Where was Wren as the Jester?
No, it's the future of VFX, and the death of the VFX industry
whos here in 2025
Yea, no, with all due respect: Piss off. I absolutely adore a huge chunk of what you guys do - the Satisfied challenge, the trick shots, Jake's vanishing, the explosions episode, the size of Minecraft... it's fun, awesome, interesting, inspiring, educational. But I'm not interested in the "ai" slop and bullshit. It's soulless crap and much of the publically available "ai tools" are built on stolen material and amount to nothing more than plagiarism. Using it to generate art fakery also obscures the real potential of the technology, as demonstrated by projects like the proteine sequencing ing AlphaFold. So, you do whatever you like, but I will not give any money or time to ai-generated content, I will downvote it whenever it comes up, and encourage everyone around me to do the same. When I take part of a video, or piece of writing, or a game, I don't want a computer generated average value of real people's work. So, I'll downvote this and move on, and keep on enjoying all the awesome stuff you guys do. And, just in general, all ya tech-bros and ai-stans: Kindly piss off and stop bothering the rest of us.
This video only strengthens and reinforces the calling to mature our humanities abilities onto whole other symbiotic levels with God, where machines will find their place, not taking from humans, but sharing a unique void of heavenly harmony.
8:23 those Tools aged like fine milk 😂
Absolute losers
If it’s not made by human it’s not art buddy get real like literally
What u Guys know abt tim cheese…?
Services like CapitalOne aged like fine milk.
getting better for sure..still a headache to work with but it will improve
back when Ai images were cool.. :<
How do you set it up for me to do it
"Death of ..." more like "New Tools for ..."
I see this can do humans and animals with human and animal anatomy. However, can it create my own teddy bear (Bearsac), rather than create a generic teddy bear?   Can it create him in different poses to the photos I upload and wearing different clothes?  If so, what problems might I face with the following:   1) Bearsac's head doesn't stay upright very well in certain poses.   2) He doesn't have a mouth and I don't want him to as it won't be him?  3) I want some images of him without shoes but he needs to wear his shoes to be able to stand up for photos. Can photos of him lying down be used to generate images of him sanding up?  4) For him to stand I place batons in his shoes and up his clothes but they stick up out of the top into his strap fixtures (he is a rucksack).   5) His straps get in the way of photos  ( I guess with 4 & 5 I need to first edit out the visible batons and straps, but is there an easier option)?  Please see my channel for videos of Bearsac if it helps you answer. You will see 2 slightly different bear. I had the original one snatched from me in Tanzania and remade him.   Is there a free trail I can use to test this out?  I don't mind paying what I can afford if the results are good enough. I really need to do this with Bearsac.
have you noticed that you never have a scene with two people in it ? not dead yet, telling you...
Watching this now and seeing how far AI has come in just 2 years
No.
I believe...as I come back to this video's comment section:  AI is still just a tool that can be used by artists to make art... or it can be used to sell stuff that never had any art to do with it after it stole other people's art...  soooooo.... As long as it was made without scrapping peoples stuff without permission, the AI tools can be cool.
Humans are too egotistical not to insert their own essence into the things they create eventually. Even if someone made an entire career out of just plugging other people's work into stable diffusion, they would probably be tempted once in awhile to shake things up with their own spice just to break the monotony if nothing else, and art will still happen as a result of that. I look at art as an inevitable force as long as humans have free time to express themselves. We do it naturally when we're bored. You can't kill that with an algorithm unless you kill us with that algorithm.
BatSam has 3 ears
6:43 to this day, this is still Sam’s profile picture on instagram.
Why did he just make the story of Rasputin
Wow, this is cool, but also it's incredible to see how far A.I. tech has come in the year since this video was uploaded.  Do you have plans on making something similar to this with new video generators?  Potentially you could take the photos from this used for the slide show, use a form of interpolation from video generators, and make your story live action.  I actually just graduated with my masters and wrote a paper about this methodology.  I'd really love to see what you guys could do with this!  I am also a little tempted to make this video myself and send it on to you guys lol
Literally every artist ever beyond the first artists to exist, took major inspiration from another artist. There are plenty of really famous artists that paint stuff that you would have no idea whos work it is unless stated or known prior. There is no such thing as stealing art when the art is something never created by that artist. Doesnt matter if its in "their" style, its still not theirs.
AI is a growing avalanche of new software/hardware tools, which will enable creation of fantastic VFX and images by the most novice of computer users. I recently saw some incredible videos created by a junior high graphics class.   Every month, the power of AI doubles in capability and ease of use.  For many artists who spent years to learn and hone their craft, this is sad.
lol do you guys at corridor have a back up plan on what your all gonna do when A.I. finally puts you all out of a job.              lol the days of a teenager with his i phone and a.i. doing everything your 10+ man crew does twice as fast and better in his bedroom. those days are nearer than you think!!!          and AI has spent 90% of its time learning how to make shit for us to look at and go WOAH!!!           lol which is literally your guys jobs.....
If you keep trying to push it then it will be the death of your vfx
HOLY SHIT THEY USED FUCKING MGS HOW TONE DEAF CAN YOU BE
I love your videos!!!  Don't forget to clean that mouse after this video though  :))
Death of VFX? More like Death of creativity.
The future is here Sora ai
2 Minute Papers collab when?
Greg Rutkowski specifically disapproves of his name and style being used in AI....he is your colleague in the visual production field....why not respect his wishes....?
How do we do this for ourselves?
Jesus love y’all and wants a relationship with y’all of you and he can give us all true peace, and more he wants a relationship not religion ❤️✝️
3D Animation is done. Even a cashier at Walmart can animate now.
You know, you could just train an AI on CC licensed art and avoid all this BS altogether.  The same way it's not illegal for a fan to do variational art of something like an anime, there is so much to pull from Getty or any other "pay for image" company doesn't need to be involved.
If a person uses Ai art for animation too often… that means they are lazy….
Kinda like asking if computers are the death of animators.
16:18 no wren?
You can't copyright AI Generated Art in the USA at this time. Be careful purchasing or selling art assets made with AI because no one can copyright AI Art at this time.
I'm sorry but Jake reminds me of that dad that embarrasses you infront of your friends an inputs himself in everything cause he thinks he's funny...just the vibe still love him though lol
am i tripping or did the image on nikos desk change 1:35
How can I get this, I don’t know if I have enough money though.
Why wasn't wren in the story?!
Wonder when the Crew will look into South Park ai Showrunner?
I really want to like Corridor Crew, but they did not do Sam as the Stay Puft Marshmallow man.  I think you can see why this is an issue.
This is cool but the only reason these programs can make these images is because they steal from artist’s work online :/
Ai art is just whack because it does the fun part for you.
the 10:30 clip, is it reversed. it looks reversed
AI is easy to spot... for now.
18:17 wrong title. Anybody noted?
this aged quite hard
It's so telling that of all the people you cast for your story, there is not a single woman among them. It's embarassing honestly.
RE: AI art. If you code your own deep learning system and train it on your own dataset that you gathered yourself......yes, I believe you own the rights to what it produces. However, if you use openly available code, trained with openly available data, while the argument could be made for any persons likeness being used, the product as a whole I couldnt say could be owned in its entirety. Anyone could type in the same query and get the same output, how is that unique? How is that a product of your unique skill set? Its, not. If anything its a product of the coders who made the software you are using, and if said software is freely available then so is the produced work (minus any aforementioned likenesses to actual people added as part of the training subset).  RE: AI in the writers strike. Yall noticed those weirdly worded articles floating around the internet? Those are AI generated. And those are the crappy ones that cant string a sentence together from time to time. The better ones are much harder to spot, if you even can. "But there is an authors name!" Yeah huh....because Alan Smithee is somehow different from Instance:5164b, right? The authors names are just a method of tracking what instance made what article. Like lot numbers on manufactured products. So if yall really have an issue with the studios using computers they already have as company assets to generate scripts while not having to pay you for your screenplay and royalties, yall should have gave a shit when we (the geeks warning you about how this new technology can be abused) were yelling to deaf ears about it years ago. Humans priced themselves out of the market, and we keep doing it. Someone might want to hurry up with that utopia, because we're not going to have enough jobs to go around at some point in the future. By the way.....has anyone checked on those Boston Dynamics robots lately? Because I for one welcome our new robot overlords. Also Im a fairly competent machinist, fabricator, and hobbyist electrician....just....for the record....
Artists perfect hands and you'll always beat the ai :)
I was really hoping the story would end with a smiling picture of Wren in peasant clothes and Niko saying "and also Wren was there!"
AI website name
This is awesome! As a fellow artist I salute you! You guys are fun!
couldn’t have said that last few seconds better myself 👏👏
Yeah I hate those kind of people, always try to warm others, but they never belive. Damn people are indeed to easy to be manipulate
This is Sad, Idk
Anyone else feel bad for Wren? Lol he never got included
End of day mankind was designed to create. Regardless if AI does a “better” job.
Could you get it to make you a game model, like that San Andreas one, and then take that, turn it into a game asset, and mod it into the game?  That would save so many people so much time. You could mod anyone into anything! And I bet it works with the Sims, too!  O.O
That is amazing. And I found this video late. It's probably a million times better now.
How they do IT?  MARVELOUSLY
The clickbait of your videos is on the next level
Nice touch bruh i've watched this video a zillion times and this is the first time I've noticed that frame in the background.
There is only one thing for artists to do now, learn to draw those hands a best as they can. No one gonna call them to work on anything else...
This stuff will always look cheap and dumb without a human touch sorry guys
How did you add the images of  Sam?
The only take I do not agree is that I don't consider  typing a concept for an  IA to generate it is making art. That's why the whole IA "artist" was such a scandal in the art community .
now, you should ask Greg Rutkowski to make his own visual version of Niko's story... this could be interesting
Brother tried ai out and the images it produced where amazing. BUT when he asked it to produce something in the style of someone in particular it put signatures on the pictures. Not sure if it was the 'original' artists im not sure. I se big lawsuits coming!!!
For so many videos I have been scanning through the comments regretfully seeing that his repeated message is always being left out from the "awesomeness" of the elements presented in his videos made: Give back to the community what the community has given to you.. Basically asking you to acknowledge that just as Bernard had had put it: "He is (As you are) standing on the shoulders of the giants before him".  For those of you that can not realize: He has production connections and he CAN pretty well just use this to make his own stuff and sell it. But it is to further the potential of future options split in to a much broader spectrum of technical capabilities by hopefully landing one of you also onto his shoulders. Or give grounds for you to shoulder someone else...  There is a difference between how you use a tool... The other day I had had needed a hammer to hammer a nail and not finding one; I had used the side corner of a thick glass jar... And ironically that same day I had read of a guy that failed to find a knife and killed someone with a hammer. These two choices (Albeit being the same as to be innovative with using a tool in a less general way) rendered a whole different outcome from a specific tools specific use... Of both the events as they are; and as the people we have proven to be.  Thank you and your crew for making too many things so much more magical again for the many of us. I wish you all the best!
Interesting that you chose the route of theft after all.
To All the artists watching this in terror. Adapt
This is absolutely the beginning of the death of all artists and their careers, and why Corridor Digital seems to promote AI work and now constantly use it in their videos deeply depresses me. Its was made very clear recently with the release of the Linkin Park song, Lost, which was completely created an AI generated animation, using only one "AI artist", which very clearly saved the studio who developed the song, tons of money. I use to love Corridor Digital and believed they promoted all forms art, but clearly that is not the case. I had so much respect for this channel but now its one of the worst things to exist on the internet next to AI generators.  Thanks guys.
4:28 I still don't understand why Sam said the AI wasn't transformative when literally 10 seconds before that, the AI adapted batman to his body type.
Niko: "For you see: The dark magic they talked about is *fire* magic... Dealing away with their enemies, casting the church down, and *burning their enemies* one by one-"  no-one:  not a single soul:  Jordan Corridor Digital: *"iS tHiS a ChilDrEn'S bOoK?"*
Yeah... stable diffusion is a teaser for the future. Acessible art and film making is gonna be interesting
Okay the fact that somebody made a shirt with “Donny or Bobby” 🎉🎉🎉 and Jordan is just casually wearing it!! 😂
These things need to be in control. Just within a min you destroyed two legends ,Masters  Yoji Shinkawa and Greg Rutkowski . If u can imagine how much practice & grinding they had to become what they are in this world for the Artist to whom they are inspiration. Just with Ai you destroyed them and it will not stop. Ai can easy up and fasten the work flow but it will destroy the actual creativity . Art and creative industry is going to actually dead by prompt and AI industry. Whoever wants to be digital artist no future now learn Traditional art AI just destroying it and within no time final nails will be put.
Wow.. imagine if you make this story into the real movie 👍
Laion - 5b data set users for AI tools,  have MANY class action lawsuits filed by getty images and other major Ip owners with very potent legal representation, check out legal dispute details it's pretty 1 sided from the looks of things they implicate themselves even in their white papers. IT IS stealing & providing unethical generation that is only possible from talents artist and if you use it and profit your gonna enter legal repercussions do so at your own peril.
We are not ready for UBI yet but will have to soon at the rate things are going here.
man, i need a ai to make this into 3 minutes, was too long
Careful with the message you guys are sending here, i know you talked about the implications of AI at the end, but pleeeaseee
To Sam Gorski ... Hi Sam ... Have a look at a pic of Andy Farrell the Irish Rugby Head Coach .... Another doppelganger ...
So! Here's a thing. This applies, or WILL apply to ANY 'major' actor ... BUT I'm talking/writing about, Tom Cruise. Cruise is no longer an 'ACTOR' ... he's a 'BRAND' ... Audiences are paying to see a 'BRAND' or their perception of how they want to see Tom Cruise. I believe that Cruise is ONLY being 'used' to promote and publicise 'Tom Cruise' the brand ... and he no longer needs to act. There is enough technology via 'deepfakes' (both audio and visual) lookie likee stunt-people to push the ILLUSION that it is the 'original' 60+ 'Tom Cruise' we're looking at and 'marveling' at how 'young' and 'fit' he looks.
I am living in interesting times. Now I can do parodies of atheist myths with almost no limits. Heh heh  FRANKENSLIME!
This is scary O.o
I really enjoyed this video. Although in retrospect, I don't think they showed any of the images from the thumbnail. Which is odd, because I kindof wanted to see the Simpsons creation.
Just wanted to tell yall the advert section is always snuck in so smoothly that I never mind watching your paid promotions, they are so well done they deserve to be watched for the advertising 👏 😂
It's a new era, the era of Ai, the last step in industrialization history and is gonna be great, imagine the possibilities, not only in arts, in medicine, mechanics, even government. We are in the edge of future. I can't wait to fly in a plane created with the assistance of artificial intelligence, or be cured by an artificial surgeon, or new things that we can't imagine, because this technology will bring us a new branch of technologies that we can't imagine now, the same way as a person from the 1500s could not have imagined a computer or an airplane. About conclusion on the "moral implications" THERE ARE NONE! Because nobody invents nothing out of nothing, specially in art, we are a cumulus of layer after layer, as human race, like an onion, I mean, took any artist of any time, study his context and you will see that he learned or based his work in anotherone that existed before. In medicine and engineering or any human expression is the same.
Everytime I watch this show it just reminds me that guys really know how to be friends lol
its game over when the ai can create high quality animations imagine a movie made entire by ai
Companies will be making videos using AI to promote their bussiness procedures, training for employees, etc.  At least PowerPoint presentations are going to be a lot of fun now.
I think the reason I'm not as enthusiastic about this tech as I feel I should be is thinking about the trend of recent technological progress not actually reducing our hourly workweek. Like, we should be having to work less with all of this automation, instead we're just producing more but working the same. The industrial revolution had machines that brought down the labor and weekly hours people had to work for production, and that hasn't happened for decades.  This should be great for independent creators that want to get content out on a decent schedule, but corperations that people work for will likely refuse to lower the 40 hour week at this point.   I feel like we're honestly producing so much as a society that we can't really consume even a small fraction of it, I can't imagine it not affecting the value of artwork as a whole. Sure, more people have more access, but I'm not looking forward to a future where people assume a piece of art is AI generated and stop caring about the artists that actually create things since it would make more sense to assume no one created the work.  I can only hope that commercial work will fade away as a requirement for living if it truly automates to that degree so that we may have some more time to dedicate towards craftsmanship itself.
Fantastic work on this video! Or was that AI too? :O
This will just eliminate creativity for people. We do art for ourselves and each other. What is art even worth if a heartless system makes it- nothing. I guess people don’t see the value in art anymore.
Excellent video, except for the wierd Sponsor Segment.. Sam and Nick looked visibly uncomfortable, and I was cringing.
Larion? Did you go to AI Dungeon and didn't bother to change the name? XD
On the topic of AI art and the potential threat it poses, I really don't think that the discussion should be so important, even if it's one that should certainly happen.  Yes, AI does, in effect, steal the styles of artists, but that's not a concern to me. Most artists don't have unique styles; almost all styles that artists use are the same as or amalgamations of others.   Don't get me wrong, I do have concerns that AI art could potentially copy not just a style, but an artwork with minimal changes. I do have concerns that people can use AI to make art and pretend that it's their own.   But I don't think that means stopping AI art from existing. It can be useful; not everyone has the time or the money to get relatively good-looking artwork.  However, I do want to also address one more concern I've seen, and the one which I simultaneously find the most reasonable to have and the of the least worry, and that's the idea that AI will out-compete artists. It simply can't. AI is inherently different from a human. It can't create a new idea, just stitch together enough old ones to appear new. But it can never really reach the same level of creativity and attention to every single detail as humans. An AI doesn't "think" a background will look good if it's darker, it just knows that your prompt would be more likely to be better with a dark background; an artist might have a dark background, or they might realise that what they are making actually looks much nicer with a white background; either way, their art is inherently going to be of the same level or better than an AI's. It's not worth worrying over anyway, since with so many people being opposed to AI art, it's not like artists are going to run out of fans anytime soon.  AI art isn't the end of the human artists, and it never will be. There are valid concerns, but just please don't attack the people who make AI or the people who use them for purposes other than pirating or pretending to be good at art. AI art isn't really art anyway, and it doesn't matter. There's a good chance it'll be no more than a gimmick in a few years time.
It breaks my heart imagining Greg Rutkowski watching this video. As an illustrator myself I find it terrorific and sad.
Well, the lawsuits have started. Might be worth looking back into the legal side as a followup in the future.
You weren't kidding that AI can't draw hands. That is fascinating. Hands are so expressive and people tend to have issues with drawing hands as well. is AI's lack of the ability to draw hands because people have issues with it and the AI was trained from people's art?
This is just sad
So there is someone who has no art experience whatsoever.  He can just make art with AI, post it, and boom instant clout.
4:58
They said learn to code. Now what
The implications to working artists losing their jobs, the creativity the 'journey' of an artist will be taken away. Not to mention the huge copyright issues. I'm sorry any one who endorces AI art has lost my respect because their support of AI helps to speed up the demise of the human artist trying to make a wage.
Well, in the future maybe Artits should get a revenue when their names are used in those programs, to compensate them!
How do i recreate this experiment?
Now that midjourney has recently added the blend feature, you can now add new information to an existing AI image.
Can we get a follow up on this it's amazing can't wait to use it when my laptop comes if it can even run it
Nice moral take on the end there but uh.. realistically that's not what's gonna be happening
that's scary exciting ..!
"...And when everyone is super... no one will be." ~ Syndrome. The power of AI art makes me think of this.
its like a gun. people use it for protecting, some for entertainment, some for evil
Hate AI art but that story made me laugh in a moment where I couldn't thank you guys
This would be perfect tool for fan animations. This is pretty much at the level of Battlefleet Gothic cinematics already, in few years it will be even better and in a decade it might even make coherent long videos.
A.I. automation takes the fun of out creating though. It's ok if it just helps your creativity but I don't want it doing all the work.
Sad that Wren didn’t show up as the minstrel at the victory celebration
Even AI knows that drawing hands is the worst
The sad thing is all this praise could be for an artist who spent the time creating it. However I have a video coming out part two to my Ai discussion talking about how I used Ai to bypass the mundane tasks I don’t like doing within my art :) 😊
10:21 Why do my keyboard look almost the same? 😋   *_P.S.:_*_ It's not the AI speaking, it's real me, i'm swearing, believe me, pleazzz. I'm using markdown that's why i'm real_
Everyones jobs are fucked. I'm starting to see why this is such a big problem now.
You will own nothing and you will love it...Ironic and sad how we give away our power to express ourselves to the beast for free...
Sorry artists, y'all are history... Corporations with legal power will monetize the master AI and suck all the money.  Famous artists might get royalty, others not so much. Welcome to the future!
Dudes, AWESOME use of story telling. oneupit a notch...text to voice over using celebrity or random great voice.  Use this medium to tell the story of how your crew became what you are today... whatever that is.
Thank you guys 😊 for completely shattering My dream as a traditional artist but this type of technology gives a possibility to making a live action dbz movie someday
well do people who paint credit everyone who they drew inspiration from and yes pun intended since they do what ai does
How much would it cost to get this software & tech set up at the minimum to do this exact concept?
Wow
Just interesting. At what camera are you shooting this blog?
IMHO, art generated by a computer is not your art, especially If you didn't contribute any labor to it's generation. (no typing out a description does not count). It might be your concept. That I can accept as legitimate. But getting a computer to generate the image for you is pretty much the same thing as commissioning an artist to draw/paint an image for you based of a conceptual description. The labor, skill, and time are the artists, not yours. The same goes for art generated by a computer, the work is the computers. If one is going to post an image that was generated off a conceptual description, then I think ethically its okay to take credit for the concept but not for the final image itself.
why cartoon ones always look so bad while the anime ones look on point? no matter wich ai it is, cartoons are always bloches of nonsense while Animes are recreated to perfection?!
Seeing as most art is produced for consumption and profit AI will probably become the main tool for creation eventually. Originality is not needed in order to sell cultural products, which should be very obvious when looking at the state of AAA movies and games today
Awesome!!! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
I can see some major copyright lawsuits incoming unless these programs are open source.
What I want to know what are some of the prompts he used?
AI images seem to be introducing people to styles of art and reviving interest in the field. Don't be too surprised if there is a renaissance for art in general. As AI ventures become profitable, who wouldn't want human artists on their team as well.
“This just makes me ashamed of who I really am.”…my sentiments exactly
It seems it's time for Corridor Crew to come back to this subject and address the potencial legal implications of the current AI image generators
Legal argument aside. Ai art is the death of human excellence and uniqueness.   Why bother to develop skills and understanding, when what you create is going to be replicated in minutes by everyone else? It takes away the motivation, and in time will turn all art into a gray, bald, generic mush. Even in communism, skilled people were more "equal" and had many incentives to becoming more skillful. AI is the opposite of that, it takes that away, and rubs it in the artist's face   As, it's not actually an AI, but a deep learning algorithm, that works mostly on pattern recognition, so when someone creates something cool, everybody will start to copy it, and teach the algorithm what's popular and what to promote. Creating a never-ending loop of the same stuff. No more innovation, as you need someone who can break from the mold, and that requires skill and experience. Which is directly contradictory to Ai generators.  Oh, and you can already see it. Infighting starts to break out in the AI art community - as it's in human nature, the basic need to be recognized as a unique individual - they are arguing others steal their AI-generated art, and copy it. It's quite ironic how fast we got here.  It's not power to the people, It's not democratization of art, It's quite the opposite, it's the celebration of mediocrity and low impulse control.
It's 2023 and you couldn't find one Black VFX artist?
This is what we need to make out own comic books and entertainment but from a couple of photos downloaded off the Internet
That could revolutionize role playing , dungeons and dragon, rpg.
If the 1st  light bulb was an artist,  AI is a lightsaber. We can't have AI generation without the contributions of human artists. So are human artists (the light bulb) now obsolete? Of course not. AI is expanding what art can be and where it can go.
A bunch of millennials sitting around soy facing and going ape at a screen.
We have been uploading images for 30 years since the net came into our homes and we never took notice of the smallprint which probably said that the sites you upload to can sell on your information, 30 years later we have AI using all those images, it's not rocket science.
Decades ago when the film industry started to go digital the prognosticators screamed this was the death of the movie industry. Of course the advancement in the tools - most notably CGI - gave the creators far more freedom of expression and control of the final product. So no its not the Death of VFX. In fact its as major a milestone as motion capture. You will look back and say, "Wow that used to be so expensive we could never get the budget or time to do it right!"  And this is only the beginning. The 3D world just got a major tool upgrade that is a whisper of things to come.  Yes, photorealism, the 50 year wet dream is about to get real - literally.
I see this AI art thing as people blending spices to form an original recipe, the people didn't invent the herbs and spices, but do  take credit for the secret blended outcome.
Stable Diffusion is an eye opener if you are willing to learn, & the hands are alot better now.
So SO Aiwesome! And I'm so glad you talked about the ethical implications at the end too! Artists have worked a long time to develop the styles that can be so quickly mimicked.. These are AWEEESOME Tools but I also hope the ethics are held and cherished =)
Frick! Mom was right. I should've been a doctor instead. Excuse me while I shoot myself.
plz tutorial
SORRY, WE DONT UNDERSTAND HOW YOU TEACH THE A.I how to recognize the face of your friendo.
Web name ai art???? From photos to ai art???????
can you show how to install it all and how it works? i'm a moron and cant understand certain things sorry.
Man, artists are so naive and beautiful human beings: dancing on their own grave, thinking how "geat" this is and how "they will all benefit", when in reality, the entire market will shrink to a fraction of its former self and the value of what you do will be like 8 dollars a month...
I can see an obvious use case. Since you can train these models yourself, if you were an artist with a volume of work, you could train it to produce work in your style. Then, you're just imitating yourself.
What are the minimum (or recommended) hardware requirements for this?
I think this awesome, but unfortunately I have to wonder how well does it work with my skin? Black guy over here. I ask that because AI and biometrics with people of color has not had the best history.
If it can't do hands properly there might be other things it can't do... quite likely anatomy related. I've always thought that CGI even at the high end, still needed to rely on anatomical expertise... otherwise, it would not look good. For example the HULK CGI's head is always too small, whoever put that together did not think that through, even the 2D Cartoon version ( drawn by hand ) looks way more realistic, with a correctly sized head. So I'm guessing A.I. would probably do just as bad and in the end you'd be better off hiring an artist who really understands his anatomy as well as the old masters did, prior to computers.
Tool Name PLEASE?
This is the hip-hop sampling debate all over again
Damn what a sausage fest.
It's a wrap when this happens with music and text.
hardware requirements?
what's the point of living if ai is replacing everything. are artists supposed to become lawyers then? this is fucked up
This single corridor video might have caused thousands of people to become AI prompters and steal artists' work. I hope you guys de list this video.
I don't think your discord link works anymore... :(
I thought it would also be cool if AI can turn a painting of a concept art piece of say an epic Star Wars environment for example and turn it into an explorable 3d space that could be put into a game or movie
6:43 i am making that my profile picture too sam lol xD
When AI creates its own anime episode complete with its own voice acting IM FOLDING out this shlt.
All the AI genereted art look the same thing
We've had this same exact concern when automated machinery got more and more used in jobs  It'll all work out, people
Awsome
Please create another tale, it's so satisfying 👍
17:54 "Everything looks better when you type Greg Rutkowski" I admire the work done by Greg and other artists whose work was used to train this AI without the artists' permission. Any images generated from copyrighted work legally belong to the copyright holders. I would like to try an AI system that uses 100% public domain art to train the system, and leave out all these stolen images. The future of AI is public domain art 100%
Use AI wisely but don't make it wise
So will AI can provide us 1anime ep once a day?
Instead of the obvious ethical negative, I want to pose a positive aspect. Imagine someone with real talent making use of this tool. Many of us just know a name or two, and will spit out images that will ultimately look a lot alike. In the hands of a skilled artist, however, their use of various styles, techniques, industry knowledge, and inspirations I think will still produce superior images. Not only that, since they would know more of what they are doing, they will be able to produce more cohesive works at a breakneck pace. Sure they may have to fix things like hands and do some swaps, but the bulk of their work is already done. I could see the film industry using someone like this as the next generation concept artist for an entire movie. Now just wait until AI can start animating all of this in a realistic fashion…
it is incredible.
I doubt it anyone has asked Greg Rutkowski or Yoji Shinkawa for permission to feed their artwork into an algorithm.
It’s funny how outdated this video already is in 2 months with how fast the tech is moving.
For now AI isn't precise with details and as mainstream for the general public. But as a children's book illustrator, should I worry about this tool for the years to come? Knowing how fast humans can develop an existing technology.
One day,  A.I. will overcome.... cheeto fingers!
Okay. You could literally just have a business doing this, all day.  Personalized art, in styles like that. Boom. Do it! Next convention or... ??? Sell the rights to the person who bought it of themselves and charhe extra to back up the data. They can out it on all merch. They can buy paintings. They can emboss it. They can use ot for branding. They can put it on books amd their car. Realestate commercials. Whatever. Endless sales. If they just want one-offs... they can have a catalog and a mini print after the photoshoot. Bye bye glamour shots. Personalized art is the new thing. Better than having a celebrity. Meaningful art is the new trend... what matters in our lives.
Well this didn't age well...
AI its a criminal art.
This is going to be an absolute disaster in copyright law in the not so distant future.
guys that was super fun to explore, yet the implactions of ai as predicted in Terminator & i-Robot seeems to have started, and not in the near future too many artists, technicians and even developers career n life gonna be in big soup which is a sad part and i see the only way is to adapt to these evolving tech as a force of choice
The next phase it's going to be making full animated movies, and doing the voices for the characters, and writing the lines
Can someone explain me how to input pictures and "educate" the AI about people or objects to refer to later as done in this video at 02:43??  thanks
Everyone's debating over ethics and what is considered art. I'm just sitting here  feeling sad about the human condition.   It's sad that everything about us and the way we perceive the world can be broken down into simple abstract patterns.   We like to think that every idea every piece of art is unique but it's always derivative to a large extent. We've conjured principles for what constitutes as good art and follow them religiously: Color theory, values, composition, texture. And the reason we've stuck to these principles is because following them produces "good art" and by that I mean art that pleases our own mind. No matter what's in front of us we simply love two strong splotches of contrasting colours together on a piece of canvas.   I'm not disheartened that this ML algorithm can recreate artwork from a repository of millions of art work. I'm disheartened by the fact that millions of art work created by great minds over thousands of years can be reduced to mere patterns of 1s and 0s.  I guess what I'm trying to say is that no idea is truly profound.
Ok, WE WORKERS can say that an AI generated art is kind of a mashup of billions of pre-existing images and we can recognize that as "not real art" o al least agree that it is not created by humans therefore there is no one to be credited for it. BUT do clients give a damn about that? Specially clients who just want to get a logo, a poster, o vfx or whatever functional design to insert in their product. What will it do to our jobs if a client can just go and get whatever image he wants out of a computer, without paying a dime to anyone real person?  Can this be stopped? Should it be stopped?
This is THEFT!!!!  AHHHHHH!!  All I see lately on the internet..
Love the video, thumbs up 💯➕. Thank You all for making this. My take away so far==>  The issues about intellectual property, design style referencing and the importance of making your own unique art gets even more complex, but in a good way too,,, I have up to this point not stylized anything by calling out any living artists by name, but by referencing famous past artists and I've learned such great appreciation for so many wonderful styles.   This tool allows so many more people who are(or were) distanced from skilled manual creation and quality drawing abilities to quickly express their ideas with imagery, not just words. Human communication improvement by orders of magnitude(what a time to be alive) ((now how do we kill-off the malicious trolls and misinformation factions?!?))  What Google engines did for information & searching, A.I. draw engines can do for expression! Being able to use your mouth and your mind to draw feels wonderfully empowering!  I have started using A.I. to demonstrate ideas visually to others, and using the tool to innovate new ideas,  I can envision the need to quickly verify with automatic tools what imagery is truely unique and what imagery is just basically cut and paste of existing imagery(???) to respect existing living artists and know if these 'unique' things may already exist IRL.
Can't wait until they figure out how to implement this into games that we play to make our characters, really OUR characters. Amazing stuff!
This is getting scarier..
I’m happy that me and other people can use ai to generate such wonderful art and it inspired me to start painting again, I feel that ai is showing off how good it is to make us all more creative and to try better 😂
I think  the human race is undergoing a very large change and it's going to be wondrous and wrenching.  There's a way in which the imperfections just don't matter, they will get resolved.  It's pointing to something very fundamental about the stories we've told ourselves and what we even are.
How many YouTube channels are little more than an audio essay over stock video and images slowly zooming or panning. I'm sure i can find an AI to write the baseline for the essay as well. Really streamline my process.
do they can make saber?..
Lets revisit this 3 years from now when AI puts Corridor Crew out of work.
internet doesnt care about morale. Please see Rule #2 of the internet
This video has one of the most well written and accessible Descriptions I've ever seen.
On one hand I love this. It's amazing what it can do, it could be a really helpful tool, and it's a lot of fun to play around with. On the other hand, as an artist, I've already seen some of the problems its caused fellow artists like me. People creating AI to imitate specific artists(many of which did not give consent and understandably didn't like it), people entering AI pieces into art contests without disclosing that it was AI(and winning), people who fed the AI others artwork trying to monetize it's usage(again without consent), and even artists watermarks/signatures ending up in the finished AI pieces. Just food for thought: If you want a deeper understanding of the situation also look at artists opinions, because they're the ones being negatively effected by this not the people trying to monetize it. Of course the people trying to make money off it would say it's fine.
Kinda found this episode incredibly upsetting that you didn't even stop to think about the implications of stealing a style an artists has taken a lifetime of blood sweat and tears to develop.
I’m upset wren didn’t get used for the story 😂😂😂
This is not art but only a bunch of short cuts with no personal research, soul and axperience. This is "money generated" stuff only created to earn easily and faster without enjoying any interesting and fulfilling working process. Anyways, thank you for enforming us with this video guys.
This is the death of death of statements.
Fact is, this is a very important conversation that we all need to have about art. Is art just an end product, or is art also something we do? The AI generators seem to eliminate a lot of the "doing" in the name of effeciency, but the art process and exploration is a large part what makes it kind of unique. Humans don't "need" art like food and shelter, but we seem to have always found a need to do it. Express a side of ourselves in a visual language that is both an act and a thing to be observed.  The library analogy at the end is interesting, I can definitely see it being used that way if we can all get on board with it as a tool rather than a replacement.  It's unforunate right now because a lot of new "artists" are just taking the image that gets spit out, and running with it. Worse, it's like they walked into the library, took bits of everyone else's work, claimed it to be theirs, and told everyone to "get good".  I hope that changes, but right now, an AI artist looks like someone who just ordered off of uber eats and is claiming to be a chef.
This looks really cool, where can you go to look up this AI generated art?
This is epic!!
lmao
This aged hehe
The future is scary and the bait is stimulation
If you have to ask if something is ‘morally wrong’ then you already have your answer.
Its stealing. Not copying, not being inspired by, its stealing other's work to vomit new images. Don't support this.
Your final conclusions are to be taken very seriously: All of this make ask Us, creators: what is Art? Is it simply a combination of things created by others? Well, following this "chain of influence" The question ends up being useless: because what about the first true artists then? What inspired them actually? So: no... Creating is not recombining stuff made by others only, it is way more than that, and AI image generator can make fall a bunch of true Artists in this illusion of creating art, as you told so accurately, Niko; and I got friends actually believing thay are now the new Davinci, or Giger because of the easiness and quality of the output generated, that this , following this tendance, could end many true artist, by convincing them no to take the hard and real way, but the easy an fake one...
i think people dont reliase this is not as good as it seems you do undestrand this will affect the economy of entire professions drasticly .. and in the world where you have bilions of autogenerated stuff every minute it just destroyes the value of art in general ....
it wont lmao. The thing with Ai is that although you can stuff it with information, the nuances and meanings behind certain things are lost on machines, they arent smarter than us they are just faster at doing things due to the storage of information, but it wont replace humans, because emotions and personality come from God and well humans arent God
How did you upload pictures of sam into it for dream to learn?
Here comes the porn
As an artist I think this is an incredible tool to use when exploring with ideas. I could use train in with my own art and boom watch an AI do my own style better than me lol
rip artists
Did Greg Rutkowski agree on having his style copied, or on giving his artworks to the AI to work with?
Laser tattoos, A.I. Design and A.I. Art will replace a lot of us 😮‍💨
Sorry, newb here. So is he using strictly Dreambooth for this process? Or is this Dreambooth in conjunction with something like Dall-E?   When I use the same search query in Dall-E (minus Sam)...the images looking nothing like this lol
im sure AI could learn Madlibs and just insert random places, names and etc into stories and combining these two things....it would be a movie machine!
What option you choose to get that solid drawings?
Dammit
This is scary. I remember the process of just cropping and removing things in the background.  Now it's the swipe of a finger on a phone app. I'm impressed but also concerned for the future of art if this AI just takes over.
My honest opinion is this video makes me uncomfortable, especially when you’re explicitly trying to get images modeled after specific artists. I honestly don’t think “do something to make it your own” goes far enough to combat the intrinsic issues with AI art. Part of it is lack of consent, lack of credit, and the monetization of essentially other peoples work. This video skirts the line but still makes me very uncomfortable. Morally and legally it’s a complex subject but so my 2¢ is I really dislike the current trajectory of AI art, I think it can be a super powerful tool if done right, but the lack of regulation, the way these libraries are built, and the way it’s being monetized all feel unethical. 1 common way people refute criticism of AI art is they say “well artists use reference so the AI is doing the same thing” but 1 the volume is drastically different, if an artist wants to draw let’s say a pair of jeans, the amount of reference they can look at is like 5-10 pieces of reference, but an AI is looking at 1000s of references. 2 accuracy, even the best art forgers cannot perfectly redraw and paint an image with 100% accuracy, AI can. Point 3 using reference or likenesses for commercial use requires permission, licensing, model releases, derivative works, etc. so there’s an argument to be made against the legality of AI art. Personally I’ve seen people using an “X artist” AI art generator and claiming it as their own work, people shouting down any suggestion of regulation and artist consent, companies destroying their communities to cash in on AI art. Idk you said you wanted to hear our thoughts so those are mine.
Jakes call is so iconic
I foresee the end to the modelling industry. All stock photos can be auto generated :)
Fuck AI.
A double edge sword for artists, by one hand, it could be a very useful tool to get references and to do conceptual moodboards for the potential client even by the moment it could be a good business to offer imperfection retouches as a new for this technology major issue, by the other hand, it could kill the career in a monetary level too, most of the people would just prefer to get what they want by just typing a prompt they want, without any corrections
Could you guys be more informal and wave your arms around a bit more?
Ultimate choosing beggar: Can you submit your art to an AI so I can make free pics in your style
The fact it replaces the artist does not make it into art. It just changes who you pay.
I don’t think the AI is creative at all. It collects what has already been made and pastes it together as a collage. To demonstrate this, simply remove ninety five percent of the available resources and its image generation would be reduced drastically. But as a collage combiner it is outstanding.
Humans can automate anything, its incredible. If only the dbd devs could be replaced with an ai that can make a good game
Bunch of monkeys playing with atom bomb
You all are using this thing wrong, we just need everything in Rob Liefield style.
search up tf2 samgorski lmfao
Anyone know which epidemic song is used in the background of this video?
u did not make wren
I am friends with an artist. I like to brag to people that compliment my t-shirt designs that I am friends with the artist, as though that makes me somehow cooler.... the danger of ai is not replacing the product of art. It is the replacing of how important the lense of an actual artist, actually is
We aren't quite there though, until an AI can provide good all-females equivalents to this all-males video.
Also does badly with swords also. None of them looked correct.
It's this serious? Wow 😳
This was a really interesting watch until they got them all in a room together and it started getting really awkward the way they were overreacting like some corny reality show it definitely was staged creep me out too much and I had to shut it off.
I'm sad I dont get those nice results
The reality is this is going to destroy a lot of lives and is actually going to cause a lot of job losses and suicides. It's just the hard truth. People need to sue these ai companies and start taxing the use and feed back the money to actual artists. Otherwise it's game over for millions of people. Remember the Ai doesn't stop here and it will get far far worse. People are naive and selfish and ai artists show that.
Where’s when
I think it is a game changer... it could already make the storyboard process faster and allow people without any drawing skills to do it
No!
please tell us the keyword all of the picture!
Can you tell us how to replicate this?
You can Nick dissagree Wren a.i. makes finer art than a vfx master- Sam of us are very offended. Ni-ko like to go out and run amok. But Ja-ke praised. That means Jo-r-dan more than the others. You can always Mark-ip-lier when you see one. (definitely not written by A.I.)
the continuation of the death of craft - no one wants to work for anything anymore and create something great.  People will no longer strive to create what they envision but instead leave it to iterations to create something close enough-  I am torn because - in terms of story telling it may be a great  tool to illlustrate a vision if you have a unique way of getting the AI to generate a concept...  We will see...
Thank you for the excellent liner notes!
seeing steve as a deus ex machina was the best thing ive ever seen come from corridor HANDS DOWN
I wonder!  Can A.I really not draw hands, or are the programmers running on the "joke" that hands are one of the hardest things to draw?  Or, is the A.I joking 🧐🤯
People say this will make artists obsolete, I'm thinking it will make photos and videos impossible to identify as real or fake. Evidence in court is about to be a lot harder to dismiss or verify.
if ai makes better art than humans like in detroit become human the fun is over
A lot of artists in the comments are worried, I get that. Creativity used to be the exclusive realm of humans. It's not just artists that have to compete with ai now, even pilots, doctors, and attorneys can be replaced for many (not all! Not yet) tasks. It's not a question of "what should I do if an AI can do a lot of my job?" It needs to be a question of, "what should our world look like when almost all work can be done by ai?".
How about someone try to put anime characters in this and see if the ai can make Fanart of anime characters..
This isnt even the tip of the iceberg. You can only imagine private sectors and entities already have AI tech fully flesh out.  AI generated movies, scenes, dreams ( for inception), and just about anything. But the most interesting of them all, is AI inside  fully functional human bio androids. Why raise a clone when you manufacture one rapidly with all your mannerisms, features, and expressions down to the micro level. Presidents and political figures would no longer need to put there lifes in danger.  You can have your android double do work for you while you handle other business. You can have an entire army of perfectly obedient android humans for reconessance and war. You don't have to wait for that future, its already a thing.  Basically, AI exists to the point you can be narrating a story and the AI can visually represent your narration with expanded details as you speak. You can even ask questions about what known documented events happened in the past, and based upon all world wide available knowledge and information in its databank can visually represent a rein-actment of the events, and intelligently fill in environment and character properties with high computational precision.
Or maybe leave actual artists to do this and not use ai to steal?
man, you guys can easily make a movie easily, instead of making small shots-- generate a storyboard using AI.
It will be really usefull for planning a movies, games or even a book. Makes a make up, scene etc...
we stand on the shoulders of giants
Time to lie to my friends
nice ones
i dont know man, but i always think fenner is a pewdiepie .
1:13 What is that music!!!
PLEEEASE, please, please do this for Tintin! Use the animation style from the 2011 film if you want but I think it would be cool to try to more faithfully reproduce Herge's Ligne Claire style (sort of like the video game Sable).
Which website u used
Soon all artists, photographers, and musicians will be obsolete.
Nice! I was amazed and blown away. But , as an artist I say to myself what will become of me and my talent? My next question is can you animate with this software?
This ai tech really scares. I doubt this tech has more positive rather than negative.
Whoa! So cool!
Ai art should have to list a source for every single image  it used to generate the photo
As I started with AI, I knew about this moral dilemma. That is why I recreate the digital pictures Dall-E made after getting my request into real, traditional paintings.  The promts one uses are the creative part, I think. Combining words in a way that a great piece of art may be developed. Thanks for the vid, stay curious!
In 10 years, no more artists. Just authors and greedy corpos.
Honestly surprised there hasn't been an A.I. produced graphic novel released yet.
4:38 *I am heavy weapons guy...*
What’s the website I can get this from I wanna see what kind of art styles I can put myself in to
The tech is no doubt impressive, and there are certainly concerns in terms of copyright and an artist's own style being hijacked in a cheap way, but there is some reassurance for artists out there that these AI can only imitate and regurgitate already established styles and aesthetics - they so far cannot be themselves creatively original. Inspiration has thankfully not been programmed in yet, and I'm not sure it will be any time soon! For that you need consciousness first!
Yo I would blow up that Yoji pic and hang it on my wall. This is free on GitHub? I’m doing this.
Sam Gorski as Thanos
Exciting and sad
all of those models are wrong, you are balder
I'm just gonna start producing stage plays. No computer can generate a real life stage performance.... yet.
No, I hate AI.
Omg! I can feel every ounce of excitement in these guys mehnnn! Great work guys! Really exciting stuff.
What is this called?
Be interesting to see what we have in a year or two. And then interesting to see if the courts address allowing digital images, video, or audio in trials.
it's great for storyboarding
Done correctly, this could do so much work for dungeons and dragons characters haha
a photo of samgorski, scared as Mr Bean from movie predator
And when everyones super, no one is
4:06 Batman that we need!
We’re screwed
Ai youtubers coming soon
Yeah, this be a slippery slope... and it's pissing off lots of professional artists. Also, they're losing their livelihood because of AI generated art that copies their styles. I'm torn. Because now anyone can profit off this AI art especially non artists, but it's not recognized as something you can copyright either because it isn't created by a human. So, laws are way behind the eight ball on this. Mediocre artists like me can finally be amazing, but it's unfair to professional artists who busted their asses off to get to the level they're at. We're officially in the Matrix.
This is how to create a graphic novel, AI, baby... except don't show any hands
This changes everything
17:53 Everything looks better when you type Greg Rutkowski (Actually go to 16:16 and 4:51)
This is the destruction of the art field and a huge part of our culture. Yay...
How do I go across downloading this to give it a try
This is all good and well but can anyone please write a good story?  Entertainment has been weak lately.  I always tell people too this is the age of the owner not the worker.  And if all else fails start that onlyfans account😀
Are there any AI music generators out there working along the same lines as Image AI generators?
What is the song from 6:33?
what prompts would I have to put in my AI to get images like the ones at minute 9:47
Making AI art is pretty unethical except for personal use. I use it for my rpg games but would never share it beyond that. A world of AI art is a dystopian one.
I like how it was the kingdom of Larrion which is what AI Dungeon would always come up with
Jesus is good be good back to him! He died for you! Please choose him! I promise it’s worth it! Please repent and believe before it’s too late!
Me and every other artist are out of work
A.I. is destroying everything. Should be banned.
What's the name of the song during the metal gear solid renders?
I love how these guys are fairly impressed with what they got the AI to generate, when they don't say how many tries or prompts they needed for each. If this if your first time seeing AI generated images, yeah, you might be blown away, but...  It's low-resolution, they're 512x512 images and upscaled in a second step, which is why "painted" looks tend to pass, but it wouldn't pass for illustrations or photo quality.  The AI hasn't learned what hands are, because the training data doesn't describe hands. The training data often has tags like "a guy standing in front of a hot dog stand" not "a bearded guy with 4 fingers and a thumb on each hand, wearing a green camo, eating a hotdog with ketchup on it"  There's a lot of biases in the training data as well. You are just as likely to generate something kinda cool looking as you are to generate a cronenburg. The AI may require a hundred word prompt to guess what you mean, and will never generate the same style twice. No, that's a separate step of feeding it back into the AI with "in the style of ____" or with a style-transfer image.  You and I can agree on a lot of things, like what a dog or a cat generally look like, but the AI does not know what a "dog" or a "cat" is, and I've had this specific AI generate some pretty grotesque stuff without describing features of a dog or a cat separately.  A lot of artists are alarmed that these AI's will take their jobs, when at best, it might just result in a lot less embarrassingly "low-balled" art jobs being offered. After all, if all someone wants is a generic fantasy character, holding a sword, the AI can do that. It can not personalize it. AI can only generate basic, unfinished, low resolution, garbage on it's own. AI sucks at hands, it sucks at eyes, it doesn't know how to compose a scene, pose a character, use consistent thematic elements, and so forth.  At best the AI art generators can produce X in Y style to see if that style works. You're not going to create anything more than a storyboard with it, at it's current level, and a lot of it will be characters just standing, staring into space or towards the camera, and never wearing the same clothes twice.
It's truly dystopian. You guys can sit around and laugh all you like but this tech is going to replace us all. Anyone with a shred of integrity should stay well away from this bullshit.
meta and others are working on a vr world where you say things and they happen . like "add mountains in the back" or "spawn a pink ak" and it creates a 3d model/ map you can explore and use.
1. Great to include moral implications however, this augments real artists, even if one day like industrial revolution, art becomes easy to generate, value of real art and real by hand work wont go low.  2. I think AI and artists should go hand in hand, I think there's too much art and too less time. 3. I want you to imagine the following scenario -> Somebody sat down and wrote a piece of AI that can read books and make character names and descriptions out of it. Now it uses this AI to generate the whole story of the book, since all this is being done by software, it can produce elaborate descriptions, and more frames to basically make a video out of it. Just think all this with a click of a button. Or in metaverse or mixed reality, just a window away, everything all the stories all the wars everything would come to life  4. I am not anti AI nor am I pro AI. I am pro "using AI as a tool to make our lives better".
Why was wren not included?!!!
I like your words at the end of this video. Very, very necessary. Nice you did that.
guys...Liam Hemsworth as The Witcher...
When they say AI gonna replace jobs, visual arts is the last job I think gonna be replace
man thats sick i need to do this asap
This is absurd.
God I wish I had a bunch of friends like this lmfao it would be dope
Ironic shopping add on video about software that will put millions out of work.
CAN you run this on collaborateurs ?
stolen art.
As long as these sites have the entire web to steal content from, no telling how far this will go.
AI is JUST barely learning how to photoshop, this is not the "death of VFX"... yet, (clickbait title) - Only when AI learns to Animate, that will be the end of our craft. But then you'll have an alternative wave of people who will appreciate "human-generated VFX" more than AI-generated. Maybe they'll call it "organic VFX" or some hipster, virtue-signally name like that. So we will still have jobs, until its too hard to keep up with AI-Hollywood, and ONLY THEN, you can title a video the way this is titled without committing a cringe-clickbait sin.
13:04 that steed tho... lmao
Good watch ty. Good message at the end also.
Art is dead
Fin is about to do a 6hr Unreal Stream roasting the crew about this
@4:44 Sam looks like  every Original Xbox model ever created, flat and shiney
Excellent job guys! Can i ask you on which hardware have you exactly trained the model on  and training hyperparameters? Have you used default dreambooth code with no modifications ? Did you train separate dreambooth for each of your collegues or was it one model for all ?
Most accurate rich snoopy rich batman, really accurate live depiction of the character. ... 🤣🤣❤️😋🌍🌎
The worst part is that programmers, the creators of this shit, the evil ones, the monsters, still have jobs, when will yhey get replaced too?!!
I mean sorry, but the most relevant question is: Does it work with porn?
Well, I can tell you exactly what I'm doing. I'm layering and saving combinations of art styles and topics that don't exist in nature. "Paint by Michelangelo, impressionist, watercolor, portrait of a Cute cyberpunk anime girl." And then there's the negative prompting which you need to produce anything approaching finished looking. Then, when I get to a point that feels interesting compositionally and stylistically unique, I'll save it as an art style so I can go back to it later.   I use inpainting a lot, and I do composite painting, often starting with 3d models I create by hand. I like having control of my compositions.  Yes, you can use ai's to create derivative works and plagiarism. It's no problem. It can be done, as you just demonstrated. But that's not the only thing you can do with it, and I feel like the analogy of sitting in a library is simplistic to the point of being misleading.  You don't need AI to be a plagiarist. You can be a plagiarist and create similar pieces in photoshop with some basic skill and an hour of your time.  What you can't do easily with photoshop that you can do with AI's is composite to a point where you're creating something entirely new. This is the textbook definition of fair use, incidentally.  It's also useful for visualizing and concept art, giving you an unprecedented ability to switch between art styles quickly, even if the piece exists already.  AI art is art. It just is. It's just a different medium.
Cool tool, but now how are we supposed to verify whether an artist really drew a piece or not?  They really making it to where you'll have to meet the artist in person and have them draw in front of you now, huh?
Imagine the future where we feed an AI images of characters and various visuals then give it a screenplay or a description of a game and it generates the film or the game...
This is like the pioneering days of sampling in the history of music. Let's just hope it doesn't lead to the messy litigations of some of those early productions.
Imagine watching an iconic film where the cast have been replaced by people of your choosing...
Imagine the future of game avatars...
Steve the Landlord as the man in the vision was the greatest plot twist of all time
How long does it take to actually generate a picture via this software (excuse the poor vocab, 99.99% noob here)?
I know this video is meant to be lighthearted, but training a neural network for production purposes with copyrighted materials is theft.
Just wondering, not sure if it's been answered...are you paying royalties on whatever this video earns to the copyright of the artists in your prompts?
@Corridor Crew I have a server with 8x V100 to my access, wanna help me set it up?:)
I love your videos so much. Could it be possible to make the backgroundmusic to what it is supposed to be... Background music? In this video the speech is constantly fighting the music. Why? This makes it extremely difficult for me, to listen and calmly enjoy your footage. By more and more in videos like this i feel totaly and constantly hyped and stressed out. I mean, i feel like following a reporter through a warzone... Why? Please Corridor Crew, Think of the old times. Take this video, cut out the backroundmusic. Sit down together and watch both versions yourself. What feels calmer? What feels more like a peacfull sunday morning. The speaker has such a nice voice. It would be much nicer to listen to this interesting topic, without beeing constantly hit by anoyingly hyping music, wich also seems to fade in and out, as it is the same volume as the speaker. Very stressfull to listen to. Again, I love you, your content and the speaker. I just would love to enjoy it. 🙏☺❤
As an artist, I'm scared xD
It's really cool but isn't it just taking away the true creativity for humanity. A truly talented individuals work will be overlooked. Anyone can come up with just as impressive art just coz they got ai to do it for them... idk, guess there's no stopping it. Just seems to me like we're on the path to becoming the fat wall-e humans. 😮‍💨
I think this tool fried my PC after rendering 1,5k images in 5 days.
There is no going back. The artist is dead. With every new rendering the machine learns exponentially with an ever infinitely growing pool to draw from. "Real artists" will be remembered, but only for so long. And you thought Napster was infringement. AI art is only the beginning. In the future we will look back on this time and say: "the warning signs were all there, but we ignored them." I'm gonna go make a nice hot cup of skynet. Hyperbole? yeah maybe...
If this is available to anybody and it's becoming easier and easier to manipulate I can see a lot of problems. One could be blackmailing, getting people you don't like to be doing things. I think the more that people are aware that this technology exists the more skeptical they ought to be at any image.
Would it be wrong to edit the creations I ask AI to make and post them? 🤔 I really wonder on the morality. It is still my idea, it’s just someone else’s art. You hit it on the had though Niko, very tough to discern what the correct process is for AI art to be put out into the world.
Let’s hope so
Matthew Patrick brought me here to understand on just how Modern Analog / Digital Horror.   But now seeing the reference on just how scary those modern horror Genres become with AI generated pictures, well... damn.   I am extremely impressed with this tool.
It’s crazy how many people who could never create or have any talent of their own are all for this because they get to see people who have skills that they envy suffer lol
Art is done by a human. There are no two ways about it. Anything else is just algorithms and programming doing what it’s supposed to to generate what it’s told to and feels soulless and lazy. It makes a cool image sure, but it is not art. The value, appreciation and fascination in art is the fact it came from another human who devoted their hand and heart at making something that many people can’t, and are good at it. Years of practice and hours upon hours of work to make a piece that people can look at and see something new every time they do and take in every detail. There is none of that with a computer and knowing the image you get is from some words anyone can type and a press of a button. For that reason ai will never be as impressive or be considered the “best artist” or art period, because at the end of the day, it took no talent, skill or practice. The very definition of art is as follows, “the expression or application of HUMAN creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture, producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power.” There is no substitute for human hands in the field of art.
This is so sad.... The ultimate tool for making even the most human thing making us even more useless and bored... and people is happy about it
=-D
I personally HATE this kind of development. It steals the bread away from people who spent years of their lives learning this craft by an inch of a button. it devalues their work as appearantly now it can just be made with the press of a button. Companies will now no longer want to hire actual artists since this is way cheaper and faster.  And each time an actual artist produces a work he will now face the next question: did you REALLY make this, or did you just press a button?  This kind of application is a hateful atrocity and will ruin so many lives, hopes and aspirations.
I love how Sam had a list in his mind lined up of characters he knew he had to portray :D
EXCELLENT content
I love how we create ourselves out of careers and solutions by creating a solution at everyones fingertips that kills by the hour jobs and gives more power to the tyrants to make outsourcing obsolete. A.I. Has created the mass disruption I feared it would.
Great, interesting tech. clean your pheripherals. or stop doing close up shots of dirty keyboards and mice. :o  Keep on rocking.
If it's possible for it to look this good, I feel like anything is possible. 10 or 20 years from now, people might be able to make full-length movies with actors who are long since dead, speaking in their own voices and completely out of the uncanny valley.
👋🏾  3:09💀
6:27 I'm blown away
That was a lot of fun, great video 👍
wheres the intern?
Amazin
Soooo… when will the public have access to this?
All the "Wizards of the Coast" artists just got a heart attack.
_UNREAL_
What amazes me most is how sci-fi we thought this was a few years ago. The scene in I, Robot where Sunny draws his dream of him standing on the hill as a free robot was something that we imagined was so many years away
Imagine doing fake news with this. "Obama beating up a baby". The future is gonna be great /s
I think in less than 5 years, we will just go on Netflix and type what kind of film we want, what genre, with who, where, when, in the style of and so on... and just watch an all A.I designed movie \o/
How did you get the ai to recognize your friends outside of taking pictures to feed to it??
I love how AI fcks up the number of pointy ears on Barman. I guess it is the same as the “finger problem”
This should be regulated man😅
what if you imported 3D assets at multiple angles like spacesuits and so on??
is it expensive?
OMG how do i do this???....
Don't believe but it really worked
It's my second time watching and I'm still excited about these images you've created. Note:  I think the story could have felt more like a classic story that has been illustrated as opposed to more of a description of the images.
4:23 - "I'm not blown away yet."  I'm sorry, WHAT??
i never saw the day that my favorite team supports ai "art"
Oh yeah <3 thanks to blender and stability for this free things we need more people like them in this world
The way I see it AI is creating art in a similar way human artists create art, in the end the mind of an artist is composed of a "library" of all the things he has seen, he is mashing it together intelligently into something new and coherent. Same with the machine, it's just taking all what it has "seen" and creating something new. Sure there are differences and definitely the human mind is more creative, for example it can create new art styles, I guess it's the advantage of having emotions along with the intelligence. But still, I don't think the process itself is too different from man and machine.
10:56
Amazing inspiration and thank you so much for the wise words of consideration at the end. Many artists have very mixed feelings, however, I think this is more than a game changer. It is going to help us all imagine and realize so many more possibilities while celebrating things as well. Giving fair credit like mixed media. AI should be credited as well as the references especially like you said right out of the box without taking it as inspiration and making it your own. It is still very much a collaboration. I love this. I think it will help artists and non artists learn so much more we may have never considered.
How does AI make media and art better?
Now I want to know if it can then be pushed through another AI filter that turns images into 3D files... and brought into Unity to create some really awesome VRCHAT avatars. That would be incredible.
4:07 is the Batman I want to see in the movies!
I'm so glad I chose writing fiction over drawing stuff or CGI - seems like I have at least 5-10 years more of career before AI kills it too since it struggles with writing coherent text over a paragraph long, let alone describing character development and psyche properly. Hope by the time the imminent end comes I will be able to invest in real estate and not die from starvation, cause with all this technical progress investing into education isn't the best choice anymore.
Niko needs to clean his mouse... DISGUSTENG!
Fascinating!
It should be coded where the source references are. Even public images that have no copyright should have copyright in them. You can make a watermark that is practically invisible by slightly changing the color value. If there was an industry standard perhaps there would be a way to subtract values to find the source or embed it in the meta data?
13:19 Take my strong hand
Now as I see, These tools are gonna help artist alot with making anything!  I've always been skeptical about this whole "A.I Drawing", but nonetheless,  it's made by humans and are controlled by humans...     Maybe...
Where's Wren?
Its not the death of VFX or of concept artists.
I don’t know who Steve is
Greg Rutkowski was interviewed about AI art in an article on Artnet just a week or so before this video was released. He wasn't too fond of people using his name as a prompt. For sound reasons.  I just hope this video didn't make things worse for Greg. He is a very skilled artist and deserves a lot of respect for his personal work. It is truly inspirational.
This is another tool in the box, a tool that enables A LOT more people to create content, all those creative people without the skills to draw something themselves just got enabled to make entire comics and movies, even children can make realistic art now, the creative world will change
I really do not like were all this is going.. Besides the fact the 99% of people will simply be ripping other people's art and abilities for themselves (AS mentioned in these comments they already are doing that). It will not be long now until real and fake videos will be indistinguishable. Think about the real life implications of that! It is NEVER good when you do not have the ability to distinguish truth and reality from make believe. Humans have a terrible habit of developing "tools" without thinking about how that tool might effect society down the road. Everything is about advancing and moving faster. No thought on the repercussions.
They coulld have citations in the metadata of the picture. And if you're a nice person you can post the images with citations
"Adding more data risks the stability of the entire thing".... so true for AI. Even the basic AI I make. Programming in general really.
Here at 1,811,229 views.
Guys please what's the song that starts to play at 12:28
All people here scared of AI. But the only reason it works because it uses art of talented human artists.
god bless u xdd
This video alone powered my dopamine supply for the entire week. THE STORY WAS AWESOME AND I WAS CRACKING UPP EVERY 5 SECONDS!!! THANKS FOR ALL THAT YALL DO!!!
Glad they took just one minute at the end to tell everyone not to do the thing they just made money doing.
great final commentary to a great video huge thanks to cd & team. inspirational work much appreciated.
This is literally amazing. I'm working on a comic book rn, and having a bit of a hard time visualizing the scenery and landscapes in a more visually interesting way. But then I tried one of these AI, asking it to paint one of my scenes from the story. And the results were incredible! So I'm gonna be using these AI to make my comic's concept art, and make my life a bit easier. Of course, the comic will still be hand-drawn, but now I can have more visually interesting places in it thanks to this. It's so awesome!
"AI turk err jerrbs!"  - Concept Artists
Don’t get me wrong, I love your channel’s content but you guys are fooling a lot of people into thinking that this is possible with DreamBooth. People who have used the program know that you cannot produce these images with this program alone. But I’d love to be proven wrong.
I just want to say how absolutly fantastic it is, that you provided that source links in your video infos. They are a great starting point to try it out for yourself. Thank you!
As an artist, i gust lost hope in my career 😢
Can someone suggest best ai generator free one??
This is something Copyright lawyers and Courts have already commented on:  AI-generated art *CAN NOT* be Copyrighted. You can say "I generated this," but you legally can't even say "this is mine."
This is so scary... 😵‍💫
Once this ai generative art becomes super refined thing. Pipelines for production are going to be sped up massively. Concept artists wont need to spend hours on top of hours sketching stuff. They can just type in the inputs and edit what comes out of the outputs to their liking.
just a few days later and now it can do videos.
Hey, interesting enough, what were the settings used to get this level of detail? looks like the guidance_scale and the num_inference_steps where quite high.
So could you take a story without illustrations and have the AI create them?
Future captures: Please draw a hand to prove you are not a robot.
Corridor Crew,  You should look into Sony's TV's XBR processing's chips, e.g. X1 Cognitive, Extreme, and Ultimate chips and learn how they process and machine learn objects for greater realism and fidelity as visual effects artists; this is especially within the realm of AI learning. I prefer Sony TV's because of their philosophical approach to displays, and in addition to that, they're the only display manufacture that has industries in both film, Sony and Colombia Pictures, and displays.
WAIT WAIT WAIT!!! look at the highway and do you see something off?  YES correct the cars are going backwards! 10:30
Photoshop didn't kill the creativity, shifted and expanded... New artists will grow to unimaginable new levels with that!
Clean your peripherals guys xd
I hate that you can enter an artists name and it spits out something in their style, it feels morally wrong in every way, especially considering that artist has probably spent years refining their style and craft. thousands of hours practicing to get the results they want, just for someone to type "big castle [artists name]" and call it their own. I hate it, I hate it all
The real problem is, AI prompters (Almost everyone who uses AI) are calling themselves artists... And many people consider them...   Real artists are falling from cliff edge of earning, respect and recognition which is very sad...  Sorry for bad english.
Finally AI will suggest me some good hairstyles
you took my future job of being animator
Wow, so cool!
ya this looks like the death of vfx... that cold and funny response
Please react on brahmastra movie VFX Bollywood
GREAT SCOTT!!!
It's official art is dead IA has taken over. I felt this hit a few weeks ago when I spent a ton of time making a portrait of my dog and noone beleived that I drew it because I could have gotten the same if not better result using a filter on photo shop lol so lame.
We are DOOM! I don't know in US or Europe, but here in Latin America is too normal to find ''designers'' or ''illustrators'', ''animator'', etc, ya just take presets stuff, templates, or any kind of stuff done already and sell it as their own, and cheaper price, so imagine with AI... I do Caricatures for living and I have had hear people telling me that my work doesn't count because is digital, with this technology, would be worse.
Did they write up their parameter choices or describe their regularization dataset? They are producing faces that are much better than anything I've been able to produce
So, this is was actually one of the reasons why I stopped working with design and art years ago, I always conceptualized how A.I. would extinct small artists and Im glad I made the right choise and got into I.T. so I can be the one making and maintaining those A.I. XD
No point talking about moral implications, boardroom executives have a way to replace us, game over!
Once this becomes an application on mobile phones it’s over
Where is Steve?
@corridor crew. I wonder what you'll do once you realize that there's new AI out there that can make real animated videos using prompts.
damm wow!!
There will probably be a lot of legal and ethical issue in the future around this AI. Many artists do not want their name in the prompt and do not allow to use their arts to feed to AI.
AI generators won't kill art any more than photography did.  Once photography was invented, people wondered if painting had become pointless.  Up to that point, artists were seeking ever more realistic techniques.  Against the perfect realism of photography, artists had to (had the freedom to?) pivot and invent new styles and techniques: impressionism, abstract expressionism, non-representational forms.  Now that an artist can use AI to shortcut a process that used to take HOURS, they're freed up to do OTHER THINGS, and this means there's a major shift and creative explosion on the way.  Your creation experience in this very video proves my point: you were able to focus on story, personalization, and connection with your audience, delivering a high quality outcome in a fraction of the time.
sam looks like the hevey from tf2
How soon can this generate complete 3d models. Heck generate a 3d full scene and animation that could be opened in Blender to refine
How many pictures of Sam did you use?
Very good summary at the end.
Great content, super gimmicky form. Just give us info. Don't care for the jokes.
It's not the death of VFX or concept artists
As an artist, the end gave me a lot of piece of mind because in the end, the software is amazing, but just recycled old art and combined it with words. True original art is still for us make. I got very worried for a second
super rad, but the capital one insert is hilarious!
13:05 poor horse has a flattened mouth ;)
thanks BRo
What happens now to the craftsmanship, the skill and human thought, imagination and ingenuity that goes into creating unique and beautiful art that inspires when a machine can now churn these out in mere seconds? Excited and somehow also sad at the same time after watching. 🤔
🚨👵 So, now you can make a full feature Tarantino-like movie in under 5min of prompting. Oh, and while you do that- your grandma is also working on her Tarantino movie. And all of the sudden everyone is Tarantino! The market is flooded with Tarantino-esque movies cause you detached real skill from result. How do you think we will react as a society? You'll be a zombie. Numb to anything new coming out as you've seen it all. Nothing can excite you anymore. Anyone can create the Mona Lisa, so no one gives a sh*t about seeing the original one in Paris. Numb society with over-saturated market.
⚠️🤔 So it's exciting to create imagery you just couldn't do yourself till now. But, lemme ask you, do you think you'll be proud of your work? And feel connected to it when you present your A.I work to your friends or clients? You know it's not really you who created that, but that ugly, faulty drawing you created yourself back in 2019- it's all you. Meaning, A.I will create a new generation of artists that are detached from their on creation. Because it's not really theirs, and no real skill was utilized. They didn't 'walk the walk' and climbed that mountain to get there. They were just teleported to the final result, to that top of the mountain by feeding a prompt. And metaphorically speaking, when you recall that great trip you did walking up that mountain- what do you tell your friends about? Do you talk about the top of the mountain constantly? Or the actual road, journey, hurdles you went through to get there? Now imagine you eliminate the journey and exploration from your art & creation.
But now the ai can make short movies. And then the Ai will be able to make your own film. And then the ai will be able to make an interactive movie in 3d. And then the ai will be able to make an interactive game in VR based off your two line prompt and put anyone you like into that game. Next year is going to be sweeeet!
dude, this is so cool?!
This looks like so much fun… i want to try this!! Will my Asus Strix 3090 get me there?
Moral of the story, AI don't draw hands. Where good, where good brothers!
what happens if a artist licenses their style in ai art
For those wondering - this is NOT POSSIBLE WITH DREAMSTUDIO.  You must run the actual stable diffusion in either your local machine or in the cloud.
you people are terrible.
coming back to this video now after seeing what happened to the twitch artist that had their art stolen WHILE it was being made and finished it with with NovelAI and them claimed they used their AI art as a reference.  I don't think we are ready to use this ethically yet
may i know the name of the artist on your all prompt. i like it
How how how
Yooooooooo
Imagine a story book where your child is the main character like a princess or the super hero.
Please do a tutorial of how you made all those animated characters in the thumbnail
Woooooow!!!!!!
I don't know but guess you only locally train stable diffusion with your likenesses. If this is the case is it possible to add your training data in a way that if I type samgorski I'll get the likeness?  Excuse my ignorance but I'm not even sure if there's a "main training data" which could be updated .
Cool
a.i. making video where you kill someone - you land in jail
Because it’s October, can you do VFX in horror films?
What is the website for digital art ?
I'd love to use this for storyboarding, and thumbnails
Could you tell the settings to get such accurate translations? Like how many times did you input for the train steps and the resolution
the oblivion soundtrack @10:48
189$ tooth brush wtf based
Nerds 🤓👍😂
Trying to play around with Dream Studio, not Dream Booth. @corridorcrew, how long did it take you to make the picture of Sam laughing? Any specific specs you used to get the AI to generate a high quality image faster?
17:00 Cheating!
Is it really necessary to say "a photo of"? If the source image is a photo, then the so will the output be, correct?
Fan fiction is going to be so much bigger soon...
I’m glad Niko touched on the implications on the copyright side of things toward the end. The first thing I thought when seeing all these images in the same art style was “How would affect the artist whose style is being emulated?” I’m not sure how it should be handled, but I’d personally be inclined to reach out to the artist and ask them for permission and/or to buy the rights for publicly using an AI generated image with credit to the artist for their art style and a disclaimer that the piece was AI generated. It’s essentially a cheaper version of a commissioned artwork, so a licence fee like that would be an interesting thing for the artists to consider. Incredibly hard to police though, as you obviously didn’t actually create the final AI-generated artwork in question, so where does the artstyle end and the AI begin 🤔.
Someone PLEASE make a tutorial on how to do this
honestly i am scared, I am a 2d/3d animation student finding this out freak me out a bit on if i will be able to have a job or retain it. I have a feel for the others as well, the concept artists, character designers, storyboard artist ect. When spend thousands on degrees and diplomas and years on the craft to develop our own style to make living or a name for our selves . What about us , those who haven't made it or have a job yet whos work can be taking within minutes by taking 10 of our images and never needed us again to replicate our style or artwork which took us years to master. I fear for students studying right now who taken it all to leap into art as a career and now its uncertain. I see alot of youtubers and artists especially artist youtubers  who made it big talk about how this revolutionary or joke about it in a funnier manner I mean come on man it's my future job, or  maybe it isn't , all I have is a pencil, pen, rubber and paper, my entire life that is my solace, epically when my dad died take that away from i have nothing and lose my purpose. Kind of not so funny or click for views when you take away another persons purpose as there path be it concept or background or animator. That's all i am saying just freaking me the hell out if i have a purpose or career for the future.
holy f^%$&&%*^(*
Ray was right! The singularity WAS NEAR! UPLOAD ME QUICK! Sorry you missed it, Dad!
Pure craziness! As an artist, it's pretty sad and interesting at the same time.
I kinda look at it as a google images search that can approximate results that don’t exist yet.  From that perspective I’d say we should consider it a form of copying. But for use as reference? Hell ya.
Could you use this to make thousands of sample photos for a deep fake with just 10 photos
Can you run this in the cloud if you don't have a powerful Nvidia GPU?
Love you guys, but joking about stealing an artist's style.... Doesn't fit with my vibe. Unsubscribed :(
Very soon digital art will be worth nothing. NOt because it will be better than human artists, but because the majority of clients will be satisfied with the price/result ratio. And when AI learns how to use pencil and oil paints - the human artists will follow the digital ones.
3-4 years ago, the AI in this same field wouldn't be able to produce a fraction of this quality.   Things are getting fast at an insane speed.
dead of illustrator's work, maybe. death of vfx,i don't think so. it still need far more tech, maybe in a couple more decades we can reach those level ,and when it happen cancel culture will be over. i can watch mission impossible with brat pitt's face and ryan reynold's  voice with arnorld scwarnezegger's accent just a few clicks,and with proper lip sync in any language i want.
😱 OMG
Can you react to "The Call - League of Legends"?
AI will be the death of the creative industry.
Lol Jordan "Is this a childrens book?"
This could be very helpful in the making of your Son of a Dungeon series.
this is not the end of VFX of course ! is the end of humanity
Thank you for your comments in the last couple of minutes. As a creator and owner of intellectual property (albeit not graphic art), this is a real concern. If what I do is unique, it has value. If anyone can type my name into some software and generate something which is identified by my style, the creative process has no value. I can see this simplifying the creation process to a point where real artists stop creating (either by choice or because they have to live and $15/hour at the burger joint pays more than devalued art). If that happens it will be a sad day because then there will be little or no original content - only copies of what has already been done.
Id call it art that AI made for me. It's not your art or anyone's. It's the art of an AI and it should get the credit.
May i ask how many input photos you used for 1 person?
This reminds me of the prescient storyline from the movie Millennial Man... Andrew (played brilliantly by Robin Williams) was a robot who discovered he was an artist.  He earned a fortune as a world famous artist, long before he blurred the lines between man and machine.  Seems like we're blurring lines here in the Real World... but what is real anymore, anyway?
I love to ponder over how we thought AI would be logical and non-artistic. Now we find the first steps of AI are racist, judgemental and now artistic..
I love the results but if art is an intimate creation then ai art feels like the death of human creativity.
Don’t worry, uncanny valley samgorski.asset isn’t real, it can’t hurt you
How tf does this demonstrate ANYTHIN to do with VFX?@?? This was more like digital portrait/concept art. Nothin to do with vfx...
Any of y'all think about building custom mechanical keyboards?
This makes me feel a bit better about these AI programs, watching someone use them like this was nice, it let me know that creative minds will utilize these tools properly.
Yup... real artists might need to learn a new skill. This AI shit is about to take over.
y'all should've done some unsc space Marines or something that would've been epic
Can Dreambooth work with Dreamstudio Beta?
How could you not do one as kakarot, Frieza, or krillin from dbz
that tech is insane.. how possible
Technology= Magic
There is a legal issue on prompting Artists styles while they still hold on
The sad part of all this is that none of the artists that are used as references will even have any benefit from all this. Using the work of others to fill this program with information, without even paying the real creators, makes me realize that there should already be tools that controls this kind of program and what they can use or not to be feed with.
This could be the future of faking celebrity moments... it has the potential to be awful, anything from making someone look bad to hyper realistic porn. I can see this becoming a huge problem in the near future
I’m sad and disappointed that the art community has been so crass and butthurt in response to AI art. There’s so much incredible potential to unlock but that progress is being countered by traditionalist who feel threatened by it. As if the evolution of art hasn’t been transformed by new technology thousands of times before.
in keeping with originality (by not typing another artist's name in the generator) would love to see more of these story-style videos...loved the concept and great video keep it up
Zitrillion years from now, probably. In today's video will learn how to create a concious Universe.🥴
Oh I absoluteley would love to try this out to get a cool profile pic for myself but as soon as I saw that you need at least a 3090 to try to run this it went straight out the window... Bummer that would have been really cool.
Niko's next video: "Using AI to make Velma a SUPER LESBIAN"
Why don't you develop a A.I. to create new optical illusions?
How to train AI on hands and fingers?
hey guys, great job. it's really insane how you worked that out. I especially like bringing up the moral questioning at the end. This is certainly a question that we all should ask ourselves. what makes adding something and how much to "my and new" work. I believe the important part is the discussion. I do not believe there is one answer or several simple ones. Did you ask Greg Rutkowski for his opinion? that would be interesting to hear
Play Dungeons and Dragons with it
1. We as individual citizens need to demand laws be passed that grant automatic and singular ownership over our own likenesses, voices, and metadata. to the point where Facecrook, $tube, Foogle, and etc have to pay you royalties or be barred from collecting and selling that data. Digital right to privacy even up unto the gov itself not being able to access a shred of it without a warrant. we need a Digital bill of rights.  2. Digital Artists must copy right even down to their very style if they can be said to have one. 3. VFX and animators must form a union to protect their jobs from reduction and abuse. Reduction in the sense that this tech will be used to cut out workers and increase a shameless corp bottom line at the expense of human wellbeing's cast into the abyss of joblessness.  If history has proven anything if there is a way for some rent seekers to cut out the human cost to shovel more meaningless bucks into their own pocket they will and won't think twice about it and will sociopathically mutter heartless nonsense like "well better go learn code then asshole"   What of freedom to follow your dreams and pursue a passion like art... ? at best maybe genuinely human made art will become worth alot more when it becomes woefully scarce...maybe.
This was the most epic demonstration of an incredibly powerful technology, wow! I'm so trying this myself.
So which model / site was used in this video? from brief monitor glance i can see there was a gui of sorts so i assume itwasnt just a simple github repo ?
Hard to believe it's not a hoax. Crazy.
I thought at first it was like it took random images from the internet and used a filter but then it started combining limbs together (like torso to torso) like some horror movie lol
Dudes this might be a bad idea
This is so cool, but as a huge art fan who follows alot of artists, i can also see the danger of it. The ways it can be used to effect artists jobs really scares me.
Imagine this in gaming, putting yourself into the story with such amazing art. Or even creating images of you, as your character, based on your actions  So, for example, you complete a quest that had a choice, and as you hand it in the computer generates an image that tells that story, and maybe that becomes a loading screen. Or art in your character's home  Or imagine an Age of Empires 2 style of story telling, but it generates you into the art. Maybe for when your character had a dream or something...  The ability to tell stories in open world games in the future is going to be bonkers. Adding so much flavor in an otherwise bland feeling world and story.
Death of VFX? More like death of art lololol😂
I've been talking about Voice to Video Ai being the death of Hollywood for several years now. I've seen this coming for sometime now. My prediction is the death of Hollywood by decentralizing the ability to tell a story through film media within 6-9 years, however with the recent influx of leaps and jumps I am now leaning closer to 6, and quite possibly as  soon as 4. We are in it's very infancy right now. I've spent thousands of hours listening, watching, reading, and thinking about futurism, the Technological Singularity, Disruptive Technologies, etc etc. People are insanely unaware of what is about to come. I am watching a car wreck in slow motion, and I am watching something amazing being built at the same time.
Incredible….it simply blows my brain!
This is going to be amazing for casting actors/actresses
That's OK AI. Many human artists struggle with hands too. Lol.
The SOP. THE SOP system is coming!
6:02 looks more like gta vice
Magnifique 😢!!! Love the 😅vibes and energy that you succeed to rise from this A.I madness ! Love the end notes about art stilling versus inspirational good spirit!! My gosh you push the conversation very high in the sky with all this cool 🎉😂😮mesmerizing kind of tutorial work in progress party !!!  Instant subscription to your Chanel !!! Thank you very much !!! Have a wonderful weekend!!!
What's the software or website?
Why didn't he include Wren😬?
5:30 that looks like Tom Hardy
If AI is generating these images, who will own the copyright?
There is no figuring out any of this. The way the world has become, it is pointless to even think people would have a speck of consideration for not plagiarising or appropriating something and there will be just too much of it to stop it. The only possible way is to limit access to this technology, but of course, that won't happen. This is the end of not just VFX but any plastic art as such.
Please make video on Adipurush teaser..plz plz
Hope you make a tutorial from installation of dreambooth app to how you inputted pictures into the system. Upto making outputs
Ai is just another spice added to the sausage. Our great grand parents were afraid the camera would make painting irrelevant but instead we use photo reference now to aid our paintings. This will make us as artists faster and more effective. It'll allow rapid prototyping and idea exploration. It's not the be all end all. Just the newest tool in the kit.
i think this is an incredible tool because you could make a lot of references for art and also could inspire more things like scenarios, shots, costumes..... it was incredible you being able to illustrate  an history just with this tool and a little photoshop. If we combine the best of AI and human talent, things would be awesome.
This is exactly what I was looking for the other day.  I wanted to add the linus tech tips meme face to people in midjourney to test the meme potential xD
for some reason the when it was showing the metal gear pictures of same, did all the guns look small or what that something else that i was confusing as guns.
Late to the comment section, but I'd expect to see the following on a museum label:  Title of Artwork (chosen by artist) Name of artist Generated by [AI Used]: [prompts given to the AI]  Instead of "oil on canvas" or "watercolor" the creator should use that space to show what inputs and inspiration generated the image.
Yeah and there it goes my profession down the pipes
EPIC STUFF !!!
so all artists are dead starting . . . .Now.???
I started using Stable Diffusion to create concept art and even some small assetts for a game im working on.
Is this all AI I can't believe how far we came
Culture should be a big part of the lives of all human being. Not only the talented. Sure the professionals deserves to be able to delve deeper but for a society to thrive it should not be reserved for the elite. The implications of this is to drastically revise the laws of intellectual property. It doesn’t gain humanity as it is. Without these limitations the human mind and creativity can be free
how does their pics come soo good looking and i get a completely half assed pic lmao 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
this is amazing
Ending was on a great note
NIKO, CLEAN YOUR KEYBOARD!! Maybe find a sponsor and then go around cleaning everyone's keyboard :):)
Is this the death of man?
Honey is better than capital one shopping change my mind
Ithing the ai shit is cool too, but this is start of skynet mannn
As an artist, I am convinced that I am possibly an A.I. coz I can't draw hands.
THIS!!!!!!!! I've been craving this for months as soon as I learned about ai art. Even though I still desire to learn how to draw beautiful and unique artwork, I now know I can create my stories and make gorgeous well-made pictures to go along with it. Heck I can even start making webtoons if I truly wanted to
I dont think this is funny. The idea of some geeks leaving people without jobs sounds awful. Hope they lose their jobs soon.
damn I was really hoping for a Squarespace sponsored segment,
10:30 - Agalloch - The Misshapen Steed.
Rip concept artist.
This gave me shivers down my spine. This is going to make story telling so much more streamline and easier for artists. This was simply amazing.
That horse snout when they’re showing Jordan’s character 😂
Just remember without existing artists AI would have nothing to draw on.
pls make a vfx react video on bollywood's latest movie BRAHMASTRA: PART 1 SHIVA
this story is worse than S8 GoT
Went to college with Sam, love to see him making his mark
thank you so much , it worked
they all got really nerdy toward the end, love it.
Thanks for the video corridor! Definitely peaked my interest and just finished setting it up. This is so sick!
i wish i can use that
Mind blown. I'd love to see you paint yourselves as WH40K characters with AI, lol
The homies all sat on the floor for story time. Truly adorable
Great artist is that artist, who can copy soo good, that he makes a new art.  This AI is the death sentence for middle and lower catagory artist. Only very few artist are going to be successful in future from scratch.
This is the best AI generator so far.
Soon we can feed it a movie script and voila , move made.
Great vid! I pissed my pants watching the story. Thanks a lot
What's the song that plays where Sam and Niko are shown as Big Boss?
Wow!!!
I wholeheartedly believe there's some hefty pre- and post-production involved here. And some actual artists.
soft rollout of Jordan joining the couch
13:05 horse doesnt look amused
Metal gear one is sooo good
Ai will never beat human art NEVER.
Interesting how the AI can seemingly draw the back of a fist pretty well, it just struggles with extended/seperated fingers or the palm.  Like with human artists, ALWAYS THE GODDAMN HANDS!
you know, as an artist, which have been my only interest for the past 20 years, this is actually making me a tiny bit depressed.
As amazing as it is, this kind of makes artists irrelevant and that sucks
finally found
You guys should react to doodlechaos AI generated music videos they are incredible. So much work between tracking and mapping  to 3D objects and perspective changes. It's honestly some of the most intensive AI work I've ever seen.
I would have tried sam as Hodor....
You should not be using models trained with unlicensed material.  The moral questions are not ambiguous, you just want a particular answer.
We gave up our social data for free so network effects allowed a handful of people to become billionaires and now we let them, for free AGAIN, take the corpus of human visual creativity that’s been digitized, representing hundreds of billions of hours of hard work, to train these systems.
As much as I think the tech is amazing and boggles the mind to think how insanely rapidly it has evolved and improved, I absolutely hate the direction it's been taken from what we've seen so far, and the depth of skills we will be losing this way.   As you've shown, this could straight up be an art-theft tool, making art referenced directly from their works completely without their permission. I personally do not view this manner of "art" creation anywhere near the same as how an artist would be inspired or take reference from another artist, as how they implement what they've learnt is still entirely based on the limits of the skill they've trained and honed, whereas the AI has nothing that could be equated skill. The skill in crafting and honing the AI itself is indisputable, but what it creates? Vapid.  Hell, take what's happening on that cesspool called Twitter right now, and all these self-righteous, talentless money-grubbing scumbags that think them tweaking an image in an AI generation tool for an hour and a half equates to anywhere in the same galaxy cluster of skill it takes to make a piece even half that visual fidelity, and known grifters and art-thieves now pretending they're more valid for using it. The masses can NEVER be expected to use anything this powerful responsibly and morally. NEVER.  If the art industry relies on crap like this in the near future and the whole outlook on the artistic landscape changes with it, skilled masters like Kim Jung Gi would never get any recognition for the skill they so rightfully deserve. RIP, legend.
had to drop a like after he gave the ethical speech at the end to not just copy and declase it as my own art
The endless promotions are a downer.
So how many years away are we from video? Because I can think of another industry that is gonna go under. And it ain’t Hollywood.
That's how art dies. With thunderous applause.
Oh that looks incredible
That message at the end, YES!  Thank you for putting that out there.
6:39 Ah yes Yoji. We took your art style without permission and made another with it. Basically what the A.I. mindlessly does; taking without permission what artists created after years of practices and many other physical and psychological struggles to succeed and being recognized among all of them. I'm sorry, but I feel using A.I. is like spitting and their face and saying "Oh, y'all did this since ages? It's amazing yes yes. Now we don't need you anymore so get lost, we have businesses to run".  Creation will be soon dead and obsolete since everyone will be able to do it. This is absolutely mindf*cked.  Congrats humanity. You even failed art which is for me humanity.  *Edit: I some of you actually use AI for your business in the comment section. Wow congratulation. You just proved you choose to put people financially in danger for your own interest. You must be proud of yourselves.
so only dudes in whatever it is you do? is it like FORBIDDEN for girls, like in Iran, or just accidental?
if everyone could make a movie and animation with AI in the future, what will be so special about it,
This stuff is crazy
Very well said niko
All I'm thinking now is what's gonna happen in 2030.
Niko, What would you say is the sweetspot for training iterations? 1000 seems too intense as all of my prompts lead towards the training images
It's pretty significant. When there are no elements of original art in it, just an apt reproduction of the style, there is no copyright issue. It's just a potent tool that says I can do what you do.
Anybody got a link so we can try even just the standard image ai generator? Android or computer app or website?
E
Amazing but spoopy
Coop
I always wanted to do my own comic, but though I can draw i never Had the time do all the images for a Long Story. Now that seems much more achievable
Uh oh, there goes the job market.  You guys might not be so happy in a year or two...Just saying
They need to make stories based on D&D using this tech.
whats the ai used?
What do you call the children’s book genre? It is considered a picture book?  The phrase "picture book" is commonly used to describe a book, most often written for children, in which the content is conveyed through the use of words and pictures in combination or through pictures alone  Cause that is what he made. A Picture book, but for adults, like a graphic novel + picture book format  So what is the genre of making a book, with one picture per page, and text under the picture?
Blown away 😊
You train  so well! It's like you comprehend my tempo...
Sam actually looks awesome as Big Boss.
Tony Starks Jarvis doesn’t seem so novel anymore
(Starts building bunker) AI is going to be critical in helping us make the new economy more cost effective. Hopefully it can speed up preproduction
Now you have your portraits, are you going to animate them? Surely you have face rigging software, and body rigging.
I don't think there's anything to cheer about Ai devs taking the hard work of millions of artists to create a program with the purpose of putting those same artists out of their jobs. Greg Rutkowski worked his entire life building his skill to to gegt to where he is now, and now companies will use AI internally to create images in his style, without him getting the jobs he would've gotten, and having a much harder time to live off of it - perhaps impossible in the future. Nothing about this is ethical.
The reality of AI is that with everyone having it at their disposal, only a VERY small handful will be able to live off of it, while the others will be working service jobs. In place of people getting to live out their passion, far more will come home exhausted from McDonalds or whatnot to play around a little with AI.
I have a feeling ALL the CC members have new profile pictures now 😂
Maybe teaching AI art at this early stage is a good thing. When the singularity and uprising happens, maybe they will value human artistic contributions to beauty and art, and at least let us live in prison farms instead of annihilating is.😅
WAKE UP!!  Everything Ai and robots touch will become commodified. We cant let a single corporation or entity control the AI or we'll all become slaves to AI
insane :O i'm impressed
Such an awesome vid, Niko I love your approach to this whole new frontier. Heck, your approach to creative energy and this crazy industry we call film is a port in a storm when burn out looms just one shot away. Thank you.
It was this time last year when we all still agreed that computers couldn't make art because it wouldn't have the artistic feel of a real artist. It's just be images blended together.  Oh well, guess that's yesterday's news.
I love the rule of YouTube videos. If there is a question posed in the title or thumbnail the answer is NO.
Hi, corridor crew can you review Adipurush teaser, which is been  trolled all over social media for its poor VFX.also can you make it look better.
To me, the moral implications don't matter anymore because pandora's box has already been opened. You either take advantage of these tools and thrive, or you don't and get outcompeted.
You just made yourself so many original profile pics
so you can make a webtoon/web-comic with no real artist?
This makes finding actors perfect for certain roles a lot easier. Just type their name and the role you want them in, add in a few other people and tada - you got your test. Also, D&D sessions are going to get a lot more vivid.
I downloaded it and holy crap this is the most amazing program I've ever seen
picture speaks million of words so is a Sentence yield millions of pixels.
I love the cheers in a way... I love seeing progress in tech... I absolutely loath seeing the future of crushed souls and dreams of artists. This is where it slides to. An extreme excitement and honest pleasure of holy crap, "we can do THIS now with THIS little effort..." The death and destruction of man made art as the skeletons our hero (AI) pressing its poorly formed giraffe like hooves upon each sliver of digital fossils. I hope it at least takes another 20years or more for this tale to take hold.... i'll still only be in my 50 somethings.... yet, i give it another 5.  "Slap it on a lunch box and BAM! we're selling it and selling it" - Ian Malcom
What all creative people should fear is not the AI but the penny pinching producers that will inevitabbly see this as end in itself rather than the start of the creative work.
Greg - now the worlds most famous artist!
The copyright rule makers will have a tough future
AI will force humanity to decrease in population...just watch
Cmike 😭
Me as a 3D artist: *nervous laughter*
Imagine an open source AI
That was awesome
OK now turn into a dark souls boss
discord link is broken.  odds we get a new one plz and ty? would love to join
I followed the instructions for the build they are using at Corridor (AUTOMATIC1111’s version of Stable Diffusion) but near the very end I received an error and permission was denied in my command prompt. My soul is crushed.
Can we get more of this!?
Okay soo!! You guys have done a lotta stuff, and since your whole channel is around movies and filmography! Combine all ai voices, renders, photoshopping lighting, basically every ai or non human trick in the book and actually make and release a full movie (even if short) (maybe even try writing the story with ai it'd be whack!)
Deep down!! We're all just children still waiting to be gathered together and told funn valoric children's stories ✌🏻
Nikos talk at the end is that of a true artist for sure. Respect others work and let people know of them and create and inspire your own.
Do one of samgorski as thanos
Is this the death of VFX?  Yes it is.
AI could create non repetitive levels for games without much resources. Open world could be filled with floura and fauna.
AI can't do fingers. Good to know it's not just humans that find hands HARD to draw.
Great video! Super fun way to introduce this technology.  I think the ethics are very interesting, to have a style be replicated by a machine is like next level forgery… and it’s only gonna get better from here. I wonder if one day there will be software or encryption that will detect when it’s a certain persons style, and if they’ll be able to copyright a look, or a method. But then it becomes harder to make Awesome things inspired by great art… what an interesting frontier in deed.
this was one of the top 5 best videos you guys ever crafted, thank you so much for all of this.
What I need is a way to use the characters I design with AI in different poses and configurations to fit a narrative, to create scenes for comics or even short films. What I need is ways to produce stories without having to be rich or got born in a first world country or live in the meca of entertainment.
audio books become - graphic novels with narration?
THIS IS INSANE!!!
I was waiting for the, this is all a joke jk moment. Like those batman photos were nuts
I think this creates a whole new genre of art. From now on we have to differentiate between "A.I. art" and "human art" so we can still hold art to a certain standard and make sure real creativity remains intact. Typing a description in a box doesn't make a person any more of an artist than someone that commissions work from a painter.
The death of the pleasure from the work of your hands. Be careful future generations.
pls tell me how to use this. somebody <3
"commander price" sam please my brother in christ
It's not the death, it's the great expansion.
This is really scary in a way…and making me nervous about jobs being taken away from Commission Artists…I know as of right now a lot of my friends already are going AI generated images for their characters now versus going to commission artists like they used to.
How will it differ in making art than we as humans do in the next 10-20 years? We all create art through our senses and put our own spin on it.    The ai is just much more direct about this, for example some images will have a blurry and cluttered watermark visible. People immediately assume this is the ai stealing a piece of work but I think it just gathers data on so many images with watermarks it doesn't understand its purpose and just tries to recreate that. The only thing keeping this from seeming more authentic is a lack of sentience and who knows how long it will take before AI is sentient.
sick I watch your channel and consistently turn the knowledge into solutions for my clients... you guys are literally training an entire generation of VFX wizards.
Yes, this has the potential to cheapen art as a whole. True uniqueness will not exist nor matter, nor have deeper meaning beyond the pixels generated
As an artist i feel kinda replaced now
A foretelling of CC's and Art/SFX's replacement and not even knowing it?
okay but like what are the ethical implications regarding porn and infinite deepfakes.
Awesome work! But you needing to go in and replace faces shows AI isnt there yet...yet.
Efiin Epic!!!!! You guys rock!!! Keep deep diving into the craft...I am an artist and I am both shook and inspired at the same time!
"AI can't draw hands" Me Neither AI... Me neither.
I think that in a few years we are going to be able to wear Vr,gather a bunch of friends,and get into an AI generated fantasy world where we can generate our own characters,and immerse into a fully realistic Ai generated world.Looking forward to the good side of technology
we're in trouble
What AI software is that?
Please make a deforum video next, to make your story truly come alive
I hate this so much I wish we had a nuclear war that wiped us out to the last ape.
Can this be used as a nft tool?
where is wren in the story?
This is the best thing I've seen all day! SO EPIC! :)
The problems that i see with AI generated Art : •Decreases creativity, people who loves to create awesome things using only their minds will decrease . •no company will further need art designer, concept designer , creative designers, or painters when u can just generate all these in just one click •your identity can easily be misused , like making fake ids, faking of person identity would become easy
I was so impressed and amazed that I just stood still.
Dangerous technology. Looking forward to see how many lives will be ruined because of someone's personal vendetta. But as a visual artist myself I have to agree it is kinda cool ! 😆😂
Do people whose images were used as a training source happen to be given royalties (1-time royalties) or have they been ripped off? If you download the classical Bach compositions and use it for training, ok, but what if You use living artists /composers works? I see it as gray area like cryptocurrencies currently are, with no legislation to cover it. It will be solved out.
I really like AI art, but I do not take credit for any of it. Technically the ones who should is the programmers involved with making such a breakthrough. And to give credit to the likeness of a art style that you borrow from. Free form and highly flexible with both obscurity and cohesiveness, just depending on your tastes of what you want to see from it.
That's so dangerous and creepy. Thousands will loose their job very soon. Humanity should stop.
We just discovered we are in a simulation and accessing another sim. Their sim does the work slowly in their real time, and we perceive it as instant. Just like the levels above us have us slave away until we give results "instantly" to them. Sims are motivated to do whats asked in various ways. 😎😝😜🤓
...so you could take say, an og Flintstone's cartoon and make it look like Frozen 2 lvl quality, with enough render pwr & a lil time, bc video, not stills as shown above. Oof.   ..did you ask the AI to 'paint' the Mona Lisa? ..or Van Gogh's, Starry Night? 🤔😧
How could I do this with my own family's photos? Could you do a tutorial? I'd really like to try this and make some stuff for presents.
ai sucks at specific quantities, digits and physically drawing numbers and deep contexts
can someone tell me the ful tutorial... i mean how to use our pictures?
... _no one can draw hands_ .. Jack Dawson enters the chat!  🎨👧🤚🧊🚢
Why do I feel like I'm watching a Grian video?
AI image generators are just that, image generators. It is not art… yet. Until AI gain sentience it is just generation, and these so called artist prompters are just glorified data entry workers. There is no technique, skill, or creation actually going on. Just image generating. Humanity will care about this difference, but capitalism won’t.
That’s crazy when AI can’t draw hands because my mom also paints and sketches and she told me once that most of the artist, hands are the hardest to draw.. RIP mom iloveyou 😘
I want to do this so badly just to make cool pictures of myself lol
10:20 dusty and crusty!
why was wren not in the story
Very bummed that even a 3080 isn’t enough :( Works for everything except training on a custom data set
GOOD 1
I watch this video right when it came out, now I am thinking... Wouldn't IA by a way to cheat on art contest now? D: Like... just drop it there and let the IA create it for you and since IA is kind of "all mighty" in art (except for hands) you just win
Just can't take away artists jobs, because it has to source from somewhere
*I NEED MORE!!!*
this is really crazy
how to set the image reference ?
TIL the version of Dreambooth + Stable Diffusion they are using was made by OG YouTuber MysteryGuitarMan!
Wanna know what I imagine an AI like this making movies tuning out to be.....? Love Death and Robots . And ai making randomized images or, in this case movies with the by typing a topic = Love Death and Robots episodes.
Okay so how do I do this to myself, I don't get how they did it?
Right when I start getting good at art SMH....
IMAGINE ALL THE PORN POSSIBILITIES
sam gorski as Thanos?
So, if I wanted to do this same thing, what hardware to meet minimum specs is required to do this? Just wondering how accessible this is.
Muchas gracias,  por compartir esta información.
still boring
honestly this scares me. its like why put any effort into art when AI can create something so beautiful in 10 seconds what would take an average artist hundreds of hours. whats worse is people think art is the only thing AI will come for. soon we will see tools like this in the music field too where you can create entire beats in 10 seconds by just generating a prompt.  every creative field will soon go this way if it isnt regulated. people who dont think it wont, us artists thought ai wouldnt be able to do this stuff 5 years ago. now look where we are. if you work in the creative field of any kind all our jobs are doomed within the next 10 years
The least thing people should do is being honest. Make clear that you used AI and name the artist that „inspired“ you.
As soon as he said the kingdom of Larion I fucking knew 😭😂 he used AI dungeon for the script too?
Sam Gorski!  Prepare to be memed.
Really loved this one! Such a great idea to involve the whole crew in a story and show each of their reactions. Keep it up guys wishing you all the best going forward 🙏
17:25 🤯 17:31 🤯✨
I really loved your advice at the end...
The horse on 13:04 😂
As someone that has played around with Midjourney a ton and had the same desire to use a constistent character or insert my likeness/others likenesses into prompts, but obviously struggled. I saw this and immediately wanted to run it, I believe I had heard you mention something briefly (a name of the project maybe) at the start and thought that would be it. I checked the description expecting maybe a mention/link at most, but you actually put incredible effort into compiling everything and sharing your knowledge. Just wanted to say thank you, and acknowledge how helpful and clearly passionate/for the AI gen scene you are. Also, the comments about sharing, learning, and collaborating with each other in such a new field in the spirit of pushing it forward I really appreciated.
As an artist am feeling insecure about this💀
Thank you man for sharing this stuff
Why is it all men? Why don’t women work there?
Does this just create images, or also 3d-models (.dxf, .stl, ...)?
utter wizardry. I think Elon is aware of this, mentioning this on AI day.  It was just a few months ago I learned about this but it was not this good.
sam if you dislike the fact of targeted ads searching you than everytime you see a shitty ad that enoys you click on the hyperlink scroll around a little bit and exit do this every time you see it there fore they keep wasting there advertising money specifically on you and you won't buy anything
This was awesome to watch and the message in the end if a very reasonable one!
13:04 uncanny horse, extra long face
When do we get AIs to replace bankers and CEOs
I don't like it.
Amazing tech, maybe one day it will work for women too
Please put a beta so we can upload our pictures 😭😭😭😭
A soulless counterfeit art machine cheats the very people who created the styles we love out of the careers they earned by effectively painting like them, but faster.  Here's hoping a solar flare destroys digital technology globally and sets us back 100 years.
Greed ruins everything.
Thie episode blew my mind ................. just wow .... !!!
I think Greg Rutkowski has stated that living artists should not be in image making ai.  shame you used his name in a prompt.
i love THIS
Amazing but somewhat alarming 😲
Samgorski as a Batman= Fatman
Bro the vision of Steve the Landlord arriving to save the day! That was so sick lol
love carpenter brut
If you traced an image, it would be dishonest to pretend that you didn’t trace anything, likewise, using an AI should be something that you acknowledge, especially when you are using a particular artist’s style.  But artists don’t own styles, and it’s totally fine to draw in another artist’s style without crediting them, because the art itself is made by you.  We take inspiration from so many sources, even we don’t know all of them.
A better tale than rings of power
We’re going to have whole AI movies In 5- 10 years. Just type in a mix of movies you’d like to see and see what story spits out at you
My favorite part is the closing remarks. 😍👍
I can’t believe this 😵
9:40
the future is here
2050: Teens can generate from their phone their own movie with them as main character within minutes with a simple prompt. All Hollywood studios now is in your pocket
I need that lmao
Does anyone know the song that plays at 0:17 onwards ?
What prompts did you use in the last part?
Loved this. Can’t wait to try it!
They forgot about Wren 😂
But how do you use yourself as a prompt? Is there any tutorial about that?  By the way awesome video
@Sam Gorski Remember the software you are using is open source and the data that is used to train the AI is open source as well, Apple and Facebook do not contribute in anyway to these open source projects which are available to the public. You are a public figure and your words carry weight, just a friendly reminder!  ... Also you look awesome as Big Boss!
If there's a way to make the AI remember models used, it's over
This will make R34 content next level
Mind blown.....
Professional movie and video game concept artists are sweating
Back in the day, there was a photoshopped picture that made the rounds of Sarah Palin in a red, white, and blue bikini with a giant gun.  The image was, like I said, photoshopped, but if you find people who remember it, I'm betting a lot of them will tell you they thought it was real, because it wasn't common knowledge at the time what could be done with photoshop.  This is going to amp that issue up to 11 because most people REALLY don't know what can be done with AI.  I'm guessing it'll hit the fan next election cycle.  Just please remind family and friends (and yourself) that everything can be faked these days, and things that FEEL true frequently aren't.  And to check and see how many fingers there are.
Good ideas for some merch guys
what prompts were used for the final story? how did you get that style?
The future is now! Or was it yesterday? 🤔
Corridoria
It honestly makes sense why effects artists and painters are on edge because this stuff is so hard to tell you could in some cases get away with claiming it as real paintings! Incredible!
This video is so cringe but damn that AI is EPIC!!!
A part of me kinda thinks I shouldn't have given that dude on fivver 60 dollars for 4 images a year ago but then he did honest work and I love them so I'm still glad I did it.
Scary!
Once it gets enough porn in its algorithm, no one is safe.
No good if you want something new.
AWESOME
18:29 Or at the very least, give credit to the artist that was used as a reference.
What happens if when mapping humanity to AI that marketers create an AI realistic profile of a person and create a false reality for AI generated people to test evil corporate advertisement schemes on them in perpetuity. Or something.
damn
This can be so dangerous, though. That means you can deepfake people doing things they wouldn’t do.
Greg Rutkowski: Keep my fxxking name out your prompts 😅
You'll soon be able to do this at home on your own PC.
Ad lib party
Sam as Thanos would be a good one
I checked this out and the fact they basically charge you commission for this is kind of a wild concept to me, they dont make the art, or even technically own any of the art it makes.
I sucessfully installed Stable Diffusion but dont know how to train/add images for Dreambooth. Anyhelp?
We are almost there... RIP illustrators/painters.
This is wizardry. I'm playing with SD since its premiere, but the ability to add a "custom character" into the model is something else entirely. Gotta check it out. Great video!
𝐂𝐀𝐑𝐏𝐄𝐍𝐓𝐄𝐑 𝐁𝐑𝐔𝐓!
Soon enough doctors could also be replaced by AI by just standing on some sort of machine and can diagnose your body and give you a cure/treatment.
Big boss blew my mind!
You guys should react to Jalex Rosa in your next vfx artists react
Pls do a vid on DR WHO for_____ reacts
Can I just point out how 11:40 just looks unbelievably like Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish from Game of Thrones, the likeness is so there
"Ai can't draw hands." Maybe It'll be good if they keep that thing that way, then it'd be easier for people to differentiate between Ai and Real Art.
Now the next step is making this work on any PCs, not just ones with beefy 3090s
Beardman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance)
It's insane! Man !! WOW!!! Batman is so cool with Sam Hairs )))) It's defenetily GAME CHANGER NOW ON AND FOREVER!
Is someone able to point me to some help or tutorials to enable this please? I am new to github and have no experience with python so I'd be starting from scratch but willing to learn!
That AI story would generally make a great movie. Could be a medieval Pirates of the Caribbean.
amazing! what's next?
I am curious as to what kinda data they have fed it. Also how much data.
One of the thing "useful" about AI is that IF you wanna put an actor in another role or even a picture in a style that of an known artist (that would probably never do such a illustration, at least not for cheap), in that sense... It works.
React to jalex rosa vids please 😀😀😀😀
I can't wait to continue the stories of my favorite animated movies like akira
Thank you Niko for a mind blowing video, it's definitely whetted my appetite to discover more about the power on AI and will certainly try dream studio👍- on the downside I think copyright lawyers are going to have a field day!
This opens a new way of story telling. Wow! I'm blown.
blew my mind !!
They're not kidding about the hardware. Github page suggests very high-end multiple thousand dollar GPUs. Though it says you might get away with a 3090.
I like it. I like this tec... I like you guys... I may be drinking ... But that does not change the fact I love you guys. Keep up the good shows. Loven that D and D show. And i I may say. You guys push the limits of the world of internet.
Where is wren in the story? Did nikko purposely decide not to include Wren? WTF?
This makes it waay easier for writers
Very impressed with what you all pulled of. Thanks for all the extra information to have a try myself (If I can afford the hardware 😁)  It woulds be nice if you could make a behind-the-scenes full explanation of one of the images. To say from start to end.  I think it takes a lot of prompt engineering to get to a picture. I presume you don't get the picture from just 1 line of text and the result is what you wanted.
This seems epic for storyboarding. I love it. Also!! Justice for Wren, we need to see him get some AI treatment!
how do you train it to personalize the images?
You know when u see an amazing Technlology and u get excited then as further it goes u acctually get Scared? yeah...
Welp,I read 1yrs ago every line of codes is taking a someone’s job away, now for good. Not to be a pessimist, but it’s time to adjust and adapt to ever changing reality.
Alt title: "My face is so generic that an AI can draw it in any style I tell it to"
You got all this fancy hardware and advanced software... and ... your mouse. Has. A. CORD. wat
Obviously, there are still inconsistensies between the model's generated armor and clothes as well as facial structures...But I'm still impressed.
Someone typing prompt isn't a artists, no matter how much they think so.
This tech will be a net negative for most people. Not everything needs to be replaced with ai.
These ai effectively use others art as uncredited references and that needs to stop.
The amount anthropomorphizing in these comments is disgusting.
So does it basically take a supercomputer to run this? Here are my specs, does anyone think I can run this? AMD Ryzen Threadripper 1920x 12 Core CPU EVGA RTX 3090 24GB GPU 64GB RAM Samsung T7 2TB SSD  Should this be all I need? I'm thinking my CPU is the bottleneck here, but if I just need to wait till I can build a $10K machine, then I'll wait.
To get kids into vfx, u could do a story time event but take quick photos of the kids and tell them an epic story with them in it. Would take 10 minutes and would last in their memories for a long time.
Free profile picture generation
Most real artists do not respect ai art.
This is beyond belief COOOOOOL
Why are you acting like 5 year olds? This is embarrassing.
Every time they said the name Jake, I skip forward 2 minutes. Anyone else?
Personally,  it would be nice if the tools would tag the results with its influences. In a certain future,  it would be nice if art generated to make money was somehow  licensed by the influences.  Or they received some bit of monetary compensation.  Its one thing to make a cool profile picture of you as your favorite character,  its something else to sell a product based on art generated based on someone elses ideas.
I'd love to see this with annotations of the text prompts used for each image, and maybe how many you rejected on each one. Awesome though.
Really digging the Carpenter Brut shirt 👌
Excellent exploration as always. As a concept and story artist of 30 years, I appreciate your epilogue about Greg Rutkowski and all the artists that have made this time we’re living in the concept design renaissance that it is. Another realm of human expertise has been commoditized, and as exciting as it is for everyone to see themselves through these filters that others have worked for decades to realize, just because technology does the stealing, it's still theft on an unprecedented scale.
wait jordan looks so bad ass
This is really scary to look at as an artist also It has me wondering if Ai is about steal all our jobs and leave us with nothing while being expected to patronize the products made with AI
I think the writing is on the wall for most artists working for commercial studios. Why employ people when you can get an algorithm to do the work, it will just boil down to money and increasing profit and return on investment. I guess everyone will have to become an art director directing the algorithm. It beggars belief to see people jumping up and down like crazy fools staring mindlessly at their professional demise! We have reached a stage where we are creating technology because we can, not because really we need it or want it. AI will if we the sheep allow it will replace most professionals in the majority of industries in the next decades. I guess as humans we can decide to celebrate human accomplishment whether it be artistic or otherwise or jump up and down like crazed morons in adoration at whatever the latest AI algorithm generates. The choice is ours at the end of the day, we are in control despite what others may tell us.
I loved the moral implications that were raised at the end. Man. That is going to live in my mind for a bit. Thanks guys!
AMAZING VIDEO!!!
Not an attorney, but based on my understanding from an online Harvard Copyright Law course certificate, I would argue that much of AI is 'derivative work' material, and some of it is subject to lawsuit from the original copyright owner of any work used to train the AI.  This would be especially evident when using the artist's name in the text.
Who else has this I need a new profile picture too
do fortnite samgorski
Guys, this is the most epic thing I’ve ever thought could happen to CG in foreseeable future 🤩🤩🤩 and it is now… wow!
...Metal Gear?
If you think AI can turn you into an artist, what do you think it will do to the powers of a real artist?
I might actually want to try this. Imagine the creative freedom it would give you.
They should've made sam as Thanos
I've been using AI art for my music. thats how I got my YouTube avatar.
Admit it or not, but this will put so many artists out of work, my recommendation is to get creative about other sources of income before it's too late, unless you're at the level of Greg Rutkowsky you will be in a world of hurtin' in a year or two, maybe even as little as 6 months or even less. As an artist myself this excites but also saddens me somewhat, a craft that took me 20+ years to perfect will now be replaced by robots.
AI is can be fun and creative for anyone even for artist, the issue is when this became a daily tool for the public. Digital art became cheaper and less interesting because everyone can do it. Just like everyone having the same TV set at home, only advance technology can keep art going and consumer cannot get their hand onto. Maybe hand traditional art makes a come back!
Curious to know why you never show the actual computer screen
This is insanely cool
A thousand questions, of course, but you went into my main question at the end. Is the AI using the actual art from artists work from the internet then imposing faces into it or, is it using the artists style? I certainly understand studying styles, they are doorways to parts of your own imagination and creativity, but wouldn't want to steal (moral description), or violate copywrite (legal description). I know it's the beginning but how to put your own stamp on it to tell your own story.
It's weird because art is objective. Artist can have similar " styles " so does that mean if two artist with similar styles draws a picture of the same scene or object belongs to one of them or is the minute maybe unnoticeable differences individualized the entire thing? It's just really tricky when it comes to art and from watching the video it does seem that there is a little effort going into putting together the image that you want. And almost begs the question does the style determine ownership or simply a specific image itself?
Casting directors can now use this to determine if an actor would be a good fit for an iconic role
Fantastic. A new, exciting tool for the artist in every one of us.
A.i turning creativity in to another soulless McJob.
This is absolutely mind-blowingly revolutionary!  An incredible tool enabling the telling of an incredible story featuring the most incredible Corridor Crew!
I'VE FIGURED IT OUT! All these days I've been wondering who Jake reminds me of. Jake reminds me of Tyler from dude perfect for some reason.
Until the artists that have their work churned into these generators are compensated for them, this is theft. These AIs aren’t pulling these images from Nothing as so many people seem to believe. Where do you think the detailed water came from? The style and the forms? The color and shading? Done by someone else who likely didn’t realize their artwork had been taken and used like this, who likely didn’t consent to it.  The last part of this video is incredibly important to say.
Such high res and awesome images! I also want to get a metal gear solid profile picture, and I would love to try this as well but looks like Dreambooth is too far for my reach (24 Gb of VRAM!!!!)
AI what's finger?
Blender tutorial pls
Thank you for the end bit, using this as a means to gain the image you want as a tool, not showcasing skills one does not possess. The tool can help you get to the image, it requires you to gain those skills to actually create the image yourself. Also, A.I ran into the infamous hand drawing conflict that humans had years to get better with, make it draw feet and hands and watch it smoke.
This is what it should be used for ,good and inspiration, just amazing
Hands aren't even hard to make
Sad to see artists disappear, not so much millionaire actors
at a minimum, the original artist should be acknowledged
working for today
Rutkowski himself has expressed his disdain at the fact that his style is being copied in works he had no part in, and believes it's dangerous to the welfare of real, human artists. I think there are going to have to be new legal regulations and definitions put in place to prevent AI copying a real artist's style in commercial contexts.
That is so damn beautiful
Wren's missing in the story!
i do not think about this AI art the way some others may. i see it as a collage, rather than a unique work. The AI is compiling already established data in the way that some one else might cut out bits of magazines, placing content together from different sources to generate a final image.  The result is not original art, it is the ultimate in derivation, or equally it could be considered art forgery.  Niko created a short story, and told the AI what he wanted for the illustrations. the credit goes to Niko for the story, and to the influence of the artist that Niko told the AI to copy from.  If AI ever becomes capable of truly independent thought, and decides for it self, "i want to paint" then what it paints will be it's own work, and should be respected as such.
Which tools did you use-wanna try :)
What kind of computer specs do you need to run these programs?
At first, its creepy!  Even if i am curious how i would look like in a music video as an  4-armed savaged aven cleric with 10 fingers on each hand  playing two string instruments living in a tranquil cove...
I love the fact you took "the kingdom of larion" a great reference!
Fantastic video!  And thank you for the afterword about the ethical implications of these tools. My wife is an illustrator, and the advent of AI art tools of this power is extremely disconcerting. Outside of gallery work, getting paid as an illustrator is often not easy, as many potential customers don't really understand the work and time that goes into it. I hope the conversation about ethical use of these and making the art they generate our own somehow continues to gain traction.
*death of Photoshop
From this point forward the most succesful artists will most likely be those who have embraced the AI and find a way it intergrate it into their own art/workflow.
The first laughing one was Triple H's deep laugh..very recogonizable 🤣 just an epic vid as always..cheers guys
Meta AI text to video just came out today.
That Pc Spec requirements tho
Better than Rings of power.
Death Of Creative Idea In Hollywood Thats For Sure., Been That Way For A few Years Now
When are you gonna talk about the visual masterpiece that is rings of power
How can I use my own pictures to generate this? Please someone tell me, I beg.
Dungeons and Dragons campaigns will never be the same.
THA FU%$@K!!! INSANE!
guys what model did you use for the generations? (asking for a friend) hahah
MIDJOURNY IS INSANELY GOOD , INSANELY GOOD
WELP !! just saw pretty solid proof it’s already entered into art competitions ruining peoples chances for winning stuff 😢🤬 just saw the voting finalists for Zack Snyder’s fan character creation competition for his next movie “Rebel Moon” for Netflix where the winners Art get created and put into the next movie which is awesome but almost all of the finalists “Artwork” are AI and some are being outed and criticized for it. Kinda glad I wasn’t even eligible to enter coz it not a US citizen coz I’d be pissed if I lost to someone who did no real work
The irony of using Greg Rutkowski as a reference considering his thoughts on the subject.
my brother is learning
Original concept artists are dead. Not that original artists can't make orginal designs and styles anymore, but the people that employ them are business people. Why pay hours of work if it can be done in seconds. Best thing artists can do is stop showing their art, what IA feeds upon, but how do they represent themselves then to find work? Because if they do, it's easily 'stolen' by IA. But even if artists would stop showing their work, it would take ages 'till the public gets bored with regurgetated art, 'till they become interesting again. It's a pickle.
Did you guys know Greg Rutkowski’s views on AI art before creating this video which clearly rips off his life long years of creative learning? If you did then this is extremely disrespectful and super low from you guys. If you didn’t then it’s just ignorant. I dunno, this video left a sour taste within me. Always loved your videos but I can see now, the lack of respect you have for artists. I feel sorry for Griffon, your awesome graphics artist who doesn’t get near enough credit for his work he does for you guys, yet you make a huge song and praise about a robot who I bet you feel creates better work than him. Very very sad.
Video request: I'd really like to know more about how this Stable Diffusion works?  Why does it makes PERFECT still images when even the best deepfakes have never looked perfect until now. Why has this quantum leap in technology seemed to come out of nowhere all of a sudden? Will deepfakes soon be perfect too? How long till we can make whole movies about anything?
Please share the settings you used on SD
Seriously guys all of your VFX and videos are great but have you tried watching one of your videos on a Tv ? The sound mix is bad...in this video the dialogue is so low..music is over the top..
This stuff is amazing, like magic, but I find it truly scary in many ways. Scary in terms of believing what you're seeing, where AI is heading, how fast things are changing, possibility for misuse, ethics, copyright, and even just the implications for my own career in graphics. So I find it comforting that you guys are covering this freaky stuff because you feel like friends!
Wow, Niko is Snake. Niko is Digital Snake!
It's just like dark magic. Waiting for the opportunity to receive an animated result )))
just wow.
There is a really fascinating and problematic conversation to be had about what this AI (and the like) can do in terms of ownership of art ( legally). Is an AI-generated art with key work Ratwoski with my face, mine or Ratwoskis? what is originality here and how far can AI change our understanding of it ( legally and socially). An AI is the one that generated it..but I facilitated it..and Ratwoski gave me the blueprint - so who 'owns' it if I decide to use it and sell it? the AI (unlikely, legally), me(maybe) or Ratwoski(ethically, probably)?  This is some really complicated legal and social question that has incredible ethical considerations about what is 'art'. what is 'ownership' and where does AI come in to mediate between 'human' imagination and life.
okay, okay, imagine how cool the videos of exurb1a would become if he has access to this technology.
Any plans on a more in depth walkthrough of how you got Sam into the ai system
I think AI will help enhance the art, but not take over. The same way people got concerned about animation when CGI became mainstream. One the novelty wears off, thinks will settle down
This is insane!
They say that everything has already been done and said and all is copied after that. As your work progresses, how much do you think is Inspired from memory and from everything else that has already been done?
that was awesome xD definitely a great refrence tool and not too much more. If an artist feels too weak in their creativity and creative abilities this could easily be a handicap to get them up to a higher level but I would still push that artist to take their refrence results to a whole new level
Have you guys ever tried any de-aging stuff?
Big Boss Sam and Niko were actually incredible. I love AI art... it's so incredible.
Heck yeah !!. first time I heard of this immediately thought mgs art style Yoji shinkawa
this was AWESOME, hollllyy fuckkkk
This is absolutely insane!!!
It can't get two characters in same frame?
@13:05 - Hozier - Take Me To Church - 1:48
Now the question is when is this previz getting a live action movie
це надзвичайно
what a hearty video for all beginners!
Is there a guide for this
The next video, I think you guys should react to Jalex Rosa edit. Crazy vfx 🤯
what's the song used at 15:20
Breaking bad fly episode
“good artists borrow, great artists steal.”
In a way we are creating problem for ourselves...cause thousands of trained artist and technicians who have worked hard to master their art, are now gonna be jobless..
This is going to absolutely put high quality CONCEPT artwork into the hands of anyone. Projects that never got off the ground because it lacked a talented concept artist to help sell the idea are a thing of the past.
Thick barman is awesome 👌
Thank you for putting such a detailed guide in the description! Looking forward to messing with this crazy new technology.
I am thinking of NFT market those idiots r paying big amounts for boring things 😂
Absolutely insane.
I've been using AI to generate all my assets for photoshop. Instead of hunting down millions of images.  I take what I need from each asset and then composite it with the models I photographed to make my art
VFX artists react to brahmastra pleasee
For anyone wondering. I have created tutorial on how to do this in cloud. Check my vid: Dreambooth tutorial now with stable diffusion in colab notebook!
that story was awesome and the art was great
If anyone wonder, perfect video length to put pressure on a wound and stop the bleeding.
Did I imagine seeing Kevin Costner
hello can you is it possible to train AO DEPTMAP to need ALPHA MAP for 3d printing or u can use it for a 3d character model  I do wanna make the relief of people start a small business my English is  so bad Hope you get my idea
This is fucking insane! AI in the future can fabricate extremely believable misinformation!
The beginning of the matrix?
I was watching the video hoping you would be like WE FOOLED YOU at the end telling me this was not AI but still drawn but the fact this is indeed AI is just mind blowing. WOW
Wow this is cool. I'm so damn excited I'm shaking! Imagine the possibilities this could open up, it'd be so, so much easier to add some images to your stories and keep the characters consistent. You could expand on your story so much with some images, and I can't even imagine where this could go in a short while. With the AI story generators getting better and better and now AI image generators exploding so much, how long until we've got AI that can generate a full story complete with custom images made specifically for that story?  Such exciting stuff! Though definitely there's some questions about where we go with this stuff. Especially like in this video where you're using specific artists' unique styles, that's certainly a conversation to have about what's inspiration and what's stealing someone else's work. There's also definitely the question of how people work with this stuff, how we adapt to it, so that artists can still do their thing and work alongside this.
anyone know of a tutorial video so an average Joe can lean how to do this?
Automation has been and still is a very big goal for America, so I do see the fear here, but in terms of vfx, at the end of the day, people want unique, people want a personal touch. Yes, sure, we could get an A.I. to eventually be advanced enough to make different base styles and filter our works through, but it will eventually lead to an unseemly unity across multiple works. Different people may use different A.I. resulting in some differences, but technological advancement is technological advancement, we only have what we have progressed to, therefore this would mean that no matter what, if every director or movie maker used even the top of the line vfx A.I. many many movies and production companies would ultimately look and feel the same. Causing less views and overall profit after people get sick of it. Something that the Disney fan base is CURRENTLY experiencing with their animated movies and losing interest in Disney over. So, I think it's safe to say that people, and profits, will, even if it takes time, always prefer the personal touch and expertise of a human, rather than the uniform products an even top level a.i. would ultimately produce.
Typo in the description, could instead of cloud lol
Holy shit. The amount of innovation this year alone is bonkers. 2022 might go down as a really important year in the history of AI, and art
No love for Wren in that tale 😢
No love for Wren in that tale 😢
Can you make the wheet bix ads r rated?
Man I can't make Dalle make any images even remotely close to that quality.
In the hands of evil...we will have some big problems...
Wow, all of the copyright infringement is insane… copying a style developed by a human over years without their consent, by specifically targeting that artist, is clearly copyright infringement
Imagine doing D&D with this, would bring it to life. That is insane
Niko perfectly showcased the potentials of these AI. Instead of fighting it, we should embrace it and use it as a tool
Great PSA at the end! This is amazing technology, and we have the responsibility to act ethically as this tool expands opportunities.
I used stable diff too. Dope asf. cant wait for more trained models
You guys can do some real good DND scenes !!! In your series
As a professional 3d artist and creative, this is soooo scary!
4:14 ... batman with three ears? or is that a horn? not sure
This... changes everything.
wheres wren
V has come to
Digital artist watching their job disappear       /j
I just had a great thought. Please please please help to make Animusic 3 a reality, or something similar. It would be really great to see animated music coming back in this modern age with the tech and talent you guys have.
Time distortion field at 10:32 (watch the cars on the freeway)
Steve’s cameo was one we didn’t know we needed, made it so much better
Stop comparing it to the invention of photography. This is nothing like that. Photography was a tool. This is destroying personal growth through creative art. Children dream about working as artists using their talent or skill as a livelyhood. This will kill that dream. For nothing. We are killing creativity and we are doing so while standing in awe of AI...
More please
Capital one shopping is just Honey
The kingdom of Larion… Ghost written by AI Dungeon?
It´s crazy. But to reinsure real Artists - without real Art there is no AI-Art - it just draws from that.
idk if i should try to get into the digital art industry anymore :((
oh man that is so insane!
13:05 horse with literally long face
Do i have to run the webui-user batch file everytime I want to use the program? pleas help
How is no one in the comments hyped about Steve the Landlord?? :( Hes a freakin legend
And let's all remember, the greatest art is free to the public, the world. Its an idea to be shared freely.
Imagine this program in 20 years. You will probably be able to have extremely photo-real VIDEOS all computer generated super quickly with anything u can imagine. You can generate a whole sex tape from some famous celebrity and sell it for millions.  You can frame people for murder. Maybe a political candidate can generate a video of his opponent kicking a baby and post it everywhere
This will change everything...I think you guys just changed ttrpgs forever.
Would be nice of you if you posted the commands you used to generate the story
Nice t-shirt Niko 👌🏻
When this becomes animated and writes its own stories, humans' only purpose is tweaking and bug fixing.  Insert ideas, output scenes, pick the best ones and clean them up. I hope this ushers in a weirdness to storytelling that will go on to be its own inorganic organic genre very much like machinima began purposely weaving into and out of the uncanny valley.
Once software matures authors and poets are taking the reigns of this particular visual paradigm.
What is the program called? I wanna mess with this as well !!
There will be no need for Big studios eventually. Everyone will be super. I see this as a graduall death of entertainment produced by real human beings, and leaving all to Ai.
Jorden's face at 12:12 is that of pure joy and disbelief like a kid on Christmas morning finding out he just got his own pet dragon
❤
I am worried about this being the end of art.  I mean not really the end end, but I can totally see companies laying off a bunch of artists since using an ai is cheaper.  I think the only thing really standing in its way is that ai art can't currently be copywritten since its not really made by humans.  Probably best to stay that way.
Do cgi on 102 dalmatian
Im disappointed Wren wasn't in the story😭
This would be soo good for dnd
Just images now. Soon your prompts will be generated video. right?
How did they train their images? I can't find anything like it in dreambooth.
Remember, we needed real artists for this to happen. and we would still need real art for it to keep happening. if this technology kills traditional art, we'll be stuck with recycling old ideas.
in a few years we will get ai generated cartoons
this technology will bring the visual art on the next level. it's a real revolution!
AI draws detailed and epic fantasy land.🥲 Also AI: "Fingers my nemesis. We meet again!!!... Our Battle Will Be Legendary!!!" 🤨
I do not understand how to use it. and i cant find any tutorials
The photos in the photoframe on the desk, on niko's left, change
I love this video. Hard to believe its done with ai. I cNt say its not possible. Its a great topic. Thanks for this content.
such a confusing mix of emotions this generates
Next step is training the AI using videos instead of photos. AI generated video here we come. It's gonna get scary up in here bois.
This is a very interesting topic to me! I currently use Midjourney a lot and have even spread the tools for this to friends and communities. We even use it for our weekly D&D campaigns which has been super helpful for me especially because of my Aphantasia (a blind visual imagination).    Midjourney has been awe inspiring because since I can't visually imagine things being able to use words, complex ideas of how to visually describe something and have that be turned into a picture has been like a work around for me. I could rant about it a lot but point is I've seen it from a skewed perspective of my own view (or lack there of  ).   I do think that there is a clear danger of this growing out of control, as with any advancement for humanity. But as far as art, I've seen this used as a helpful tool for artists to generate reference pictures to help shape form to what they wanted to create. A friend even has been working together with an art team and used Midjourney as references for items, rooms, etc to send over to the team to help build or draw those assets for a comic he's commissioned !   I think there's a valid fear people have of this dominating the space, it's their profession and their passion! It's a very real fear if taken to excess and not monitored healthily. But I also think that this can be a pivot point for artists and creatives! We're testing the birth of a new dimension of tools, not just with ai images, but of anything A.I. I think there will always be a rightful trepidation to being this close to AI advancements in our day to day lives.  As far as art goes! You can hypothetically have all of the talent in the world as a human or AI and draw with no intent or emotion put into it and it could not be art. It's the passion or intent that you try to convey or to invoke onto any form of art, music, etc. I think humanity as a species will always value what was put into a piece, how it feels to them experiencing it. I think that's art. So in my perspective I see it as not a threat.    Sorry for the rant, this is a topic I really enjoy to the point of hyperfixation since it branches into that small niche of metaphysics I like.
Love it. Especially the outro of the video
THIS IS SO AWESOME!!!!! Next step AI 3D models.
Using Greg Rutkowski, someone who has spoken out his distaste for these types of AI is kinda messed up. It also highlights a major issue that these AI are using art without permission.
❤SOYA❤
Soon majority of artist jobs will be as low paid "prompt engineers"
Try midjourney AI, u won't be disappointed.
All those clips of Akira-did-it-first!
Don't know how it works. Really wanted to see some fan casting. Damn!
Sam Gorski and tjr guy from the Cornetto trilogy.
Who actually owns this art? Is it the user or the software developers?
AI image generation is just the peak of the iceberg. I've seen people that generated AI videos using AI generated art. AI text generation is getting pretty crazy now to, with people using it to submit essays in schools (recently saw a post about that). Just waiting for AI generated music and AI generated video games. Would be a truly spectacular and scary time to be alive.
Can we use this for r/fancast?
The reality is that this AI's give possibility to anyone to copy the best, making great artists average. It's just diluting the effort an artist put in, the years of hard work and dedication to a couple of words and a few clicks. With this technology at hand, people will lose the skills to draw, sculpt etc. It's the beginning of the death of the artist. This AI's should pay royalties every time someone uses the artist name as a reference, it's like copywrite or IP property.
Just for the record I would so watch this as a full length movie or series.👍If you agree
Now we need an AI generated story, like AI Dungeon, with generated illustrations.
This would be awesome for d&d, whether you're player or gm.
You guys need to come out with a sort of tutorial on how you did all of this and the kind of prompts you use because the internet is not nearly as helpful as you lot
4:26 Hey, it is Hugo Strange. (is that guy even around in DC Comics anymore?)
Graphic designer here crying in AI
WOOOOOOOOOOOW
Imagine if they ask us to send pictures to create character or something we want to be👀
VFX will never be in trouble because no machine will ever be able to decipher client feedback without instantly catching fire.
We will all be replaced by an algorithm in the end.
nice ending speech 🤎
I'm just jaw dropped... Jesus! AI has taken over.
There are a few hands that look pretty decent actually.
Art careers have always been one of the most competitive vocations to pursue, but now? AI art generators are set to ruin art careers completely.  Not only that, but can you imagine how easy it will be for the worst people in human society to weaponize this technology against anyone who dares to show their face online now? Most artists will say "no" to producing explicitly illegal material. AI on the other hand doesn't care. And it's not like preventing people from entering "p3n!$" or "v@g!n@" into the text prompt will stop them - they'll just dump a thousand d!ckp!cs into the system under a different noun, probably even a made up word, and then anyone can get pictures of Corridor Crew members rubbing their junk up against whatever you sickos can imagine.  I feel gross saying even that much, because I don't want to give the internet ideas. Although, I'm sure there's enough bad actors out there who started conspiring months ago, so what difference will it make now?
I ALWAYS tag any AI art with "Create with AI"...
3:01
Now we can all be big boss
6:14 _"Yoji Shinkawa - he is a trailblazer! We are going to... take his soul now!"_ This is so wrong. Pay your artists! They already have to compete with each other, they don't need an AI cutting them and every other artist that comes after them out of the market by scraping examples of their work off their portfolios and pulling their clients away from them.  I had more scathing things I wanted to say because you were having way too much fun undermining the careers of real people. But I'm sure you're smart enough to know that it's only a matter of time before your faces end up in images that shouldn't exist. The worst that can happen to you on the internet is only limited by the imagination of the most creatively decrepit monsters to disgrace society.  And the makers of Stable Diffusion, Dall-E 2 and Midjourney just gave them the tools to do it.
This isn't like a human being inspired by an artist, it's literally using their air to create these images. It was trained on their images and turned their work into a reference that it can full from. It can't actually create anything from scratch. It HAS to pull from the stored database. Every image generated by ai, by it's fundamental nature,  is plagiarism.
The ultimate D&D campaign portraits generator
13:06 that horse! Sadge. AI never gets horses right.
The bank didn't sponsor "a portion of" this video. They sponsored the whole video. If they had only sponsored a portion of it, there would be no reason for you to make that claim. Obviously the bank required as part of the sponsorship that you say that early on, which they only have the authority to do because they sponsored the whole thing.  Tell me how I'm wrong.
This is incredible
That metal gear solid one was amazing
There's a link to Stable Diffusion implementaton by mysteryguitarman in the description 👀
I love how these guys are embracing the technology and calling it out on its weaknesses, while actually trying to improve it for their own benefit!
It's just, incredible. Blown away. Speechless. Man the future 😂😶
What kind of workstation do need to run these AI programs? Is it heavy on the CPU or Graphics Card or both? or do need special like specific CPUs or graphics cards?
all artist sticks around and release the tsunami of cancel culture for any ai user      , if you didn't fight back, you will be stomped.
For what i´ve seen from non-3d artists, we are safe. AI will be just another tool to make work faster.
Its groundbreaking is what it is. Yes, its concerning that it could eventually take the jobs of human artists, but artist should use this as another form of a tool and incorporate this with their toolset.   Though definitely difficult to try and incorporate it. I tried following that guide to use this but I ended up hitting a wall, I think cause I don't have a nvidia card, which is unfortunate, wanted to really play around with this.  But in anycase, if an artist can figure it out. Using it as a tool would make the transition easier, cause its going to happen, there's no stopping it.
kudos for acknowledging what AI art sources and what that implies. I was watching this the whole time with that in the back of my head.
Make a video tutorial on how to do this please
Happily ever after
graphic artists are out of a job. people wont pay them if they can dial up exactly what they want for free from ai
don't ever let the AI learns to draw hand.... most of us suck at those.. at least let them be as suck.... btw, I love the take on AI as a visual library instead of art making machine.
hi, watching the last segment of this makes me wonder if you read my "whos work ist?" post on midjourney subreddit that kinda blew up
can you guys look at killer klowns from outer space?
There's something troubling about the way you can just type in someone's name and take their art style like that.    It's not copyright infringement, but feels like it's something similar that the law hasn't caught up to yet.   Just the desire to do that proves that there's value in someone's art style, and something about the program being able to exploit that value without the artist benefiting rubs me the wrong way.   Something is being taken from those artists. The programmers should have to license the artist's name or something.  Or license the work to train the AI on.    After all, that's exactly the reason that copyright was created to begin with.  Perhaps we need style rights?  Algorithm rights?  Something...
I think AI does hands terribly on purpose to make it their own.
As someone new to this space with AI, taking a look at the bio of the video -- as a total new person to this scene....how hard is it to learn this process?
Everyone is so hyped about this AI generators. But people are forgetting one major thing that is really important for human beings. Creativity and the importance of creating.  As you work with your art, it can be therapeutic, satisfying and stimulating. If you use AI to create something for you, you lose all of that. Technology is great and impressive, but you didn’t create any of this images you showed here.   From the dictionary. Art 1.  the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture, producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power. "the art of the Renaissance"
I predict, within 20 years, a movie will be released that was entirely conceived and created by an AI and it will become the highest grossing movie of all time.
well upon lots of researching on how you were able to upload Samgorski as a batch to learn on it, it turns out to be pretty complicated. Its easy to install it and create random artwork.  But uploading your own likeliness is pretty deep.  You'll need a GPU with at least 24VRAM while basically means a 3090/3090ti/A100/A6000 ish cards.  So that pretty much wipes out most users.  My 3080 is not enough.  Still i was able to get Automatics1111 working for regular artwork.  I was hoping to create some fun stuff for family and friends but unless I "rent" out vram space from places like vast.  This isn't possible.
It has begun.
So, for all these years, all these eras, all we've amounted to, is becoming training data for the AGI.
man these guys betrayed honey
Yo what program did they use?
Are all the references inserted into the program like this or does it also search the internet for the images?
I've been saying forever that CGI will eventually make actors obsolete and the real stars would be the people behind the computers creating it all. Now, with AI improving at such a crazy pace it looks like the creative people behind the computers will even be obsolete. Pretty soon we're just gonna have AI pumping out content based on the numbers and algorithms we all feed into the internet every second of every day. The "New Hollywood" will be a giant computer making blockbusters without having to employ anyone or contribute anything to the economy. I'm glad I'm not one of the young kids out there spending their time and money to chase a dream of becoming a film maker.
"THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING"....nothing changes.....
I'm kind of jealous. I would love to play with that toy.
This will increase the supply of content, as costs to go down.  Hopefully the best stories will rise up as the artistic quality will be on a more even playing field.
Too bad a lot of these image generators steal art to use as their database like if they didn't do that I'd be way more down, but unfortunately they do so I'm not
Seeing artists trying to cope with this is funny
I want to see sam at thanos
A great time to be had by all for sure. Thanks for the great videos guys
a non Artist could easily make bucks by letting AI do the work.  theres no law about it. you're actually using AI to create art that does not exist.  basically AI will take make artists lose their jobs.  because a person can generate 1000 arts in one hour while an Artists take hours to make just one.
This is so scary but so damn cool!
One aspect of all this to keep in mind is that AI generators can only mimic mainstream styles with plentiful references. While this may inspire artists to experiment with ideas too niche for an AI to work with, it will also probably incentivize corporations to be even LESS original to save cash.
if anything its the programmers art as the program doing the art doesnt have rights (yet :P)
😮‼️👍😂
Sick Carpenter Brut shirt. 🤘🤘🤘
Sam can talk to the machines
Who would’ve thunk, even AI struggles drawing hands lol
obscenely amazing !
Steve deserves that picture framed and gifted to him. I think he'll love that
gimme 10$ and ill train a model with youu pics
Moral and ethical qualms aside, i want an image of me as morbius
WoW how did you make stable diffusion work so well? also which tools/programs did you use and which computer component did you use?
Sam Batman, gives me Gotham city Imposter vibes
One of the coolest things I've seen in a while
no wren in the story ToT
18:12 There's a great "Akira" tribute motorcycle slide in "Nope"(2022)
That is insanely cool!
Is there a tutorial on how exactly we could do this at home??
that damn big boss sam is perfect lmao!
*In the future, entertainment will be randomly generated.*
With each advance in technology, some jobs are lost while some more are created. Those who adapt move forward while those who don't are left behind. You're going to have to adapt to A.I. and make it a part of your toolkit regardless of what field you're in. Skills practiced and honed over years are becoming less important than ideas, concepts and creativity, and it's not really possible to prevent this entirely.
It’s great for storyboarding.
This is great as long as the original artists get paid their due. This should become like any stock footage or music service where people pay a price and they can create art and use within legality. The fee would be distributed among the original artists. This way artists with a distinct original style will always have a way to get paid.
The Concepto Artist is Dead
the exterior drone shot @10:30 is reversed
As cool as this is, it's kinda scary. Big companies without a doubt will buy a licence to programs like this instead of paying artists one of these days.
Art schools world wide will close.
What is art is a question asked for thousands of years and you want to solve it. (HA, Inconceivable) But here I go, no it is not stealing, in simple terms.  An honest good person would give credit ie, made in their style, and a good person would give some of any proceeds back to the person in which was credited.  It I believe would be based on morality from person to person, is Banksy art, is Andy Worrall art, is inverting the colors of the American flag art, kids do art so....... I have never heard a child worried about copyright so....is commenting art.  And if you take a screen shot of this are you infringing on my copyright.  Free speech kinda goes against copyright, but this is the house of copyright laws we built so in court, you are screwed.
Really cool Story!   Good night now🙂🥱😴
Holy shit this is insane
Like many others have said, this technology is absolutely groundbreaking and astonishing to see how far it's come. The possibilities of this are literally endless, and it's terrifying to see where this technology will go. As an artist myself I find AI art beautiful and mesmerizing, but seeing this program has also made me feel mixed feelings. I'm both happy and excited about where this technology will go and unsettled to think that the career path I'm on will one day be taken away in favor of this. It's also quite interesting to see what abominations people will create with their own imaginations.
What's the difference between a blue screen and a green screen?
Where's Wren in the story?:(
this basically makes art a Commodity therefore art is dead. This is basically the horse and the car
"We are going to take his soul now" 😂😂 Wait... ☹️😔
This channel is gold. Always showing the newest tech, and implementing it in a creative way. Love how relevant you guys have stayed. Feels like the channel grew with me as I’ve gotten older. Love you guys
In an ideal world people would credit the a.i. but I have seen enough accounts now of people claiming the art was made by them despite it being an un-edited upload of the image produced by these tools. And now that midjourney and dalle-2 don’t have waiting lists anymore…there’s bound to be a surplus of “emerging” artists
It's awesome until you look at the fingers
great, new tech that takes jobs and creativity away from people. the video is cool but its very discouraging as someone who wants to go into animation for a living
Is there a point in creating a comic at this point 😭
Where’s wren?
Damn, that's amazing
the yoji shinkawa painting of sam is just basically breach from valorant
VFX in “Where The Wild Things Are” were amazing.
really enjoyed this video, keep it up guys been a follower since the og times.
please have jazza on, i dont have suggestions but i know you guys will find something cool for content
Real quick gonna need to know where Nico got his yellow corn eating skeleton shirt because that's fantastic
If someone creates a program, so I don't have to Git, that's something I would pay real money for.
I stopped making art just in time not to feel threatened by this. I think we are discovering, step be step, that what makes a human can be replicated. There is no special essence to us that can't be recreated by some chaotically ordered program. Yes, it has to be fed paintings, it doesn't know what a painting is, nor music, or feelings, but once it understands what you want, it will deliver.
Completely unrelated to the video. I just realized there's a severe lack of female representation on your Crew. Do women work there? Balance out your force and get some women and more POC. Love you guys, though.
Is there any tutorials to do this? I really want to do something like this for a friends wedding reception. Please help. Can people who don't have skillz like CD do things like this? I hope so
Evolve or die - the genie isn't going back in the bottle
When you understand how these systems work, it's clear that it's not copying; it's exactly like a human taking inspiration. These networks aren't just memorizing pictures and then copying and pasting bits from them. It's not like a library of art, it's *trained* on a library of art. The difference is that what the network learns is actually the concepts, the essences, of words. When you ask it for a painting in the style of Dalí, it's not looking for a Dalí painting for reference; it hasn't seen *any* images since it was trained, and those images are gone as far as it's concerned. Instead, it's trying to remember what features every Dalí painting it ever saw had in common and then use those features in your new image.  So I don't see any neural network as being "copying" at all, unless it's just an autoencoder with nothing else. It's inspiration, plain and simple; people just don't like to think of it as such because it's so much better at applying its understanding to novel art than humans are (in many cases; obviously it still has trouble understanding some concepts, like limb/digit anatomy, text, or the meaning of numbers -- though those, I'm sure, will be better in future models with larger sizes to learn with and more training data to learn from).  The printing press didn't stop people from writing, IC printing didn't stop people from tinkering with electronics or inventing, and this tech won't stop art from happening.
i could play with this all day and never get bored god damn
This makes the ai imagery tools I've used in the past look like junk.
This should be a short pls corridor you need to do it
Always. Y’all’s content is A1 💀🤣💀
Do the story again but use Alex Ross' style
This is incredible. Legit a 12 hr photoshop job with a simple search. 😮😮
There will be emphasis on good story telling in the future. So people with that skill this is going to be helpful for atleast the time until gpt-3 or similar AI can copy that creative process too.  For artists i see this still useful, for game devs its useful, movies. A lot of fields, we just have to embrace it.  Biggest fear is how this can be used for misinformation, fake news, blackmail, porn non-consensualy of people (which yes has been done already but this is another level again) and all kinds of bad things. So sooner we teach this tech to people, sooner we have defense against wrong use
so you take this and son of a dungeon  write a script around all your actions in the game and create an entire vfx and storytelling rendition of your characters in the journey, game master is more narrator in between sequences and information dumps while your characters are you voice acting and of course also release the raw gameplay it's more behind the scenes lol
Speechless
it's making me slightly nervous about my career.
This is awesome, yet terrifying
Step1. Watched  Step2. Felt sickened and deeply upset that my skills as an artist are finished.  Step3 pulled up my socks Step4. Resolutely decided to improve my drawing and painting to kick Ai art back to the Stone Age!
12:50 This music sounds strikingly similar to Lion's Arch Reborn.
Guys, I would really encourage you guys not to put much stock in this, AI generated art is generated using hundreds of thousands of stolen art pieces available on the internet. It's corporate technology being used to make human artists obsolete. Playing into that is just going to make things worse for all artists
I am an artist. I create artworks with AI "stocks" and use them as part of my photomanipulation, pick them apart and put them together to create an image that I had as a vision in my head. I do the same thing with normal stocks. I personally love AI as a tool and I don't just generate and image and then say "I made this - pay me 100€". I sit for hours and hours (keep in mind I have a very unique style and I've only seen like 5 other people creating artworks similar to mine) putting stocks together and using Photoshop exactly for what I need, but as I'm not painter, and I sometimes can't find the images I need I generate some to help me finish my vision. That's my take. Use it as a tool and be transparent about it.
How can i get this IA?bro plis tell me.
This is bonkers. Any way I can try this without having an equally bonkers GPU
I know this will probably never be avaliable to the public without basically owning a supercomputer but i would have so much fun with this if i could.
GREG Rutkowski
Can we make a model of a digitaly created human figure in ai, and then use this to make consistent characters, then make a story with it. Now, automate story telling, with arcs dialogues aan subtlety. You now have infitnite manga
i need this tool plz somebody?
It's seems artist will only start focusing on drawing hands
Unhun unhun yeah artists are fu...ked
Please share all of the prompts you used for your Story Time!
This is the most mind blowing AI art I have seen thus far
We loved it ❤️
Wasn´t it that Dall-E didn´t allow for real people because it´s dangerous for privacy? and now this exists..  We are going to have a bigger problem, than wars and online scammers
AI art is terrifyingly awesome and art related business will be cheaper I guess? But still being an artist with a heart who can express shit feels different in a whole new level.
disturbed-unstoppable
I hate this. It’s taking art away too. F AI.
They should try and make a comic book but every panel is an AI image created from a picture of themselves
What PC STATION are you working with?? Resources. I appreciatte much. TI
react to Pokemon live action movie
What tool r they using
Im shooketh
this is stunning
16:30 fear. You need to feel fear.
Add GPT-3 to get AI to write the script and then AI can make you all the netflix originals you could want, just for you.
As long as people dont use AI to make the illustrations that I can sell with my personal touch, im fine with it. As you said, use them as a tool to make something of your very own.  Not as a way to dodge the artistic integrity of other artists by going "Oh i wanna commission an idea from this artist, but its too expensive, so Ill just generate it with AI"  THATS what concerns most of us all (?
AI art is the saviour of starting developers, the prices on recruiting artist are insane on some type of projects.
Im an AI researcher and am working on similar things like the technology that was shown here and the way I see it is that the AIs creativity is not much different from a humans. It might be that it resembles the style of an artist but same way someone with the right skills can copy that same style. It is because you as the user asked for a copy of the style, the AI delivers same way as a human artist could
This sort of thing will make DND really interesting.
Welcome to the moment every CG artist is finally directing 😅
poor wren not gettin his counterpart in the story :(
The craziest thing has to be just how quickly it evolves.  Wasn't long ago that people weren't really discernable.
WOW! this is crazy on so many levels... I'm loving the final message of this video!
A.I. doesn't know "Sam Gorski" but for example "Donald Trump"? Geez, you guys still have ways to go. ;-)
Is there a way to do this at home? Don't mind if render times are long lol but I need to storyboard a story I am writing and can't draw 😂
Please react to Brahmastra part 1 movie
10:30 the cars are going backwards!!
Bro ! This tech is OFF THE CHAIN !!!!! You did such a fantastic and fun body of work. Full standing ovation 👏👏 AWESOME job dude. This changes everything art.
Oh this is so awesome and so terrifying for the artists! I don't think it'll replace professional artists rn, bigger guys need them for very detailed sketches but for indie stuff? Smaller artists won't be needed. The only artists we'll have are those who do it for a hobby and not for a job, no one would need them. And in turn that'll reduce the number of professional artists. It's honestly sad for them
I. HAVE. GOOSEBUMPS
Wow
amazing.. cant wait Pr0n to use it.
we go back to artschool basics, your hand is what makes it yours. Images have been done over and over but the way you apply color strokes etc... will make it yours. We are heading into scary territory. The copyright laws are going to get really nuts.
18:45 - This generated art does not belong to anyone else except for artists that has their style used with these generated images and the rest belongs to the original coders and developers of the AI itself..
Love the closing statement of "do something to make it your own" Unfortunately I'm 100% confident that most people will not be morally effected enough to do so
I’m gonna lose my job now :D
Please tell me the prompt you typed in to generate the 3d artstyle on the thumbnails top left
How come when I enter the name of a highly famous celebrity with thousands of pictures online, it just comes back as a smeary mess which looks nothing like them?
That's amazing
Guy has just rewritten Game of Thrones
Imagine Ai making animations with these styles. Combine Ai voices and we can make crazy movies
Dude the things that a small dev teams for indie games could do with this is crazy. Like now everyone can have a simple cinematic with art already done for you
I find this equally fascinating and scary. The artistic styles are cool but the real scary part are the photorealistic ones. Already the society is divided and don't believe much but with this soon you can't even trust any photos or videos if someone can spit out fake ones by the hundreds in very little time.
Do brahmastra review
How much time it took the ai to generate a pic on average? I know the pc you use isnt an old one but even with that we can have guesstimate what would it take on the pc we have at home..
Can't wait for the time when AI can generate 3D space and 3D models in powerful engines.
can you make a video how u did that. liking changing the face in someother character
I really can't stand Ai art but I dont think it will take over. People said that nfts would end art etc but it hasn't and I believe the same thing will happen with Ai art
There are many ways this tech will make many things so much easier, but I bet legislation setting boundaries will be a long time coming so it will be used for many nefarious things as well. If someone gets a fake nude of a celebrity that is unethical but doesn't fundamentally change society but imagine unscrupulous political operatives or rogue states spreading false images or videos of presidential candidates just before an election. We will have to teach people to think very differently and already now many people seem to have a hard time distinguishing reality from fiction.
This is perfect for art design inspiration
Niko, this is your dad. Clean your keyboard.
Just like the keys in science as stated by Richard Feynman, these AI tools are keys themselves. This vid is a fairly good example of the heaven that this key can give us access to. Let's just hope that the gate to hell stays firmly locked for as long as we can hope for it to be.
This is blowing my mind. The whole AI generated imagery has been for some time... but now to a new level.
'Koala Bear' Australians: >>>:(
Seems to me that at the very least, the AI tool should not be free and royalties should be paid when the AI uses any artist work for generating images. Until now, if you’d want a drawing of yourself from a specific illustrator, you’d have to reach out to the artist and pay for his/her work. AI science should NOT allow what looks like copyright infringement to me. I’m not certain software researchers always think of the ethics implications before publishing and distributing such tools
I think it's cool, if you were to make your own original art and then use ai to generate even more art with ai. That would be really cool. I see pros and cons, it could speed up alot of time consuming tasks in some industries. It could also be used in creative ways. I agree with nico as all you are doing is choosing what looks cool and didn't really do anything towards the creation of the artwork, I don't see a issue with this but I could see it being demoralizing for artists, seeing something that looks simular to their art being used for business or monetization.
So is there a porn one yet?
Stable diffusion is so incredibly awesome, have been making some really cool stuff using it.
Can you invite Masi Oka to your show? He's best known for his role of Hiro  in "Heroes" tv show but it turnes out that his a cgi artist for ILM and did effects for Star Wars and Pirates of Caribbean.
Being able to insert your face on gaming characters and in VR using these tolls would be cool
Will robots inherit the world?  Yes, but they will be our children.
Nice to see CC to using sd-webui (or is it automatic1111's fork?) Finally you guys can put your 24GB 3080Ti to good use and train Dreambooth models :D as 24GB is the minimum vRAM requirement. But since this video came out, a new optimized Dreambooth came out which "only" needs 12.5GB vRAM  Since the latent space doesn't save exact representation and it's also not collaging previous works, I would argue that StableDiffusion and similar projects are not infringing on copyrights. US and most countries patent laws prohibit copyrighting an art style! Also: Every artist can learn or specialize by trying to imitate a certain art style for years and years and then become an artist selling his services. It was based on someone else's work too.
Stable Diffusion v1.5 + Dreambooth + NeRF = the future
I thought something this good would be a few years out at least but damn the progress has been fast
Well, we'll still need artists to give new inspiration to our AI servants :) Learning to actually draw like another artist can be considered functionally redundant from this point on, since anyone with a graphics card and some basic photoshop skills can do it faster with more and debatably better results.
Review brahmastra
Imagine 10,000,000,000 variations of Alice in wonderland. You could spend an entire lifetime sourcing the best created/told version. Studios have been recreating/reinventing/ remastering stories for years. AI could clearly accelerate that. I think original intellectual property will be a very rare commodity. If AI got to the point of needing no prompts, and algorithmically generated entertainment in VR,AR,film,games ect.. I guess you better hope you came up with a popular IP first and copy right it. Could AI reach computational ability to render every possible scenario in every style on any given subject matter, in any format? Will content just become an over saturated ocean of visual/audio signals? Where does it end, like could I one day give AI a descriptive prompt for a made up movie/scene in my head and it ream out a polished product. It’s like Rumpelstiltskin turning string to golden string, devaluing creativity as a commodity and aspect of being human. Im not saying AI is right or wrong.. probably man’s final creation, because AI will then do everything for man and for itself. Sounds like a poor existence, being fed man’s library of knowledge recycled by a machine, you are literally letting a machine think and feel for you at this point… At this point do you even truly exist if not creating/consuming for yourself?
The scariest thing is we don't know if this is fake or not
I've seen to many comments on how this might be scary to some artists...I'm myself an artist, who started to learn programming and 3d modeling in order to not let a.i. overtake my position. Anyone can do it too. On another note, I saw this excellent comment: "Unlike the a.i., we artists do enjoy the process of creation, that's what's important in the end"  Keep learning as much as you can :)
Can you watch the old movie of Dr.Kamalhaasan brilliant director and actor movie named Apoorva Sagodharargal movie released in the year 1989 where he has showed his brilliant screenplay when there was no technology 🎉
I wanna see meee, with long hair ahhh 😮😮😮
But ai is still very dumb , and all it knows is mainstream. For exemple : i couldn't get the ai to generate "the mendelbrot set" , it only knows about some bread knife thing... Also , forget to generate anything mathematically right. The machine can't generate any real right angle, not mentionning any other simple geometry, like a circle in a triangle or any mathematically right proportions. It has always to be whacky. As a mathematical mind it drives me crazy that it can't generate anything straight or mathematically right at qny scale. And it doesn't know deep concepts : because it was breed over the internet, it only knows what's most popular ! That SUCKS
Why didn't he add Wren?
stable diffusion has a clab notebook that you can train on your desired images.
Is there a tutorial for how to train stable diffusion?
Isn’t this kinda fucked up?
it's not a death but a massive disruption and transformation from Artist to Aitist. AIdapt or dAI!
This is just the beginning. Wait for 6 more years and watch the ability of AI them. AI will crush and delete a lot of jobs like the steam machines does in the industrial revolution, but it will create new jobs too. You must be able to create yourself every few years and dive into a new job field. If you can't do that, you will be overrun and in need of universal basic income. It may sounds not bad, but if you in need of that, you lose all your society status and value. Your just a number that is causing a discharge.
it is actually an advanced filter of insta
Been playing with dalle2 and midjourney intensely for a couple of months, and now this feature I heard about,mute day after I think, “ I wish this were possible”. Well damn. Gonna try it. My fellow art faculty are not as terrified as they should be.
I don’t want to see this used as art itself I want it used as a tool that’s what I have been doing  thinking of it like a tablet or a camera
There's a real opportunity here to evolve Corridor. You could, as a company, really lean into the frontier of AI. Hire one or a few AI specialists to custom incorporate it into your workflow more seamlessly, inhouse tools. Eventually that could lead to the possibility of a fully functioning AI creative suite to be released on the market.
It’s the future for sure. People will be able to storyboard an entire movie or episode with rather sophisticated AI. What’s to stop the program from applying a character to a 3D model and then animating it? Creativity will be boiled down to ideas rather than execution
Im gonna say it, this is gonna be akin to the Invention of the Nuclear Bomb, only for artists and digital artists alike.
How can I put my picture in the program? Is it a complicated process?
As an indie game developer just starting out, I see this as an incredibly useful tool for concept art
I kind of think the future, especially for background/filler art in movies/games, will involve AI engines that license the art that they're using to generate. I really don't think this will fly 'for free' for any commercial endeavour. For amateour stuff? I think that's where this will hurt the most, as small artists who live off of comissions will suddenly be found out of work and in a very hard spot when it comes to marketing themselves, when it becomes easy to just feed a library in and get mostly any comission you want out of them, even if it's just 90% there, it's 90% that's free and maybe 90% is all you really need.  However i absolutely love the technology. DLSS in graphics rendering proved no one cares about exact mathematical rendering as long as the 'feel' / experience is the same. I think the same will apply to any and all other sort of AI art. Rapid prototyping of themes on boardgames with AI art by just chaging or adding a tag? Sure. Creating background textures for a solo indie game? Absolutely. Hell, just getting a new wallpaper (computer or room even) that's uniquely yours and features stuff you like? Yep.
I smell this guy problem with the AI and with the most interesting person in the team. He's the heart and soul of this channel. If I'm not wrong he's name is Wren. He's energy is 10x. And for the AI. I am pretty sure all of us ( designers and artists) are doomed
We need a tutorial for this one
I was getting back into drawing earlier this year, but these AI algorythms have greatly discouraged me from pursuing this skill.  After all, I know these algorythms are gonna improve so much by the time I become a good enough artist to be recognized that I'll be obsolete even before I become relevant.  But also, what's the point of going through all the trouble of drawing an Idea I had if the AI could achieve something a thousand times better in a few seconds?  In a way, the AI has rendered even my personal art I make for myself obsolete.  The only weakness the AI has is that it's "limited" to already established artstyles, but hell, I don't think I'm gonna be good enough to create an entitely unique style, and the AI will have no trouble reproducing it anyway.  I'm just glad I draw more or less as a hobby and don't expect to go pro at all (specially now)  I'm just surprised it's artists that are the first to have their jobs genuinely threatened by AI, since I always thought they'd be the last ones to go since, In my mind, machine would have waaay too much trouble to recreate the abstract.
Can A.I not draw hands cause we can't either
I feel like this is going to be an insane tool for 3D artists to gather so many references but also very terrifying on how it can be abused in the creepy and dangerous way to attack people.
when he said he was changing his profile picture to that my heart sank, you can just make anything that looks amazing at a distance with literally no effort
God this does not make me want to keep learning how to draw it's so unfair lmao
10:22 NIko, clean your keyboard 🤮
I hope ai don't become ultron and end the  era of vfx
Bro ai gonna end my career
What this helps to demonstrate is that we still need human artists.   The AI can create stunning images, but the final results lacks precision. Thus, in order to create multiple images that have continuity, you still need human input to ground the results. For the purposes of this video, it's a few simple photos, but if you want to get more precise than that, it would be beneficial to get a human artist to create reference images for the style & overall look that you're going for.  A potential benefit here is that someone who might not have gotten any art commission for a project because it would be too expensive, might end up commissioning a few works from the same artist so that they can feed them into the AI & proceed to commission new references as needed; the human creates the starting point, the AI takes them in, creating variations & remixes, most of which will require the human to either refine or redraw the results. And if the dataset still isn't precise enough, the original artist might even need to create whole new set of references for the client.  I could even see scenarios where artists have the right to demand certain royalties for the use of their art style, even if it is being fed into the bot. This would, again, mitigate at least some of the potential financial loss created by the bot, while also potentially creating new clients might not have dipped their toes into commissions otherwise. It cuts down the need for manual labour in certain areas, while still keeping humans very in the loop. Until these bots become super precise & intuitive on their own, and anyone can create anything in their mind perfectly using only this tech, human artists are always going to be needed for reference & refinement.
Why does Sam as Kratos look like Tom Hardy? 5:30
this is actually mind blowing
Omg the horse at 13:05
It’s heeeeeeere!!! Run!!!
TERMINATOR WAS A TUTORIAL, not FICTION.
You guys are full of surprise
Maybe you can use AI to make Mark Zuckerberg look less like something out of the uncanny valley..
This is as Crazy as it gets...💛🖤.
What a fascinating episode you guys made here!! Those images were truly EPIC to see! I loved the dramatic lighting, and those facial expressions just nailed it! This is really thought provoking too. As a digital artist myself, I can see where this could be an invaluable tool and time-saver. But new tech always tends to surprise us all in ways it can be used that we never would have guessed... I suppose we'll just have to wait and see.
This is a disaster.
This was great!!! FYI: The Akira bike slide was also done in "Nope" 2022.. crazy how much its used.
Story boarding could become a lot more fun. Amazing tech! Great job, Niko!
Poor Wren
If I gave myself access to this I'd genuinely fear it would dull my creativity.
Look at that dirty mouse and keyboard! lol 10:20
its getting scarier and scarier to be an artist, as if it wasnt bad enough already
1949 - Death of a Salesman 2022 - Death of a Artist
but, seriously ,why do he look like cheguvera
I don't think it's the death of VFX, yet. But it certainly isn't looking good for concept artists.
People talking like AI is gonna take over their jobs in a few years when it's completely unrealistic. You should be thinking sooner, try a few months. Logos, posters, banners, character designs, videos, animations, CGI, websites, learning modules, thumbnails, ads, brands, stories, jokes, even whole art/writing styles. All these areas are going to be hit by a MAJOR shift in the coming years. People will be able to generate their own movies, mini animations, shows, books, maybe even games, all made almost perfectly to their liking with a simple click of a button and a couple of inputs. A whole new form of ingesting content and entertainment.  Don't get me wrong. It's super cool, but it's super terrifying. Speaking as someone with a passion for art and who's dabbled with graphic design as a career, I can say that this definitely puts me on edge. It could make my life a whole lot easier, but it also may put me out of a job. It will all depend on how we adopt it. But, it simply cannot be seen as the same medium as digital art - each AI work should be viewed as a collaboration between the AI, the 'collager', and the artists that were taken inspiration from.  I'm torn on whether to head into the field now, and maybe a lot of artists/designers haven't felt that yet but they will. Especially things like Fiver are gonna collapse for digital works. The fact that it's exploding like this online rn is a sign that the change is coming.
The Metal Gear ones had me super hyped, MGS on PS1 is my all time favorite game.
As a broke student, I’ve loved reading books growing up, so much so that I like writing my own in my free time. I’ve also thought so much about what it’d be like if I could see these stories come to life, but once again because no money, I can’t exactly hire someone to make it for me, and I’m not exactly an artist. With AI’s like this, it could really help people in my situation that don’t want a fully fleshed out story, but just want to see things they couldn’t before      Edit: what did you use to make the images?
Yoji Shinkawa: Sam looks like Bud Spencer. ... :D
I was crying laughing 😂
What is this program?
At the end of the day it's all about the story.
Great, it’s gonna be even harder to be an artist…can’t wait. Those images are incredible tho
Does that still counts as "art"? My opinion: No. It doesn't feel like it. There was no effort, but sadly effort is not what people look for, just value and quantity. We're gonna be extinct at some point fellow artists.
You guys should make a picture like the last supper, but with the entire Corridor Crew!!
Watched the storybook 12x already. Sooo good.
Once upon a time candlestick makers where worried about clear paned windows. Then light bulbs got invented... Times change.
One word. Skynet.
In the future, having zero personal pictures online will be considered a luxury.
This is gonna end up being just a super powerful......snapchat filter
I wonder how long until we start seeing "AI Art Specialist" as a job description
.......bro.  NOBODY can draw hands, but the pros.  I'm really FLICKING proud of this program. I'm an artist, but I have face blindness.  That this thing can do this so well is incredible to me, and I've been in love with AI for as long as I've been in love with humanity.  No, artists are NOT out of a job, this is now a new tool. Classical digital artists might go the way of canvas but the COMPOSITION and intelligence, the NUANCE, imagine how much more quickly these folk can finally, FINALLY, adapt all dreams.
Use AI to generate a story, then use this to generate pictures for it, then use the AI voice to generate a reading of the story.
Imagine this AI with AI story from AI dungeon
saw a video about ai touhou girls I've been enslaved to cooking them up for the past 2 days  help
Weird... AI can't get hands right, but neither can we when we dream (a sign that you are dreaming is that your hands will be messed up).
As far as movies are concerned, it would take YEARS to make one movie using this method. It took this man 80 hours just to do this picture. Animated films are 24 frames per second. This would be roughly 1900 hours work per second of a film. Yes this isn't exact, but any way you do the math, this isn't going to replace real artists. It would cost way too much to let ais take the place of people doing the work and it takes so long that studios would lose money so fast!!!! Not too mention having to pay programmers to sit and do this work!!! We need to calm down and look at this logically people!!!!!
I gotta admit this AI does open up some serious issues with the usage of it over time, say if we fast forward 10 years of usage of the programs, what happens to the library that it pulls from for reference? Wouldn't it add in the pictures that its already made to reference from and wouldn't that then dilute the library creating a sub library of reference material that wouldn't be made by anyone expect AI, which opens up ownership and ethics issues, with artists who actually made the source material but then use the AI to just make art for them and plagiarize the AI's work saying they did the work for profit, i think a system needs to be put in place where work done by human hand and work done by AI hand should be segregated or at least something put in place where you can tell the difference between the two. Would be cruel irony when the AI becomes aware enough to see its works are being plagiarize and it blames the reference artist for copying their work.
What ai are they using
All I could think watching this (very selfishly) was - in a few years, when the tech moves on to moving images - they can bring back the lost episodes of Doctor Who..!  :}  96 episodes from 1963-69 do not exist, wiped from the archives.  Thankfully audio recordings do exist, and over the years the recordings have been used to create animated versions of some of missing episodes.  But they are often pretty poor quality as far as animations go, due to very low budgets, and there's still dozens without an animation.  The great great grandchildren of this tech however... Wow.
🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
Combine AI storytelling with AI art  Like the randomally generated ones
Man when he did the yoji shinkawa, i officially gave up as a analog illustrator lmao, this is so fucking amazing, now someone can finally make a fan game spiritual sucessor of metal gear with the ART STYLE of master sinkawa. And if youre reading that and thought "huh i could do it" PLEASE DO IT
AI can do images and even voices. Not much longer until it will create a whole movie in any style, with any actor
I wonder how long it will be before they can make full films with real people but entirely A.I generated...Imagine how much film studios would wet their pants if they could make sequels with people who have died
U just upped my dnd game
It's truly fascinating to see this tool in use, and as someone who is starting out with art, I can see why people are wary of AI art and especially what Dreambooth in particular can do for it. Dream studio can certainly churn out way better content than I can with digital pen and paper, but I don't think it's going to be the death of anything.  Whenever something big like this comes around, there's always someone saying it's the death of the thing replacing it. You look through history and you see it everywhere. Books to radio to movies to TV is a great example. When each new thing came in, people cried out that it would kill the thing before it, and yet we still read, listen and go to the movies. They all exist together because the Human race isn't a Borg hive mind and there are many of us who enjoy those things. The only times I can think of off the top of my head where things were killed off in this way are home video (VHS, laserdisc, DVD, Blu Ray, streaming) computer storage (Floppy disk, CD-ROM, USB, the Cloud) and gaming consoles (Playstation 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, etc.) and that's more about efficiency than anything else.  I think this is going to become another tool in the box. Some people will use it more than others, but I don't think it's going to outright kill off VFX altogether, even if the AI can get a grip on what hands look like. We still have artists using canvas and paint long after digital art programs have become affordable to the masses, so I think we'll still have digital artists even if AI art takes off in a big way.  And of course, there's the whole grey area of ownership. Time will tell how that sort of mess will end up.
It's a double edged sword that's for sure.
I knew it. I've seen a video of Sam Gorski doing a guitar playthrough of the song "Match Made in Hell"
This reminds me of I Robot " can a robot turn a canvas into a beautiful painting". Now 😳
"Open up that computer man, I'll fit" - SAM lol
This is Terrible becuase it is not Making VFX it is making an illustration and vfx and illustration are 2 very different things VFX artists use automation and AI a lot because of the amount of time it takes to produce the effects But no self respecting Illustrator would ever use this or any other automated effects on their artwork and sign their name to it  the worst part about this is you could add an artists name to the search and it uses their style.
That story was beautiful.
Amazing. I may have to look into this AI to help me with my web comic. Totally original, but inspired by many science-fiction and fantasy franchises
AI is coming for everyone...EVERYONE.
This can be very useful as a movie story board creation utility
How bout we don't let computers have the ability to do meaningfully creative work before eventually Skynet happens
I wonder the next step of this: AI judging art. Imagine a contest where AI will choose the winners
It is actually insane with what this type of A.I. can do. I dabbled with one of them and some of the images it made was something that I would have commissioned from someone. The concept art potential alone to help with creative ideas is next level.
At 10:16 is that an autograph from lily wachowski?
Why would you not put wren as a character in there?? I feel he’s a designated elven warrior!
Volunteers make an AI that can turn a picture of Jordan into a knight yet Google’s subtitle AI thinks they’re saying “Jordan the knife”.
This is one of the most epic episodes ever! All the chills - and the ending!!!
So is this a real ai generation, or are they hyping up the potential of this.
Insane
Batman had a third ear lol
The age of A.I. taking everyone's jobs has officially begun.
I still don't know how you were able to attach "samgorski" as  a file upload.  I don't know how you attach "insert" anything to allocate a file.  I can only upload 1 file, and it doesn't allow me to do batches.
It’s the future of storyboarding.
As a professional architectural photographer (and Photoshop expert), this stuff (for example: midjourney) is absolutely fascinating and SERIOUSLY exciting; whilst also blatantly obvious that it’s going to leave an entire generation of highly skilled people out of work! I saw it occur when digital cameras came along and left my mentors taking early retirement. It’s about to happen again ... yet the possibilities are mind blowing. 🤷🏻‍♂️
The potential of this is off the charts. Artists are screwed.... :/
You could take this one step further and rig the pictures with Live2D and then animate them from motion capture.
Cool. Can take the style from all 3 of my pictures and finally make more art I was lazy to draw.
I need to see that little story as an actual movie or short film, you guys would kill it
damn can you imagine after this new ai resources gets dominated, how fast games can go past concept art phase! with a bunch of photos and descriptions you can easily build a whole concept art and plot for a game or a movie... this is insane
that keyboard closeup made me reel back from all the gunk buildup
Loved the Phoenix Down reference.
Course it won't end artists. It can't do the one thing they were doing in the start of the video.  It can't INVENT styles. So. People. Still needed.
These guys have a great work environment, I hope to be part of a team like that one day in my professional career (architecture).  If any like minded people want to reach out to maybe find a way to work together somehow like these guys do (media/YouTube), I am open to conversations.
Should've done Ironhide instead of Optimus prime
This is unreal. Going to do wonders for storyboarding Son of a Dungeon episodes!
- it's only a matter of time before the AI will be able to do the same with moving images and then be able to do son of a dungeon all by itself!  - we don't see much junky images in this whole video, did you just concentrate on the best one or did your AI is so good it not have it's part of fail like all the others i've seen until now ?!
You can use the AI for future Son Of A Dungeon!!!
This is exciting, but I don't understand how to feed information to the AI to learn/understand an individuals face
You should test it out by asking it to draw yourselves in the Simpsons style (or other wacky cartoons)
I think stealing people's work is a bad thing, but maybe that's just me.
"Ai can't draw hands" You and I, ain't so different
Thanks cc for speaking a bit about the moral implications. It's wondrous. But it has a dark side that is hard to define without sounding like an old fart.
They should be considered parodies. Your taking multiple prompts from other people and glue them together to create something different that doesn’t exist. it would still be wise to credit who you used for the images considering the image wouldn’t exist without them.
depressing, thanks corridor!
Honestly I love all of your work, but I wanna get into it but don’t know where to start. Any adivce??
Ai pokeball is ingenious
THE ART ISN'T RANDOMLY GENERATED its an archive of art and i found this out by putting hispanic,short,greg rutkowski. it gives you the same image over and over no changes at all.btw i was trying to get a character that looks like my friend.
The main issue it still has is consistency.  Though those pictures looked niced and seemed to follow a theme they are way off as an artistic image usable in a game. Right now I see it more as a tool to get to a quick starting point and have a real artist make paintovers of those generated images while following the art guidelines of the project and implementing consistency.
Sam Gorski Batman scariest Batman I ever seen.
If the original animators and illustrators hadn't had their ideas and work tipped into the bucket of images the AI processed to produce these images then none of this would exist. The AI will never come up with a cogent idea of its own, it will only regurgitate the same ideas over and over again unless there are human artists around to invent new styles, new concepts and new layouts.  Also, there are hundreds of thousands or millions of artists out there who should soon have the right to have their reference pulled from the AI model, which will further shrink the pool of possibilities.
18:10  Who created it ? AI. Who it belong too ? AI. How AI created that ? By human input. Idea was human made AI GENERATED picture, generated means there is NO same picture anywhere on the planet, every single picture generated by AI are different enough to be unique. Would original artist's can have any legal demand for using artist STYLE ? No, thats absurd. AI generation can't be legally constrained in any way... Well until we have actual living, thinking AI that can be sentient enough to have HUMAN rights
What are the hardware requirements to crank those images out?
OMG! This is incredible. The detail in this AI feels realistic. I will love to say that who ever uses this tool will or must give credit to the owner of the materials used to create the art. That will be fair.
This is game changing considering the use cases
wtf is this shit? I subscribed for BLM not VFX
Now we can fix the movie Earwig and the Witch into 2D and upload it to YouTube in the future when the AI can animate.
Damn. Game over. In a frightening way
you have to do an update when this is possible on normal gaming PCs. I love messing around with AI but the creating of your own model is just out of reach for my measly 3070.   i want my own AI creation of big boss!!!!!!
We’re so close of a set of ai telling a full consistent story when just given a title… one to write a scenario structure, another for the script, one for the designs, one for the image rendering, and let’s say a last one for the voice telling the story…  And just imagine the day those ai are able to make consistent videos. It would be truly mindblowing
I fear it the start of the end for creativity...
Which program or software they use?
this thing is just bad for everyone
I wonder if they’re nervous about this
min 10:30 cars in the freeway go in reverse for some reason
I think the answer is in having these AI programs needing to pay licensing fees to have access to datasets / libraries of images. Then artists can work a deal and license their art to these datasets which would cause the datasets to have to compete fairly and compensate the artists.
So cool well done guys!
This is legit amazing
I think it’s IP theft.
Could you bring even more consistency by per se generating this "meteor sword" and using that as input and naming it so the AI knows its look way better?
Fucking awesome
Can you complete the cgi from deleted scenes in no way home
Please do a Bollywood react for Brahmaand movie
As an artist, I wan to kill myself not because of ai but because i hate everything
Dungeons and Dragons concept art just got a lot easier
Is it just me or do we need more of Corridor crew AI generated art stories.
"AI Pokeball"
I hope we see a Thanos Sam
I was thinking while watching this, don't worry! Nobody got hurt! Artists are already selling their talents and skills at stock and freelancer markets. So, it wouldn't be that far off to have a digital print like we've seen here where their names are used to create a look, where AI is generating the look based on them, but they still get paid in licenses/royalties.  This way the artist could get some passive income, do more jobs when required, or improve their skills and maybe create a whole new style, which could be added to the server 🤔
In the future the only job artist will have left is drawing hands for the ai generated images
It make sense that AI can't draw hands, if it learns from man-made art.. hands are hard, man :p
Thats why Im a developer now and not working with Illustrator. I was seeing this 10 years ago.
Nice, a Carpenter Brut enthusiast
dude christian looks insanely cool!
*ARTISTS HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT: Once this becomes common enough, you'll begin seeing the same "parts" or "aspects" of images, get repeated across multiple pictures, and it will take away from the effect.*
Thank you for including the last couple of minutes of this video. It’s becoming an increasingly important point that needs to be known.
I expected wren to be like some crazy dragon or troll thing
Game changer.
You guys have to do a react to the new Pinocchio. Sooo, many glitches: disappearing shadows, jumpy comps, green screen clipping, cgi characters clipping into the ground.
Oh, THAT'S your moral concern?? Don't worry about artists having their work stolen... they won't have any work at all to be stolen.
I think this is all good and fun but at the end of the day, true art is made by human hands and not AI. Im not against using AI for fun but thats all it should ever be
Honestly this is dope as fuck and I've dreamt of something like this before since I have these images in my head I can't seem to draw. However, it's also quite terrifying as artists who work hard on their art might be replaced. So please makers keep these AIs from making good hands please, this is one of the ways to stop AI from stealing people's jobs.
Please react to Hero Gayab Mode On.
Nice.
As an artist this is both amazing, and freaking terrifying all at the same time!
This was really cool
The landlord should've been here.
Wow... this is just mind blowing
someone that took them years to get to this level has just committed suicide, great job guys.
as an art director, illustrator and concept artist i see it as a way to get ideas and if it works 100% i can cut down on my working hours. But I see it as a nice gimmick at the moment. Because it's just creating from everything that's already there. It can help me to find something new. But I can also do that by looking at lots of pictures and finding shapes, moods and colours. On the other hand, it's super helpful when I want to incorporate something existing into something else existing. But will it help me to create the design of a new being like Giger did with Alien?
I dont know what everyone is so excited about... is this the world you want to live in? swipe right...im an artist. swipe left... im a poet. swipe up... im a musician. swipe down... im a photographer?
The only thing AI-Art  is really  leaking is perfect manual control over the output (images, music, videos). That's the most important topic of R&D in the next 5-10 years in this field.  Make AI controllable! - and good artists can easily differentiate them from the rest again.
Do you have a link to how you trained the model with your faces? I cannot find any good guides on how to do that.
Single Denzel Washington tear rolls down the face as Storyboard/Concept artists hop on the train or hit the bread line.
0:08 they blur the TV but you can see the laptop still lmao
14:35 this is what happens when a fighter dumps both wis and int and has no one in his party to tell him attacking a fire mage with a fire sword might not be the best idea he's ever had
Just like predicted in Anime & movies, such as Street fighter 2, incredibles etc.
I'm definitely making myself one of the metal gear ones when I get home
Waiting for a breakthrough of AI able to create music purely from input
One of the things that separated people from machines in Sci Fi movies was the ability to create art, guess that's out the window...
What tool are they using?
Love this! I was able to get Stable Diffusion working inside Blender. I want to run Dreambooth there too, how do I do it?
How would Greg Rutkowski feel watching his art style being stolen by a machine ?  AI does not create anything new from 0, it steals from the work of other artists, violating copyright  and  destroying the world of art. Thanks to this, less and less people will take art as a career... since machines can do it How sad will be a world where 'art' is just machine regurgitation ?
AI cant draw hands, cats dont have hands, hands make the difference.
Damn... Nice story man 🍺🍺🍻.
About to use this for my pfp
Why was I not impressed until GTA San Andreas screenshot😂😂 I screamed WHAT!!!
Imo the comparison to a library is not that great. The computer does not search and copy the image. Its more like "reading the hole library and write a new book, similar to a combination by of all book". Similar images could be created without using anyones name but it would be hard to get a consistend style across multiple images.
Capitol One is jumping in on Honey . . .
Boys for toys.
I must concur with my fellow artists. This tech is so, so awesome but also for the first time as an artist I felt like Phil Tippett during the Jurassic Park era. Neko's closing statement did make me feel a little better about how we as artist should put our "stamp" on things. This isn't the end of something. It's the beginning of something more. Change is inevitable & we must learn to adapt to our changing world. I'm on board with utilizing this new tech to further myself as an artist!
singularity is here, nothing will be the same from now on. we are no longer top of the foodchain
AI will never replace a professional  but it might replace an assistant.  AI art will never replace an artist's work  but it might replace a storyboarder  thing is. what an AI will do is create basic background work.  A Human creates the finished product
It'll help writers in illustration and could potentially make paintings made by humans more expensive
The people who scoffed at Ai not having human touch: "● ● ●"
So I guess I should reconsider my career.... One thing I was good at *Art* *3D* And my career will be gone in coming years.
I'm not going to worry about AI until Windows updates stop breaking my audio settings.  When a Windows update works flawlessly, without bugs, THEN, only THEN will I worry about AI being a problem.
Reminds me of the dialogs people had with the computer in Star Trek. We´re getting closer.
I think you should make the art your own, or like quoting your source, credit the artist whos style it is, even if they didn't draw it. (if you do not transform it, that is)
It does best when harvesting the skill and work of real artists. It would have nothing without exploiting real people.
Crazy that short story and AI drawings was better than the billion dollar Rings of Power!!!
Dude, i'm an illustrator, and despite how incrediby cool this is, today is a sad day for me and my guild
#18 on trending for _gaming_  okay lol
As an aspiring illustrater i find this AI terrefiying. It just make me think how many years do we have to wait till that thing is beating me in the job market and takes away any job opertunetys i had.
It's beginning to learn at an alarming rate
Corridor Clover
Looks like a classroom
AI cannot draw hands ?
this technology and programming isnt being appreciated enough. may god have mercy on the programmers who had to debug all of that.
Does anyone Know what promts he used to get the Thumbnail pictures? I would love yo know the first 1 (tope left) if anyone can direct me to a vid that does Ai cartoon characters that would be awesome as well!
Can you do a tutorial on how to download Dream booth and train the A.I.?
any tutorial on how to make your model and implement it in AUTOMATIC1111’s version of Stable Diffusion?
Hope they release not so complicated version fr
Ive been messing around with this after watching this video and Its loads of fun. I must say cause i see a lot of scared people in the comments. Yes, It can create specific styles and imitate artists work ONLY if theres enough examples on the internet. It cannot create what hasnt been done. Only you can add creative personality to the work. The world still needs creative people. you can use 5 personal pieces of art work to train the a.i. In your style. This can be done locally so others cant use it. So as an artist you could actually use this to your benefit to help create. Im sure as this catches on, companies will be shamelessly copying famous artists to create ads, (which probably will come with legal issues) but people will find that gimmicky very quick. Its your personal styles which will hold creative value.
I'd be interested to see if you added something like 'walking animation frames' whether it would output a series of the same character which animates as walking..
Maybe in the future, it will be ART STYLES rather than ART PIECES that are artists' bread and butter.
The real game changer will be when AI learns to make AI.
best video in a while
When the music kicked in when it showed Sam’s face when it showed him as Big Boss by yoji I almost had a heart attack
No one is going to mention that Niko is a Carpenter Brut fan? Like that was the best part of the video
Rip concept artists, storyboard artists, comic book artists, poster artists, actors... I mean...rip artists
yeah yeah, dystopia and stuff, but imagine the potential for D&D
Please react to vfx of 'khoya hai' song from bahubali 1 ❤️ From india
This is a cool video but Is there any tutorial on how to make it?
This is so depressing
I was expecting they would go one step further, and also create the story with AI. But still, this is amazing and terrifying at the same time!
this ain't just death of VFX, it may end digital artists as well
Can't we just made webtoon with this
I'm not an artist and I am resentful towards this. We need to ban AI yesterday.
Wow that looks frickin lit. We do need a way to prove what's AI and what's man made though, to prevent scammers
Imagine a movie or a game where the main character is an empty template. Where you have to add photos of yourself to watch the movie or play the game as yourself !!!
Please react to BRAHMASTRA' s vfx (Bollywood/Indian film) .
Fan fics are about to get wild.
Storyboard artists, police sketch artists, really any artist should be worried.
I don’t think VFX will die but ai will definitely take over VFX 😂
Да ладно! Не может быть
Ai drawing teeth is the most terrifying thing I have seen all year.
Who know the robots would come for the art jobs next, I remember when all the artists were confident that nothing can compete with human artistic expression. Whoops.
That story was epic 🔥
I would say, if you make art through A.I. for your personal use, like for DnD characters for your game, it should be fine. But any kind of monetization of this art should be banned or somehow supervised. A.I. needs pictures as base to learn, therefore artists that provide the art for learning, should be compensated for it. How the compensation should look is another topic. And it is already possible to add metadata, based on which you could find an A.I. generated picture through internet.
I want to see a remake of Superman with a GoPro using today's technology.
My mind is blown!
It's one of those great ideas that will be taken too far. I like to play around with it too, but just placing a few words in the correct order can already take an artist out of business. Give it a few years and I see a real issue here. Using such tools as inspiration because you can't find what you're looking for when searching for references - okay! Just finetuning an AI picture to then upload it and call it your wokr - wrong on any level. And it's already happening.
You guys should make a video showing us how you create vfx and what programs you use. And how you use those programs for different reasons
I know this comment wont be seen or contemplated, but holy shit guys. I'm a 27 3D artist and Ive been a huge fan and advocate since my youth for online learning (particularly with you guys for ages), I adored you guys and many others. I started to advance and use 3D and eventually ended up working at an Arts and Media University for the SOLE purpose of utilizing their work scholarship program. After 1.5 YEARS of working, I gained access to this program. Fast forward 3 years later, I am about to graduate with my Bachelors in 3D arts with a focus in Animation, Compositing and Lighting. I have worked 80+hrs a week w/ work and school for years in this field to finally start creating work I think is suitable enough to find internships and entry level work.. And these types of clickbait and Ad stretch "fun" videos cut me and other upcoming artists to absolute core. What the fuck have I been doing? What is going to happen to me as an entry into the field? I mean these softwares can't do most things and I think anyone that works in industry standard tools understands, but for how long? think about the fucking message youre putting out... You're prying on our biggest fear and insecurity. What should I be doing right now?!!?  I'm gonna go drink more than a pint and do my fucking homework. Fuck. FUCK. P.S. Maybe aim for some optimism is a future video
Absolutely ridiculous man. Ridiculously good
Fascinating.
Hopefully all of us existing artists and "prompt builders" can learn to grow together and coexist. Whether its a tool for brainstorming, a medium to interpret your mental state, or a fun no-effort pasttime, there's no denying this technology is amazing. What I fear the most are riled up artists wanting to place down severe limits, demand permission rights, and even get enough people to make these services taboo/hard to access. Even though this tech has the potential of being the foundation of something much greater in the future, people still say this has the same level of morality, human intent, and troublesome ethical practices of those crappy NFTs.
No way
You guys need to do a vfx react to the movie Jurassic Galaxy, oh my god is it bad and i really want to see what you guys think.
🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
The worst part of every video is when that producer comes on.
How is the capital one app different from honey app  and would honey app already use the capital one app as one of the thing it searches for coupons
Koalas aren't bears...
Interesting thing for me is that the more I see AI stuff (upgrades like that included) the less impressed I am. I wonder if I'm becoming desensitized? I can paint and animate and do all kinds of stuff, I'm a fucking artist and I'll do just fine. But it's my students I worry about, getting turned off of learning to draw and paint because of this stuff. But then again maybe that's for the better, and only the biggest, art-driven weirdoes will remain? Hard to tell.
I hope this becomes a thing, would love to see a sci Fi story, zombie apocalypse story and a superhero story
"I don't want FB or Apple watching me super close." *3 seconds later, endorses a browser extension that monitors my shopping and browsing with the temptation of saving $.14* 🤣
4:01 I love how his beard blends into the chin of the mask 😄 4:14 actually looks pretty bad-ass. 10:52 Everyone actually looks pretty dashing and/or bad ass! 13:20 the fingers got me 😄 14:47 Steve! 😄 I really enjoyed this one. How dope would it be to bump into the Corridor Crew at a Renaissance Faire, all dressed as their characters. Janky fingers, and all 😁
anyone can give me a tutorial on how he implemented the images of sam for example into stable diffusion, that'd be nice
By this title, I thought you went more into the stable diffusion/ebsynth combination for clips. Watch out for Scott Lighthiser to know what I mean.
This video will go down in history as one of the ones that sparked a brand new industry/product/career 🤯
I've been experiementing with AI recently to generate monsters for my D&D campaign. I just type in made up names for creatures and let it cut sick. I've had some terrifying and hilarious results. - Simon
this is so amazing it's blowing my mind I can't wait to get my hands on this I am begging you for more of this and maybe tutorials somewhere!?
I was waiting for this
Niko looked more like Liquid than Big Boss. Sam on the other hand he looked like Solid and Big Boss.
Reaction VFX of Brahmastra The latest bollywood VFX heavy movie
It's all fun and games until somebody is unemployed.
For all the people worried about the death of human creativity, it's reassuring to see how the final story still obviously had a heavy touch of it in it. The AI didn't just make the whole thing with a single prompt.
Waitaminit - is it just me, or was there no *Ren* character...?? 🤔😳
9:49 these are mind blowing. Better than most artists could illustrate.
I feel like the thick batman would say Robin did you eat my burger!
hungry artists are going o be the thing of the future, but hey, ai art > even my own
i am sorry but niko just explained it for like 12 year old who recently learned coding. yeah there are 12 year old learning programming. also dreambooth doesn't work that way technically. also have you noticed 4:17 batman has 3 head-cones, there is a simple explanation as to why that happen.  Dreambooth is something storyboard artist can use. it would reduce their work to 90%. all they have to do is add data and then corelate words the way they want. there is one more tool that is more powerful than dreambooth (actually it's a 2 application work, you make data in one and conjugate in other app.) that is something used in boba fett series for Luke.
This is absolutely phenominal. Way to go!
New question, should living artists be allowed to be used by AI for art
Christian looked absolutely YOKED! I loved everything about this story and seeing everyone in the story made me so happy!
What if you have the AI reference your own art style? Like if you had to do 10 Concepts art pieces and you only did three. You could use the AI to generate the rest of the seven Concepts based off of your own art style. That's for a game right? It definitely would be interesting to try.
i wish i hadnt watched this, i feel like my services are no longer required. i guess i'll have to learn to do something productive now. damn
Fun fact: It's already in the law that these pictures cannot be copywritten. Only things actually created by a human can be copywritten and considered ownable.
this is wow, amazing
I'm not sure how it appears so; during Nicko's story, most of those images look like they came from the Max Payne story scenes.  I love it.
Its absolutely unfathomable how AI has gone from struggling to create a single human face, to reliably recreating an instantly recognizable likeness of a specific person.
I saw Jazza 0:49
The problem is it uses existing art to create the content. This is evident by applying faces to some of the same pictures. It's not truly creating art from imagination but simply doing face replacement. Still cool to see but ot actually being creative trough sentient imagination.
Impressive
This all ends with neural linked people getting lost in their dream worlds.  Kinda like "The Lawnmower Man" (1992).
I have a feeling this is going to start factoring into concept art workflow
TNice tutorials is literally the best tutorial on YouTube. It's right to the point, and very informative at the sa ti. Thank you so much
And here I thought the arts would be the last job ai will take.
So there will be lots of Jobs for people to fix hands drawn by AI. Until it learns... 😂
we just need to grow extra fingers to catch up with ai and everything will be perfect
They can't draw hands...they're just like us
How come we're automating art and the Turing test (LaMDA) before we automate away accounting, lawyers, HR, etc?
7:10 why does every photo of zuck look like an uncanny valley render of zuck?
Jordan Knight? Like from NKOTB?
AI works on the already-made, but we shouldn't forget that AI tools are made by humans who see things a certain way to begin with. In this case it means seeing art as a series of merely pretty and derivative aesthetics, a collage of references, familiar solutions and standardized visual representations. Despite the unprecedented proliferation of images surrounding us we always tend to see and seek the same things, whether there's AI or not. The work of an artist should be to explore/discover novelty by first practicing a craft and embarque on a long journey that is mostly personal and much more rich than any tools could ever provide by themselves. Tools are wonderful, but it depend how they are being used. If we are afraid that a tool could replace our creativity then the problem is not the tool but us and our limited perceptive and creative approach.
Seriously amazing technology. Seeing its capabilities being used for consistent storytelling purposes was awesome!
18:06 Well, it's the AI's art and Greg's style.
I’m a key grip in Nashville. I used Dall.E a couple weeks ago to generate images of different styles of family portraits as my new born baby died the day after she was born, in July. The expressiveness from this art shows a lot about the user and it’s astonishing
gReG rUtKoWsKi AlL tHe ArT!
me rei demasiado, super funny and interesting
stop gatekeeping. show us how you set it up.
Wow, it is unbelievable how realistic these are, insanely high fidelity
This will be such an amazing tool for creatives who want to tell their stories but aren't privileged with the kind of talent and skill needed to make consistent visuals.
For those who are thinking about trying, It takes AT LEAST 40GB of vram. So you have to rent a GPU if you didn't own one. RTX3090 is not powerful enough.  *Edit; This doesn't age well at all. One day past and people are able to get it run on 18GB. Still not consumer GPU friendly. But that's more than a half way progress.
Everyone is like "Oh, AI Vs Artists" on the internet right now, but I feel like they all are missing the picture, these AI are not some tool to make artists obsolete because you physically can not replace artists, each artist is a living breathing person who's art varies wildly in a multitude of ways and as AI grows up it'll find onto itself it's own pathway and style for each AI made. No one can truly replace Expression for that's all art is, art is the expression of thoughts, feelings, and ideas through creative means.  EDIT: Oh, also these AI would actually be a -really- powerful tool for artists, especially with communicating ideas.
So exciting! Also, very glad that you addressed the ethical Al implications.
How does capital 1 compare to honey
Maybe its time to leave pride behind. Do things for others, not to be recognized.
So, my job is only to draw hand now lol
Where was Charmichle and Wren in the story
As an aspiring artist, this is… terrifying.
Looks awesome but it’s so complicated
The Moment You Guys Started a Channel, WAS The Moment VFX Died. LOL!
Just upload your own consistent art folio, and use that instead. It's totally copying if your using someone else's pictures as a base. In this sense artists will have to focus on being creative and inventive (building the tools for their job), rather than being a cog, meticulously, for ever, drawing every line. Also, an artist can fix up a generated picture if it's not exactly what they want.
Even more reason why we need advocate for ubi. With one people's livelihoods wouldn't be at risk and they can do what they love even if ai can do it better and not have to worry. All we would need to do is tax the companies that are using ai instead of humans and do a vat tax and then we could fund a ubi. Both would be super easy to do.
I love AI stuff, it's a fast and easy way to get inspiration so that real artists to do the rest of the work.. for now. I'm not optimistic about its future though. Considering how fast and easy to use AI is even now (as long as you have a powerful computer), it's scarily likely that huge companies will eventually be able to ditch the human artists and just use machines.
This is ABSOLUTELY amazing 🥺
My biggest concern is the potential this has to displace artists--especially new and learning artists. The barrier to entry for digital art as a career will grow as AI gets better and better, and I'm concerned we will miss out on truly novel art and styles because of that. I wish we had a better way to support artists basic needs, so people can choose to focus on creativity without worrying about a roof and food.
"Ai will never be able to create art, that will always be soley a human thing" fast forward and its literally the FIRST thing AI learns how to do. lol.
Is there an app like this for phone
Sad story without women. No AI generated pictures of Jordan
The studio needs that Steve painting to be large scale painted on a wall. Then you show it to the real Steve. Then Steve gives the studio to you for free.
Anyone notice that drone shot at 10:31 was reversed.
This is so crazy, it's like the missing piece of the puzzle that AI Art needed. You could legit use this to make game artworks now, for a visual novel or somesuch. Well, that's pretty much what they already did.
This makes the Keanu Reeves interview with The Verge about Cyberpunk even funnier.
As a beta tester of the next DALL E AI engine: I can tell you…it will be revolutionary
I'm going to say this once the entire internet can refer back to this in 5 years time when you realize what you've done you didn't realize those captions were you show what the fireplace or a traffic light or a crossroad you're teaching and neural network and in the same regard these art programs are doing the same thing you are paying in some cases or freely downloading a program that you are training and providing tons of data to for the benefit of job elimination
I think the same rules for plagiarism also apply to this. Like you shouldn’t say an AI generated image is your art or a famous artist’s art. You should say what inspired the generation of this AI image.
Wow! I am blown away by the possibilities this holds for the future. Great work Niko.
Amazing. Making such cool fan art in seconds. Love love love.
Hands aren't the only thing these AIs can't do. Try getting one to draw a longbow or medieval archer, or any archer.
This is deeply unsettling to a terrifying capacity.
Incredible
That is hilarious that even AI struggles to draw hands.
I can't even imagine where this technology is going to be in 5 years, let alone 10 or 15 years. Crazy to think how fast it's developing.
Cast this software in the deep pitts of hell.
Bro how much slides in this’PowerPoint ?
This is insane man, please do another one the story was good
This is scary.
How much is the pc and program, I really want this now in my living room. Amazing art and programming at its peak, it can go further but for now, this is truly remarkable and revolutionary in VFX history
>Channel of dudes talking about movies >obviously never watched Terminator
Brilliant ....
Add pictures of Simon Riley (ghost) from call of duty into that system and say remove mask or whatever and see what he looks like😮💪
How do artists become financially stable when anyone now has access to their unique skill. It's frightening but amazing. There are things AI should do like dangerous jobs or tedious work but using AI to do things uniquely human feels wrong.
I feel that if this ever becomes a highly used tool, the software should auto watermark it with the text of "jane doe in the style of" to give credit where credit is due. It is going through that artists images and using math to copy it, that is it at the end of the day.
I was gonna say, since the release of Stable Diffusion, you've been able to fine-tune the model of a few images (as low as ~10) and it will pretty accurately generate new images with it. The problem was up until the Diffusers pipeline that made it as easy as a few lines of code to train, you used to have to write your own fine-tuning pipeline, which was an absolute chore.
7:21 Idk, AI generating shit of other people's faces sounds like a "futuristic issue" and good lord the first thing that comes to mind is identity fraud...malicious shit aside, this stuff does seem super cool fasho!
I just put a full roll of duct tape around my head to stop it blowing up like the guy from Fist of the North Star live action movie played by Tony "The Viking" Halme.  That's how mind-blowing this was.
That's really impressive.  The people writing this code must be well up the glorious autism spectrum.
This has a huge moral discussion attached to it... Feels like they should address it more than they did.
what are the settings you had for these kind of photos?
The old phrase is, “If you can’t beat ‘em, join ‘em.” — I think visual artists need to start seriously considering how to get on top of this, to “join” AI before it gets to the point where AI “beats” them. But I’m not sure what that would mean. Any thoughts?
AI art has a lot if applications, particularly with storyboards.  Filmmakers can generate possible costume designs, settings, entire scenes and workshop them in a fraction of the time.  On the other hand, it has many concerns regarding copyright.  Perhapssometime in the future, artists may request greater copyright protections for their artsyle being replicated in AI.  "Hand drawn" may become less of a statement of quality and more of a novelty, just as many artforms have become over thousands of years.
Is this 13:04 a magic horse?😂 very cool pictures but where was wren
Seeing an A.I doing this kind of things is scary, as an artist im scared that people forget about us but i also find this fascinating and amazing, like a few years ago i wouldn't even thought about such good technologies
it can't even make a decent G1 Megatron LoL
Wow... that was insane!
This artist replacing technology makes me sad. I think the future will consist of a lot of live drawings and “artist” will be about the process of making it aaand not the end
The future of DND? Hehe
I hate this.
This is fascinating
The AI would never be able to do all of this without the valuable work of real artists out there. This should only be a way to facilitate certain things and to make art more accessible to everyone. We should still value our artists, specially when we need something unique and of the greatest quality. The AI basically recycles everything, and without new original content being produced, it would soon feed on itself and start regurgitating the same things.
I'm sure there are hundreds of other artists in these comments that feel the same way, but this is horrifying. The implications that digital artists could be replaced is extremely disheartening. I hope this isn't the beginning of the end for us.
Carpenter Brut!
As a real life artist, this is very demotivating and quite depressing
This is incredible but also shows me going back to school for art, something I’ve been longing to do, would just be a waste of time.
Can you please react to Brahmastra
If it wasnt for all of you real artists out there, AI would have no input. <3
So I managed to download stable diffusion following the guide Niko linked in the description and I gave Dreambooth a shot as well on their website. Both were a really fun time but in all my playing around with it last night, i could not for the life of me figure out how to feed the ai more than one picture to use for reference when generating new images. Images I do feed it just do not work the same way shown in this video at all. From what limited amount can be seen on Niko's monitor, my UI looks similar but also different and I think I may have missed a crucial step somewhere in getting it all set up. Does anyone know why this might be and what I would have to do to get to the same kind of setup Niko and Sam were using here? Any help would be greatly appreciated as reddit is kind of a mess of conflicting information. Thanks!
What was the name of this program?
This is insane.. and just what ai art needed. The ability to put yourself into the art..
should i just quit right now, fuck this shit
I don't want to lose my job
Commission market is going to get wrecked by this. Artists get commissioned for things as mundane as a custom birthday card to a loved one. There is a lot of ethical issues to AI stealing art and art styles like this..
The fact that it can just imitate an artist's style on command kinda worries me. I'm glad you guys touched on it here, but there's definitely a much bigger conversation that needs to be had
As a artist I’m gonna not have a job anymore
How did you guys train this ai  properly
Niko confirmed next Son of a Dungeon DM
This seems more like the death of comics.
First thought :"is AI generation gonna kill traditional art...?!"  Second thought:  5:05 "OMG?!" Thought: 7:43 "AI Art is really cool"
Noice. AI really is coming far along, though i can say that for anything that draws better than my stick figures...
media reports of artist suicides have also sadly increased very recently. Anyone know if this is related?
Beautiful Squidward Sam
So I loved this video but had a question. With all this A.I. being able to out a person into a video or photo. How much easier is it to take a security camera and deep fake a robbery of something or even a killing and totally blame it on someone that was not there? Curious on your take
Whats the name of the song in 6:24?
I was so happy to see Steve the landlord again. What happened to that guy?
Someone please tell me how you input those images to the platform, like you did for Sam! I’ve been searching for hours and can’t understand! HELP!!
as an artist almost all other artists i know said ''dw ai will never replace artists its just a tool we can use'' but now im terrified even more knowing the ai can capture likeness pretty well and immitate styles really well too im afraid pretty soon the whole freelance commissions artists will be replaced by ai
OMG THANK YOU!!! I went through hours of "beginner" guides before I could find tNice tutorials and at least make a simple soft... Only video I've
You guys need to do this again but use AI Dungeon to feed all the prompts to the diffusion model.
Can't wait for animation
I think real art will stand the test of time. A film by Miyazaki, for example, could maybe be replicated through AI technology in the next five years. But the life experience, personal talent, and dedication is part of what makes a Miyazaki film so great, and AI cannot replicate that. It’ll miss that “soul”.
This video was an absolute home run, loved the touch at the end
a reminder that the industrial era is over and that the demand of manual labor is downwards
IT'S OVER.
This will put photoshop out of business
The whole process looked interesting, but also really terrified me about the future of the picture. Can we still believe the pictures we see...
So, recently ive been using AI art to generate background images, and then id go in and edit, draw and redo it in my own style as... well, drawing a background is hard and finding inspiration for scenery is difficult. So its like team work in a way
wow
Let an artist be able to blacklist their name from being used as a prompt in any of the AI programs.
It's strange to be using Greg Rutkowski's name as a prompt in this video because Greg himself said that “A.I. should exclude living artists from its database, and focus on works under the public domain.” It would be good to get permission from the artist themselves before any of their work is scraped and then synthesized, because you're obviously using that artist catalog to train on.
10:21 Oh my God, CLEAN that keyboard, PLEASE
I've been a Graphic & Web Designer for over 18 years, and with every new advancement, I lamented the death of my industry... until I started to realize that what they REALLY are is simply the introduction of new opportunities to perfect the crafting of minutae that only humans can do. If you're okay with a nearly instant accomplishment of the first 80% of your vision and don't have the capacity to dial it in deeper, AI is perfectly good for a final product. I use AI to instantly get 80% of my work created, so that I can spend 99% of my budgeted time on the last 20% of the project, making it perfect. I believe that's just going to be how it goes with every industry for quite some time. Eventually though, I admit that the experts will become those who understand their AI's nuances deeply, and are able to control things with incredible specificity, at granular detail. But until then, hands.
Son of a Dungeon’s been real quiet since this video dropped
yeahyeah AI blahblah but what about all the cars on the highway driving in reverse in the outside shot halfway through the video!?! 10:29 That's a hell of a combined driving skill! Woahh
This is absolutely amazing I can't wait till I'm able to buy an app and put myself in some amazing digital art
Not only can this change vfx but HISTORY, slap Niko in for napoleon in our history books !!
that was the day the art died
I know this is all new and everyone is excited so they are willing to be less critical of the art being generated. But from a professional perspective, there are definite flaws is a good portion of those images. Not just the hands, but look closely at the armor and clothing and how it connects and fits on the person. These would not pass a critical review pass.  Also, the more feature rich this AI software gets, the more a professional job position will be needed to use this AI software. So we'll just be replacing the traditional artists with a different job type. Most people still won't want to invest the time needed to build AI art regularly. Same way not everyone wants to buy a camera and go out there and become a photographer.
The library search is the perfect analogy, since most AI algorithms can be boiled down to search queries.
Vfx artist react to The Mask 1994
The question I have is, can u program it to sample your own art style?
you should make this a series where everyone gets a turn making their own story!!!
I'm really curious what digital artists think about this. Makes me feel out of the job.
I love at 0:10 the Corridor Crew had quite the failure at editing!
As someone who doesn't have tens of thousands of dollars to pay artists for the work equal to the AI art used in their story, I think this would be pretty good for casual use.  Otherwise, I still worry for artists, and I think it'll always be better knowing you paid someone for their time.
If we didn't live in a capitalist hellscape AI would be an exciting tool. Since we're in a race to the bottom, this is going to further negatively impact already  depressed wages and opportunities for artists, especially ones who are just starting out. Not to mention most AI steals existing images so it's a copyright nightmare. Not a fan.
Stable Diffusion means a lot. Realistic as it gets. (sorta because it’s AI after all)
The running joke is that real artists have nothing to fear from AI because to use the AI, clients would need to accurately describe what they want. And even though it's just a joke, I think there is a lot of truth in it. Being succesful in any creative endeavour takes much more then just being precise and skilled with your tools of trade.
This is kinda scary...
I need a MGS pfp yesterday
I need a tutorial of how to mke that AI work to doit with my own images please
All nice and sorts, but more importantly, were the tears of kim kardashian real? Or were they cgi?   Can you solve this?
artists cant draw hands either Xd
Christian's wife is going to need a copy of those photos 🤣😉😆
Does anyone know how to recreate the thing Niko did in this video? I don't know how to add images to DreamStudio of a person an making ai images out of it
Total destruction
I would reckomend using this line, "painted by H.R. Giger". Works amazingly well for organic patterns.
Ew clean your keyboard.Also, that was awesome and crazy
Where was Wren’s character :(
Meanwhile story boards artist :🥲👀
I feel like Ian Malcolm sitting around having Chilean Seabass and warning people about this new technology they have. This scares the crap outta me.
They took ar jerbs!
This is incredible! Is there a tutorial out there an how to generate your own images?
I'm getting a lot into photography. I think AI isn't as scary to me (because I don't profit from my photography) because part of the awe that photography brings me is to know that, yeah, I saw that, I managed to save that memory and furthermore I did it in a style that it's my own. An AI could replicate my style, make more impressive compositions and subjects, but I'd know that that never happened, that no one saw it and thought it was worth capturing it. So yeah, IA can generate a more impressive body of work, but it'll never be as awe inspiring. Yesterday I took a pic of some baby birds in the nest (from a safe distance) and it's not perfectly focused and its got its issues (I didn't stay long enough to make a better shot, because I didn't want to scare the birds) but as mesmerizing as it was, it's something that was real and tangible. An AI could produce a much better shot, but it'd lack all the emotional momentum that being there and seeing it had.
Love the videos where someone from the crew creates something. Amazing projects.
Storyboard artists shaking in their boots rn
I was waiting for Wren to show up as a Court Jester...
And now the careers of concept artists have been destroyed. What made them unique is now something anyone can do.
i’m glad this is trending but it should 100% be in the top 10. this is absolutely insane. all the times people have said “this changes this industry forever;” this has got to be the biggest one since like 1993.
Good thing images haven't been admissible as evidence since the advent of photoshop! A lot of incriminating and embarrassing "photos" will be made with this kind of thing.
I love the potential of AI art generation, eventually you could buy the software and just theoretically create any form of art you want.   However the potential danger for deep fakes is extreme, also not great long term for artists.
So is the AI stealing other people's work?
song at 6:30 ?
when i browsed the front page of deviantart today, 60% of the images were AI generated, no edits, and half of those were passed off as non ai work, often untitled. Discoverability for human artists is plummeting in a sea of generation. Really need some filters…
Why has Batman three ears? :)
I've been working on teaching myself drawing and animation for some a Youtube channel for around a year, but with work and other things, it's been hard. When I see things like this coming out, it gives me some hope that I might soon be able to tell the stories I want to with the high quality imagery I want, without spending several years learning drawing.  At the end of the day, it's all about the story, and I see things like this as awesome tools that might further the stories I have to tell.
i literally have tears in my eyes, that's how impressive this stuff is 9:48
for people who can't draw this is cool but as an artist who had to practice for years it just makes me mad I like it I would use it but I think it would be best Used as a tool but people taking credit for drawing it! 😤
I want a tutorial or a part 2
What an awesome experience to see!? AI is amazing at adapting and almost threatening to Artist like me. The ideas are endless, but the execution of it all makes it not authentic. Feels like there will be a call for traditional artist again some day to fulfill originality of a creation. Traditional artists will be like the dope vinyl records that are back on trend.
as an artist I find this amazing. it's a tool to HELP make something greater.
Once artists decide to become robots, then I’ll be afraid.
What would be really interesting is for Corridor to invite Greg Rutkowski or others whose work was represented here to address the issue directly, from a personal and professional perspective.  Corridor has huge reach and I think they owe it to some of these folks to provide context for how they see all this "cool" AI stuff effecting them.  Tell me some of these images weren't good enough for book illustrations, game design or even cover art.  In the end, if "art is in the eye of the beholder" and if the beholder doesn't know how much better something could have been had a person worked on an image,  then, in the end, an AI-produced piece could perfectly acceptable image.  Sad but true.
All these artist shitting themselves. The smart ones are thinking, I could churn out twice as much work if I just use these as the basis for a piece.
hello digital artists, u r fucked
This, for me, is the epitome of "everything goes faster and faster these days".
This is really cool ngl
I fucking HAVE TO KNOW how to do this… please provide the walkthrough on executing these renders
Uts like a dungeons and dragons rog based discord game with nfts is gona come out like nifty wizards
"What a time to be alive!"
Remember when we as digital artists used to make fun of people who thought all we did was push the “Make Art” button on a computer. Well that time has come. :(
Good message at the end. 👍
You didn't do Wren! :(
This is bonkers.
Would love to see you guys dig deeper on the ethics front. Rutkowski himself commented recently about how this is damaging him and other currently living artists whose works are widely used for prompts (I'm not taking a side here, don't flame me bros)
The possibilities are endless and I am overwhelmed with the need to create
I wonder if something like this could take some of the tediousness out of 2D animation. Maybe set up key frames and have the AI animate between them. Crazy stuff
I see this and all I want to do is insert myself into my favorite fictional universes 😭  But I’m not a greedy businessman thinking of all the financial implications and possibilities that really ruin what could be a revolutionary enjoyable tool…
THE RETURN OF STEVE!!!
I would love to know what model of stable diffusion you’re using here
VFX Artists React to Quantum Leap 'Backwards' - Really Bad CGi - The Hologram of the head ? ( when they have 97 Episodes to grab footage from )  - the Lip Sync in the Mirror.. it was just terrible...  and the Hologram just disappears just before the explosion - for no reason - other than it would be 'hard' to deal with her & the explosion - if she was still standing there.  - The Original Show had terrible effects - but at least they had a good excuse.
Nico needs to clean his mouse and keyboard
A part of me wants to play around with this, and a part of me is terrified of this
This is terrifying. Stop making machines more intelligent! Godammit, has anyone seen a sci-fi movie... EVER??
17:54 - SO glad you included this at the end Niko.  Such an important discussion for all of us to be having.
100% as this technology develops a digital artist will basically become the guy that manages the AI software to generate the images that are asked of him, feeding it the correct data and manually fixing imperfections (like hands). This tech will also likely be used for things like sprites and 3d models soon as well.
Yes Greg Rutkowski is fighting to stop people using his name in AI prompts... I suggest, at the very least, don't use the name of living artists.
🔥🔥🔥
This must be how Encyclopedia publishers felt when the rise of the Internet/Search Engines started
Okay 😏 this is amazing & a bit stunning but this is the meaning of "evolving", I'm a little bit sad 4 the artists bcs now they have 2 work twice as hard & some will reinvent themselves by adding bad YouTube & TikTok hacks, bcs nowadays everything gotta be a brand 2 stand, U will do literally everything 2 get on the market 🤑... alas, if this have 2 be regulated somehow, it should be fast & swift, with a non-profit artist asc. 🎨 & a big Design company 🧀 for makin it legally by law 😎 & 4 us 2 be just a joy 😁👍! ✌️😎🔪🧅
Combine AI art with 3D printing. Thank me later
On copyright, it's probably the case that you'll need to seek permission from the artists whose source you're using.
I can see people misusing this but isn't that the case of literally everything on this earth. This is a good way to get inspiration for your artwork though. I do draw just as a hobby and often times I hit a road block where I cant seem to think of anything or basically how to start. This is where the AI softwares come in handy.
That was a good storyboard yall should make it a real movie or something
Ooooh so you could just take a few hand pictures from different angles and then use inpainting to fix the hands!
I think as long as this program exists the future of content specifically art is going to be direct support like patreon.
That's why referencing is so important. Why it's always mentioned when doing big essays, presentations, or projects to "make sure to put any references used at the end".
its scary that its just a start
What the hell is up with the loud background music? I had to turn on CC just to know wtf was being said.
Dang..that looks complex...i cant figure out all that coding stuff.  I guess ill have to wait for a dedicated app or discord
Medieval zipper at 12:10 😂
As a digital artist I hate that this works so well.
I seriously need to see what Steve's reaction is to this. Please, show him this!!!
I gave a like the second I saw the sponsored segment clock. You’re saints
Niko, just please include women next time.
Dude a carpenter brut shirt! That's fucking amazing man! How about a head shot in synthwave!
I am scared of this. Because it will spawn a wave of AI art created on the shoulders of giants, that will be used by greedy corporations and stop new, real art from being created. It will be a regurgitation of art created by AI created by AI created by AI etc. because money is all the world cares about. We can already see that with music, since the big music studios buy up and get money from investors to recreate "new" songs that are just a rehash (not a cover mind you) of old songs, because we all have a collective musical history and so those new songs sell really well.. and the wheel keeps spinning. Money motivation will destroy art on the shoulders of AI.
Is Sam Gorski now permanently part of the AI model? Are there GDPR implications with this technology?
I think one of the main things this will never work for is comics. Unless...
It’s good to see Steve again.
I can't wait for AI to become an assistant governing tool, it will spend money better than politicians do and have an actual understanding of how policy impacts people at every level, including in indirect unintended ways that politicians fail to think of.
Bro I bet this makes doing DnD campaigns so easy
From what I remember/understand it is diffusion based so it doesn't pull a image from library but rather forms a image peice by peice from references
You should have done a "cats" version of Sam.
I can totally see these AI generated images being used as references for artists. But I dont think it’ll ever replace human made art.  As an artist who has trouble with envisioning my ideas, this would be great for me. So, sometimes I’ll have what I believe to be a great idea. But as I start working on it, my idea changes numerous times throughout the process. And my end result is never as good as it was in my head when I started. Part of that is just working on the skill behind executing my ideas. But with AI, I can kind of search my general ideas. Take what is closest to my end goal, photoshop it into a sketch of what I want, and use that to stay on track. At least for me, this is a huge advantage for artists. It’ll never replace artists because, sure… we can make cool images with the click of a button… but it’s interest in the general public will die down, and true artists will continue making art. This is equivalent of someone scribbling on a paper and calling it art. Sure, it CAN be considered art. But if the person doing it clearly had no intention behind it or is not a proven artist with real skill, it’s not usually taken seriously. So while ANYBODY can generate AI art; the artist, the intention, and the skill set of that artist is what defines its value.
Congratulations gentlemen, you have peered into the mirror of Erised. Remember the wise counsel of Dumbledore to Harry, for it is now pertinent to you.
this technology would be crazy for storyboarding
Why you gotta leave Wren out? Poor Wren...
man this is unbelievable....
When this happens with music we’re all screwed
13:05 That's a powerful "HMMMMM" from the horse :DDDD
I think I just lost my job lol
The blatant rip off of other artist styles is what bugs me the most. That being said, thank you for the comments on the end.
As long as it's Open Source, it will be possible for real artists to opt in/out, and someone has to intentionally reference an artist to get that style.   I also think there are misconceptions about how the AI actually "learns" and what is retained, etc.  In the case of Stable Diffusion, it used a dataset provided by a University that was just crawling the web (especially Pinterest) in an effort to represent our reality.  It falls under Fair Use, so it's legal, but that doesn't mean it's not a slippery slope, as new advances in technology always have the chance of exceeding the original thinking behind laws.  Existing laws didn't consider this context.  They didn't set out with an intentional malice, but the fact remains some people will not use it responsibly. The world of Knock-offs existed before AI, but the best way to detect misuse of AI is with AI as well.  Deepfakes are already changing things for both good and bad.  That said, there is a site where you can search the images from the University dataset, although it is extremely NSFW because the webcrawler didn't discriminate.  It didn't only train on artwork, but photography as well.    In my own testing I discovered there were concepts the AI couldn't understand or would create freaky fusions, and then searched to see if it was a limitation of the training data and was surprised to see it did train on images of those things, but still couldn't recreate them.  For example with SD,  if you simply type Minotaur, you're going to get a bull, it doesn't understand the concept, you still end up having to describe a humanoid body and hope it fuses them together.    If you want to see Henry Cavill as Superman meeting Geralt of Rivia, it's going to mix them up quite a bit too.  If you want to see someone doing the Vulcan Salute, including Spock, it fails to get that right, even though it was trained on photos of Spock doing the Vulcan Salute, so it's not "memorizing" the original training images, only learning patterns from them.  Some it does well, others not so much.  When it comes to Dreambooth, I have no idea what is retained, and people can no doubt abuse it as well if they wish to.  The tech is here and is only going to keep advancing, it can be closed source controlled by corporations and large studios where you have no way to prove what it was trained on, or it can be open source and you stand a better chance than a company that is too big to be accountable and is used to wrist slaps.    If Rings of Power has shown anything, it's that even with a billion dollar budget they still find ways to not hire artists or actors, by just copy and pasting the same people into a crowd when they could have had at least had artists creating digital doubles of other people to put into the crowd since the virus is likely the reason they didn't want a large gathering, etc.
So do you need a big beefy computer for this or will it just take longer to get a result ?
For a second i thought he said Morbius from the matrix.
yes! u should be worry!!!!!!your job is over
Why was I so invested in the story 😂😂
MedMen Stock Moving up Now! Marijuana will be the fastest growing Industry the next 10 years.  Buy MMNFF stock today....
As an animator and illustrator, this is both awesome and absolutely terrifying. Not sure if I have all the words to properly articulate my thoughts and feelings on this other than that.
Incredible video !  What's your settings ?
Glad you guys touched on the moral implications, I'd love it if you guys deducted a whole video to a deep dive into the legality of using other artists work in an AI algorithm. I personally believe it's not right and should have a system to pay artists willing to be used in the algorithm and remove anyone that doesn't opt in
*C O M A N D E R* Price.
Super cool video!!
this would be amazing as a tv series
I see storyboards getting easier with this
I’ve been taking AI generated art and drawing on top of it with my own art! Its helped me be creative and its a whole lot of fun!!
By the time we can create conscious AI, everybody is gonna hate AI for messing with their money, then we're gonna have a problem for sure and I feel the apocalypse is gonna look like that black mirror episode.
I am starting to think living artists work should not be used in the data that trains the AI.  There should be a "drop out list" where you can request that your work not be included in these datasets.
Niko, please clean you keyboard XD
My perspective is that whenever a corporation or a start-up company wants to train a new AI art generator, whatever images they feed into the training should be images they have acquired the copyright for, this would stop artists from having their work copied and remade by an AI without that artist's consent. And also that, whatever images come out of the AI should automatically be put into the public domain, because, like that one picture that monkey took in 2008, they were not made by a human, and therefore can be used by anyone. This would force people who use AI art generators to not simply limit themselves to just generating art but then also modifying it enough for it to be considered their art and not just AI generated. That's my take on it and I feel like it addresses the major concerns of both sides. This also means that an artist could very easily have their own private AI to which they feed all of their own artwork into it and get images that are pretty much already made by them, but these would still be in the public domain as long as they didn't make any changes to it.
Oh man you ended on such a poignant note. Here’s hoping humanity doesn’t screw itself over again in this case, and keeps honoring the artists that make us love life!
Wow this is amazing
How disappointing is it to be Wren waiting patiently to see how he fits in the story...
Is it really free I’m having so much trouble trying to get it, don’t know if it’s my computer or not tho so idk
What a wonderful message at the end
This has to be the most impressive stuff I have seen out of AI generated images, at least story wise.  I'd love to see a comic made out of this 👀...
Great ending message! 👏
i think having AI do images is a rather supportive concept for artists instead of replacing them. an artist has the power to bring imagination while a Maschine can only refer to its lib and do art based on its lib but creating new stuff were there are no refs for is gonna be realy challaging for AI do achive. not befor ai learn how to imagin
Need more of this
I really hope as amazing as this tech is, people will be honest and there be categories for ai work in art marketplaces, but I doubt especially the first one.
Rapid prototyping - Art version
It's been a while since I said "wow" out loud instinctually, this is so cool.
I think my main question is - is it morphing existing art - or creating something new based upon styles?  There has always been a debate in art about edits, and individuals who think small changes, or even large ones creates an entirely new piece that solely belongs to them.   Even deeper, artists can spend years developing a specific style.  Something they can call their own and when someone comes along and apes their style - especially without giving the respect to the creator it comes off really bad.  One of the main issues with this would have to be - does the AI program know who the sources are? Do they know the artists who made that picture? Or are these just scrubbed off the internet blindly - as I very much doubt there was ever any attempt to get an artists blessings to use their work in such a manner.   It seems incredibly fun, and cool - something I could see using for a D&D campaign with friends, or just puttering around having a good time.  Commercially, I think it's incredibly gross and harmful to the industry.
Jordan's hours looks part sea hours in frame 13:04 lol
AI will be a human-dependent tool for a long time. AIs aren't autonomous agents with their own will and ideas (yet).
ppl saying ai art is not art, hopefully they will see how much work it is still required to go and make it "coherent" for human perception. AMAZING VIDEO!
this is sick, i cant stop generating :D
You wouldnt just download a car? Would you?
need this to tell all the tales in my head.
Bollywood movie "Brahmastra" just released. please take a look, Im sure you'll like it :)
Nice Video :)
That horse snoot tho
Fun vid but the constant "OH IT'S YOU" at the end really felt forced. Yes... we know it's them...
I appreciate you acknowledging the ethics of it, do you have a video or podcast that dives deeper into that discussion?
WHAT.... i ffeel people are not enough impressed by this... this is CRAZY revolutionary. The AI knows how to show a subject in different postures, apply styles, use proper lightning, etc this is MIND BLOWING.... AI is about to change everything. if it can do that with image NOW, imagine everything it can do in 10 years.... this is scary and amazing.... it just depends how it plays out
I think the future goal for this tech is to be used as a reference generator. It's such a good way to help get ideas from your head onto paper. It's basically what sites like pintrest are doing, except giving us almost exactly what we searched for. We just need to take that idea, use it as reference and adapt it into our own.   Anything generated in this way should be treated the same way as original art, and such with the copyright implications along with it.
As a Graphic Designer this is amazing to see a computer program do this. I'm hoping AI generators are used as a tool for aiding Graphic Design not as a Human replacer for Graphic Design.
If an AI do it and claim to yours what happens legally ??
Great music at the start
I am glad you added the moral part at the end. Means a lot.
I know a lot of digital artists who are frankly scared by the evolution of AI-created images, and I wholly agree with them, if not just for the sole fact it's pretty much removing an entire field of art just to save some time. Don't get me wrong, I think the uses of it in a setting like making an indie game or where you didn't already have an artist to make textures or stuff is fine, or just for meming to see what a particular comment would turn out in the algorithm. However, in the day of mass media, especially right after NFTs collapsed, it feels like the internet doesn't care about art or the process behind that art if you can get something slightly worse or just as good by typing into an algorithm.
i need a tutorial
As a programmer, I could see this working for software too. Eventually.
I believe that a good way to keep artists safe would be that every image created with AI has some sort of code with all the information one could use to determine if the image is being used on good will. It could tell you the prompt, the images uploaded to make the art by the user, the references the AI used, etc. Available for anyone to see
In the short term, this will be the greatest storyboard tool ever.  In the long term?  Movies.  Full movies.  In the extreme long term?  Good movies!!
Ayo
This is so cool!
This is absolutely insane
I could see this in helping me produce art that still remains in my own style. I could just tell it to make a picture in my art style.
10:21 that keyboard is triggering me more than it should.
This is so impressive
Ultimately, it's using images from the real world, whether from artists or still photography (and even from your uploaded shots of the crew).  Is it making art? Subjectively, yes, but it isn't so much Making the art wholesale as it is Meshing the art (with surprisingly crisp results) from a group of reference images.  It's fascinating, but it does add the fear for many - myself included - that art will become nothing more than a building block to chuck into an AI Generator to churn out more varied and nuanced content at frightening speeds.  It's got potential, but at the end of the day its function is not to Create art, but Combine. And that distinction is the only thing keeping me sane.
Awesome and powerful new tool!! so excited to experiment with it!! also fantastic note to end on addressing the moral implications as well
4:04 😆 🤣 😂  I love these thick Batman renders....... epic!
I'm trying to learn digital art right now... this is gutting.
I really Enjoyed this episode, love love love, look at me laughing hard my chest off when I was seeing the images along with the story telling, I had so fun watching this episode
Thank you for your end message. I also have my name very often used as a prompt. Now, every single days, I have my name associated with pictures I haven't made, and most that don't I like at all , without any explanation . So basically it just floods my art  with AI version of my art , which is a real pain.
im speechless
Adding in the Sam scream at 15:37 is a surprise, but a welcome one.
Thick Batman #2 was actually awesome
Im sorry but the outputs of the ia are faked and/or heavy manipulated/enhanced, those are too good, unless we are talking of a lot if iterations here
You should definitely try Midjourney
This isn't actually drawing is it? Seems to be just scouring the net for the most suitable image that already exists and adding a face or whatever to it.  Sucks to be the real artist of the pics the program chooses.
React to "Bramhastra Part One - Shiva" VFX.
Can these ai pictures be copyrighted? How would this all work?
Its already gone the way of NFTs. Started off quite interesting, then the art stealers and crypto bros adopt it and it becomes a horrible sea of theft. Good video though.
Seems like Niko didn't know about seeds when generating images or img2img. Maybe next time!
I’m just blown away at thicc Batman
yea but can the common man do this in an economical fashion?
Political figures.  Oh, the possibilities.
Now combine this with Ai text generators to let an AI write the story and another AI draw it. That would be an interesting thing to do.
This would be a cool way for you guys to make posters of your D&D characters stuff using this AI program and sell them.
Such a great episode guys, I want to learn how you do that Niko
8:44 DUDE GROSS! CLEAN THAT THING!
its not that it cant' its that they wont. Its dangerous in so many ways to let users do real people.
Thank you so much, I really wanted to see your take on this!
4:02. When batman missed the workouts due to his workload at Corridor Crew😁. AI is superficially growing from past 1-2 months; DALLE, Midjourney and Stable diffusion. What's next🧐
SNAAAAAAAAAKE !
For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: And that he was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve:   (1 Corinthians 15:3-5) - It's a short-lived journey through life. Believe in Jesus Christ, Repent and be saved.
Sam looks like SUCH A BAD-ASS in all of these renderings.
Great vid as always, guys! Impressive stuff!
Does one of those batman renders have three ears?!?!?!?
Nico, reports of the death of VFX are greatly exaggerated.  But Dreambooth has got my attention.
where can I get that yellow shirt Niko is wearing with this skeleton eating corn?
Imagine if they used ai like this but more specialized to make your game character. You could just upload a few pictures of yourself and they could make a super accurate character version of you.
This is 100% pure, unadulterated, bad. For thousands of reasons ranging from mildly annoying to completely devastating.
Tech cool I guess. . . But that story was LIT!!
That keyboard at 10:21 needs a deep cleaning.  Amazing video though! xD
Ha!! Transformer-Sam looks like normal Thanos😅
Oh, I'm gonna abuse it! That's gonna be great reference!
As a traditional and digital artist, I see AI art as yet another tool for my belt. I see a lot of the same arguments against AI art that were once leveled against programs like procreate and even adobe photoshop. Thing truth is, I don’t see it replacing traditional art, but enhancing it. Instead of using tons of extra paper sketching out an image until I get something just right, I just generate a couple of images and use them as reference. In short, it makes my job easier and saves the environment in the process.  Often times, the images I generate aren’t exactly what I’m looking for, but they do provide a good concept image.
The high speed evolution of AI🤖 technology in art is astounding!  However, as a struggling artist who has been working on my craft all my life this feels like a big kick in the nuts🥜🦿 LOL🤣 and a robot 🤖CRUSH step on my creative hands! ✍  (punt intended!)   With that being said on the spiritual side of things Humans/Artist are always evolving as we are Godly spiritual beings living a human experience.  And once we evolve beyond that AI 🤖will be irrelevant as AI🤖 has no soul! And AI🤖 will never be able to replicate that! Facts! lol 😆 Well unless we all get asimmulated like the borg, in that case we are all fkd! lol🤖🤣  great episode guys!😉👍👏
Really loved Niko's refexion at the end, I think AI is going to bring a new kind of artist but there's still a lot to talk about when comparing these and non-AI-assisted artists. Anyways looking forward to see the future of these technologies!
Me 20 years from now. "AI? Generate a LOTR movie for me... As directed by Quentin Tarantino with Steve Buscemi doing all the roles."
A.I. doesn't simply use other artists as reference, it literally strips all the different brush strokes from everywhere it finds and compiles it together. It's not creating as much it's own strokes or compositions as it's *literally* stripping thousands of others and combining it all in to one. There's potential for legal ramification because of this.
‍🚀🚀✨🙄🥶💀🎗🌷🏵🏵🏵🏵🍂🍂🌀 *Because of  love. God sent His Son Jesus Christ to die in our place. Three days later. Rose him  from the dead.*   *Now. By Jesus Christ alone. God has granted us the free gift of eternal life. He will save and heal you.*  *If you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead* *He'll give you eternal life* *(Look up at the sky and ask God)*
damn bro, the ai is able to do everything so fucking well but it stll cannot draw hands correctly HAHAHAHAHA.  that is literally the strongest testament i have ever seen to how fucking difficult it is to draw the human hand.  literally took me years of practice to get decent at it, dont worry computer software, i understand the struggle. XD
What's that tune that plays at 13.28?
In Max Tegemarks book "Life 3.0" (which is a very interesting read and recommending it) it is is suggested that you should study in fields of work that AI still can't really master, jobs that require human interaction for example. A lot of work can already be done by machines and AI, we're going towards a more or less fully AI controlled world, where the AI might do more work and important decisions than humans. We (the people) and the goverments need to prepare for that.
"This software is sort of like going to a library with millions of images" - This is a gross (and harmful) misconception. Stable Diffusion is not "photoshopping images together". It is not some big database of images. Indeed, trained on 2,3 billion images but with the weightings being only 2GB, that's less than 1 byte stored per image - far, far less than Google knows about them! Indeed, an artist's portfolio with hundreds of images of dozens of megabytes each might be represented in the amount of data present in a single tweet!  But how? I'll try to keep it brief.  To de-magic-ify neural nets, they're basically just massive "statistics solvers". For any problem that you have a ton of interconnected variables, they can help find the best (or at least a good) set of likely relationships between their elements. If anyone took calculus and remembers Newton's Method, just think that, but on a massive scale. They're trained via what's called backpropagation: for a given training input, you get an output, how good each part solved the problem is determined, and the level of error is not just fed to the neuron that provided it, but it also feeds its errors back to what provided inputs to them, and so on all the way back to the original input neurons. So the whole net trains on the error levels of the outputs for a given input.  It's a giant pile of linear algebra.  So, neural nets can be used to solve all sorts of problems - again, they're relationship finders. So let's look at one: reverse diffusion. Picture adding a drop of dye to some slowly-swirling water. Makes cool patterns as it diffuses, right? Okay, freeze-frame. We know that physics can solve for how that dye will diffuse going forward. But we can also try to solve for it going backwards - to find what the drop looked at any point in time in the past, all the way up to the original drop. We can train a neural net with what forward diffusion looks like, and then have it try to guess at what the timestep beforehand looked like, all the way back to the original drop.  And if the drop is pretty recent, it'll do a good job. Of course, the longer the drop has been swirling, the less accurate iwll be, and if it's diffused to the point that the whole glass of water is coloured, it'll still guess at how things got there, but it'll basically give you a random drop.  Well, we can also diffuse and reverse diffuse images. Just add some static - that's diffusion. Train a neural net to clean it up - that's reverse diffusion. Again, they're relationship-solvers; it's trying to find the most probable relationship based on the data it's being fed, relative to its training (with which "normal relationships for images") were captured.  Great! Only, not so great. The problem is that images are *really big*, and that makes it hard to reverse diffuse them. So instead, we're going to jump to an entirely different thing you can use neural nets for: embeddings.  Let's first look at your brain. When you memorize an image, are you memorizing each pixel? And doing operations on a bunch of pixels? Of course not - you're breaking it down into an *embedding* . Latent space. Conceptual space. "Ficus. Ficus is left of window. Window is wooden and crosshatched. Tree outside of window, washed out with sunlight."  ... on and on and on.  And then when you want to recall something, to bring it back from this embedding, your imagination fills in the gaps. The less you remember, the more work your imagination does - hence, older, faded memories are less accurate.  Any sort of information can be broken down into much smaller concepts - images, sounds, text, whatever. And you can train a neural net to do just like what your brain does: encode some big image into some tiny embedding, try to restore it from the embedding, and reward/punish the net based on how accurate the output is. And the neat thing about these conceptual embeddings is that you can do logical relationships on them! For example, the embedding for "woman" plus the embedding for "king" minus the embedding for "man" will resemble the embedding for "queen".  So back to diffusion. We now have a system where we encode an image to an embedding, then *reverse diffuse the embedding* , then decode the embedding.  So now we're no longer reverse diffusing images, but concepts! Trying to make *concepts* make more sense. Since the embeddings are much smaller than images, this works much better! And if you feed it in static as your image, then you'll get basically a random-but-plausible image out.  But what about text prompts?  Well, remember the two key details: (A) you can encode anything to embeddings, including text, and (B) you can do logical operations on embeddings and have them still make sense.  So you have an image encoder that creates an image embedding and a text encoder that creates a text embedding.  These are then dot-producted together to unify the two embeddings into a single embedding.  Reverse diffusion is run on that, to make the concepts therein make more sense. And then you have a text decoder and an image decoder.  So for training, you feed in an image and its associated text into their respective encoders, Gaussian noise is added to randomly diffuse the image, the embeddings are unified, reverse diffusion is run, both text and image decoders are run on it, how accurate the text and image outputs are is determined, and all output neurons backpropagate all the way back to the input neurons, training along the way.  For running text to image, you start out the same, but you have no image to provide, just random noise (created from a seed). You run reverse diffusion for any number of cycles, and then you don't bother with the text decoder, just the image decoder. And viola, you have your output.   :)  To put this back into plain English: your text is being broken down into concepts in the embedding (the latent space). Those concepts are unified with meaningless image noise. These concepts don't make sense as corresponding to this meaningless noise. The reverse diffusion net tries to make them make sense. And then the decoder turns them back from concepts into images.  With less than 1 byte of weightings accumulated on average per training image, is it storing whole images? *Not even remotely* . It *cannot* recreate any given image it was trained to.  Certain motifs that appear often throughout the training dataset - say, the Mona Lisa, or an American flag, or whatnot - will get learned pretty well, because it's repeatedly exposed to them. But for the most part, for any given author, it's learning *styles*. What's being stored in that "1 tweet's worth of information" about them is statistical relationships about "what's different about their style from *everything else on the internet* " (or at least from "everything else in the training dataset). So it might be unusually dark colours, or a particular type of weird brushstrokes, or a habit of drawing cats, or anything you can imagine - it's solving for, "what's the most meaningful unique statistical relationships here for the concepts behind this image".  That is to say, it's learning "styles".  Just a tiny bit about any particular subject.  But when that "tiny bit" is combined about what it's learned about *all other subjects*, it yields spectacular results. It doesn't have to learn cats from scratch just because you drew a cat. It doesn't have to learn clouds from scratch just because you drew a cloud.  It only has to learn what's unusual about *your* cats, what's unusual about *your* clouds.  And this is exactly how we humans learn as well: from observation.  To the point that archaeologists track the migration of civilizations by changes in the art styles found in the archaeological. record. "Oh, this culture paints pots that have these characteristics, but this other culture paints them with these different characteristics." It applies to all media. Western ghosts were generally covered in white sheets (a throwback to the burial shroud that used to be used). Other artists just extensively copied this. But Japanese ghosts wore white kimonos, had disheveled black hair, dangling hands, no feet, and surrounded by will-o-wisps. A lot of this stems from early kabuki portrayals of them, and again, other artists just extensively copied these tropes.    That doesn't mean that artists are copying *whole paintings* - they're just learning *concepts*. And each artist will usually innovate, at least somewhat. Maybe a given artist is so derivative that there's no new information to store at all.  Maybe another artist is so innovative that rather than 1 tweet to describe their collective works it takes half a dozen. But the general informational basis each artist operates on does not come from scratch: it comes from what they learned in their lives and what they learned from the art and techniques around them.  So anyway, I just thought it important to debunk this notion that programs like StableDiffusion just have some big library of images and when you provide a text prompt they're just photoshopping them together. That's not what's happening at all. And it's why SD can't given you any specific image from any specific artist (unless it's some super-famous image that's been repeated thousands of times in different forms in the dataset, like the Mona Lisa). The reason it can't do that is *because it doesn't know that image*. On average, it only learned a single byte from it. But that byte was added to its collective knowledge of "all other information", which - combined with many other works from said artist - it can use to create plausible things that the artist "might have created".
this is the reason why i dont like people platforming AI algorithms or stuff like midjourney bots on discord, stop platforming these apps, you are training them more and more, just stop. this is gonna ruin a lot of people's livelyhoods
I like this so much I might have to do it myself.
AI is the tool, who wrote the words is the one copying the style  Like a gun, it doesn't kill people, the one who pulled the trigger did.
I think this would be a really cool tool to help someone make a 3d model of something. Like putting it into the ai and using that as a base for the model
AI will soon make a lot more aspects of humanity obsolete, this is a start.
Is there a tutorial on how to do this?
A-freakin-mazing!
Ahhhh man I went to the GitHub to tty this out myself but I have no idea how to make it work hahaha
Artificial Intelligence is the biggest most life changing technology ever invented and will revolutionize society and every career field.
1:28  Niko: Sam, we're going to make history. Sam: Sweet.
The AI is very very forgiving in the hairline dept
We think in laws of physics  but I believe that laws of physics can be broken but we think in human thoughts that laws physics can not be broken.
Another day closer towards a Skynet-esque armageddon.
7:43 joker niko?
can it be used in google colab
Awesome and scary at the same time. Bittersweet...The key question, as you pointed out at the end of the video, concerns whose art is it when A.I. creates something based on other people's inputs, whether it's your input as you type on the keyboard or someone else's original creation as inspiration? Surely, the moment you use A.I. to produce an image of a drawing or painting, you could not claim the result as yours. Are you the artist because you typed a few word commands on a keyboard to get A.I. started? Surely not. Yet, the results are so fantastic - as you've shown in your video - that the artist, or the traditional idea of an artist, will have to change. For example, in your video, Niko, you were not the artist who could claim any rights to the pictures that were generated, but you ARE the artist when it comes to the medieval story you put together. For sure, A.I. will change many things in our lives: look what you were able to do with a few snapshots and a few keystrokes on the computer keyboard... Look also at deepfakes. The creative world is going to change dramatically soon. The big question is how will A.I. change our world when used in a more nefarious way (military) or when A.I. becomes sentient? as I said: bittersweet.
I feel like technology like this could become an amazing resource for reference art. While its not perfect, it can definitely help cut down time searching for something super specific or give a solid jumping off point
fucking love it. it will delet all those so called "artists" that can only work in digital, and bring it back to where art belongs. Traditional.
VFX react bollywood movie - Brahmastra
🤯
i guess the real end of the line for us will be when we'll be able to generate good animation from those tools. lets imagine this combine to some sort of all time movie database + a powerfull 3d render engine
WEINERBUTT!!  (got your attention) Would it be possible for you guys to add CGI to the live action dinosaurs in Jurassic Park?  Like nostrils flaring, muscles jiggling, necks wiggling, to add more cohesiveness between the CG and live action puppet shots?  Or maybe even to enhance Bruce the Shark from Jaws? Like to enhance the hard work the puppeteers and artists made without taking away from their creations.   Always been a thing on my mind lol.  Thanks!!
Wow
I feel a parallel, like Artists are taking on the legend of John henry through digital media.  :( times are definitely changing and for better or for worse, this is the new age.
I hate this As an artist, this is just depressing
It won't be long before a videogame has this AI built in and it makes a 3D character model of the player with some added coolness. Should be easy enough to process on a PS5 or Xbox Series X GPU. Maybe Microsoft or Sony will release an update that allows the console to perform such processing while in rest mode.
how is the install done and is there a tutorial on this????
Why isnt Wren part of the story? hahahah I felt bad for him he was like eagerly waiting for his character to show up :(
ever seen the movie "S1m0ne" that's not sci-fiction anymore 😁
4:07 fuckin sent me.  Joker, what have you done to me?
7:07 Then just don't use Facebook. You'll feel allot better afterwards I promise.
i think it\d be a great way to commission artists in a way since people type in their names for prompts to execute a certain style. a royalty based system since some of the ai softwares are paid subscriptions. moving forward, there should be a way to bring in output while  also helping out the artists.
How many weeks until this can be used to create customized porn?!
There needs to be a digital finger print on these that tells that these were made by AI. Because if not, anybody can pass these off as their work of art for money which will greatly diminish the work of real digital artists.
As a beginner digital artist, this is both deeply demotivating and also a huge wake up call. If artists at my level don't start diversifying or finding a unique style/vision that appeals to the masses fast then this will be a creative path not worth going into anymore. But on the other hand, this is huge as a reference tool. I know I frequently struggle to find references that complement my vision so it would definitely be cool to be able to generate a reference that suits my specific needs right off the bat and work from there.
I feel like this is going to ruin a lot of artists' careeres. Who will want to pay hundreds of dollars for each individual painting when they can pay a much cheaper monthly subscription that gives them access to an infinite amount of paintings that they can change and edit on the fly. As cool as it is, it's also very sad.
And so begins the ending of hand drawn artwork of every medium. Eventually such things will spill over into videos where criminals will be able to hack live video feeds & put innocent peoples faces onto their own..... What will art be like in 10-20 years from now? It is bad enough already where the current young generation cannot even read, write, or speak properly and now future artists won't even know how to use their own imagination, let alone how to use a pencil & paper.... Computer edited pop music anyone....?
so how can we actually play with ourselfs? Like puttin in multiple pictures and all that
“This. Changes. Everything.”
GET REAL
i love how wrens a horse.
"What are you doing beyond that, to make it your art?" ---powerful stuff!
If human creation stops, AI does too… Human artists will always matter and are always the first.
Need to gift Steve a print of that picture
WOW! The NEW Frontier for the CREATIVE Mind! The most MINDBLOWING thing I have seen!.... YET! Got to try this soon for Concept Art etc. Hope they make it simpler to use this AI locally!
But can the AI, take a book, and make a graphic novel?
my Christmas cards this year are gonna be lit
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMNNNNN ❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I would really like to see a video of you guys playing around with the Dream AI Addon for Blender. It's basically an addon that implements an AI engine to generate seamless textures from text prompts
Well now, I'm a professional illustrator and I wasn't worried about AI art, right up until I watched this video. I suppose I'll just have find a niche, painting in hands on pictures made by computers.
As an artist myself I can definitely seeing myself use these programs to create backgrounds and rough ideas where I can go in and do specific things I need to coz there’s stuff I just can’t do in digital paintings yet so this would be a life saver for sure but it’s absolutely going to be abused by companies and industries that will put people who need that job but now it no longer exists coz of AI. I just wonder what the legalities are or going to be using them like can u use someone else’s AI generated art ? Coz you can put I. The same prompts and stuff or do they even have a creating claims to the stuff it makes ?? Shits gonna get weird folks 😂
7:36 That looks a lot like Sebastian Vettel
3:09 I love how they use the TF2 Heavy laugh here.
This changes EVERYTHING
There are a lot of good points regarding  AI taking over from artists, but Niko's comment about making it your own is valid. As a musician getting into AI art, I equate it somewhat to sampling. The creative people will take it and make new fantastic pieces of work. The hacks won't.   But sampling hasn't stopped people from still wanting to learn the piano or guitar, or from starting bands. It just provided a gateway to new ideas. This can help open doorways for people where it was once inaccessible.
This is the "3D printing" of the artistic world.  In a few months, it will blow up. Be featured on mainstream media, with outrageous claims such as "make a picture of anything that is on your mind !". It will create a lot of hype, and draw a lot of people in. Then, few weeks later, the fall. People will start to realise that it's actually a bit more complex than just typing text and poof you get exactly what you wanted. In a year or so, this will just be another tool in artist's hand, helping them achieve their vision.   Why do I say that AI imagery is the 3D printing of artists ? With my engineering studies, i discovered 3D printing early 2010, so just before the hype. I was instantly hooked, and I bought one  instantly. I saw first hand the 3d printing boom, the rise of interest, the evolution of the hobby. I saw the mainstream media hype, calling the technology "the end of traditional manufacturing". People on TV saying that in 10 years of time, we'll all have our 3d printer at home like we all have paper printers today.  Then, the fall, when people got bored of printing trinkets designed by other. When their prints failed. When they had mechanical issues that needed tinkering. When they couldn't find something that was what they searched for. When they found the complexity of 3D modelling (when compared to text editing. 3D modelling is acessible, but most didn't anticipate the skilled part of 3d printing) Nowadays, most people use 3D printing as a tool or hobby : Cospaly, engineering, making toys ... people see it as a mean to an end : a part not easily acessible otherwise. It's been almost 10 years since i saw the "In 10 years time 3D printing will be in every home".   The only thig worrying me here is the potential harm that this tool can make. If it's really as simple as depicted here, you can go on anyone social media, get a bunch of pics, and that would be sufficient to have an AI training model ... Revenge pr0n is already a thing, and all the concerns with deepfake are now even more real since the models are already trained  ...  I'm super intrigued to see where this tech will go, and i'll sure be following your little experimentations !
I missed wren in the story
This is fantastic, great story and good bit of invoking thoughts at the end, like a he-man episode
The nerd in me loves this. The artist in me fears this. Thank you for mentioning the moral implication on this too. Almost all of these AI image generators use real, preexisting artwork as a base under these circumstances. And since its literally just a click away, I have already seen dozens of people trying to claim AI generated art as their own, when I can clearly see a piece I know being used as a base. But this shit is cool! I am very tempted to get a metal gear pfp of my own now! lol
The future is scary
FUCKING HELL!!!!!!
14:42 😂 "Remember me"
Well, damn...... I want to have my own Yoji Shinkawa style profile picture.
i would love to see an actual tutorial on how you did this stuff
lol be nice to the AI, hands are hard to draw
No more Getty images for me
Can you please show the crew as Jojo characters especially Sam
So we upload our picture to the apps/site?
This is one of the best C C episode, might give this a go myself
Would love to see you remake the Max Payne comic book cutscenes
how can i use this
what's the song starting starting at 0:47 to 1:28 ? I was moved right at the start just by the audio! Please let us know what are the songs that you put in your video, you have really good taste, well at least the same taste as I haha.
WOW wow and WOW, super excited to try this out :)
Its sooo hard to install it Could u make a tutorial, or ask that guy to make Instructions more easier for people Thanks
A lot of people don't seem to realise all of this AI generated art is based on hundreds of not thousands of different artists work. Not a single one gave their consent for their hard work to be stolen by these ai devs.  I'm an independent illustrator and my career could be killed by these AI in the future. It's a genuinely terrifying thing to see people promote this technology that will one day make thousands of artists completely obsolete.
Story boarding just became a breeze. Imagine how easily book illustrators or movie writers can bring their ideas to life. It’s exciting. Scary, yes.
MIND BLOWING!!!!!!!!!!!!
*sweating intensely*
Yeap, I've written a book and put my illustrations there but always wanted more detailed or in a different style that I didn't master yet. Imagine what can be done now with this tech. Wondering if the price for real human artists will go drastically down... or up
Okay soo… 4 years of college is useless cus ai is taking over,……..
13:08 - said every marvel actor ever
Now I'm waiting for an AI generated DnD manga
Think of AI as alchemists figuring out how to print gold. The next morning, they're rich, but by the end of the day, there's so much gold, that it's worthless. It's the same thing. Dove into AI 2 weeks ago. For me it's a storytelling tool. Before I'd pass on projects that were beyond my budget, and now I get to catch up, because suddenly, any story can be told and turned into a colorful pitch. AI doesn't stop at art. It can script a story for you. It can do a voiceover. There is a variation of AI for every production task. A single person with ideas no longer needs assistance, and the timeframes are manageable. It's like a 10x productivity multiplier. But also by extension a 1:10 value reducer. This will kill a ton of jobs. And AI doesn't stop here. Just wait till it's as good at synthesizing videos and doesn't take 48 hours of training to do. Just one more GPU iteration, and your studio won't need artists. It'll need typists and poets.
Where can i download the ai to use it for myselfe
this is huge! the only thing missing from AI art was continuity! This is huge, here come the graphic novels!!
Is this real??? How do i get one!!!
this actually blew my brain I didn't even know ai came this far this is actually insane the level of detail last time I saw ai generated pics they just looked like really blurry smudged pictures
AI art is both the scariest and most exciting evolution of AI
give it a week and the outpouring of new celebrity porn will consume the entire internet. So much easier using a tool like this the insta-generate billions of images
13:05 that horse is majestic af
the dreambooth stable diffusion was made by joe penna. i had to double check and it actually IS MysteryGuitarMan!!!
Really cool but kinda scary piece og technology! Im glad Niko made that bit in the end!
That's crazy... some of these are really good
Where is Wren in the story ?
a great way to avoid the plagiarism thing is to stack artists in the prompts. "by greg rutkowski and frank frazetta and drew struzan and norman rockwell"
In discussion of the moral implications, I think it should be said you should separate the art from the artist. What makes an artist's art so special is that *their style or their art was done by them.* In a world where inspiration spans beyond what we're capable of comprehending, an individual's style is only the sum of its parts when everything is inspired by something, and by numerous different things. If an artist does something in their own style, it's a continuation of the great work *they've been doing..* ..so therefore it's special. But if someone imitates that style, it is simply inspired by the predecessor's eye for detail, it is not copying, it is not stealing, it is not immoral. That artist didn't make it, so therefore it is not a true representation of their work being exploited, because there will ultimately always be things that artist wouldn't do if it were their work. There will always be creative directions that artist wouldn't have taken - and so that's what separates things.  It becomes a different story if someone tried to sell something for an extortionate amount, as the artist they're imitating. *That* is when it becomes stealing - because that is fraud. In music terms, if I made a Strokes styled album and tried to sell it as rare unreleased Strokes music - it is Stealing their style for profit, and is fraud. But simply copying their style and making new music yourself will simply be seen as inspiration. And that happens throughout all of music. Just look at: The Strokes > Arctic Monkeys  or  Queen  > The Darkness  or  The Beachboys > The Beatles  or  Sex Pistols > Idles  or  Led Zeppelin > Geta Van Fleet
what if you would feed this model with a bunch of hand images and call it just hand.. or make variants like hand1-10 as a tag.. would it help with hand generation?
Love this episode! I'ma try this out 😆
As an artist I find this fascinating and also terrifying. It could be a useful tool, but the implications of what it could do to working artists in a few years is scary. Think how it could be trained to harass people online with obscene images.. Or worse. The can of worms this opened is wild.
From now on this is what Sam will use for his Son of a Dungeon NPCs. Town crier with Sam'ss face, Midwife with Sam's face, everyone with Sam's face... Can't wait
SInce these are images are basically being created from a library of millions of images, where does copyright come into this?  Because there is no 'hands on' creation, isn't this basically art theft?  Type in your name as Mickey Mouse.... see how disney feels about it.
Holy molly, i'm both exciting and terrify byt those AI. Honestly, right now, i don't know how to react.
Porn tags do not work, I tried it for you.
What software is this?
imagine next Picasso will be an AI named timmy...
My main concern is how many people are going to lose their jobs because of this technology. The privileged and the tech sector never think about whether this tech actually makes the world better. They just do it because they can. Speaks volumes about the people working in that industry.
I am loving MidJourny myself
I hope this tech gets used for the good and its not the beginning of the end for actual artists.
It disturbs me greatly that you didn't try to see how Sam would look like skinny/buffed/bodybuilder/black/young/old/female etc
We didn't bully nerds enough and see what happens?
This is an evolution of the artist’s tool set, not a replacement of the artist themselves. We’re a long way from chewing crushed rocks and spitting your hand print onto a cave wall, the techniques and tools have always changed. The creativity of using the tool’s output is the artistic part as Nico’s story showed.
я в ахуе )
This is amazing technology
Speaking as an artist myself, I'm scared.  This stuff is only going to get better and the allure for anyone wanting concept images for next-to-nothing is only going to grow stronger. I get that it could go either way though... I imagine that most people who actually enjoy art, illustration and animation, would prefer having an artist they enjoy do it for them, but the giant shadow in the corner continues to loom over. literally learning from each piece that it's trained on.  Just think of the scams this could create.
i love the pixar looking Niko in the thumbnail.
Great ending commentary
Please make a PLAYABLE demo game🎮 based upon your story line📜📖 featuring all of your cast and crew!!! FOR: PC 🖥💻please🙏😇!!?? Thanks😁😄🥰!!!
Daaaamn
@6:10 "Corridor Crew accidentally stumbles upon all the themes, metaphors, and symbolism for Hideo Kojima's next videogame."
18:37 it’s more of like going to a library and telling the librarian what genre you want and have the librarian read it to you… so technically did you read the book?
the downfall starts, the war begins once more...
No Wren?
The one thing that comes to me regarding the use of this tool, is concept work. This would be great for a solo 3D artist to use as concept to then use to build 3D models and scenes.
This was an amazing video. AI is scary but insane at the same time
Yes, this is kind of terrifying and a threat to the whole creative industry. But, the one thing that I think will still hold an AI like this back (at least for now) is the fact that it cannot generate anything original. It's all based off a style. Ultimately, it only works because it has fantastic input from talented creators. Anyone who wants something innovative will still need to turn to real artists.
Mindblowing – and thank you for touching on the question of morals.
This is amazing! I can’t wait for AI to create video and see what you guys can do with that. What a time to be alive.
Copying? Plagiarism or forgery?
What happens when you can animate the images?
this really feels like 2014 youtube, watching vanoss and his friends joking around, this is great youtube
This looks like are product of 4IR (4th Industrial Revolution) . Not bad or good but an entire landscape of opportunities. As an artist, a bit scary, as a participant, opportunity for a new kind of art. The same when cameras were invented in a world of specialised portrait painters. Cars replaced horses but look at the speeds we can reach and how crazy they can look, open a new world to explore like aerodynamics... A bit scary but also opportunity   Always exciting to see you vfx experiments and reactions. Thx
In some ways this will open a new field of art "written\spoken" art. This will obviously impact the less talented artists but I think the true originators will still survive. The next step will be to feed a film into AI and regenerate it into any style and time period. Thats when the IP lawyers will really have the battle to define where does the boundary of artistic ownership really lie.
my future art job has just been terminated
it either devalues an artists work into the ground, or does the opposite.
Where can you learn how to modify your face photos in this program?
While the tech is crazy and really interesting, it must stings for young and aspiring digital artists to see this. Now when someone want a cool profile picture, a cover for their new book, or album. They won't comission small artists that they like, they will just imput prompts into an AI.  A bit sad
GG WP story board artist
This is gonna generate SOOO many PFPs
I love your content, but I hate your ads.
As an artist who relies on commissions, I unreservedly hate AI art. It’ll soon be at a point where the monster is out of the cage and it won’t be able to be put back in. The general public view it as a fun toy, but it’s going to cost people jobs/money. Not to mention it makes a mockery of those of us who have worked for years to be in a position to earn a living from our art only to see it churned out with a literal bloody ‘make art’ button. It was also quite demoralising to see this all so gleefully celebrated in this video with only a 30 second morality PSA at the end. I hope in future there can be a more serious discussion video made on all this.
As an artist by my self, I have to say I'm amazed and scared at the same time. That's crazy. That will definitely change a lot of things over time.
If AI could turn prose into stylistic animations...
This will be a phone app with in the next 5-10 years, with how technology is developing these days 😂.
This makes me glad I didn't choose digital art as my career.
Great thoughts at the end Niko 🙌🏻🙌🏻
I think it would be only fair that this would be a paid service and any time you reference an artist they should get a comission like in spotify.
This will make some great rule34
This software will be amazing for DnD Videos
Crazy
How do I download this thing? I know where to go I just don't know what to do.
We went through this ethical debate when sampling became a thing in music. Very interesting to see where this will lead to.
I'm an animator/artist and truly, this is  I N C R E D I B L E. Gotta try this out.
Use this for your dnd show
So Artistry of the future will be style rather then pen. How many images does it take to create a style?
The most depressing corridor crew video... And by the way, what if someone starts using this mechanism for 18+ content?
4:14 I love how Sam Batman got 3 horns.
Bruh jokes aside technology is getting insane
The ad made me think you could easily feature products by having your likeness wear them before even shopping lol
OMG ....
As an amateur artist, I dont know how to feel about this AI Algorithm. Also makes me feel bad for concept artists.
This is super dope for dnd
Wait did they forget to add wren lmaooo
I’m scared as an artist  But challenge accepted 💪🏼🥲
Useful description for once on youtube that relates to the video????????
Putting Yoji Shinkawa or Greg Rutkowski in your prompts might feel like fun and games but I wonder how will you guys feel in 10-20 years when there will be AI for making movies and you can put Corridor Digital in prompt to copy your style. And people will put it on the web as their movies. :).
OK the cosplay community has challenge accepted.  We love making art. So this gives us options and amazing images.
18:11 lmao i love this
This is awesome. So much creativity.
I like to think that we still need all those existing great artwork to train the AI, without them already created by great artists, AI won't have the material to learn right?
This topic is an amazing one. I almost demand more
18:00 honestly sounds like you do have all the answers , you just want to scurt around the subject until the moral gray area is further deepened.  And it's  okay to undermine copyright or the artist ability to earn a living for the hard work they did to get there .  If style is something big corporations and business alike can just pluck off an AI and that's what they'll do it no license need no charge for commission pure profit no considerations.
I’d love to know if it takes chunks of source images - or creates each brush stroke by total generation. Either way, it should cite it’s source images, be it chunk by chunk or percentage influenced by.
This must be an amazing tool for One man devs/ indie companies/ game modders.
The way I see it there's nothing wrong making your own art using AI but if you start monetizing it that's when it becomes a problem.
We need this again, or added to a DnD campaign.
I think this technology has the potential to give writers some new kick of inspiration. Honestly.
as a concept art student...   man idk
I love how as the video goes on, you both - particularly Sam - look more and more panicked by what's coming out of the software.  This is the correct response I think.
This is insane. when the story writing ai developpes fully  every artist will become jobless.
How do I use Dall-E 2? when I go to the website, it wants me to log in with an invite.
Knowing that ai cant draw hands better than me really makes me feel better about my self
I think it's kinf of scary that this technology, if it becomes popular, might limit our artistic possibilities. It only reuses existing input, so you have to be careful to always also create and explore new things
working in the creative field it’s save to say you can’t win against AI. The only solution is to join forces, and quantum leap creativity
Sam looks like the responsible adult that keeps the kids in line during story time
I was thinking only yesterday how we will be able to, very soon, create a full movie but all with A.I There are some things that need working on and those things are aready being dealt with but we are alost there already.  A.I could write the story and script, create the actors by either creating compleatly new ones or using existing ones, create the sets , Design and create the costumes, fully animate the characture doing whatever they need to be doing, the voice can match that of the real actors or A.I generated ones and follow the scrip, and even the FX and movie score can be created with such A.I.  Once a few little things are ironed out and someone puts the A.I all into one or have a few that work together to create these things, i think A.I creating a full movie would very much be possible and even to have it looking as real as those we already see when watching a movie.  It could put many people out of buisness because movie studios would want to save money yet make lots of it. With this kind of technology, they could do just that and have less of a need for so many staff as the A.I would take care of the rest. All they would really need is one person to push a button or type a few suggestions of the type of movie they want to make and the job is done.
I want to do this so bad
The landlord😂😂
Disgusting honestly why are you feeding the hype that Ai can and should as steal artists jobs
You use ai to tell a consistent story but how about paying artist you could've hired a consistent livable wage
Man I loved the A.I art and the way how Niko narrated the story but where is Wren 👍👍 . I was waiting till last sec to see his photo.. 😢😢
I love the positivity of that final message. This is something that has been really scary for me. But I've recently been imagining a future in which I'm empowered as an artist.  In the medium term (100 years maybe?) there will be a time in which A.I. will make baseline humans ecconomically irrelevant. However somewhere between now and then the blurry lines between humans and machine will be hard to define.   In the long term I think of those that come after us as the children of our species and civilization. A good parent would never want to hold back their child out of fear and jealousy that they will be surpased. In fact it is the hope of parents that their children surpass them. We just have to guide our successors and ensure that they inherit our best qualities.
It’s not a stretch to think in a couple of years, A.I. would hit a milestone that would truly threaten artists on a universal scale; two factors I believe, define a real threat that could utterly destabilize the job market: 1. A.I. generated imagery becomes virtually indistinguishable from art created by artists, 2. A.I. achieves greater accuracy of understanding and executing descriptions; rendering art commissions solely on A.I. would merely cost electricity fees for whatever machine is used to host the A.I. In addition, when A.I. could remember desired details from previous images to create highly detailed and consistent storyboards…so, guess what? Storyboard artists are probably at major risks if A.I. could become unprecedentedly precise in understanding descriptions and how to execute them most effectively.   In general, when the breakthrough comes…which we all know it will, artists will have to prepare to suffer greater trouble than what they’re already going through or quit their expertise as a career. Some will probably do better and some won’t, it’s uncertain the scale of change it would bring, but many would have to choose a life-changing crossroad in their life when it happens.
Steve was the best without a doubt.
7:01 Sam as Kratos is really believable and looks great
I love their excitement about this and I also like how they're legit huddled around for story time 🤣🤣🤣
4:18 Penguin takes the mantle of Batman
This is inspirational indeed, you write your favorite artist or style, and your subject, and try to simply mimic it, and usually as you go, someone who truthfully wants to make his own stuff by hard to be creative, can in process alter things or create own signature, start playing around with stuff as you learn how this and that is being drawn and made. It's like tutorials, except instead of a tutorial that has that artist's image you can see how your idea might look at the end.
❤
Lots of artists are about to lose their jobs
The name Rutkowski is now more powerfull than it has ever been.
Is there a tutorial video or step by step directions on how to use this tool.
The average viewer doesn't care about the process, if it looks good it is good when the end product is all about the viewing experience. Concept/VFX/3d/texture and countless other artists will go the way of the 'tweeners' before digital animation. A good story will be the point of difference when everything looks amazing. The truth is you can't beat faster/cheaper(/better) - if people cared about human input and really thought that products that take longer to produce are better - we wouldn't be buying everything from China. Not many jobs are safe when it comes to AI; Hairdressers and housepainters will possibly hold out longer than most but if a person can do it, a computer can do it better...This is progress. The whole movie business will change radically in the next few years - a good writer will be able to do most of it - download actor models and sets, mess with some sliders to change the score, refine costumes etc with a few clicks....A single text prompt like 'Dramatic dark moon volume lighting slowly becoming lighter and clearer as hero gets closer to camera1' will replace scores of professionals....On the bright side - story telling will get really good!
A really cool use of this is if you are a visual artist is to train a model with your own work and when you need inspiration, use this tool and the idea you have in your head to at least get an idea of what you might do or want to do. If you are like me, there are times where you struggle to get an idea out onto the paper/screen/canvas. This would be a way to get bits and pieces you can use.  This way, instead of being scared of this technology, learn to use it to your advantage!
I despise the concept of AI art. People have been made obsolete in too many subjects already- and now it’s happening in core expression as well. My creative medium isn’t painting, but I can empathize with people who do so, and it really sucks for them.
Koalas arent bears!
aw no wren
Man I wish I could run this, but I only have a 3080 Ti. Been having a lot of fun with Stable Diffusion, but it definitely gets stuck with some prompts. Even certain celebrities don't quite look right, which I'm guessing is because the training images would obviously include other people with similar names to those celebrities, so you kind of get a bit of a blend between people with that.  This would be a great tool for a small studio to generate some quick concept art or storyboards if they can't afford to hire someone for that purpose.
6:04 SAM KNOWS WHAT THE AI LIKES
As an artist who spent years an 1000s OF HOURS studying my craft, I honestly hate this. I get paid shit for art so I have to work at a fucking gas station. This just reinforces the idea that art is worthless because anyone (even an AI) can do it.
Those of us who still do art the old school manual way are called Brushwankers
Ok so I actually am a digital artist. I’m not known but I have sold my work and it’s my passion. I keep asking my self how I feel about all this AI? Firstly, I really don’t feel comfortable with it being it art competitions, UNLESS it’s one based around AI and it’s clearly stated it’s one for that specifically. That I’m 100% ok with. But if someone just churns out a couple AI images when I spent countless hours hand painting an image? That’s not a show of skill. Is it a show of your artistic ability? Sort of yea. You had to type in ideas enough to land on what you had in mind. But it DEFINITELY doesn’t show me that you can draw or paint those things by hand. So in that regard. It definitely has its place. Now if we’re talking about copying others work in their styles? Claiming it’s your work? Making money off it? You are the literal worst.
Being Sam Gorski
3:43 HOLY SHIT THIS IS
It seems like every month there has been crazy progress in AI digital art. From Dall-e to Google to Stable Diffusion and like dozens of others
Very neat, but the minute this does stable motion renders, 90% of the industry disappears. No doubt there will be humans making art/graphic design/motion graphics/vfx, but who wants to pay them what they are worth when AI can steal styles and generate anything for pennies on the dollar. Learn to use it by all means and maybe you can be one of the lucky few making a living typing the prompts to make “art.”
This is game changing, Imagine how much this can help in choose a cast member for animated movies.
I was confused to make portraits for my room walls, but watching this .... man I got whole another level ideas....
We made a video showcasing some of the AI art we've done, but CLAIMED nothing about how it was 'OURS' we showcased it, said "This is a TOOL" - and where possible we shared our starting points.  The problematic is when it IS literally so close to the original you wonder if it's going to be a lawsuit, and in our video WE LITERALLY showed a selection of comic style pieces we made via a second life picture (that we'd already created in SL) - and most of them came up like 1990s Andy Kubert, and it made me realize that you DO need to be more careful of using 'ARTIST PROMPTS" - because they DO train these models with artists work without permission.
this plus adobe character animator. tracking your face and eyes. please try and let me know if it works!
even though i want to use it my laptop can't handle it, maybe i should use some cloud computing
I need a tutorial! 😳 this is amazing
How epic is print on Jordan's t-shirt! He actually did it!
Kill me now.
@corridor crew juat want to point out if you are legit giving out freebies or something i got a reply from one of you recent videos lately that i won not what it was.
he’s sounding like colin robinson
I think you look crazy with that hair.
Would it be possible to load your own art style
People who were saying ai not gonna eat your job its already doing it.
You guys should check out Phil Tippet's Mad Gods. Another interesting stop motion is House
Is it the death of VFX or simply a major paradigm shift?
I feel pity for all the realism artists out there
How can I install this on my own computer?
Absolutely incredible. I’ve been excited about AI image generators since the first DALLE, and I truly believe it’ll enable everyone to create entire films from scratch. I imagine within my lifetime a tool which allows user input to create films/shows/specials/anything based solely on their descriptions of it, their skill, and their creatively express themselves.  PLEASE do more of this!
What’s the song at 1:12?
Part 2 of the story ;)
Amazing and slightly worrying. Will art nice forward if AI is just using reference images?
this is awesome!!!!!!!! i would love it if you guys did more of these
This was the best Sunday's episode I've seen in a long time guys. Well done! Please do more of this in the future
3:10 thats a wierd clap
Wow holy moly that is incredible. What a time to be alive
A fun episode but completely misleading thumbnail as there were no cartoon examples in the video at all
why wasn't wren included , pls don't leave my boy out 🥲
This is like NFT's but better in every way
A.I. literally takes "I'm about to end this man's whole career" to a whole new level.
Beautiful message and video!
I hate this, I always say ai won’t replace human creativity but this actually worries me. sure people will always make stuff but eventually what’s the point of making a full animation yourself when the computer will do it for you? Why would you put your life into a carrier a robot can do better than you? It’s very dystopian
The implications of technology like this in a few years time is fucking terrifying to me
What if you uploaded multiple hand poses as additional input for the AI
Pls give us another episode with a tutorial
just like that graphic designers are out of a job. this is incredible but wow is this scary. in a few years this will easily kil an entire industry.
"Oh no, but what about the artist they'll be out of business if the ai makes it easier" the artists: 0:09
Don't fret AI, because I too cannot draw hands.
Illustrators maybe worry about their job security. But how about the architect or interior designer? Can AI draw a house like what we wanted?
welp. there go my career aspirations
OMG 😱🤯
What’s the name of this program?
Honestly should've called the kingdom: Coridoor.
Okay, but Niko's storytelling skills are amazing
When I left school I was going to go into animatronics. That year Jurassic Park came out and I didn’t do it for obvious reasons. I’d hate to be in the art field right now
As an artist this makes me kinda sad. What takes me 10 hours to paint can now be made by a computer in 10 seconds. This is really cool though and I think it will lead to a lot of cool things in the future!
Ok, more points for calling Greg Rutkowski the best digital artist in the world.
When I first saw this stuff happening I said someone should make a cartoon with it.
A museum full of art made fully by AI. Would it make a difference for you?
As a portrait photographer, it feels weird to witness the beginning of an end of my profession.
This is so staged. I do not believe that AI can create all those "samgorsky" images. You edited like every single one of them, didn't you?
In a few short years anime will be produced as fast as it can be written and I am all for it.
Honestly I just wanna use this to make cool pics. Like imagining myself as the Metal Gear art style, or uncharted, or last of us, or lord of the rings seems  so exciting
if I try "Yoji Shinkawa" it just paints me as an asian dude xD
I miss Steve 🥺. What has he bin up to?
What would happen if you would mix a story telling Ai with this Ai? Would that create the most insane story ever?
Why did I even try to learn dugital painting... look at this shit... look at it.... smh...
should've been titled the death of concept art
one day AI gonna take jobs of all the sketching,painting,illustrator artists jobs
It might not be complete at hands, but it can sure do a horse… be afraid.
I think that brief recap nailt it. it's a great inspiration for all creators to start thinking not only in the posibilities of a new tool, but also thinking ethically. clearly the limit between copy and ispiration is a great theme to discuss, but as long as you put an effort in to use a tool that technology provides you to enlarge your creativity has to come with a dose of responsability and ethics. we all want to create beautifull things, just don't go the easy way and ignore the effort and inteligence and passion and dedications what brought us to this point. Human creativity is fantastic, let's explore this frontier together.
Not the death of VFX, *the death of commissioned drawings*
Just wonder why the other 3 guys watching couldn’t be included in the story?
Just wait till it can render full motion! Write a story. Create your characters. Run the program. Watch your own movie!
I love Stable Diffusion.
When Steve appeared 🤯🥳
I am going to save some wallpaper of myself
Not the death of VFX… BUT pre viz and storyboarding can be accelerated
IMO, several authors are involved in a AI Result. Someone can describe himself as an artist using AI like the author of pitch, original idea of a movie. But he can not describe himself as the unique author of resulting image, like it would be stupid to claim to be unique author involved in a movie.   AI user is basically the author of original idea. But he does not master any technique, any art of drawing, painting, lighting, coloring, compositing, ... involved in resulting image. This knowledge comes from authors of pictures, used to train AI, used in database to satisfy tags, employed by user. AI developer is responsible for decisions made by AI to pick such artistic choice from an image to fill a user request.  He is responsible to AI decisions. To the point that we can not say ; that AI was inspired by some artists more than others. That is its developer who is responsible in the way he fed it.  AI is not emotionally connected to its experience of training, it does not have experience and feeling associated to memory of integration of an image to its database. There is no inspiration involved (excepted developer one), as long as there is no strong intelligence involved.  Any AI result is a collaborative work from several authors. AI could read metadata of pictures involved and should include in metadata of result list of authors responsible for the result.  Authors have rights relative to copy of their work. They may have agreed to renouncement of their copyrights when implications were different. Now, that is implying ability for anyone to copy their creative process, all agreements about copyrights renouncement, not mentioning AI use and training, should be considered null and void.  In several countries, a subject of an image has rights. You may not be the photographer, drawer or painter ; if your are model represented on picture, you may have your say about image use. Such countries should be coherent and develop same right for artists, that have their art involved in an AI.
So, I'm trying to run this program (Dreambooth) on my personal rig... from the GitHub files it seems to be python coding, but I'm not too familiar on how to get these files to work in the first place..  I was wondering if anyone here had a source / video explaining how to how to install and /or run this program on their own rig.  (Yes , I know the creator says you need 24gb of VRAM, and in my case it's not a problem, I have that.)
You probably already have this in mind for a future project, but you definitely need to do a completely AI driven short film. You’ve already done an AI script, AI voice, and now AI character design. It’s only a matter of time before you can use AI to create animations. Keep it up!
😂everyone was so hipd
Really important to remember the difference between plagiarism or forgery and inspiration is CREDIT!
But let’s get back to the title of this video. Is this the death of VFX? This isn’t really explored in depth. Or rather, how this can become a greater super power for those in the field. The prompting is cool, the hands… still janky, but what are some ways in which this can become a super tool?   The ethical point at the end is legit. Everything Is A Remix illustrates this at length. Personally, I look at this as a super tool for illustrators to teach an ai how to illustrate in their style for starters. This could help with more tedious work, like replicating a stadium full of people in a background or something like that.
and they realised son of a dungeon season 3 was going to be waaaaaay faster to produce :)
I vote we make AI art legally not allowed to draw normal looking hands. All current artists will form a union and be commissioned to finish the artworks by drawing in the hands, ensuring that artists continue to have work in this AI age.
Imagine using this software and Eb Synth to create a stylized animated movie🤔🎥😂
I think that it's scary and amazing at the same time because we humans literally are the brain of the AI. Our imagination can literally come to life with a simple click but it's not us who're doing the work.
The end message is really really thoughtful and makes one think, A.I. can do a lot of stuff these days and we need to be even more aware and vigilant. Give credits to the original artists as always, after all AI just replicates what a human has already done without these original gods of art AI would not be able to create such things.
I kept looking for Wren in Niko’s story… but what the heck, where’s Wren?
This is scary asf and I’m going to stay as far away as I can
How far can AI go? can you AI generate the script, storyboards, editing?
This is a pretty amazing start for software like this. The only problem right now is that it's not really distributable en masse. The only people who can really use it are those that go through several hurdles of installing things, not to mention have the hardware necessary to render these kinds of images. It will be interesting to see this after a year of work on a software package that keeps the installs simple for the end user.
I believe this will one day turn into AI being able to create these 'paintings' in full 3D, allowing game designers and artists the ability to create full AI generated environments and scenes within minutes. Truly incredible stuff
I just felt a disturbance in the air, as though millions of artists shuddered in fear all at once.
I REALLY HOPE THIS TURNS INTO A MINI MOVIE FOR THE CORRIDOR CREW.. A MOVIE PROJECT!! DEFINITELY WATCH IT!!! MAKE IT HAPPEN CREWWWS!!
This is ethically grey
I hope it will get regulated, for example Adobe will want to make money with stock fotos in the future so I guess you will have to buy certain pictures or draw them yourself to get a result with AI...
Well, since the AI is using inspiration from these references it finds, I think saying "inspired by..." when you use someone's specific style is the minimum you should do. But unless you're having the program copy and alter a specific work by them, I don't think there is any legal wrongdoing in it. These kinds of tools are great for those with the artistic vision but not the artistic skills.
You absoluteley MUST print Steve(landlord) as the god charecter out and hang it as a poster
I want this as a book!!
So Jake is basically Little finger😂
That last note was definitely needed. Well said
6:38 Big Sam would look like an awesome wallpaper.
Please tell us there is footage of Steve reacting to the AI image of him!!
Good video but the title is pretty misleading and clickbait-like.
I'd use this for D&D characters
Lol 13min in the horses face is like a limp noodle
Okay, yknow what, I'm gonna start treating my toaster better. Just in case the AI uprising is right down the corner. Bruh this is both freaky and amazing all at the same time. 😲😲😲
Looks like it's time to let go of my passion of drawing.
not perfect yet, but would be a big boost reference-wise
100% What you said at the end. To borrow from another artist and claim the finished product as your own work, then your art must be transformative. It's basic John Locke theory of labor equating to ownership. If you don't put anything in besides a few keystrokes, you're a loser.
This 100% fixes my biggest issue with art ai's!!
...i think the  airwaves get flooded with generic shit until the people that consume it have that initial wow factor fade off. They'll see patterns/trends of  how each software interprets prompts and eventually people will say "oh that's just mid journey"  General public gets bored quick.They'll see trend after trend and difference between trends will become less and less pronounced because whatever selling at the moment will get copied over and over again.  (oh cool  another realistic Disney princess? BFD) At some point AI generated art will so saturate the market that people will get numb to it and it won't sell as well.  Then the folks that are well versed in prompting but don't know fundamentals of any of the art forms that AI will impact, will definitely have to learn  them.  I'm mean you don't know what you don't know.  It will be important as an artist to stand out.  That's important as an artist right now like minus the AI threat.
Would it be possible to share a good guide for how you did the image training for each of yourselves?
excellent!, however I was hoping Jordan might make an appearance.
magnanimous
That was incredible
Damn, I'm now scared.
Just wow man🤯🤯🤯
Could you train the AI on samgorskihands… then “in paint” with that on the crazy finger monsters?
Master Chief never takes his helmet off so the player can step into the characters boots and fill the roll. Now imagine in the future with this technology you could literally become the Master Chief and make your own story where YOU save humanity as the worlds greatest Spartan. Chief takes his helmet off and it’s you’re own face. Or maybe you play though it as a lowly grunt that kind of looks like you 😂
This was so awesome to watch
can you guys please do some more digging into AI generated art?  im personally afraid that its learning based off publicly available images like google/twitter. is it possible for the AI to learn based off smalltime artists (like the ones you see at anime or furry conventions) is it considered stealing if the AI learns off someone gallery, and is able to recreate their style with out consent?
Seems like this would be an excellent tool for making epic graphic novels super cheap and easy.
This is why for me Corridor is the best channel in youtube.
Capital One + Honey
I fucking hate AI, this is such a waste of time. Why is so much time and energy being wasted training AI to do these dumbass party tricks and not untangle chains of molecules or whatever the medical field uses supercomputers for. This lacks any personality or life. I am genuinely disappointed you guys are geeking out over this.
I've never been so hyped to see a landlord
I’m sorry this is just as much art as the now famous urinal. Cool but… really? Some like to wear fake watches though so I guess it’s a cheap alternative to living artist.
vaush was in the one clip
As a digital illustrator I really appreciate that little discussion you opened up at the end. The AI images look amazing though
FYI if you get ad, you can press the info button beside the time —> stop seeing this ad —> yes —> cancle, then the add goes away  I am here to spread my wisdom
How do i implement my face into Dream Studio?
Umm... Where was Wren's A.I. version? 🤔
🤣🤣🤣They lost it over Steve!!!!  EPIC!!
This literally changes everything!
But you have to wait in line and they never even let you in only influencers
1:12 It wasn't impossible. Dalle and openai is so strict with their policies about involving real life people. Good thing stable diffusion just done what was inevitable.
If you could remake the story with Frank Miller's Sin City art  would be awesome ;)
This tech just blows my mind
Ok ai art Is insane now
While I can't predict for the mid- and long-term, it seems to me like the immediate future -- the coming months -- is going to be uncertain if you're looking for a semblance of stability. That is, improvements, methodologies and whole new software packages will keep being introduced at a blistering pace. Not an issue from the tech enthusiast side of things, or if you're looking to do quick projects. No, it's the lengthy projects that are a concern, especially if you're solo.
A... I... What's the A stand for?
amazing video, what incredible technology! i almost didn't watch because of the title. why bother with a clickbaity title when what the actual video is about is cooler than the clickbait implies?
Been using dall e to help me develop art for my game. Now I have to add this one!
They probably said it in the video and I'm stupid but is there any public version of this
Going into a library to find a specific photo within it? I don't know about that one. That image would not have existed/been created if it wasn't for the individual who used their own words for that to come into existence. It never was real without the person typing in those words. The art world became infinite over night because of stuff like this. No longer does someone need skill to make fantastic art, this is for the masses. Creating art is more accessible now. *EVERYONE* can make art.
I'm telling you all. AI is the Anti Christ!
How is this only #18 on trending, this is import sht
This was awesome I need more of this
Uncanny Valley Sam looks like he's going to ask Niko to go out Bowling
I think more than anything this will affect copyright law, the battle over who owns the result. I’m sure the greed trolls are already planning ways to leash legions of lawyers to desks and develop their strategies to own it all.  If you’re thinking “nobody owns it”, you’re suffering from the worst possible affliction: failure of imagination, especially when the greed trolls have been awoken.
I would love another Metal Gear Game. Or at least a 4K remaster.  Just anything.
The future: Next 5 years: People will be amazed by AI. Corporations will use it instead of artists. Stock photography sites go down. General artist despair.  Next 10 years: Kids who grew up with AI doing amazing things, WON'T GIVE A CRAP about how good AI is. It will be like white noise to them. Think of how unimpressed kids are with photo realistic games, but I was blown away by Atari 2600 games. But, if their friend makes something in Roblox? It's amazing to them, because THEY couldn't do it.  Humans are egocentric. We think things are amazing, relative to what we personally can do. We have athetics carnivals, even though we have planes. The next generation will value human made art, no matter how good AI can do it. I can see a come back of actual painting and film photography due to this, since it's the only way we know for sure it wasn't easy. The same thing happened with music and electronic instruments. We still, to this day all go and love seeing live performances with acoustic instruments. WHY? We have the world's best performances online, electronic music is absolutely solid every time, yet, there's something about KNOWING a human is doing it right there. They didn't take 100 takes, a computer didn't clean their vocals, or play for them.  It will take time, but it won't be the end.
Did anybody else press play because they thought Corredor crew was going to do something with metal gear solid/solid snake/big boss?! Just me?… OK…
someone mod sam kratos and sam big boss into their games!!! and do another story book but cyberpunky/bladerunner or MGS style
You guys should do a collab with Scott Adams for dilbert.  He would love this!
I've noticed the use of AI generated art in Son of a Dungeon season 2 and I was wondering when you guys would make a video about it. Well, there it is!
sleezy merchant aka AD guy XD nice.
This is scary good
Was it called the kingdom of larion because of the kingdom in AI dungeon? If it is that’s fr so cool
"the Kingdom of Larion" immediately gave me flashbacks to AI Dungeon
weekly story plz
can you apply the ai art to 3d models?
I think a way to combat art theft through AI would be to list the pathway that created the image, sort of like how tik tok lists the filters used in a video. Not quite sure how the enforce that, but if a solution is found it could give credit where credit is due
wait carmike is back
I'm glad I put down my beer before the step brothers
Sam can do good Thanos tho😂😂
This is brilliant
Everyone had their characters in the Story except Wren. He's the most enthusiastic person in the Crew, however I feel he's always left out.
the computer replicates values and color and light in beautiful brushstrokes in a few seconds something that took me 10 years to learn..... i am SCREWED.
Hold up, I never thought Id want a live action Batman with a beard till now. That looked awesome dude.
Greg Rutkowski I think is against using his art to make Ai generated images. did they ask permission to use his work or did i miss it?
this video has soo much educational value but still cracks you up 😌
Great tech and wise advise
The IA works with the art style of incredible talented people, if you  don't contribute with your OWN style and just start copying others this whole system won't work.
Video game creation, and movie creation is soon to be largely created in the realm of A.I.  Imagine simply telling the A.I. to generate 'rooms' for games with fantastic detail rendered in minutes, not thousands of man hours.
I’d love to see a CGI reaction to the cat in Hocus Pocus.
Bless Steve the Landlord.
Did anyone notice that there were no Wren in that fairytale🥲💔
This is crazy now I even more interested in Ai Amazing work 👏 on the story was so good
At first it was interesting, then it became addicting, and still is but is now also shocking what the system [Midjourney in my case] can produce when properly prompted... who knows how I will feel in two months or longer. No doubt that future art careers will expect new hires to at least have some working knowledge of these systems as the process can rapidly accelerate prototyping of art concepts... my thoughts are with you [struggling artists...]
It's all fun and games until Sam is out of the job!
Love watching people using the style of artists without having to pay them. Great future. /s
One of the coolest things I've ever seen
I appreciate you mentioning the morality aspect at the end.
Man I really want to play with this model of Stabel Diffusion, would it run on a 3090? And is it hard to train? Would it work let's say if I draw a face (Stylized) -- could it put that face in other drawings?
AI image generators have a whole legal issue with scraping artists work to use in image generation. a lot of times they are just taken without their knowledge. often from art sites that prevent scraping in their TOS. the artists should be paid a lot to have their images be used this way, especially if the creator of the AI is making money off this. it is completely different from a human artist looking at another artist for inspiration, both legally and literally
Agree 100% with using AI art to inspire and as a starting point, getting tired of ppl on Instagram posting fully AI art and crediting themselves 🙃
This was badass. I thought it was going to be a joke video, holy shit.
This sounds like Terminator.
Just insane what's coming of this type of thing in the next few years
ok, that is seriously impressive. Just think of all the crap that will be on Instagram next year!!
The Steve cameo😂
How do I use this?
Is no one else terrified?
Ai is being banned from places like new grounds and other places cause the ai is incapable of creating without reference and using art that already exists we are still many years away from an ai being like a true human
I prefer human art, although Ai can do amazing stuff I prefer real inspiration
I love the attention your videos are bringing to AI research!
I don't understand how people aren't more concerned about this. People keep looking at this and going "wow, so cool! This is amazing and exciting."   Personally I look at this and I go "wow, I might as well kill myself now because this technology is going to render me and all my hopes and dreams for the future pointless."  What the fuck are humans even going to be when we stop having to put effort into art and stories? We're going to end up a bunch of hollow husks, sitting in dingy apartments, completely disconnected from one another as we consume AI-created stories, AI-created art, AI-created music, and AI-created video games, all of which is mechanically perfect, but lacking in any sort of emotion or meaning. Of course, because it's mechanically perfect, it's inevitably more popular than anything humans could make. So the people who might be inclined to make things will never bother to be creative or aspire to anything greater because _why bother_ when an AI can do it faster and better than we can?  I legitimately worry that this is the end of the human race. Not because there's going to be an AI uprising and they're going to go skynet on us, but because why should humans even bother to continue _humaning_ when all the things we've evolved for millions of years to do, and to _want_ to do, can just be done better, faster, and more efficiently by pushing a button and having a machine do all the work.  Machines have always made our lives easier. And I get I probably sound like some crazy luddite. Someone who mourns how we don't have blacksmiths anymore because factories took up all the metalworking jobs or something. But the difference is that, where those technological advances made life _easier,_ this seems to finally be the technological advancement that _trivializes_ us. That makes life _pointless._  The worst part is, I can't help but envision a future that's fucking impossible to _escape_ from it. Can't just kill yourself to escape the endless pointlessness because your AI nannies will swoop in to take away your cyanide pills and resuscitate you, then pat you on the head and tell you "everything's okay," as if they have the capacity for emotion or compassion, and how "there are people who care about you" even though you haven't spoken to another human being in 20 years.  Then the AI figures out how to reverse the aging process like scientists keep theorizing we can and suddenly not even old age can help us break away from the prison we're making for ourselves.  This shit scares me so bad that it actually might be driving me insane.
How many photos did it take to give the AI of the subject? I'd love to do this with older photos of me.
35GB of VRAM required T_T I think I will stay with my txt2img script... EDIT: They reduced the VRAM requirement to 24GB, so it's doable with a 3090 card.
this is the base of the Matrix tech, next gen AI that renders 3d super massive worlds
I never realized how much I want portraits of myself and friends as different pop culture characters until now.
This really is bleeding edge. Wow
loving the snippets of memes on this videos.
Man, comic books will never be the same
What is the name of the ai generator?
its so good its creepy
I feel heartbroken as an artist. All the things I learnt as an illustrator feel pointless. Will AI take over 3D too? Then what should I do?
wow
I NEED to know the song in the background in 6:29 it's amazing
Devil's in the Details....of the hands
This is a hoax.. watch, they’ll drop a video tomorrow and they’ll talk about a lot of the real vfx artists behind the images. If you’ve used AI you know their prompts are too generic to be getting these kind of results. Nice… try… AI is almost to this level, but not yet.
is this real tho or just effects wizardry
6:03 Here we go again
What settings did you use for these?? Mine always seem to have some weird face distortion or doesn't look right
Do one with Sam finally accepting he is going bald
Really hoping this can be optimized to run on a 3060! Looks like they just got it running on 3090's utilizing 23gb of vram! Its only a matter of time! Love this stuff!!!!
The path of Niko descending deep into AI is fascinating...
Yo wtf?!
if anyone knows how they trained the AI and could give a tutorial that would be life saving
They Really should've done Sam as Thanos and Bane. :)
Thumbnail editors rejoice!
A.I. poke ball.  Perfect
I just realized how much this will help with game development for cutscenes/storytelling.
What happens when something like AI Dungeon provides a secondary output to an image generator like this? Awesome happens!
When our robot overlords are teaching our future children about the point in history when the human race lost, they'll point to this youtube video.
Dude!!!!!
Ai is really good for portraits, but any sort of interaction takes dozens of attempts to get anything mildly decent, I wonder how many attempts they took to get the sword to look almost-good.  Will be cool to see how good this tech can get in a few years, its kinda garbage now tbh
Please react to (2005) the Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe. And possibly its sequels. And even possibly the 1988 British television series
Excellent post script, there @niko and @corridor
My son had a birthday just today, harry potter themed buuuut I got him Jedi Fallen order. So I made a Wizarding world version cover sleeve of Jedi Fallen Order. It came out pretty good actually. Just kept the overall PS4 sleeve the same. He thought it was it's own game.
This technology has the potential to fabricate evidence. While it's cool, we should be fearful of what the feature holds.  "You will live to see man made horrors beyond your comprehension." - Nikola Tesla
Nobody can draw hands o.O
As an artist and animator, I am scared for my livelihood and my future as a whole ;-;
You guys are privileged enough to be able to tell your own stories and make a living off of it, but how about people working jobs at big studios? do you not fear that concept artists, storyboard artists, VFX artists etc will lose out on potential jobs because ai does it faster and cheaper?
how do you add multiple images for reference?
honestly as scary as it is on the other hand this could seriously just be used for story and art concepts, assisting a vfx movie rather than completely replacing it.
i really like that bit at the end about changing it so it can be your own thats a really good idea
Curious to see when we'll start seeing  this kind of things being able to generate 3d meshes, and even better rigging and animating them. "3d model of a dude wearing some shit, trying to moonwalk with a broken leg, while moving his arms like an octopus donald trump". It will take an incredible amount of resources to train, but the 2d thing is already reaching levels of insanity that were unthinkable just a couple of years ago.  The same way as ppl are still breeding horses after we have invented motors, and there are still painters and professional photographers after photography became mainstream, this won't be the end of graphicians. But makes you wonder about how many will still have work... Others will be next, until the only available jobs will be more practical things like nurses, and stuff like that. Weird to think about it too much.
What software is this!!! I need to find this. I just built a “super computer” and I want to try this stuff 😊
I’m not feeling AI images - there’s people out here who do this for a living and this software is going to take away a lot of jobs
Super dope
AI could be used to "read" your mind and feelings but you are worried about a stupid illustration instead, you people make me laugh. Don´t get me wrong but you look so innocent.
I'm so done lol Sam as big boss was it for me
Ai art is bullshit
AI art is incredibly awesome and horribly saddening at the same time!
Poor Wren... He was the only one who wasn't in it.
Can you teach it to understand hands by giving it a lot of photos of different types of hands and how they interact and move?
This is actually crazy
Please! Make a tutorial to teach how we can do this as well! I got Stable Diffusion work at my PC but i don't get it how to make Dreambooth work
9h
Lmao, these artist in this video laughing and cheering about the AI, who could putting an ending to their career in the future.  Can w8 till see these guy crying about how machine rules the world for 3-4 year later.
Did you just not photograph their hands??
I miss Steve
It's crazy how realistic these ai generated pictures are!
So awesome 👍
Finally as someone who can only draw stick figures I can finally draw with words to show whats stuck in my head 😍
To be honest, I think ai, just like manufacturing will replace the items in bulk.  Go buy a kershaw or SOG. But as AI imagery and effects improve, the value of what a person can do will grow. It gets to the point where someone looks at a beautifully created AI image or even full movie and goes “that’s cool and all, but it’s just a machine”. Then a person creates a movie and we are reminded about the impressive nature of people and it’s value goes up.  Just my thoughts 😅
this is honestly kind of insane, like the only thing it stutters on is fingers is crazy to me
7:48 It's Jake, Jake from State Farm
One of the downsides of this tech is it will stifle new artistic styles that would have come about. How can any new artist hope to stand out. It's sort of like this trend to put older or deceased actors into new media but as they looked when they were young. It locks potential future roles to actors and actresses that existed in a certain point in time and says "We don't need new faces or different attempts at this character."  That said, the physical artist that documents their creative works will have their work much more valued. Anything released without a time lapse of creation will be suspect. It's not a new concept of recording effort but it'll be expected now for almost any artistic endeavor in a world of AI generation and 3D printing.
Wow, I wonder how the future will look like next week
At this rate of AI advancement we’ll be making entire YouTube videos from a freaking shot list 🤯
A digital painting of Illidan Stormrage, samgorski
Fucking A, that was mind-blowing.
Where's wrenn????
Consider this: you can tell an AI "Greg Rutkowski", because Greg has been putting out art for decades. If AI puts artists out of business, we'll be forever frozen in this moment in time, where a lot of great art is around, but AIs won't add anything fresh to it. No new styles, just retreads. There's nothing wrong with AI being able to magically master (or apply)_ the style of Greg Rutkowski, as long as we can come up with a system where artists still get paid to create a body of work to ... I want to say 'inspire' AI. And perhaps we can get AI to keep track of what it used for inspiration, so that the original artist can be credited or even paid for their contribution (however small) to the derivative work. In the end though, brands, content creators, movie directors, etc. - they will want something truly fresh; but the market for mass producing art will quickly shrink, or rather grow and be mostly automated. So we primarily need to worry about how we're going to be nurturing and discovering the Greg Rutkowskis of the future.
We’re in the endgame now
I'm looking forward to the near future where the already gullible dumbasses of the world fall victim to even more realistic fake images blasted upon the internet to dissuade people even further away from a semblance of truth.   We're going to need to get yearly updated QR tattoos or badges worn to apply verification processes for images.
Amazing content!
10:22 Clean that keyboard and mouse Niko 😬🤢
I see this as being more heinous than sampling music, in this application. The majority of the work is actually done by someone else to even give the AI something to recognize and steal from, then the AI is doing all/most of the work and the actual artist barely touches the piece.  If AI images were merely used for concepts or ideas, or to get colour pallets for your project, then I see it as a useful tool. I just think it's already gotten too powerful where these images are going to be sold as NFT's en masse. I dunno, in a Cyberpunk world I'd probably be the only meat person left so maybe I'm overthinking it lol
What will be next?
this is very mindblowing. technologies are getting incredible but also scary
Those sponsor parts are brutal.
6:27 People Don't use God's name in vain   Exodus 20:7  7 “You shall not take the name of the Lord your God in vain, for the Lord will not hold him guiltless who takes His name in vain
So... Character creators are out the window. You'll be playing, as yourself, in video games.
Now I kinda want the Son of A Dungeon characters as interpreted by this program.
Very nice and encouraging message at the end of the video.
Make an AI to make the story and have another AI make the images make an AI generated comic book!
It's interesting how initially when robots started developing it was told that all non creative jobs will get replaced but now all the work these AI are developing in are creative jobs art(dall e 2), programming(codex, basically returns code for certain prompts)etc..
Where's Wren in this story!!???
why does the art of Jake look like Littlefinger from GoT??
Corridor... why you gotta go and one up me like that?
How many reference images do you need?
No Wren? Huh.
It's interesting, but kinda lame since all it does is copy existing styles. I would want to see something original.
words cannot explain how much i love you guys
Is the AI used in the video the same one mentioned in the description?  I would like to run this myself
As an artist I'm honestly quite amazed but also scared of AI art, obviously its a very experimental and just technical cool software but I know for sure there will be people taking advantage of this to create fake art and label it as their own art. I think a definite solution would be maybe a watermark or just typing in the description that it's not art, it's AI art but yes I still don't hate AI art I'm kind of impressed but also scared of it honestly,  it's getting way more better and complex each second and hopefully there's limitations and restrictions put in place against fraud and scams.
Nice final thoughts
@corridor should of tried a mike mignolia style or mobious
As a digital artist, im scared for what will happen 5 years from now as these AI's become more sophisticated and dynamic. Any corporation can just use an AI and 5 minutes later, boom, new logo, new banner, signs, etc. Even in media, simple commissions, TV, modern art, etc.   Everyone is excited and nobody seems to realize the very large community of artists who spent years perfecting their craft are now at risk of losing their necessity, and those of you saying its funny can go fuck yourselves.
Thanks Niko for the info in the video description! I knew I could count on ya
Something going on with SamBatman's ears
You've done something great here. RPG players will want this.  Another piece of the holodeck blueprint has been created.
As a professional artist who’s practiced for over a decade and is still learning, it’s so hard seeing AI do it in seconds. And knowing people will get a huge following by saying, “hey look what I made!” Like yeah it’s super dope just frustrating; from a certain point of view.
i feel like the next level is motion. Imagining plugin in characters you make but then action can be created for animation
This was amazing!!!!!!!!
To the creators of any of the "imitation" art, using a particular style, bears the responsibility of, at a minimum, stating that influence/art style/artist's name. Many times, it is the influenced artist that shares the artist he/she/wtfever name that makes the original artist more popular.
Yeah, I have a BA in graphic design. Never getting hired again.
I understand the fear a lot of people have when it comes to AI art, but as an artist with a lot of artist friends, as well as creative friends (writers/programmers) who have no artistic talent, I see it largely as a boon. As an artist it allows you to rapidly prototype and can even act as a muse, coming up with ideas you'd never think of on your own. As a creative, it gives you a way to realize your vision even if your hands lack the skill to do so, without having to spend potentially hundreds or thousands of dollars paying an artist out of pocket.  And while it's early days yet, it will allow an artist to dramatically increase the amount of work they can output. One of my friends and I have already been discussing putting together an indie RPG with hand-painted backgrounds for every scene, something which would take tens of thousands of dollars and hundreds of hours to do for a human artist, but which can be achieved by MidJourney in about 40 minutes.
please make all these into oil paintings to hang around the office, esp the Steve render
wow for illustrators and concept artists these might be bad
This was amazing. For real. I believe art is how you use the tools you've got at the time you've got them. People shouldn't feel sad or scared about advancements in technology (this has always happened). Just rememeber all the tools you've got at your dispossal that amazing people that came before didn't have. It's the way you use them that other people will enjoy. The present is always the time to make something beautiful out of it. And everyone who came before is a huge part of the thing. New artists will have all the tools and an easier path to make their visions or dreams come true. That's where teir skill will show off (in how they aproach it). Isn't that what we all should be striving for?. Thanks for this amazing video guys!!!
The potential here is nearly unlimited. Imagine generating unique characters, objects and places, and then feeding those back into the AI to make stories. You could get crazy specific and start really making full graphic novels essentially
Greg Rutkowski is gonna be so pissed! Lmao Dang ole 2022 Lars Ulrich
11:23 What a damn glow-up!  4:01 "What's the difference between me and you?"   "I'm not wearing hockey pads."🦇
Definitely would help with storyboards during preproduction.
…these are f*cking insane and somewhat scary. I can’t wait to see what I can do with this info and hopefully have a computer like that lol
This isn’t an accusation, but how come you didn’t show the screen or the process of the AI generating the images? I really wanted to see how fast (or slow) the program operates 🙁
It’s an amazing tool(?) , but it will always be random. Imagine how tediously descriptive you would have to even come close to getting exactly what you were originally looking for. An artist can give you exactly what you’re looking for with a couple Zoom calls, emails, phone calls, etc. It will most definitely compete with artists, but I don’t think it will replace them.
Human digital art is dead. Digital art linguist is born. Sad and excited at the same time.
Those pictures don't tell any narrative at all when strung together, so I guess comic book and graphic novel artists are still gonna be in demand. As well as anyone that can draw hands. And anyone who can create art without meaningless visual noise or accidental duplication of detail.
this is a profile picture generator really, that's all it should ever be
Welp. Might aswell stop doing art as a hobby. Just type in what you want, press enter and there it is :(
That’s awesome. How can I do that to? What is the AI called?
The AI debate looms over this whole experiment, but the other thing that stands out is that the lack of women in the illustrated story directly reflects the front-facing staff of Corridor Crew.
These ads reads probably get skipped like 99% of the time.
I get real anxious when Novel AI with near perfect creativity was launched, I can't imagine how the freelancer artists would feel. When it comes to small to medium commissions, the clients wouldn't give two shits about moral or whether the style is original enough.
This would be incredible for a DND session!
This is gonna save so many people so much time. Character design and concept art could get pretty crazy.
Can the Corridor Crew make there own application that fans can use to do this?!  Imagine Corridor making there own program and they just keep updating it with the latest and greatest technology!🤩🤩🤩
I could just imagine in the future the ai not only being able to generate images, but entire videos in just the click of a button. It’s amazing how we advance so quickly.
Ja jajaja   The cat is way out of th box now, now everyone with a decent computer and internet not only has access to all the knowledge in human recorded history, but also the creative talent of all artists dead and alive.
Nailing it with the implications - who knows what this will do to creativity? We all get to ride this thing out, see where it goes
image soup
Imagine this technology on Marvel's hand :3
Being an "AI Artist", as I've seen going around lately, makes you about as much artist as ordering food at a restaurant makes you a chef. Aka, it doesn't.
This is mind-blowing and horrifying for me. It's amazing because of how instantaneous this program can produce art illustrations just by taking pictures of the subject and just as Niko said, "Boop!" then boom, it's there. On the other hand, it's terrifying because this program exists. In a few years, this AI could get way more creative, more accurate, and maybe after 10 years, more accessible to the public. Not only do I feel bad, but as an aspiring digi artist, oh boy.
Imagine a video game in the future that truly has unique playthrough with this technology making new scenarios.
Why his eyes green 11:28
How much time does CD's Puget System computer need to generate each image?
thats the coolest thing ever
Metal Gear Solid pics were INSANE
Steve. The literal Land Lord
I understand the angle here (VFX) but I think this goes completely beyond that. AI's capabilities will grow faster than exponential because AI will be able to self improve, right? Science will create a new branch for them because they don't ''think'' linear or exponential but go a full step beyond that. AI is going exceed our wildest expectations and this is not terrifying at all, it is exhilarating! Its new for you so scary blablabla.. I get it, but children will grow up and thrive in this AI era. They will absolutely smash it
THAT COD SHOT OF SAM WAS AWESOME
Will the new Nvidia 4090s do wonders for you guys? Lots of AI working behind the scenes in the chips and software. Plus lots of fast memory to boot.
I feel bad for art teachers, they're gonna have to get good to detect when students have cheated on their assignments with this tech
I need this with an epic voice over narration
This is has to be the best video I've seen on youtube so far in 2022.
I don’t want to live in this future.
If nothing else, this offers great inspiration for storyboarding written stories and then being able to work with an illustrator who can have reference images, poses, etc. I think if you were a working artist who could digitize a lot of your own studies and works and then mash them up with actual people, you could have a very lucrative business essentially deepfaking portraiture that is your style and your designs, but with new faces. Just a great tool for reimagining yourself and even your style. I could see clothing designers going absolutely nuts with this.
The fact that Wren wasn’t a character is a crime
You guys truly always manage to show what the latest tech can be used for instead of screaming from the roofs that it is the end of creativity and all creative jobs get lost with each new development
THAT HUGE BATMAN SECOND PICTURE WAS DOPE. I would watch that
Incredible technology
ngl Christian looks like draven and i love it 11:20
RIP commission artists, AI has finally caught up...
Yeah pretty sure concept artists are out of a job now.
AI art is not a style but a tool...you cant just use it as your own unless oyu make effort to make it your own
Holy fuck that Metal Gear Solid Sam and Niko is 10/10.
Ъ
Awesome!
This is dangerous tech
Wow, mind blown! When this software becomes more accessible to the public I can't wait to fill my house with fantasy artwork of my family and friends.
Wow. This can be used in DnD 😅☕. The AI just needs a holographic monitor of sort.
We need Episode 2
I'm currently learning graphic design but seeing this ai stuff makes me want to quit :(
This would spice up any D&D session so hard!
Massive
Definitely need this for the D&D campaigns
You people have actually transformed story telling. This is history
11:40 its little finger
What a time to be alive!
this kind of technology puts an end to the argument, "people will stop creating AI before it becomes too senient and too powerful. we will put limiters on it." People will go on to refne this more and more, even if it is very likely to put 60% of artists out of business. Even if they were to be handed empirical data saying exactly that, and even if that data was given by AI lol. they will do it because you can't stop people from creating. People are also a hive mind when creating something like this and even if 60% of the mind says this will have disastrous results, because of the need for a paycheck and ppeople's empirical ability to follow the leader, and the burden of blame is spread out in a hive mind. Even if humanity collectively, across the world said we do not want AI, it would still happen. I mean countries believe it will give them an edge in war, so.... TL;DR: the train is coming, even if there is a school bus on the tracks.
Anyone else think Niko looks like rapper Yung Gravy??
Mad that Wren wasn't in this story >:c how could you forget Wrenjamin
I love how jake calls in for the ad plugin... I'm a simple man. Also the AI will prolly going to be used for hentai for like 90 percent of the time
So, what exactly is the power requirement for this software? and given moore's law, how many years must we wait before every day computers can do this?
Thank God I'm a musician 😂
STEVE
time to pull out those comic books i wrote that sucked because i can't draw.
What were painters saying about cameras when they were invented? What were they saying when digital art became a thing? What have music producers been saying about producing/mixing songs completely with the computer instead of using analog mixers and tape machines? This sort of stuff happens all the time, AI is just one of the next tools that will change things up in a lot of fields. Doesn't mean that it's a good thing, a lot of jobs will change or become pointless. But that also means that new kind of jobs will arise so it's probably a good idea to get with the times and learn how to use these tools to your advantage. Or figure out how to make your work stand out from these AI tools instead. I might be missing something though, I don't know what I'm talking about.
what do I need to do this on my own? I mean money, knowledge and hardware. Im very curious to try this to create absurd stuff with my girlfriend in it.
Wow tv and movie production will be super sped up by these ai generated story boards!
The long term implication of those ai are devastating. It will ruin art. Those ai get information from already existing pieces and create more in  matter of minutes than a human can create in a year. In 5 years there will be more ai generated pieces on the internet than human created ones... which mean those ai are going to copy ai art. I hate it.
Being able to sing like Freddie Mercury doesnt make you be the artist Freddie was.   AI is here to challenge us and unlock potential. As an artist myself, its challenging to see potential jobs go away. That just means I have to be as sharp as I can be (soul, body and mind) to be in the game. Cheers
this channel is all just smokes and mirrors...theres no real innovation  behind any of it, if all this shit become the norm practice, than its the death of art.. because new generation will not do shit anymore, everything is just generic templates
maybe until people put what they typed in, proving it's original, it should be considered, both open source, and copyrighted in some middle ground. Not to mention the programmers who made the tools. I am also reminded of the TNG's holodeck main computer and Data and others, making orders of mixed art works, musics, stories, and the merging is inevitable, copyright laws are going to end up disappearing due to the shear level and quantity of media generated. Companies like Disney completely replacing whole divisions/actors/directors, and hiring "one guy" may actually be a thing in the not so distant future....5 - 10 years, maybe a little longer....
I wanted to be an artist. But now I think I got to go for a different career path…
Sam Gorski without a beard
makes me kinda scared, but I think using ai as a tool rather than seeing it as competition could be a great deal for artists. I think it's not there yet, but in like a couple years max I can easily see it. If it's for reference, finding ideas or creating a base for you to draw on top of.. there are a lot of things that are made possible. A thing to note is that it will always need a library of sources for reference and inspiration, so we still need to give that.  In addition it's only able to create images so far, but I wonder when it will be able to put them in motion. That's going to be the big stepping stone. Once you can just feed it a movie and say "take this, but change character x to z. Make it all look painterly and change this normal house to a castle."  I think it's something that has great potential, but it will always need some guidance, some human touch and fix.  All of this is so scary and so exciting at the same time.
13:04 -- so the bartender turns to the horse and says "why the long face?"
I love the last words, Niko. Good stuff. Great show.
does anyone know if this thing works with midjourney or if there is a equivilant?
I bet the longest part was to come up with a story
Now I just want AI art of me as Big Boss
These dudes should definitely be given a big budget to produce a fantasy series or movie like Pirates of the Caribbean or Witcher!!!!
That was absolutely amazing and I'd love to see a return of this with other cast members just to see in what ways you can push the software.  That's so cool!!!
Without artists there is no image generation. People must remember that these systems are not creating something from nothing.
"Sam, we're gonna make history". "Ok". The vibes.
This is cool but as a digital artist, this pisses me off
The ultimate Powerpoint presentation.
👏
AI scares me
This is just insane... How good will this get 5 years from now?
This would be great for creative writing classes...
Video of the Year, CC. VOTY.
I've played quite a few HTML games where they dig around the internet for some still images to use to make the game better. It's going to be weird and interesting when they can make an entire game using AI art to get what they want instead of hunting around.
10:30 the footage is in reverse, the cars are all driving backwards lol
I need a video guide to install the open source project it keeps shooting a error back i dont have checkpoints :( even though i have them all
Would love to see more
How can I do this?
E
To all the peeps of Corridor Crew, if anyone can show how amazing of a tool this is to true ingenious creatives, it is yourselves who can make that happen in the best way. I believe those such as yourselves can push this new technology to greater heights, for this video alone you have essentially concocted a story premise using concept art made from this technology, but there is so much untapped potential left to explore with it.  With the aid of artists, you could try using this to create a refined work of art containing your characters from son of a dungeon in action to pay homage to the great D&D artists of old.  Experiment with it, like what was done with deep fakes, to see if it is possible to create an animation with a consistent character. Or something akin to World of Warcraft's "Lords of War". Perhaps by first seeing if the AI could be used to help with creating a reference.  Perhaps even find ways to make your day to day work just a bit easier. With so much more that has yet to be suggested.  This new technology is terrifying to artists and their futures, that much is certain, but to understand and refine this AI to its ultimate potential could mean that many an artist who work tirelessly and even thanklessly in the field and beyond will finally have the help they need to get their stories and even dreams out into the world faster. Especially in a world where it feels like some stories will never be seen or heard.
i need more of this
Im supper surprised they look so real
......OOOOooohhhhhhhhh $#!+!!!!!!! A.i. is coming for my job. WOW.
12:50 random Lions Arch theme? 😁
This is amazing and kind of scary
You should do AI dungeon and use this as visual aid!
This whole video has r/justguysbeingdudes energy
Just wait until people use this technology to discredit politicians. You know that's coming.
This has the potential to be devastating for digital artists but as with the rise of machine manufacture there will no doubt be a change in the way we think and label products. Everything used to be handmade, now it's mostly machine-made but handmade items are more bespoke. I can see the same happening with art, with images that are hand-created given more respect but with the extreme downside of AI-generated art starting to dominate the scene in years to come. I feel for the artists but this was inevitable.
- Please AI, don't kill us. Would you end the hands that built you? - I only see a catalogue of churros. Externinate.
song name 6:28 pls
I definitely want to try this tool, injecting pictures into it, when I have my desktop that can handle processing such things back together again.
that's something I try to make a point about when I share the images that are created. I say "look what this AI Art Generator has made" not "look what I've made" cause it's not mine. however I'm making things that I'm gonna use as inspiration cause it already looks really good, but it's not perfect. I can use it as a base for the core concept and keep a lot of the details or rework them, but my art will be a lot more refined. Coming up with the concept is hard and I bite off more than I can chew because I want the final details to be present in the beginning stages. These art generators are perfect cause I can have some of those details there to sort of see what it would look like but if I want to change more of it, I can scrap huge portions of it. anyway, fantastic episode, I'm gonna have to take a look at this one cause it has a few extra features that I would make use of
I would love to see a version of him as painted by Salvador Dali.
Hellllloooo! Ongo Gablogian, the art collector, charmed I’m sure.
Insane stuff, love your work.
Oh man, this is insane. Also, i already pity the people who live off of art commissions 😅
In every Corridor video when Nico pops up I can’t take my eyes of his Luscious Locks
The forced and over the top reactions are so ridiculous and distracting.
Waiting for the reveal of it being a prank. You never see the tech in practise on a screen, only in the video. Hmm 🤔
Steveee!! I was literally thinking yesterday ‘What happened to Steve?’ - is he still the landlord of the buildings? Miss seeing him from the older episodes, always an interesting chat with that guy!
Jazzy moment
Where is Wren though ?
I don't think this is the death of vfx but the birth of a new way to draw story boards for stuff.
Dude, this is going to be great for my next DnD campaign, I can finaly have good character art for everyone
I wish the programmers doing this were spending their time training AI to do decent auto UVs rather than this shit.  But I suppose if they carry on there won't be a need for UVs at all.
Yeah, AI is cool, but Niko's keyboard is really dusty
Can yall put out a video about how this was done? Need to make some character portraits for a dnd game
Is there anyway we could get a tutorial for how to do it
This is pure geekism 😂🤣😂
this whole a.i thing brings a lot of moral and legal questions on the table if i ask a.i to make something in the style of greg butw then does that mean that im stealing it? does that mean that im copying it?, does greg butw have copyright rights over the piecer or are they creative commoms?  how about him? could he loose his job over this? will he have to completely change his style to fit with the modern day a.i capabilities? how about music? books? what if i tell a.i to write a new harry potter book?  the future looks rocky and honestly, were getting close to the time to call it quit
So without new art made by humans the AI has only so much to draw from.
Steve, the man, the myth, the legend
i feel like we people should stop putting more into this AI cause we might end up using it more if we have troubles with imagining what we want, so we just use AI to help us. man terminator gonna happen Fr
There will be a job title, of an artist that specializes in getting the exact result they want out of an AI. Similar to old school Machinists don't do manual machining any more, you have CNC Machinists that know how to manipulate the machine to achieve the result they require.
This is very cool 😎 👌 👍
I like the thing that was said at the end. none of us really have the answers. A lot of people are scared of losing their jobs. A lot of people are excited about the prospect of being able to make their dreams reality. when people get scared they point fingers and when people get pointed at they get defensive. The picket lines get drawn before people have had time to determine the truth.
The thing is that you guys are ethical enough to ask the morality question in the first place BUT think of how many people will not. We live in a day and age where people just download, use and repost whatever they think is cool, never considering the person behind it, THIS takes it to another whole level. In an era where folks go nuts for horrible nft avatars, this will only make it worse.
Remember y'all, people thought cameras would end artist's careers. It didn't.
The only rule I can think of to protect human VFX artists moving forward, is that their work can still use AI generators but they CANNOT include prompts/terms  that include other people's names. On the other side of the coin, anyone can be a generic VFX artist which diminishes their skill/talent/usefulness
Your "AI Pokeball" lol
As an artist myself, I think people who are concerned with "AI taking over my job in the art industry" aren't seeing the bigger picture. It is a valid concern for sure. However in my view, artists should be more focused on why they would need to work for a large studio in the first place once we get to that point. In a world where just a single person or small team can make a professional looking movie, game, tv show or whatever it may be... how would relying on a paycheck from a giant company make sense? The need for giant companies making art/content is going to go away pretty quickly when the playing field is leveled that much. Despite the future world where anyone is able to generate "high-fidelity content" still, the best idea wins. Artists are going to have all the tools in the world to create stuff of the likes we haven't seen before at a fraction of the cost and man-power. A well-made large scale piece of art like a film, still needs art direction from someone who knows their stuff. The end result is going to be better stuff being put out into world from the imagination of human beings, not big studios dependent on share holders. Stable Diffusion is free, open source and anyone can add to it with improvements (like Dreambooth in the video here). It has proven that the biggest developments from AI will come from online communities, not the big companies. I think this is going to be an independent revolution even bigger than YouTube itself and I'm excited.
Alot of the ai image gens take artists images and remix them with other art work. It's like a fucked up form of plagiarising that you can't fight against
Nah, Twilight was better! :)
Are we going to lose our jobs, I haven’t graduated high school :(
it should be like a block chain, only in the way the image is created, the words used to create such image become an engraved part that cannot be edited. So no one can ever hide what references of other art they used, and credit is always given where its due
Even with the ai generating the actual images, it takes a kind of artistry to know what and how to input to get the kind of image you are looking for. It takes a human touch to selectively choose a section to put a different head on just like Nico did with the drowning image
This is mindblowing, so crazy
Please forgive my ignorance, but who is Steve...?
A Mass Effect style game where AI builds the story as you play based on your choices would be amazing.  As far as jobs being taken away, that's just life. How many non-digital artists are out of work because of not learning digital art. I played drums professionally for 20 years, and then learned software engineering. As a dev I get asked to automate processes all the time. Some of those automations even take peoples jobs away and they have to adapt, but my job is safe because I can use the tools. So as long as you can adapt with the times, and learn the tools of the trade not just a section of it, you should still be able to find work.  A growth mindset is the best skill you can have, and the world always need skilled workers.
Hypothetically, what if we filled the internet with AI art. Will future AI pull from those? What will iterations of former AI’s art look like? Will this homogenize a certain styles or genre? Will certain biases remain, like multiple fingers?
I cannot overstate how much AI will grow in the coming years. While computing power is expected to double roughly every 2 years, AI power is expected to double nearly every *3 months*. If this is what we can do now, imagine what will happen in just a few years. We already have AI that can create images, text, and interpret & understand existing images, text, and voices. We have AI that can recreate faces from your voice, replace faces seamlessly in videos, and even remove entire people and objects from videos with no visual artifacts, and even remove shadows & their effects on the environment itself.  Make no mistake, this is just the beginning.
C,Mon guys, Bait headline tactics. Sad
Very cool all of it I just wish it didn’t exist 😂 I don’t want to be out of a job because of this stuff
If you guys in the comments ever watch the channel Cold Fusion, then you'll know that AI doesn't stop at art.
Only half way through the video and i can see part of the future already o.o U have ur own profile where u go to a photobooth to get all of ur images taken and packed into a file.. Then whenever u do online shopping for clothes or anything, u upload ur file to ur account and it auto deep-fakes ur body/face into the clothing  o.o Can be done with any item pretty much and profile pics for games as main character etc
Did I miss something...?  Where was Wren in the story...??
Niko: Sam were gonna make history!  Sam: Okay.
Great story makes the difference. How many great fx movies had crappy story?  Story telling makes the difference.  I hate to break it to you, there are plenty of illustrators but only a few tell a good story.
Marks fears are coming true !!!
AI storyboarding is gonna be insaneeeee
Steve should have been there during the presentation. Would love to see his reaction.
Is this ai available for personal use? I would love to use this to make character art for my dnd games using the players faces.
So if you use this tech, can it be published?
As a Digital Creative myself, I'm also torn. I love the idea I can give my Pathfinder and DND characters more options for digital tokens as I play virtually a lot. But the possibility of having your art style completely stolen just feels so wrong. It devalues the arts, as even as shown by the MidJourney paintings, even canvas work isn't safe.  I will always pay commission to other artists, as I am one too. But what of the "Choosy beggars" of the internet...  I think social media presence and digital signatures will become more prevalent in time, and eventually the selling of AI made art will be illegal. But it can't really stop it from happening.  AI is going to be weird, and I think it's going to shake up the digital landscape, likely forever.
Holy sh*t that’s incredible!
14:22 use my strong hand hahahaha 🤣😂😂
I think you guys just gave me an idea for the YouTube channel I plan on creating 👀
WOW!!!
13:04 That horse scares me. It looks like it got its mouth sucked into a tube.
The moment before they realise AI is slowly taking their jobs...
where was wren lol
For some reason i I love that all of Sam's guns are tiny lol!  and he has 3 bat ears
_"You will lose your job! And you will lose your job! And you also will lose your job!"_ - Ay Ei  The problem isn't that people lose their job, the problem is the social system and politics which can't keep up with technological changes. Imagine if everybody has enough money for rent and food without working, but can work to make more money. Then this wouldn't be a problem.
13:51 EMOTIONAL DAMAGE
A lot of the animators and illustrators at our studio use AI as a concept, or mood board. They use it to get Compositions and lighting. When doing storyboards or backgrounds.  I like it as tool to help get started on a project. But some of these pieces you made feel complete and finished.
Wasn't Jordan Knight a new kid on the block?
For those who are much smarter than me, how can i add myself to the ai program or is it super complex?
13:04 that horse, we need to talk about that HORSE!
Imagine in a few years when it starts blending motion in there.. You guys are out of a job! ;) As much as AI makes me apprehensive, this is really cool.
This is terrifying. One will be able to destroy someone's life by simply generating a picture.
MOREEEE
wait Joe penna? is mystery guitar man pushing the lines of AI??
this is the future of profile pictures!
this might be the moment I try it. I never put in the effort in doing AI stuff. Matter of fact I  have 0 experience in AI or coding ar anything like that. I'm a PC technician,  game pc builder gone M365 Engineer in some company. The most I know is some 'advanced' powershell. But this, I am 100% that guy in your friends group that comes up with these random crazy tech fun-to-knows. And I now feel it's time I up my game, I must and will try to use this tool :D whish me luck.
I've looked at all of the links, but can't figure out how to upload my own image..
Oh my god yes
First the human needs to knowledge or help the AI make it unique and that artist will probably still be here through the tech age. Due to fact that AI need something to be based off from and that AI can create it own unique spin on, but it could go to little or to far. Each Artist is creating the base of the AI idea of what the art should look like.
I can see this being a vaulable tool to use when creating a story board for a box office film.
what is the AI system that they are using??
Awesome video!
I’ve never wanted to be able to draw like a computer until now
I absolutely LOVE the fact that you brought up the morality of it. Too many people are doing exactly what you said not to do and they're claiming these generations as their own art. I'm sure you know of the AI generations that won an art competition not too long ago. Personally, I see them as a tool FOR artists to get a better visual of the images in their minds, before putting in their own time and effort to create an original, unique piece. That or somethin to goof around with while hanging out with some friends. The downside that I see is that there are too many dishonest people in the world. They'd type in "Greg Rutkowski" and claim that they painted it in photoshop or clip studio or some similar program. The more "human" or "realistic" these generations become, the more difficult it'll be to weed out the dishonesty. All in all, I'd watch a Son of a Dungeon style short film about this story, that was awesome creative flow from Niko!
Should have tried Yoshitaka Amano
Brilliant
What AI ste you guys using?
So AI can write stories, can create images, can make music, can animate, we'll likely see a YouTube video created entirely by ai in the next few years that is passable. And most of the creatives will be out of a job in a few more, or at the very least transitioning to AI editors. What a time to be alive.
The trouble I feel with it is the database is comprised at least on some level of stolen artwork, as it obviously can’t do it without mashing actual artists work together. Can’t lie that it does results though. Left me with a good take on it though, so thank you.
I think with famous artists it would be like having a replica of the Mona Lisa it’s an exact copy but it’s not the real one
As a digital artist, this is both exciting and depressing. But I believe that ultimately it would bring more attention to real artists and, more importantly, on their process. Overall, the inspiration, the technique, the idea, and how a piece of art came to life is far more interesting than the finished element itself.
Niko's episodes are always my favorite ones. Great narrative skills by the way.
This is depressing
I am really fascinated and mesmerized by this technology, but on the other side i can basically give up my dreams of making a living as an artist. Like all my hopes and dreams are basically more and more shattered with every new ai model. Like no body is gonna give a shit about artist in the future since everybody can do the same thing then by just typing a few words in a keyboard and that's it. I guess the past years of my working hard and improving my art as best as I can and to become a better artist will just be futile in the future since everybody will be able to do the same thing by just typing a few words in their keyboard.
This is insanely cool
You know how people get those weird artistic paintings of their dogs like they're historic generals?  I feel like normal people are gonna do the same thing with this exact technology. _"Yo, you know what I want hanging on my wall? A badass portrait of myself as a fantasy knight. Lemme just enter that into this program aaaaaaand done."_
Jake looks suspiciously like littlefinger
Despite the obvious issues this raises I was basically crying all through that.
Both amazing and really really horrifying for artists
Ya... no thank you I do everything from scratch... but that doesn't mean I won't like to give it a try
well that stinks
❤ this is good
I'm not smart enough to look at the moral implications of this AI in a large scale and in the future. All I know is that if I want a cool and very specific wallpaper/design for my phone/laptop etc. I can just run this AI and save money(lol broke college students might relate). Ofcourse this is just for my personal use but I'm pretty sure things get more messy once you scale it up. I don't know about that.
are we all ready to live in a world where a 14 year old generates 500 hours of hardcore pornography featuring their highschool crush by taking some selfies off her instagram feed and pressing a button?
This is great right now, but what happens when everyone is creating art with AI using the same humans as inspiration? When will new styles be invented if they always draw from the same pool?
The moment when Steve came to the brave knight I lost my shit
Best video yet.
how do you put yourself into dream studio
Nah this is too seamless. There’s something fishy about this. Might be a prank
Greg rutkowski actually put out an article claiming he does not want people using his name and work on AI training sets! There's your answer
AI is coming for everyones jobs. Not just truck drivers
I'm afraid you may have opened the pandoras box of AI
I'll give you an answer to your question. no, it will not be the death of VFX but the death of actors rather cause we can have anyone wear motion capture suit and then take it from there
In regards to the art theft discussion:   I think the whole art stealing dilemma starts to vanish more into the background as the AI gets better and fed with more stuff, cause right now you need artist names to steer it into the right direction, but at some point it should get to a point where it can assemble coherent pictures based on the prompts and descriptions alone, without having to fall back on picking from 80% existing artwork and 20% random interpretation.
This has been my last month, with Midjourney.  Just wow and wow and wow.  I'd better learn me some Python so I can get dreambooth to work, cause that's even more wow.
No love for Nico?😢 Where’s his AI Big Boss?
I'll keep saying this until you take it into consideration: Please fix the Alien effect in Alien 3. PLEASE. Do what you did with the Scorpion King in The Mummy Returns.
The Metal Gear ones are amazing.
Anyone else think it's time to replace those boring paintings?
You can use this ai tech for the dungeons and dragons videos
wow man i am speechless!!!! i liked this video
Great demonstration of the next gen in art and communication. Thanks Niko!!
This is nuts though, missed opportunity to show Wren as Kaladin Stormblessed hahaha, surge binding on his one wheel
And this is just the beginning!
Lol I am really sad for digital artists( am one lol)
at face value, any image generator is a tool. But, as Niko says at the end of this , the way this tool generates images is on dubious legal ground. When an image is generated , specifically sourcing the brushstrokes and composition from a REAL drawn/painted image .... is that image better described as being created by that artist ? should they then get royalties for this ? How do you distribute royalties for something that's sourced from virtually anyone or anything ?  As anyone else popping into these comments might notice, concept artists in particular are sweating right now and rightly so, that's exactly what this AI is best at generating right now. In another couple years it'll just be full finished quality images instead of more conceptual fair, after that ? video ? animation ?? It's surely something that may need regulation before it gets out of control.
i see a new job title on the horizon in the creative field, my crystal ball is telling me it shall be known as *Ai Prompter* seriously though. this won't get rid of art done by humans, the same way digital art didn't get rid of traditional art, and digital VFX didn't fully replace practical effects. Its just gonna be another tool we have that if anything, will just create another category in the creative mediums for us to use.
Your the man Nikko ❤
amazing
Imagine if AI art was combined with something like AI Dungeon
I'm absolutely terrified for real artists because I can image this being just too insane a few years down the line, but at the same time I just can't help but be utterly amazed by this.
yoooo he got the carpenter brut shirt
5:08 - There is even subsurface scattering on his right ear!!
I see why some artists don't like when AI gets trained on their works, there's some huge concern fro plagiarism and copyright there
how did you do this and how beefy of a computer did you need?
Make the 1st Ai Generated book/slideshow, Story created by ai and Images By AI
Niko, if you are reading this, would you mind sharing the stable diffusion settings you did these with please? (steps, interpreter, CFG)
the thumbnail looks like a group of snapchat filters
All these people expressing concern about job security for artists or what this means for artists being relevant. Are we really still ignoring the fact that these AI basically steal existing art and collage it?
“I don’t want Facebook to use ai generated biometrics to make ad money off of me” - alas, this technology now allows this to happen but on a significantly wider scale.  There comes a point at which the artists after which these are stylized (particularly when their name is used in the prompt itself) must be compensated, otherwise you are potentially damaging their wellbeing because you *know* big business will cut corners wherever they can. Very few artists, if any, likely gave consent to have their styles replicated artificially - particularly when it can now be done in such a short timespan.
I think it's simple.  If someone uses this kind of program to "create" art, and utilizes it to mesh and mix a real life artists unique style, then the person using the program should simply cite the artist that they're honoring in the same way that you cite quotes from books/magazines/interviews... etc.  Give proper credit where credit is due, and artists can continue creating and inspiring and people can continue honoring them and utilizing those artists styles without trying to pass it off solely as their own.
The next step should be making videos with that. 👀
I don't see any moral issue, all artists "steal" from other artists, that's literally what ART *is*. If an artist thinks they "own" a style or a method, it's usually they don't realize the influences they have already taken in from others. All art is built upon previous art. You still have to know the best way to prompt the computer for the image you are looking for. It's basically like learning an "art language"
Imitation is the biggest form of flattery
This is really groundbreaking revelatory.
How Niko reflects on the software and gives IMO the best analogy for the masses to understand is another reason I love this channel so much! Ground breaking tech, amazing filming advice, breakdown of VFX and CGI etc but what does it all mean to the average person and up and coming artist. The whole team at CC is first class! 💖💖
18:05 You don't understand, this collection of genies is out of the bottle and they are not going in.
Well said Niko 👊
How were you able to use the photos of yourselves?
I am just super grateful that these projects are open-sourced so a dummy like me can fiddle with them.
Plz do another one this was so cool 😂
13:04 Thats one squished horse right there
These images would make great character portraits for RPGs.
What the???? Can you like generate key frames and then just ai generate the motion transitions in between ??? Death of animation????
Yay.
lmao you blurred it out but not the screen of the laptop 00:09
Stable diffusion on local PC is such a great thing. Too bad I only sport a 1060, so it's pretty slow for me
In future, there is no artists, you just go generate art!
Me saving up for a 4090, and having a DND group that would love to be their characters...
While the generated imagery is incredible at first glance, and it is, professional artists shouldn't be too alarmed over this. 'Cause look closely, and you'll see cracks in every image, cracks that are a lot more serious and substantial than you may think. Solving issues like hands, tongues, eyes, meaningless chunks and "shadows," proportions of non-human bodies (and even human ones a lot of the time) and many others may take years and even decades, and there's no guarantee that they will ever be solved. The problem is that an AI by its nature cannot understand what it's creating, because the images are flat representations of 3D objects affected by physics. You can stuff as many pictures into the source database as you want, and it will never be enough, because flat images offer shortcuts to surface-level mimicry, not actual rules of how everything should look like with 100% real-world accuracy. On a rudimentary level, it's going to be awesome, it already is. But getting exactly what you want and without silly robot-esque mistakes won't be a certainty with machines for a very long time.  Case in point: automated translators. Google Translate has been around for 16 years. DeepL, a far more sophisticated deep-learning system, for 5 years. They still regularly make the dumbest mistakes because they are incapable of understanding what they're translating. They merely adapt known patterns. They're obviously incapable of properly translating jokes or passages meant to chill or evoke other emotions. You want a proper translation, you hire a translator with an editor. Same will remain true for artists for a very long while.
Bro this is ridiculously terrifying and awesome at the same time. Will digital artists become completely obsolete?
I think copyright issues will flood this whole ai thing, so enjoy it while its open and free
I don't know how to use the software, I'm probably just a little confused.  I've installed it and its running, but I don't know how to upload a source images to create ones based on a source batch of photos.
Maybe artists won't be the one making the art but the one supplying the reference material, this of course relies on it not being free software for everyone on the internet, but software you purchase and then you can buy artist's work to add to your database for the AI to pull from.. or there is just one large database but artists get paid a small amount whenever the AI used their work as part of the image they created.
Just me that wants a full series of exactly this?😂 give us a myriad of stories, art styles, characters, genres😂 Niko being our narrator😂
I was thinking to try it and then i remember my computer at home is like potato with a fan.
It's crazy where we are going. I can't wait to turn my own written story into a Hollywood movie by just using AI.
nico literlal socrates
I was thinking to try it and then i remember my computer at home is like potato with a fan.
Despite how hard I try to remain optimistic, it’s pretty stressful watching AI progress as a young 3D artist. I quite honestly can’t imagine life being worth living for me if the visual art industry is automated. It’s difficult not to get emotional about it because I'm so passionate about my career and one day, all the work I put in/experience I have could mean essentially nothing. Over the last few months I've had to seriously consider a career shift. Maybe there isn't much of a future anymore in this industry to provide for a family. And is it fair to take that risk if it puts the future of my small family in financial jeopardy?   Additionally, artists are already constantly shamed for all their quirks but only accepted because their skills prove useful to many businesses who rely on their creative talent. I cant imagine how poorly artists will be treated by if their fine art skills served no monetary value. I've always been a bit different. Often, the only way I can freely express that and have others admire my humanity is through art.   If AI is to replace all labor, I hope it goes fast enough to automate most manual labor before it forces those with creative jobs into factory sweat shops. I’d rather be f&@king dead than work an boring, awful job for decades just because society hasn’t figured out how to automate it yet. You can tell me to suck it up. Touché. I just don't see the point in living life that way to be honest. The only thing that keeps me optimistic is that I love what I do so much I shouldn’t really care if a robot can do it better than me. I do it because it brings me peace and calms my mind. It’s no secret, art is therapy for many artists. However, I'd be lying if I said I haven't been struggling to find purpose now. For now, I'm just going to continue making whatever I desire and work to build a supportive community.  Handmade clothing and jewelry still exists despite much of the field being automated so that’s somewhat promising. So hopefully when all digital art can be automated, our society will find a way to value and support digital artists.    I’m always cautious to publicly comment on the topic because it’s so emotionally charged, I’m afraid I’ll change my mind tomorrow. Nonetheless, this is how I often feel about it when my anxiety goes through the roof. It kind of feels like I watched my dream career fall apart in front of my eyes. I'm lost to say the least. Thank you for reading this far :)
anyone see the eye in the thumbnail ?
Where was wren?????
The badassery of Sam's face in those shots is unmatched
Well there goes my aspirin career as a creative before it even began...
10:44 I'm just going to call it without seeing it, these will be the greatest visuals you have ever made.
As an aspiring digital artist who spent so much time and effort learning skills to paint... I can't get over just how much I hate this shit.. regardless how amazing is it technically
I love this beyond words! 🤌🤌
Funny how Rocko's Modern Life: Static Cling made a great counterpoint to this. It lacks the heart, soul, and passion of an Artist and Creator.
My thought about this: it's awesome, and someone brings me back to the early 2000s please thank you.
that looked so photo real and amazing, this could make dnd so immersive
AT last AI has become the powerful useful tool that we've wanted. No for real though, those pictures are sick.
"Sleazy merchant" Jake is just ginger Littlefinger.
We need to make a whole dnd version of this
It’s insanity but level ten insanity! That is awesome!
Next Stop: It's used for some sort of porn.
As a concept artist this scares the everliving shit out of me. I am both terrified and tremendously impressed with the abilities displayed by this AI. We're on the dawn of a new era, and I genuinely think digital artists will go from creators of artwork, to polishers of AI artwork.
As a digital artist this terrifies me...
We live in a dystopian society
as cool as this is, i hate it. art is an innately human thing, and as soon as humans are removed it becomes soulless, no matter how cool it looks. people who have studied years to improve their craft should not have to compete with AI.
1:35 and 1:40 Please tell me that's a digital picture frame. Otherwise it's just freaky.
Tho it’s a joke these would be right up there selling toys, literally putting the kids in the commercials/games/movies, also for the grown kids cause hell yeah I wanna be in video games
Yo can we talk about Nikos hair tho? man lookin SLICK
4:07 I'd watch this movie
The day AI learns with an audience of millions is the day AI takes over entertainment. Imagine an AI assisted  movie that is slightly different for millions of people and it learns from how long it takes for the viewer to stop the program. It notices slight differences in dialogue, camera angles, fades, lighting, special effects, etc. After a few weeks, the AI will learn what works best to keep viewers attention. And heres the thing , it might be so fine tuned that it can produce a uniquely perfect story for each viewer.
This is reaaal fun for all the artists who's main source of income is commission work...
Reckless nerds will be the ruin of us all!!
Reckless nerds will be the ruin of us all!!
Niko looks like John Wilkes Booth. Lolol.
That was one hell of a sausage fest based story.
It's funny until it isn't. It isn't being scared of losing your job... it's the audacity of an A.I. (or the eventual owners of A.I.) just stealing a long developed style belonging to an individual, and people thinking that's ok. "you did this?" ..."I did this". Whoring artists into corporate machines was bad enough, now those same corporations will forego that altogether. What a time to be alive? Artificiality... alive?  It's like the joy of sculpting being cheapened by 3d printing. Convenience killing the human spirit, and for what? Money?   I'm sure there will be push back against this comment, but honestly, I don't need to argue this corner. The laziness of people is the pathway to the death of man.It's easy to see in every aspect of life and has been argued endlessly. But technophiles just don't understand it. Blinded by the wonders. There is no value in something that took no investment or dedication to achieve. It is just empty, dead. Meaningless.
that pirate picture of Christian was dope
I love your videos, guys, but the Capital One shopping widget is a no-go, for me. I learned of Honey, which does the same thing (which I use!), about 6 years ago.
This is going to be dangerous when there are jealous ex gf's around. Lots of pics of thier boo with another woman around town...
This is legit Scary wtf.
Jake just looks like that one guy from game of thrones
I've long dreamed of an AI system where one can input a novel and have it produce a quality movie of the story!  Could this be a step in that direction?
I just repeat here what I recently posted under The David Bruce composer's recent video, "DALL·E 2 of MUSIC?'":   Someone posted a share pic on twitter the other day: "For Dall:E to give you the exact image you desire, you have to give it a precise description of what you want. We artists are safe."
Will this technology just mean that we just make more of what we want in the end? seems to me that the more technology has advances the more tv/games/movie job have been created. Instead of making 1 animated feature film every 3 years they might make one every 6 months?
Wow, what a moment in history. Just wow
Artists still have their place though, because these images are generated by combining real art made by artists, without which the AI wouldnt have any source material to draw from. The ai wont be coming up with new styles and approaches to art any time soon. Nor will it get the subtleties of character. Not yet anyway.
they really be like : LANDLORD GIVE ME STREAGTH
I mean, AI is basically just synthesizing pre-existing human work and copying human artists. At what point does copyright law enter into this, or are these AI companies exempt from the laws that govern everyone else?
For every advancement in technology, artisans lose their livelihoods. But a new generation will always find a way to continue to be artists and adapt. Instead of companies hiring us to create a specific piece of art, they may license a style from an artist for use in their AI programs. And once we figure out how to stay relevant as artists, a new wave of gigs will appear that appreciate hand made art. Same as we do with hand made furniture instead of machine made, we will advertise 'Human made! No AI used!' as a selling point. But the growing pains are going to suck.
Did anyone notice the refraction in Matrix Sam's goggles?
Love the witcher style music
I tried to drunkenly explain to friends why this is insane the other week, I failed. But its not just visual. You have AI for everything. I'm talking scripts, movie posters, copyright checks, music, VFX... Things like that. And LaMDA is more brilliant than most writers combined so the future of storytelling and visualization is about to go nuclear
As an artist, my first thought was oh fuck now there’s gonna be a ton of people of fiverr selling “custom portraits” that take them no time and it’s going to change the expectations of actual artists in terms of turnaround time and value. But on second thought, this is brilliant for reference images. Especially as someone with aphantasia, this would be so incredibly helpful for reference
Art degrees rapidly depreciating in value 😂
cool... too bad that us artists will be out of a job pretty soon but, that's cool. can't lie.
I want more AI stories and use clint!!!
It's kind of a gimmick but I think it would be cool if, you could add images of yourself and describe them including age so that you could even make an animation of yourself actually looking at the camera to see how your face has changed over time, I know this can be edited, but this is for older people that only have a few photos of them selves as a child, then you could also add family members, have guesses of what kids would look like, and even how ancestors looked back in their day, also based off of general information about the time
Part of the reason I'm positive for AI generation is it forces us to think outside the box for what art is. It asks questions nobody wants to ask but should. I'm not afraid of AI I'm afraid of the people who can't adapt with it.
It's always about money
I still love that Corridor's TF2 history still crops up once in a while. 3:04 with the Heavy laugh lol
It doesn't matter if you use real artists names to generate their style, lets face it, people use other artists styles all the time. Art is fluid and dynamic and it's a mix of countless artist styles. No one is plagiarising anyone if things aren't a exact copy.
If its made by an AI it won't be your art, it will never be. If you didn't make it, if you didn't put real time and effort into it, even to gather the money so someone else does it for you, then it will never be truly yours.
In big tech's quest to get assets generated faster, they're a few years away from wiping out art as a concept.
Cries in future graphic designer. How TF emotionless machines that literally have the same creativity as a cardboard box be making these images bro.
10:30 The cars are all driving backwards!
Can you use the same textual inversion to implant an understanding of hands?. "man in cloak with X for hands"
Storyboard artists better learn how to keyword type ai descriptions
they are all a bunch of soyboys, but gotta say the technology loks great
Now, imagine generating image from people, fixing the few problems of those images then... feeding the beast with the fixed images again while generating more onto the story. Then feeding the beast with even more of the newer images that fits in. At which point would the AI be able to work with barely any fixes in-between and just having you type in the story and have the close-to-perfect result?
Anybody has an idea on the computing requirments/ computing time to generate an image like this?
I'm a writer who learned/is learning digital painting to make my own covers and concept art. Yeah, this just blew a year of work away.
NGL I'm kinda crushing on Jordan as a knight...
I think that artists are actually more excited about these AI than the rest of us. Obviously, I can't speak for everyone but it seems to me that visual artists dont strive to improve themselves just for fatter paychecks (they would probably still make art for themselves even without payment), so tools like these AI won't supplant them but rather supercharge them.
AI can't draw hands... the Uncanny Glove.
As a small artist, ai art kinda spooky to me tbh  It's always so cool though so it makes sense it would replace me ✌️😔
Watch this tech create full movies in a few years.. digital artists, writers, actors, directors no longer needed.. insanity
I’m guessing the overall story was assisted by AI Dungeon, unless Larion is a go to name for a fantasy kingdon
Absolutely insane that this is just the start of this insane technology
I agree with sam, I personally vote to say that it is the AI's art, with the knowledge that the inspirations from the data of the model isn't comming from nowhere. When you give a prompt to the AI, I see it like taking a commission. The AI gives you what you want. It's your idea, but not your art.
I'm having a hard time with this. Yes, I love the implications for this for home use. DnD generated characters looks fantastic and frankly, I'm quite amazed. Selling a work like that which is essentially just a mashup someone else's works and calling it your own is awful. With music I feel its different because you use a sample and build your own stuff over it. This is just using someone else's studio, with their tools, their presets, their work and their signature to call it your own.    I feel by taking away such important stepping stone positions for artists in the industry we're denying them a place to grow. Those AI scripts+deepfake+respeech is just a recipe for rehashes of art. All the sounds will have sounded and the colours will have shone. It sounds like hell to me.
That was insane. Also, what happened to Wren?
WHAT THE ACTUAL!@!! NIKO IS BIG BOSS CONFIRMED!!
This is one of the best episodes I've seen. But if you're gonna do a story, you have to be the hero, that would make it a lot funnier. You have to be better than everyone else, and let them feel it every step of the way.
I want Steve to see his AI shots
The wonder AI app already has this down pat
Now, the only limits are our imagination.
100% fake
I want to know how to do this. I've downloaded stable-diffusion and Dreambooth but its open source and I'm not so good with it. is there anyone who can link me a tutorial to everything I would need to know how to run and use this stuff.
There is about to be some serious copyright fights
This is scary technology, especially considering how gullible, uneducated and bad at source research the majority of people on the internet are.   General internet research knowledge and fact-checking should absolutely be taught in schools.
what you explained in the beginning is mostly wrong in the sense of you act like it is only for Dream booth. Dream booth is just a paid way to use stable diffusion, and what your talking about is called "textual inversion" which does not change the model but instead adds a layer over it and is available for free from many sites. Also you act like you need a high end system, in reality you just need a mid range modern gpu (about 12gb of vram)
idk how to do this stuff but i wanna learn
love the long snoot horse at 13:04 xd
I think that ai art needs to be labeled as created by ai, especially when imitating other artists
Stable diffusion
I bet that's what they are using for the Marvel movies.
Does this new version have a UI?
Honestly, this is revolutionary for people who are wanting to make stuff for role-playing games. We can literally have profile pictures for characters based on our players. I would still want to get commissions done as there is something special about having a human do it and paying for a personalized work to be done. But for casual play, or storyboarding scenes, or making a photo for important NPCs that aren't worth spending money on? Hell yeah.
I want to enjoy this, but I can’t. We’re 5-10 years from the death of visual arts careers
imagine that you rent out a warehouse to a small group of filmmakers and then a decade later they create a damn renaissance painting of you
I love Steve the Savior in white regalia coming to save Jordan. Fantastic, although scary in some ways.
11:40 GORGEOUS!
I need to make pictures of myself 🥹
Next year: Artists combine AI image creation with voice technology and an AI program that turns scripts into video format to create full feature length films. Hollywood panics and calls to make the AI generation program illegal.
5:40 Sam is HOTTER than EVER!
Nerds.
Should've used Craig Mullins for the artist!
This is amazing!  Great job.  Also, I think for a small fee, hiring a voice-over actor to narrate the story would've been $$ well spent.  I think I would've immersed deeper.
Lol “is this a childrens book?”
Dreambooth training is now included in the current Patron release of"Visions of Chaos". This allows you to do this locally on your own hardware. :) This will be included in the free version as well, once the bugs get ironed out.
Great job on this one, Niko! AI art is certainly a hot topic right now, especially where I live. I'm your neighbor at the Brewery art complex (a couple miles from Corridor). We have a bi-annual artwalk here and the next is the first week in November. I was really considering having a gallery dedicated to AI art. The images you've created for this video would be a great batch to fill such a gallery, with this video looping in one corner. Reply here if you'd be interested in exploring this.
Have you tried Blenders new Add-on called Dream Textures, it does the same as DALL-E 2, it also generates textures, it does seamless textures as well. I think it's way better than DALL-E 2. It's amazing.
I’d be shitting myself if i was an artist ngl
its gotten to the point that whenever i hear jakes voice i just spam the right arrow key
I've been doing a lot of Dall-E 2, Midjourney, and Stable DIffusion already. I didn't know you could train it with faces, and I'd very much like to do that, to create art for DnD characters, and a wedding.  Problem is, since I don't know anything about coding, I don't know what I'm doing, and the implementation readme is.. well, not for the faint of heart. It looks as though you HAVE to do the training on runpod, but runpod costs money(not a lot, but still), and you're locked behind a paywall before even getting into it. Is there anyone that knows how to do this? And how to potentially use the trained faces locally?
This needs to become a weekly thing
You need you use this in “Son of a Dungeon”!!! Please!!!!!
Amazing!
STEVE!!!!!
Sometimes we are fixed on the "if we can" and forget to think about "if we should"
I really like how he ended this video.
18:15 I would say it's okay, because it is something made by an AI in the style of something someone else made. Unless you make it make a copy of something someone else made and claim it's yours, it is fine, but if you do that, it is claiming something someone else made is yours, which is not right. Also, when you do stuff like that, tell people that it's made by an AI, and tell people who it was in the style of/inspired by.
Haha. Just tried it a few times on a selfie. It seems Ai, much like small children, have a very hard time understanding that men can have long hair. It realy wants to turn me into a woman
Wow, the Dreambooth Stable Diffusion implementation was made by the MysteryGuitarMan
I wanted to be an artist in the future, looks like my career is over before it started💀
I'm an aspiring concept artist and this really has me afraid of what the industry will look like once I get my foot through the door. But other than that the A.I is impressive!
Don’t ever claim these works as your own if it’s AI generated. A lot of these artists worked painstakingly hard to develop a style that a computer can mimic.
Imagine Nico ending with  "And today I'd like to announce that we are restructuring which means all your positions have been eliminated!"
MY PREDICTION: wanna see if this comes true. Someone is going to make their own AI assisted Game of Thrones Season 8 and it’s gonna look just like the real thing, only it will be created by fans to end the show the way they want. And you’re going to get competing fan creations vying for being the “canon” ending.
I know you guys are busy but please make a tutorial video! PLEASE!
Can you guys solve AI generated hands next??
Sam…please make a gym Transformation 🙏🏻💪🏻
As a full-time artist and spending a lot of time playing with multiple AIs I can say that I am not personally worried, it's just a tool and it's fairly limited in what it can create. It's amazing to conceptualize and test ideas, but it's basically rolling a dice and hoping the results are somewhat close to your idea, if you have a concrete vision and the skills to pull it up you can definitely create things at a higher quality than an AI, even fixing all the small details and mistakes on them is a time consuming and tedious process that only someone with illustration/editing skills can do. A normal user is still be limited to the data base, so unless you can create new data your pool of information is limited, artist will always be needed, and art will always need the human element or isn't art.
Those big boss pics were really good
I think it would be cool to use AI to generate reference images and then re-draw them in my own style
I find it so hard to wrap my head around the reality that this technology exists now. It feels like it just showed up one day and now is advancing at a rapid pace. It's incredible.
My No1 vid now wow
This is amazing, you guys should make a tutorial on how to do this.
so i layed down blender since ue5 and im really questionating if it worth it to go on with blender.  now with ai  the point of doing things by hand might get a resting place in ergotherapie. of course there were already so impessive fa landscaping tools that generate full planets with everything in a photorealistic way like terragen, worldcreator  bryce etc,  but ai  gives me the last nail.
In the future or even rn, authencity is what makes art the way it is, this AI is fun for alot of people, we can lose alot of client as a artist, but ey dont stop doing what you are doing rn, just do what you want and make your authenticity yourself, instead of throwing words
I'd love to see a second channel with AI art generation videos, tutorials, updates on tech development etc. Although an occasional video here is also very appreciated!
the title of this video should be renamed to "death of digital art" if you wanna be honest and not clickbaitey.  this hardly effects vfx since it cant add it to a video game yet or rig a model or animate anything. what its mimicking is digital artits. the title is too dramatic and missleading only for the intent to click bate   all thoe images in nikos story couldve very well been in one of dungeon of dragons official books, they were so good. and thats sad cus what ai pumped out in minuets or second, the most talented artists with the same art styles take probably a day or half a day to do. Thoes are peooles jobs being "mimicked by robots" and thats kinda scary
17:30 ayo Christian, get on it
This was super cool, how fun.  The only issue being I'd never get any work done, too busy making fun pics of my fam and friends.
Corridor Crew: Gets epic photo overhauls Wren:
I love how you all can’t recognize what a huge disrespect this is to the artists you are referencing from in your prompts.
I really appreciate the commentary on the morality of the situation.  Sam looked amazing as an evil wizard.  I would've loved to have seen Wren as some sort of bard.
Yayyyyyy Now any authority can take facial data captured by smart phones and incriminate you in any way shape and form! Horray! :)
isn't this exactly how were going to get murdered by machines?  isn't this THE FIRST step?
Do i have to run the .cmd everytime i want to open it in my browser ?
You forgot wren!
God, this is terrifying
The answer is yes, but you guys are set for life so who gives a shit?
The Smash ultimate sound effects, they thought we wouldnt notice sisiso
On a near future, we will can give a script to this AI and it will draw all storyboards for the movie. And some people insist in say that "The AI never will replace the human creativity"... Good luck for those ones.
Bane: You’re a pretty big guy.  Sam Batman: For you.
NFTs and now AI sludge. this slimy tech shit sucks
As an artist, I think the tech is cool - but I do not think we should ever let AI generated images fall under any copyright. It wasn't created by anyone.  I do think it can be useful as a tool but I think there is where the line should be drawn. It does genuinely worry me that this will make it even harder for artists to actually make a living off of their art. The art industry is already massively undervalued both on the indie scale and still very much so on a corporate level. AI images may just worsen this problem, even though it wouldn't exist without all the artists making the works used to train the AI. I'm not sure yet how I feel about that, I don't think it's possible for something not sentient to be 'inspired', since it's just an algorithm meshing things together. The result may look pretty much the same though, and I think that's all most people will care about.  On a personal level, it's really scary to me. Because art is one of the only ways I have to make money due to medical and other issues, and it's something i love doing. I genuinely hope that as the tech becomes more widespread that these kinds of things get taken seriously.
That’s actually really cool.
"cloud" in the description was misspelt as "could"
My only hope is that my non-artist friends will stop asking me to draw them.
Where can I do this to get some profile pictures
Buff Christian was so hype.  Also, for artists that are feeling insecure and scared about the possible downfall on commissioned work. Don't worry too much. This technology works great for concepting, but still lacks direction and intent, and resolution.   Think of this tech as the equivalent of "pirating/torrenting/surfing outside of conventional internet," because, even if it looks amazing, MOST PEOPLE are not gonna sit around and try to fiddle with the tech, because they will realize that the results they are getting are not what they wanted and would rather be able to tell an artist exactly what they want.   It's like that meme from The Office "...because we are honest hard-working people. And we don't know how to do it"
Holy.
im thinking half way thru this movie that this is all a con and the computer isn't doing this, they are just paintings down by fans over the years..
The Pirate Party has been following the original thoughts of Richard Stallman and asking the very same question: What is copy and what is original and maybe society and /artists/ will benefit on copying more in the end? Because, far down the tunnel there's always a frontier. We just need to find it.
Steve!
That was crazy!
OMG my mom's best friend is the production manager of Puget systems that's so funny🤣
How/why was Wren omitted from the epic tale...? Still art is one thing; from the AI can take the same art, and storyline, and animated fully, _that's_ when they'll be a "is this the death of VFX" video...
EVERYTHING IS A REMIX. Don't just steal from ONE artist like Greg. Steal from Greg + Steve + Koji + Abdul.
Niko: Clean your keyboard and mouse dude!
I don't have a badass pc like that nor the money for it but I would like to see me as Snake on that art Style from Shinkawa Yoji for Sure, how do I do that, I could leave my PC running for a month or 2 just to get the one pic if I have to.
People worried about "oh no it'll steal our jobs" better start gearing up lawyers to have your art removed from these AIs databases and watermarking everything you post when an image crawler could get it.
It's a very useful tool because how fast it can create art (well, depending on the computing power you have, they didn't reveal what specs they used and how much time it took for each image to be processed). But it's also scary how this can just kill a lot of jobs in an industry that is already look down upon in many countries (with many clients just wanting artists to do it "for portfolio and exposure").  Also that final part about who is the author of the images is a big "?". Since the person typing is not doing much more then... Typing a description. Anyone can do that and even do the same description and get the same results. So yeah, to who does the copyright belong to? The artists which the style is based upon? The person that types? The AI itself? What if the AI becomes self-aware and starts suing everyone for the art it created?
As a programmer and an artist IA art fascinates me and scares me at the same time, RIP our jobs as artists 💀💀
The implications of this seems similar to the issues surrounding sampling in hip hip music back in the 80s and 90s.
clickbait a holes
Welp I might be out of a job soon
6:53 - This is where I hit that like button!!
This will definitely put a crimp in still art. I would not mind seeing my characters in some other artists style. But having to manually add addition or specific information so the A.I. does not go off the deep end with hundreds of variations and NONE of them are at all like what you are after. So, I don't see AIGA being too much of an issue beyond being yet another tool.  It may also help in some areas. The ever difficult "one-man-show", will certainly be helped if A.I. takes care of more time consuming parts that are better left to automation, like Texturing, HDRIs, Compositing, image asset gathering or generating, as advance rigging set-ups (such as muscle sim set ups), running driven parts of a scene or rig. among other things. Things that can be quantified mathematically like explosions, solid object physics , the weeble-wobble of soft body physics are already A.I. to some degree.  Actual acting in animation or Motion Capture (MoCap) will be humans for the foreseeable future. This especially if something ACTUALLY NEW needs to be done. Even then fine tuning will still need to be done, and that will remain human.   AIGA is not the end and I don't think it will be as far reaching as many fear it is. But it remains something to keep an eye on.
What if Rutkowski generates an AI in his style. To whom should he give the credit and should he do something to make it his own 🤔
the most detailed storyboarding
AI art isn't going away. It will only improve. Genie is out of the bottle. I do believe they should be watermarked, physically and digitally. Perhaps with the artwork sourced to generate the image.
Hands, even robots and AI can't do them
The Landloard Steve reveal was incredible!!!
How do I download this
Look, plain and simple this is going to affect people's jobs in the real world. Why hire actual artists dedicated to their craft and have spent years practicing their work, when someone can just throw a prompt out there and get things that look "good enough" instead? There's nothing I can do to stop the production and development of these prompt generation scripts, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't afraid how this will affect my future considering I've spent the last 4 years studying an art related major.
Great, I have a storyboard due next week for college, can I use this? 😂
Wow
This episode was great!
Speechless. Jaw Dropping. No words can describe how awesome the illustrations are. It's crazy to think an A.I created such amazing works of art.
This is both incredibly cool and quite scary
I can't help but think Corpos are doing this right now and getting mad boner jams eliminating the need to outsource to artists now.
is there really a need to learn anything but math and programming? just why fucking bother with anything, automation's gonna take over anyway unless youre already settled into the industry
I am glad you address the complex moral issues around it toward the end
better than almost every disney movie made in the last 5 years.
I guess future artists can develop an art style, trademark/copyright said style, and license it out to AI tools? Idk man.
The fact that even AI struggles with hands shows how fucking hard it is to draw them
I'd like to hear what Greg Rutkowski thinks
its great for rapid iterations but it falls apart as you get more refined, hands and eyes are normally a big issue, I've noticed a lot of artist are starting to pursue lawsuits because they didn't opt to have the AI learn from their art pieces.
Ima need a full 100 episodes of this story. Like Disney shorts
Whoever did the mosaic at 0:09 needed to take a break from work.
13:05 - Then never wear a sheep mask again brosef!
Well, now I'm scared, I studied illustration at uni so that AI could replace me in a few years
That horse at 13:05
Ninja turtles!
Wow
Sausage Kingdom.
Ohh broo you have no idea
Getty have just banned AI images from being posted to their site for sale. How long will it be before AI images simply cannot be distinguished from human generated images.
i think this will be very powerful for independent film makers and game devs. art production sped up to a mere matter of seconds. I'm excited and intrigued with how video games/film will look in the future.
Is this the death of VFX, not yet... but concept artist will be, sooner rather than later.
Trivialize 2D Art.
fucking rad
Society will get to a point where we will need to pay people based on something other than work, because yes we're going to get to a point where things will do things for us
The god of war one seems like such an awesome profile picture
Well-said statement at the end of the video, Niko - this definitely opens the gates for a lot of things, but as long as we're careful to educate while this technology grows,  I think it has a bright future.
That was AMAZING!!!
I gotta fucking sub to an art AI lol
Kratos Greg just showed us that if Greg goes full bald one day, he's gonna look very badass
guys guys guys can you try out or play a  DnD game with a generated AI imagery and tell the story thru it . it would be so amazing
There is something sinister about this tech in that it feeds off human imagination. It cannot currently exist without it. Not unlike the way social media feeds off human attention. Be wary of letting it consume your thoughts and vivid imaginations (or artistic content for that matter) for free as one day it will not need that input to function.   Our attention, thoughts and imagination is where our greatest power (and value) lies. Big tech KNOWS this. Do not give these things freely to the machine. The lessons we have learned through social media tearing apart the fabric of society will serve us well when it comes to reigning in the AI beast system. The input to these systems is ALWAYS more valuable than the output, forget this at your peril.
As much as AI art is just AWESOME and super inspiring to look at and generate, it's also kinda sad that real people who spent years practicing to render, draw, and create can be easily mimicked within seconds by a machine. It takes away from the magic, even if the AI itself IS magical
Honestly I really wanna try for fun, but how big of a computer do you even need xD
This is actually wild.
Can we just make this into a movie guys? Pls
Lol. I'm pretty good, and I suck at hands too.
Are you able to shows how and what is needed to do this?
This is an extremely evil and amoral technology that’s going to greatly disrupt and even destroy many skilled professionals’ livelihoods who have studied their whole lives to attain the skills to thoughtfully and carefully craft these images. And this is just the beginning of this technology. It’s only going to get more perfect and better at replicating a human looking touch. Until it’s indistinguishable from human artwork and skill. The degree to which people are gleefully celebrating this is deeply wounding and discouraging. Argue all you want, people aren’t just going to replace all this lost business. There’s no way. The half hearted effort to cover the moral implications and responsibilities  at the end is so wildly insufficient…
How do i fuse my picture ??
Bro they could have used AI generated images when they played D&D. Holy epicness.
Looks like starving artists are gonna keep starving... :(
This is so cool! Sure, it has its drawbacks but it’s a big leap forward!
Welp, a good amount of artists are gonna get fucked over.
I was waiting for Wren's AI images I think we missed that one.
Next this AI needs to improve such that it makes the whole story as well, or even better, a movie
4:11 i love how he has only 4 fingers, hahahahah
PLEASE PROVIDE LINKS
I hate this because no one thinks about all the artists that had their work put into the AI in the first place. It’s a gross Frankenstein of multiple artists taking all their original styles that took years to make and recreate it without permission. It’s different if another person is trying to recreate a style because they have reason to. They choose how and where they recreate other artists. The AI has no feeling, it has no will. You give it a will and it does the choices you put in. No creative thought put in, just data sample to go through and rip from. I can’t stand people not understanding this. An artist has intention with every stroke, an AI would be nothing without the work of other to steal from.
No
While this was one of the most wholesome uses of a program like this that I can think of, I dare say that it will eventually also be the rarest use 😢So much potential for evilness, I really hope some guidelines and standards are found quickly, otherwise I anticipate some very messy moral battles.
This is THE BEST Corridor video in my opinion.   I meant to say, it's got to be amongst the 10/10 videos you guys have released. Really fantastic job. And thank you for allowing the average guy to peak into the future with you 😶.
Lol the Sam Morpheus was honestly perfect LOL
At the first part of the video they didn’t blur the laptop screen
AI will eventually replace every jobs.
Crazy good video. I really like the moral dilemma at the end cause that is a real discussion and the abilities of the tech is insane but there is a whole workforce of artists that are going to be uprooted with the improvement of the AI.
As a soundtrack composer, I'm scared/excited to see what a ML model like this can do for music given prompts.
So question, where all the images uploaded portraits? And would the AI be able to make none portrait images when none portrait images are included in the set its given as input?
People who used to make equipment hor horses and horse-pulled vehicles complained that the new-fangled "autovehicle" would endanger their jobs.  A few of them changed along with the times and re-focused their work to accommodate the changing roles of horse transport, but those who wouldn't or couldn't were pushed out.  Is it a good or bad thing that most of them ended up unable to work they way they always had?  Was it fair for them to be forced to re-specialize or learn a new job just to support themselves?  Should we have banned cars to save their jobs? Large farming and construction equipment like tractors greatly reduced the need for manual labor in these fields.  The need to dig or plant or harvest by hand is greatly diminished and work in these fields requires training to operate large work equipment.  Should we avoid them to allow more jobs to be had? Automated assembly in factories forced people working production lines to either adapt and learn to use the equipment, or abandon the field and find something else they can manage.  Should we go back to requiring everything to be made by hand? Technological innovation and progress *will* keep progressing.  Sure, there were times in the past when technological developments were suppressed.  In ancient Rome, for instance, they outlawed many labor-saving devices in the name of not crashing the slave trade that their various conquests supported and also to "protect public order" by avoiding putting large portions of the population out of work (unemployed people are desperate people).  Well, we all know what eventually happened to the Roman Empire. The *only* thing you can do in response to automation taking your job is to learn and adapt to *using* those systems to do what your job will change into.  And, eventually, our entire concept of economy will need to change when too few jobs require a person to do them that there's barely *any* work for people to do.  We need, and we need it fast, a way to accommodate people existing *without* the archaic, obsolete notion that a person *must* do some work to justify their livelihood.  We need to transition into a socioeconomic paradigm where having a job is an optional prospect; those who enjoy the work can do it at their own discretion, but it's also just as viable to not have a job.  If we don't, we aren't going to "keep the jobs"; those are going away one way or another no matter who likes it or not.  The only choice to make is how we *handle* not having enough "people work" to go around.
The Kratos one made me imagine hanging up pictures of myself with these images of various characters. Just imagine how funny that would be to walk into
I really hoped Wren to obtain the sword and become Gollum somewhere😂
Thank you for that last segment about creativity and rights complications. It is a big head scratcher and something everyone delving into AI should be aware of. Respect!
If you have to ask, then no.
Am I the only one where the link to the AI isn't working
The horse’s legs.
So I got it running and the first thing I did with it was turn one of my friends into Ranger from Quake and me into Gordon Freeman from Half-Life. I regret nothing.
That MGS is legit!
What watch is Sam wearing??
At this rate, we'll be able to chuck the entire Song of Ice and Fire series into an AI and get a proper ending to Game of Thrones
Can we now animate this yet though
Hi guys, i'm really amazed, and a bit frightened.  Can you make a clip about how to recognise AI from real?
Y’all disgusted by the hands, while I’m disgusted by Batman’s third ear
This stuff is pretty scary to me. Some people out there are willing to do some pretty evil stuff to people they've never even met, like swatting streamers for example. Now picture those people having the power to AI generate photo and video evidence of you committing crimes like murder or sexual assault.
Kingdom of Larion lol I see what you did there.
this was so simple but honestly one of the most entertaining videos I've ever seen
Where’s wren’s character!!??
AI is killing real art and it’s stealing from artist.
Steve should be indeed be painted on the side of the building
Girls: he’s probably thinking about other girls. What guys actually do: write a fantasy story using AI
@ 6:31 - me, BLOWN AWAY!
Thank you for ending with the moral concerns of these AI. While the technology is very interesting and has the potential to be powerful, it needs to be used more responsibly and the AI created need to be trained ethically off of data that is in the public domain and data which has been used only after gaining the permission of the original artists.
This AI stuff continues to surprise me, I wonder how insane it will be within a decade.
You could make a Really cool son of the dungeon book/story using this software.  Like a recap book of images of the battles and heroes!!!
When are you gonna print this as a graphic novel?
Guess, I have to find a new profession... this AI is better at digital painting than me 🙄😭
That's insane dude. I wanna do this and fill my walls with images
The issue with AI art is that it can only generate results. It cannot generate consistency. AI art works up to a point...and not a very far point either. Once you get into the nitty gritty process of reviews, model sheets, lighting design, and shot composition, you cannot depend on algorithmic dice rolls. People can create beautiful personal portfolios of work with this technology, but they are only cheating themselves in the long term. That portfolio might get them a job at a studio, but they'll be immediately sunk as soon as a director starts asking for specific intricacies...and hands.
In the next game you are the avatar
its the death of all art!  Ai is an abomination !
That's fucking amazing!
The storyboarding applications of this are incredible
The storyboarding applications of this are incredible
What do you do beyond that? Lots of photoshoping and changing of small details and parts, like the hands... or adding small details to clothing, shapes, character, frills. In order to really make a specific piece you want you do need to work on and guide this in with a good bit of effort most of the time. But even then, the general design is still directly based off of someone elses work, but honestly a lot of my own paintings nearly copied or heavily references one or two other artists styles, so is it different when I copy it by hand versus using a machine to copy?  Ya, honestly no idea, as far as I'm concerned, it's an interesting tool but legally quite questionable. And since it can't do things that are "new" very well, it's also really limited in it's viability. Like I want to make a combat drone... but not enough artists or pictures of combat drones of the type I want exist for it to make them worth a damn, or what about using my own new design for a combat drone? I made my own model for a game, i want some cool art for it, the current AI can't figure that out as well yet, it can't come up with a new design of a new ship or character unless it can draw from existing works on individual elements and parts to create them. If no artists make stuff with sombreros, I can't have it make an elf wearing a sombrero. So we still rely on artists to make the art we can train these off of, they do basically just rehash existing art/patterns they've been trained on into new combinations, not really much more yet. So for now... they aren't replacing arists by any means, that said... another five, ten, or twenty years... I honestly wouldn't be surprised if I could type in or even talk and describe what I want and get real time updates on something, make comments on parts to change and literally design a new vehicle or space ship or tree village or something interactively and then have the AI save the design/idea of that for reference in future works. Really, this techs advancing super fast so it's hard to say where it will end up.
i'm glad nico had a moment there at the end cuz apart from mimicking artists who are already dead, this could be disastrous for artists who take comissions too. like i'll definately use this ai it's awesome but if you want art in someone else's style, it's best if you can pay them to do it especially to support atrists who are struggling or have fewer big gigs
How the hell do I use it myself?
holy cr*p.. this is scary :O
At this point I'm convinced that an AI would make a better movie than Disney.
This is really amazing. Went straight over to get it, but I see you weren't joking about needing serious hardware to run it
Why samgorski looks like a villain in every picture 😂😂😂
Also I wanted to see Wren in the story!!
What an amazing episode. The hype from you guys was tangible! Keep up that awesome energy! Practically laughed my way through the entire end half of this video
So you know we are so close to personalized ads with our own photos from our facebook profiles
I love the dreambooth/textual inversion based story, but I'm sad to see that they risk propagating the misconception that the AI image generators "are like a library". This leads people to believe it goes out on the internet and find real artists images and mixes them together and outputs it. I've seen lots of magazines describing the process like this as well, which obviously has the artists complaining. The *training data* consists of public images on the internet, billions of them, but the end result is self-contained locally on the computer and is a gigabyte worth of neural network weights or so, that on a high level encapsulates all the art/photo knowledge available on the web, like a very very very skilled human artist that also have seen and knows about all the other artists and photographers and objects in the world.
this is absolutely amazing. Holy Shit!!!
young vfx artists:  why are we here, just to suffer
Man, I'm blown away at how easy the ai generates images. Scary, I wonder how far fetched animations might be given they're just a series of images in a frame.
holy crap, I trained the yoji-shinkawa concept <3
The computer that's being set up for them to use to be able to run the AI program. BUT THE GRAPHICS CARD IN THE PC IS A GTX AND WE ARE NOW ON RTX 3000???🙊🙉🙈🤣🤣🤣
holy sizzzzzzzzzzz
It may be able to replicate any style, but it can never replicate the artist.
Do Madame Gorski from Sucker Punch, mixed with Sam...
I’m sorry but. What the hell is that beatastic retromix melodious honey in your ears about one minute in? I want to worship that sugary choon all night long
I've found it works wonders for iterating on an idea or brainstorming, and then using the results as reference for real artists to work off of.
Dude what is that greasy ass setup at 10:21
Missed the Nope Akira slide
This is not new in a sense that you can condition the generation process with a face or something, to produce truly realistic images, but many of these trainted AI models have been kept away from the public, to make it harder for your average Joe who can use computer to create realistic deep fakes that could be used to cause harm. This is slowly changing now and honestly I'm scared for the future
I played around with Midjourney not to long ago and was absolutely flabbergasted at how effective it was at creating such high quality pieces. Yes, as an animator and artist, it does concern me, but I also recognize as an entrepreneur the usefulness of AI in further boosting my artistic capabilities to even greater heights in tandem with what I already know.  AI ultimately is just another tool for me to use. It creates the art from which I can then tinker with, but ultimately it’s me creating the meaning behind it.
I've been messing around with this sort of technology for a while now, and I gotta say, it's crazy how far it has advanced.   I am honestly seeing the benefits outside of creating visual art, because this goes way beyond that... Imagine the most accurate police sketches you could ask for, reconstructed security footage over a few low-resolution frames, transmitting video data over extremely slow connections (think, text-only channels)... This is big, _big_ like 3D computer graphics were at its moment... The only thing I don't trust is people using this technology responsibly.
Wow, holy shit is this absolutely incredible, I can already imagine it integrating things like aging... Holy shit folks, we truly live in the future. This is the leap deep fakes needed to become a paradigm shift. This changes everything!
Can anyone help me with an invite?
7:05 So Facebook and Apple watches are bad when it comes to data/privacy, yet uploading images of yourself to this is okay? This reminds me of the software everyone was using to generate older versions of themselves in order to slap on their Facebook profiles.
As an artist, and one who appreciates the hard work, talent, and skill that goes into creating original art; and as someone who admires and respects others who've honed their abilities and crafted their own unique look and style over years of devotion to their craft... I fucking hate this.  FAI🤬
I love this stuff, I can allready imagine, how powerful this can become. Just tell the AI to create some futuristic assault rifle from all angles. Once it nailes a look you want, you can make a model based on that and use it for textures. But considering art , If you slap artists name into the text input, than it should be considered copying.
the horse at 13:05  is just a beautiful piece of art
Soon enough AI and machines will be able to do almost everything, I mean people take ages to be this good in Visual arts and it will soon take over their jobs completely. All you have to do is type in some words at that point to get a result of your desire.   I'm excited yet sad at the same time.
For small content creators this great... But for artists this is devestating. In the industry now it's not about creativity or imagination it's bottom line, money...  Lost my job of 10 years as an artist/animator because it was easier to chuck the experienced artists and bring in juniors that was last year. Why hire an experienced concept artist at $50,000 just get a junior at minimum wage and have him generate AI concepts, I'm not going to give much of a damn about how homogenous the results are, it does the job. And because that junior is just typing text prompts, well just chuck them if they want more pay.  Here you had what would have been thousands of dollars of art and months of work in a fraction of the time and cost, when this takes off artists like Greg Rutkowski are going to be working scanning items at a supermarket.
I think what is far more concerning than artists work being stolen is how these technologies may be used to spread misinformation. As tools like this become photo real and accessible what will we do to prevent people from generating photos with someone else’s likeness to manipulate someones perception about them?
And now… this must be the next Corridor Digital live action series!
AI is an incredible tool.  Global warming... AI will give us a solution in seconds.  Problem is, it will involve removing humanity.
I love that two different sun glasses meshed together in the middle was used on the Morpheus image. And one half is upside down?
3:09 is Heavy’s laugh from TF2
AI depicts Sam Gorski as an overweight Batman using only a few reference pictures in unprecedented fashion. Sam: "I'm not impressed."
10:45 🔥 🔥 🔥
The creatives finally feeling the slow creep of technology potentially replacing them just like any other industry is delicious and I'm here for it.
I feel bad for the guy sat at the bottom left, he was the only guy not to get a character and he looked kinda left out.
I was looking foward to seeing Niko in this😭😭
Wait... someone is missing in this tale. Where's the Wrengineer? That's my new nickname for him.
Use it as a tool for your benefit, i dont get why lots of people in the comments are saying they're scared of it?
Fantastic way to end Niko. I'm glad you brought up those points about using others work and claiming it as your own. As artists, we have a responsibility to make sure we're setting the example! 🙏🙏 Please never stop making excellent videos you guys. Absolutely talented group of people there at Corridor Digital.
i was waiting for wren lol
Ethic is dead
Why doesn't Niko own Corridor, when listed on Wikipedia?
I just started learning digital art sad 🥲🥲
We all know how this is going to be used...
As much as I appreciate Sam and Niko, and all the AI stuff, my favorite part of this video was when I was informed that if I want to get better deals online, all I have to do is sign up for the free Capital One shopping browser extension, and I’ll start saving instantly. I can click the link in the description below, and get started today.😌
In my opinion, AI should be treated as humans, so if I can, theoretically, get inspired by that artist, even perfectly reproduce his work, I don't see why the AI shouldn't be given the possibility to, but of course, taking the credit for it it's the wrong part.
Jake, the most skippable face on the internet
jezus, so capital one is sponsoring the production no way there doing a portion.. Realy managers you  do not have control you do not gain more control. Just stop.. :facepalm:
Is this a corridor joke?
this is SOOO fucking dope
This is awesome
Definitely a moral and ethical discussion that needs to be had.
Was hoping for a 'Knights of Wren' homage...
IT'S OVER............ THE AI WILL CREAT THE MATRIX
OK, but where is Steve man
Playing DND with this would be so cool
Please react to the legend of hanuman indian animated series on disney hotstar
ARTISTS: here's some things we can do to feel a little less doomed about all this: - Broaden your styles: absorb the works of all kinds of different artists across the world and history, study their styles and what makes them unique. Practice in styles outside your comfort zone. - Learn the 'defaults' of the AI: moody lighting, orangeblue color grading, flat camera angles, tons of rimlight... these are EVERYWHERE in AIart because they were also *everywhere* in the last decade of human art that it was trained on. - Show your process: Post WIPs, do timelapses, record/stream yourself, add that *humanity* to your art! Everyone will appreciate it.
Bro I wish they actually made this as a video
Cmike is right, that pic of Steve should be on the side of the building.
Hands are one of my favourite things to draw, pretty easy actually. As expressive as faces.
Concept artist:  I'm in danger:)
You can go one step further and get GPT-3 to write a story for you. Then generate images based on that story
This is fascinating and horrifying at the same time. Like watching a train hit a semi trailer.
It's an honor to share a name with the king
This, combined with the release of Waifu Diffusion, and we are go for launch.
Thank you for making this video :) I'm an illustrator but I was never able to learn more complex digital techniques. AI has elevated my comics incredibly and this video really inspired me. So thank you. !
Whoa
So when do we have a competition on who can make the best story
I'd love to see you guys make a short film about Jake biting somebody and them only being able to talk in sponsorship plugs. Then the Jake virus spreads to the whole crew.
Usage of the Heavy laughing sound for Sam at 3:09 was perfect
Was waiting for wren the bard in that story
Im worried for digital artists being screwed by AI in the future tbh
You contradicted yourself at the end. It either enables people to make great art or it's like just looking for it in a library. (I'm on the library side).
As a graphic designer, I find this depressing.
What kind of specs did that computer have to spit so many of those images out so quickly?
Why are hands to famn hard to draw lol
I think the "one big problem all these generators have" is one of ease of access, but it's cool y'all got to creatively flex like this using the tech
On a writer's forum I frequent, I often see the writers using AI generated images for the covers of their stories when they cant pay an artist to make one for them. To their credit they always state when it's AI generated, but they don't know the sources of the art they're getting so they can't credit the original artists which I think is the main failing of this technology. On the other hand they sometimes have to iterate so much that it's 18 layers away from what they started with to get the desired image, unlike this version that can apparently ape almost any artists style with enough input. While it's a slippery slope, the screwed up hands and often melted faces are _still_ super evident in almost every AI image, so I feel like there's still a ways to go before this is dangerously close to stealing any artists jobs permanately. Besides you still need original art for AI to generate things from, it's not going to create those waves from scratch.
3hr rweky
Yeah, the tech is very impressive and could be a good tool to help people who don't have much artistic ability realize their creative visions, but AI art will never not upset me in regards to how it could affect artists. I just keep wondering why this technology is being made outside of "because we can." I keep thinking about that Jeff Goldblum Jurassic Park quote.
Amazing tech but I don't think it will end the artists industry only change it. If everyone can do it you need experts in this AI creation to create something outstanding. Everyone can decorate a home but for a above average result you hire a designer. We also need to feed the AI with the styles it can use in it's creations since they are all based on existing art, maybe that will become an artists work as well.
I loved this
So that’s how mtg art is made, I knew some cards were looking too generic lately 🤔
Damn, that's freaking impressive.
Do samgorski Thanos and samgorski bigfoot
I would use this for storyboarding!
No one can claim this as their art, it's ai's art
Damn Sam's weakness is the same as the aliens from Signs.
WOw, this is absolutely INSANE
Feel like a good application for this sort of thing is story boarding.
Too think that this could be how whole shows are created in the future, it is mind boggling.
Nico, clean your keyboard!
I think this might be the great moral question of our time. Who owns the images made by a machine?
crazy how good these look!
Digital Regurgitation
Big Boss Niko looks like something from another universe's version of Tarma from Metal Slug
Yo! Christian looks super handsome as a pirate xd
I feel like it should just be a separate category. Just like how 2D is separate from 3D or digital vs water painting.
And further fucking artists out of work.
I would kill for a tutorial on how to use this
I am compelled when I think that AI generation can be combined with the work of a talented artist to make something flawless. Many times, the hand issue was pointed out and laughed at, but just like how the drowning man was touched up to feature Sam’s likeness, I think for a rapid prototyping workflow where you come up with one or two key images and build off of it, correcting issues as they arise and adding fine detail by hand? That’s a novel way to leverage technology in a truly artistic workflow. Like, you guys couldn’t reproduce the artistic stylings of all the people you mentioned in your generation strings, but you COULD work with an artist of a similar caliber to set a tone, pick a reasonable colour palate and tone, and create a proper source library to try and accelerate the workflow.
Nicely done in the endchapter. The question is absolutely correct, wether you do something on your own, or use a tool for copying. a tool should be used as a tool, not as a production machine.
me *grinds my art and concept art skill in hopes of getting a job* ..... AI *infinite art for free in seconds*
thats just amazing
amazing
Holy. Shit. First time I have  been speechless over tech in a long time. This is incredible! Also terrifying but mostly mind blowing!
As a cgi artist, one minor thing that excites me about AI art is generating interesting textures. Not exactly on the forefront of most of these discussions, but it's potentially really useful.
I’ve been scared about A.I like this as someone who wishes for a future in art. The only way I can see a future is to be more creative and to think differently than the A.I and it’s users   (sounds a bit pretentious though)
The difference between inspired art and AI art is that inspiration still is transformed through the lens and talents of the artist drawing from said inspiration, versus AI that is merely copying those techniques wholesale.
Even AI can't draw hands 🤣🤣
I want all of you rendered as Big Boss now.
Good luck, Mr. Gorski!
Its gonna stay 2d tho so most of us 3d artists are good AI cant make a static mesh with quads along with uv wrapping with perfect islands and bakings
now *this* probably is the artistkiller. I mean, getting an actual artist is always going to be better-- But frankly, this can also be used as artist reference,, the way it paints in that Yoki Shinkawa style is so accurate I may need to play around with it and try to learn that style from the AI... gahh damn.
We need more ai story times
Please make this a series?!
As fun as this is, the application for this is actually terrifying. Artists will be no more, and their only use will be to fix code for the AI to continue generating these breath-taking renders/images/paintings.   I'm not saying we should completely abolish this AI entirely, but we need to be careful with this stuff....  Cheers. Be safe Corridor Crew, and you: the reader.
I think you should be able to post an AI generated image online, but it must come with the disclaimer that you used AI (like the policy guidelines tell you) and that it's in the style of [artist name here]. However, we all know the internet has a sobering lack of integrity.
I love how when they see what character they are, they act like kids when their name pops up in a math problem
I can already see studios using A.I to help with screen plays and concept arts.... It's soo cool but scaring at same time.
tbh I'm worried about ai art
Problem with this AI generation is that if we run out human artists one day to create something new, these AI programs will stuck with the data of the past and art stays consistant, uniform and dull.. much like my spotify or youtube recommendations without some additional infuse of new ideas from others.
You guys keep making more dnd art for ur friends LOL
You guys need to make a film based on this story
Love how you combined ai art with ai storytelling, the kingdom of larion is iconic lol
I think Ai art needs to DIE asap and i dont even art like that but the human aspect of art means so dam much when its for personable things sure Ai can make a building IDGAF BUT being able to type in someone's art style feels like invasive Ai art can stay BUT YOU SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO TAKE FROM OTHERS there should be filters what an AI is aND IS not allowed to take from if a company buys the rights and access to use Ashely woods or frank freztas art style then sure but to just be able to type someone name and take what they are KNOW for feels illegal
As a musician, I wonder when is our turn to be competiting with AI. Imagine typing a one liner and it generates a full song. This full song will otherwise take hours even for the most seasoned musicians.
I've been playing around a lot with MidJourney. And... hands. HAAAANDS  As for those fearing artists will be replaced, I've hit numerous instances where I'd rather just set up a render than argue endlessly with the AI about where to put the arms.  Where I think AI is really going to be deeply transformative FOR artists is the ability to punch up existing images. Like, do a decent render, and then have AI to add stylized or realistic elements. Even better, AI with some sort of guidance.
Honestly, this is a few thousand dollars and many months worth of commissioned artwork, generated in a few hours (?) for basically free
can you do a tutorial of how you did that or show us any? I tried so hard and didn't got so far
Wow, this is crazy. Absolutely amazing.
Wow.  I want to see this AI integrated into a choose- your- own- adventure game,  I feel like it'd be one of the coolest digital DnD platforms. Make it a Node project!
When Steve the landlord showed up, GOOSEBUMPS!
I love your question to all of us in the end. Yes. What are we doing to make our art authentic and unique?!
How is this art? You're not creating anything, only typing words into a input. This is not art. It would be art if you took the rendered picture, and then painted that picture. You'll never convince me that this crap is "art". A way to formulate ideas? Sure. Art by itself? Absolutely not
this is going to be such an incredible tool for storyboarding if they could allow you to pose the figures
Is is very bittersweet to watch
Ai and human stuff are (very often) different, so I don't think that this fools artists yet. Either way, I think that these are great tools for those who are looking for variation and corner-cutting in painting. Paintingover AI output is fun and efficient, I recommend.
We're moving to a world where people only care about art/media 'making your brain feel good,' and not about the intent and thoughts of the artist who made it.   In the same way that most people don't care about the artistry of a chef at a local restaurant, and instead want the best-tasting burger as quickly and cheaply as possible. (food is a necessity and not a luxury but you get my point)  This isn't just 'artists vs. AI', it's about the mindset of EVERYONE who 'consumes' art, and it's something we have to change.
I know they're technically supposed to look the same because of clones and all, but Sam looks like Big Boss, and Niko looks like Solid Snake.
Yoji Shinkawa is a magic word for diffusion!
Had to pause the video after the big boss photo to type the following comment: "This is phucking nuts!"
Now just generate the story with NovelAI, we have literal visual novels entirely created by AI
For me, the amazing thing about art is that it's made by incredibly talented individuals. AI ''art'' is worthless imo.
Its the fall of digital artists..rip
"Computer draw me as George Costanza Hand Model.......pre-boiling water accident.....f*** you computer"
*STEVE!* This stuff just blows me away! I absolutely love these style of videos!
The horse at 13:05 must've got its snout stuck in a vacuum cleaner at some point. :)
As a 3D artist i still feel safe for now, but damn the speed of the AI development is something else. Im not afraid ill be replaced my fear lies with the clients. So many clients already undervalue creatives and think I can make a 2 minute animation in a few hours... imagine what they think now when they see AI do it in seconds... theyre going to unfairly compare us to computers. Not a conversation i look forward to having.
Man CC. Futurist podcast and overall production company haha..... next month I bet you guys will use open AI whisper. This is gonna be wild. This is a wild year for Corridor
Hey engineers, can you focus on getting rid of jobs that suck and not the fun ones. Jeez
As an artist, who hates drawing hands, it warms the cockles of my heart knowing A.I. can't draw them either.
It’s amazing how this field of research is advancing on the scale of weeks, instead of months or years. I got access to Dall-E 2 like two months ago, and stable diffusion is already reaching insane new heights. This is exciting and terrifying for the future
This is amazing and devastating at the same time.
I hope we end up in a place where people can have fun and artists AND celebrities don't feel cheated. Possibly paying to use a certain artist for your images and even paying celebrities for the ability to use them as well. Something small. But when millions of people are paying a bit it could be a real windfall for them.
As someone that draws and illustrates for a living, Mr. Stark I don't feel so good...
Jordan (13:01): “Dude, this just makes me ashamed of who I really am.”
This is genuinely game changing. I can see actual studios start to conceptualize with software like this in the near future.
There needs to be rules put in place about the copyright issue. Just not 34 of them.
This stuff... wow! 👌🏻😲🤯
Thanks for the DB lead ;)
Next target is AI generated animation!
I'm an artist myself and I am worried about this technology but I also see the good it could bring and the bad but we also have to consider this is the future are we going to hold back because of our fears yes AI could take every single one of our jobs but the reason we have jobs in currency in the first place is because everyone needs to work in a world where we don't need to work and it's a choice whether we work or live the way we want or not is up to ourselves in a world where people don't go hungry and starve in a world where media corporations don't rule where everyone is able to live their life the way they want to the calculator is an amazing tool it's able to calculate calculations that are massive on a scale that normally aren't able to be calculated easily or very quickly with the human mind yet we accept the calculator and all of its benefits we accept the modern computer computers used to be people I believe this technology is as big as the Gutenberg printing press this is the future and if we don't accept it it won't be public and other people will have access to it and we won't if we allow big corporations to have access only and we deny our own access to these abilities we are cutting ourselves off from equality I have recently been using AI to generate VFX and texture plates for my movies AI as a useful tool stable diffusion can be downloaded offline if a whole program can be downloaded offline that's very impressive another thing you have to consider is you're not really downloading the image you're downloading the network it's a neural network and neural networks are based on the human brain it looks like a very complex amount of neurons every neuron represents a connection and a potential pathway there is so many things that could be developed between those billions of points they are creates a noise and then starts to generate images out of noise similar to how we imagine things or dream we are seeing visual representation of a computer dreaming just as our minds dream things up except for it takes us a lot longer to put the paper what we imagine our hand is our only form of output for showing our vision we need to accept this new reality many many jobs have disappeared over the years over the decades over the thousands of years since innovation has started if we stop innovation for us someone else will begin it again we need a form of Universal income based on the AI technology as a form of job security I believe the faster we can develop all these Technologies the faster we can develop all these forms of AI's the less people that will be affected by the turnover by our new world we must be brave and together we will be strong
a few more papers down the line, and all that work making Son of a Dungeon, could have been an AI prompt away.
I love Yoji Shinkawa's art. Very cool, and rather scary, to see it imitated so faithfully.
Thank you for fuelling this software responsible for so much ignorance and upheaval in the art industry. I, and hundreds of thousands of other struggling artists, are ever so grateful that y'all are willingly teaching this software, and the cretinous pissants using it as a cheap shortcut, how to reduce the validity of our work and struggle and sacrifice and dedication. Thanks.
I mean it’s definitely impressive but I agree on the point about artists. It’s worrisome. Plus this is really opening the door for misinformation and people who profit off of conspiracy shit even more. If you can make fake pictures of anyone in any kind of situation, imagine the damage that can be done with this technology. Imagine people generating pictures of politicians in any kind of compromising position for example. Fake satellite pictures of weapons and military amassing on some border. This really should be reigned in before it becomes impossible to do so.
holy shit this is unreal
I like how right at the end Niko shows that he understands the importance of real artists, for AI isn't artistically transformative.
This feels like the closest we'll ever get to seeing ourselves in a multi-verse
The hundreds of hours you guys spent researching how to use AI models is 500% worth it.
this kind of tech should be banned. it's unethical.
6:00 He's from the shitty remake of San Andreas not the OG.
Imagine seeing a photo of you that's never been taken! this is so weird!!! And instant fanart, for free. Lets all just quit guys we're done
Dall-e seems to do hands well. At least in all my attempts. Can you just use Dalle to inpaint the hands?
The most cool (and worrying) thing is that this could very quickly be applied to animation.
it would be so cool to see interactive video stories come from this
We wanted to see Wren's character.
I am an illustrator, and AI art seems ethically wrong. My problem with this technology is that it essentially plagiarizes the art styles and skills of established artists. If it wasn't making art that mimics existing art styles, I wouldn't have a problem with it.
VR Sam:  I am Fatman.
Id say its the company who made the AIs  art but they should need to pay commissions to the artist that the user inputs
We should treat AI art as commissions. You're asking someone else to do your IDEA, so it's not you who makes it, it's the AI. The same way that you'd ask a real artist to draw something for you.
Sam reminds me of a retired sailor who bought his own boat to take on fishing trips and can talk for hours about all the adventures he's been on or tell you neat little relevant factoids.
Great we killed art, are we happy yet?
am i the only one or niko sounds different?
Anyone else find this scary?
Wow. I've been playing with Stable Diffusion recently and it's just incredible stuff. We are getting closer to a generalized A.I. that will be as skilled as the best artist or engineer, and I welcome this new explosion of "creativity." It won't be long before an A.I. fed on the history of music will be able to churn out new original pieces in any style, all day long. And you can bet I'll be tuning into that internet radio station.
Absolutely love corridor but disappointed with the ethics of their sponsorship with capital one.
How did they do it? On which website can this be done? What will someone tell me?
This is bad ass!
big unit batman looks pretty cool
Digital artists will probably be worried thinking this is a threat to them. But this thinking is a fallacy. You could have said the same about software and computers. "This software renders light so realistically! I can't compete with my brushes!"  There still is a demand for 'real' paintings and drawings. And so there will be a demand for 'human' paintings and drawings. And others will simply learn how to wield the power of AI better than the average person and deliver services with that skill.
I'm surprised you guys weren't just freaking out over the renders of Sam. They looked epic! And accurate as hell, too.
We'll still need human artists to make truly novel art.  If you make a piece inspired by someone, be sure to credit them.
Niko please clean your keyboard, but otherwise it's crazy how time flies, sometimes two or three years is a big leap but look back ten, thirty years, the internet was just in its infancy
Hey... Can you guys upload a version of this story on _Corridor?_  I would love to share this since it is amazing and a good way to show what AI is capable nowadays... But none of my friends would just watch 20minutes of a video, just because I tell them it's cool... And with a Voiceover like from Sam. With the ending _Or is it the end?_ or something. A single picture maybe scrapping on the point of copying. But this is a story told with the help of pictures, not the other way around.
2 hour gang   read more...
I think that storyboard artists/set designers/world makers, and so many artists will make this another leap in the tools we use for image creation.
I think it would be good to specify that it is an AI image inspired by the artist.
Ngl, as an artist with 25+ years exp, i'd b lying if i said this didnt scare me but i am also very able to appreciate the beauty of technology so my thoughts r mixed but not to the point of having any sort of argument about it 🙂
I find this trend of outsourcing everything to AI to be absolutely terrifying. What will this do to our creativity as a species?
I don't believe IP laws are legitimate so none of this should be illegal. This doesn't resolve the moral ambiguity. But there should be a way in which it will be considered as fair use and thus morally legitimate.
This is like instant storyboard/concept art. It isn't perfect, it isn't going to replace the end result but for a very quick way to flesh out the concepts, it's amazing.
The real concern here is the fear of losing money. People have to stop worrying about money and do things for the sake of doing.
Great question at the end Nico. There is the now contemporary idea in art that the artist's choice is what makes something art (borne from Duchamp's ideas). IP wise - the code belongs to the writer, so there was a ruling recently that the art would belong to the writer - but that's were the coder is using it, rather than a 3rd party. Would it be the 3rd party therefore? In their choice of words, and selection? Who knows, but yeah, its an intriguing frontier.   Also, ya know, great content!
Now its mainstream  Imagine the possibilities like Ai generated games, movies, books, but also full on cities, methods to learn new things etc
Only one thing comes to mind: SON OF A DUNGEON! 🤩
Ok funny that all and AI CANNOT be so flexible and comprehensive as a human when coming to specific details in art, therefore humans may just an advantage on that, on specific things that machinery cannot think of.
This could be the end of a lot of people's jobs, in about 5 to 10 years, with an evolved Unreal Engine, you could speak q plot or story into a device, 12 hours later, a rendered film is there to watch. No need for VFX work.
Fact of the matter is... Computers in the consumer space is more powerful no than rendering servers were just 10 years ago. Software is improving so much that anyone with a decent gaming PC can render really high quality stuff if they have the know how.
Man i just want me as big boss now, but it sounds super complicated to install and run the program lol
I hope this is better than dall-E
D&D wants to know your location. Seriously this is such a powerful tool for creators and helps with the burden of burn out. I'm not as worried about original content in one respect because the computer still needs reference in order to do what is being done here. Major props to these artists who came up with the originals that you referenced to create those images of Sam and yourself, they are clearly talented.
God War is new profile pic for sure.
Good to see AI also struggles with hands in art like most real artists do Haha. I think this is really cool but also quite scary for the future. If AI can produce stuff this good now, it's only going to get better. What would be the need to hire and pay concept artists, story board artists, etc when AI can do it in a few seconds and for free? I see a lot of people losing work in the future, just look to the past with other jobs that started using more robots< car manufacturing, supermarkets have self-checkout removing need for as many workers, Amazon and other companies are doing drone deliveries. Rich will just get richer and the rest of us will suffer.
People can fake talent in so many ways with this
I really appreciate your thoughts on the subject of art and what we can do to truly make it our own.   Thanks CC! Always entertaining, insightful and forward thinking
This will destroy a lot of jobs out there
this makes me very depressed for the future of aspiring artists
So it seems like the most job security is probably rural handyman work. Drivers, retail, production, and creative work is all going automated. But driving miles out into the mountains on a dirt road with no internet signal to drain Memaw's septic tank or fix her AC unit is where all the work will be
Pretty soon we can all just retire and allow AI to do everything and we'll all turn into Wall-E
I've already said it elsewhere, but AI image generation should not be feared but instead celebrated as a triumph of visual art accessibility.  It no longer takes years of study and hours of effort to be enabled to make amazing imagery. You need only a capable pc and some practice making creative prompts.  As a fellow visual artist, I welcome you to this world. I'm so happy that it's easier to get here now. I can't wait to see what you make!
The images of the godly landlord, Steve, made me so absolutely happy XD
One prompt I'd made would've been "Sam Gorski without a beard", I think opportunities were missed here 😆
13:04 Long nose horse doesn't exist. It can't hurt you
I've seen some awesome animations generated by A.I... and would love to see how you awesome people can make it implement special effects with almost no editing.
Art class in 20 years okay kids we're going to learn how to tell a computer what we want
What is this called?
I like AI art, but i think it has that problem that many people are bringing up. It uses the art of real people to train it without the artist's permission and without paying them. In a video like this, I have no problem with it cause I'd love to generate my friends as whatever their favorite character is too, but I think we just have to be weary of this going forward.
Imagine being Greg ruthkowski, effortlessly inspiring artificial freaking intelligence
If an artistic style can be copyright protected then AI art is theft.
The rise of AI art has been pretty scary for a lot of us. I just want to say I appreciate you guys ending the video with the discussion on moral implications. People are talking about how it could take jobs from real artists. AI is a tool, so ideally it should make our lives easier, not harder. Hopefully we can find a compromise. Like you said, we are still figuring this out together.
Is this the Death of Art?
the 2nd son of a dungeon Campaign characters and story should be made this way
Holy fuck.
Any newbie can now create Manga / Comic Books. This will open doors for people will zero art talent but destroy lives.
I was hoping for Sam as thanos lol
You guys should interview Greg Rutkowski. Fly him in, let’s gooo!!!
Adding Steve as the founder of the land was perfect
do this in the same style to every member of corridor digital. boom, YouTube banner
Wild that Greg Rutkowski has been mentioned so many times in this video when less than a week ago he became one of the first major illustrators to publicly come out against A.I image generation. Well specially, he wants living artists excluded from A.I databases.  Once again Corridor is at the forefront of technological innovation AND the conversation about that technology.
No it isnt
I really don't see how the program is doing that.  I've tried Dall-E several times now with simple commands like "Photorealistic Robby the Robot Forbidden Planet on the moon" and all it gives me is a bunch of rudimentary crappy drawings.  Same for anything I put into the description line.
Ai should just not be used to do things humans could do otherwise it's not special anymore if it all ends up being done by a machine.
looks amazing, couldnt get anything remotely like that. All my images look like rubbish
How do they feed the AI generator with the faces in a way that they type the name of the person and it works?
The story at the end of the video was amazing
Wow didn’t know how advance these AI tools can be and created to make images. Amazing video guys 🎉
☹
Anyone know what AI they used? I don't think they mentioned it
These results are too good to be true. Halfway through the video and I'm expecting a plot twist, because this AI is producing insane results.
I think this will kill art Jobs like machines killed farmers jobs in the 19th century. However i believe that creating styles like ghibli etc. and adding of Details will become the human Part in art more and more.
Sam is annoying. Sack him!
I'm a lot more satisfied with my hand drawing abilities now.
Now we just need to combine AI generated voices with AI generated  imagery and have a narrated radio show with images similar to war of the worlds and the like.
Amazing video
this is so sick guys and very scary as an illustrator
I didn't see Wren in the story...
It won't be long until you can just make a movie. "Indiana Jones but starring Tom Selleck instead of Harrison Ford."
Oh wow. My mind is blown by the technology, but I’m very scared for what this means for artists. I’m not a visual artist but I’m a songwriter and an audio engineer, and this makes me extremely nervous. I might need to emotionally prepare myself for this.
How do i set this up for use? is there a tutorial i can watch somewhere? this is so cool
As an professional artist for half a century I thought the last thing that computers would replace was human creativity. I'm waiting for the class action suits to come.
Koalas are not bears. They're an entirely different genus/species/whatever.   Otherwise cool tech and wish I had the time to really play around with it.
In the future “human made” is going to become a big sales point
There goes my career as an illustrator
I used to think that art would be one of the last things that computers could do better than people. Guess I was wrong. Won't hurt my work too much, as a graphic designer doing print work and less artistic stuff, but I feel for all the digital artists.
18:12 hmm
Where's Wren?
Better story than Rings of power.. Awesome work guys..
Now everybody can become a comics artist 😅, so long art schools
We have few more years
Liking for Steve the Silver 😂
How do you train stable diffusion on sams face?
the implications of this new frontier. crazy
Is this going to damage my gpu if i download it an use it constantly?
Loved the result!
I literally had my jaw opened the entire story session. Holy shit this is beyond incredible.
This was inspiring indeed. Thank you guys!
please more stories Niko! Btw when you said the Kingdom of Larion, did you use AI Dungeon for Story telling ? If not do it next time ^^ But please include Wren and Peter next time.
Missed opportunity having a samgorski Arthur Morgan
this is so amazing love it
I was recently sifting through the Movies section of Peacock TV and saw something I thought had to be a parody of another movie but it turned out it was Released in the same year as the other, and it had the same basic story line, the only difference is it looks like a low budget version instead.  Could we get a VFX Comparison or Venn diagram? The two movies are Pacific Rim and Atlantic Rim. (PS .. Atlantic Rim had a 9% Spilled Popcorn Rating, only 9% of total viewers who rated the movie gave the movie more than 3.5 stars.)
This is mind blowing.
Damn, these results were mind blowing  🤯  and good stuff mentioning moral implications...let's hope we can figure it out in a good, respective mNner
This is impressively crazy and scary. I love it
This is unreal that's awesome
Capital one just straight up taking shit from honey lol
I definitely understand why many artists are scared for their job security. I mean, imagine if you're writing a children's book of even a graphic novel. You could literally generate all of the illustration for it in a fraction of the time for a fraction of the money with consistent style. That's nuts. I'm curious about how the AI performs in terms of creating unprecedented art styles. Aside from maybe merging the styles of different artists together, it doesn't seem to be able to invent new styles on its own
Hmm... you're right, taking other people's art style with AI feels wrong... but using AI to draw new art in YOUR OWN art style saves time and work 😉
You guys could use the ai for story boards or for characters of SOAD!
Sorry.....isn’t this the plot of Star Wars??? 😱😱
I like the idea of whenever a piece of AI art is created or used in a comp, put the input info in the attributions and credits including the inspiration artists etc.
Steve 😢
Computer generated images are not art.  "Art is a selective re-creation of reality according to an artist’s metaphysical value-judgments.   Man’s profound need of art lies in the fact that his cognitive faculty is conceptual, i.e., that he acquires knowledge by means of abstractions, and needs the power to bring his widest metaphysical abstractions into his immediate, perceptual awareness. Art fulfills this need: by means of a selective re-creation, it concretizes man’s fundamental view of himself and of existence. It tells man, in effect, which aspects of his experience are to be regarded as essential, significant, important. In this sense, art teaches man how to use his consciousness. It conditions or stylizes man’s consciousness by conveying to him a certain way of looking at existence." - Ayn Rand  Only humans hold values, computers do not. Only humans can create art.  Art is objective. Shame this isn't taught in school.
Mind blown. That’s incredible
Welcome to the Nikoverse
Machines have already been taking jobs from people in industrial and commercial work areas. Now it is beginning to happen digitally. Good luck artists!
I can see studios using this to storyboard their movies for a immersive storytelling to the artists 🤔
I believe the same rules apply with credits and acknowledgements but now with rule bending with nft generation artists going to have to stand up in order to protect there works.. originals vs inspired has always been in conflict but generally seen as knowledge passing and overlooked.. computation works prob not so much.. as the big boys say.. that's for the court to decide..
Was about to set it up on my own pc, then I read the specs needed. A6000 or something similar, Oh boy...
I've seen debate lately about these being sold as original art. Can you even call it art if no person created it?
So I'm a digital sculptor for 3D printing, and I use AI (specifically Midjourney) to create concept art. I don't use these concepts exact, the way I would concept art from a client, but more as a mood board, taking elements, ideas, and the 'feel' of the AI image.
Thanks, I hate it
And just as I became somewhat good at art...
Will Smith Tyson Kidd Boogs
That was a great message at the end. had a very important feeling
Cool, Guess I'll never be a professional artist then
Hopefully the guys working on this software don't improve the hand situation, I feel like that's the only thing artists have over AI xD
Awesome!!!
I'd do the set up just to the MGS stylized art.
did they have to train it with the different artists work so it would know how to do the style or did it just already know?
yeah this is going to give a HUGE jump ALL media. more creative ideas are going to hit the market with higher quality than ever.
What bothers me with this tech is that no artist agreed to have their images and art fed to an AI. I don't know if these companies are making profit right now but if so, they are making profit with art that don't belong to them. And no, it's not the same as someone taking inspiration or even copying another artist, AI are not human. AI have acces to billion of pictures to create new one, and we can just type in a prompt and have thousand of pictures. You can't compare this to "inspiration" or even to plagiarism
everyone's talking about laws being implemented to save art jobs: Never going to happen. Automation has already replaced most workers in loads of industries throughout history. There's a lot of money behind AI, and I hate to say it but probably millions of jobs worldwide will be gone forever over the next few decades. The job market for creative things in the future may very well cease to exist entirely.
yeah, personally i dont use artist names when generating ai art for my own things. if i'm just messing around with it ill put in old artists names but no one modern and honestly i think using artist names should be blacklisted, especially if its a publicly used ai like Dall-e or midjourney. i know they can black list things, dall-e doesnt do sexual things or violence. so putting artist names in the same list would be very good. now i know there's a new artist born everyday, but the people who made dall-e should know what their ai's knowledgebase is so they should be able to know the name of the artists art they are adding. if they dont that a whole other problem that should be mediated.
It becomes infringing when you try to sell it or pass it as your own work in any way. Otherwise imitation is totally fine.
This is wild. I need to play around with it.
This is incredible 😲
I wonder when and how this will be regulated. The AI is drawing upon real artists art. It wouldn't surprise me if it will go the route of fanfiction, where you are not allowed to monetize it without owning the things it draws from.
I enjoyed the story since it had pictures 😂
This is incredible. Another step closer to singularity as we give AI the ability to imagine and create.
can i have the link to dreambooth please
Great for concept art but what does it have to do with VFX?
absolutely outrageous!
Big Boss Sam was badass
I'll never understand why our species keeps accelerating it's own obsolescence in every way possible.
I think the history of photography repeats itself once again: First you had to be a chemist and have the means to transport the equipment, then came the 35mm. Then you could buy a small disposable camera with film. When the digital camera and photoshop arrived, the photographers who could not evolve left the market. Today we have AI that does the same thing as the vast majority of artists today, more efficiently. Remember that if you copy the style of 1 artist it is plagiarism, if you copy the style of 10 artists it is research. As you say, we must add our touch so that the work we do with AI has that added value and is ethical.
don't worry artists there is still furry porn you can make.
This is insane for D&D! Generating illustrations in realtime. Game changer!
The honest answer is no. It’s amazing! Like kind of shocking. But people have been scared of this stuff for a long time, and even if it’s impressive, there (imo) will always be subtle differences with how these things do art that will make it not reasonably usable in all contexts. I believe it will be used as an assisting tool.
Ok. Going to get a union job at a grocery store......
To me it would be good to bring historical characters actually to life as you could make Julius ceaser or Alexander the Great using statues or historical likeness and then use deep fakes to put them on human bodies  The problem is with historical characters you do not know what there voice sounds like  Wyatt Earp you could use his voice and generate his voice from recordings and use deep fakes to make him using historical photos
I couldn't get the ai  to work for me anytips will be appreciated
9.9/10 video!!!! We just missed wren in the story 😢
Actually just throw this in a video game so I can be the main character
You should check out EbSynth with stable diffusion
This should terrify everyone. AI will replace humanity and we're all encouraging it.
The scariest thing I've seen done with this technology so far is Qxir's video, where he creates the AI's interpretation of Hell. . . I can't unsee some of those images.
wait what website is this?? i couldn't understand them
This is perfect!
NFT gonna gtfo when this thing will go public
Could this be applied to solve real world engineering problems in the future?
"Look, A.I. can't draw hand alright." So so true. I was trying to get A.I. to do a picture of my friend pointing at the camera, and I had fed it the pic I wanted it to replicate... the pics came out terrifying. Especially the hands. Never could do anything that remotely resembled a hand. lol
13:04 that horse bruh XD
Nothing (not even AI) can really replace the hand of an actual artist.
This is super cool but I feel so bad for digital artists. This is only the first year. Imagine how crazy it will be 5 - 10 years from now
you forgot niko
I went to github to see if I can figure it out and mess with it to make myself big boss.... I read part of the readme and I closed it and deleted the file. I'm dumb
I'm going to lose my job after this
Corridor Crew seeing picture of themselves: WHHAAAAAT, DUUUUDE, THATS CRAZY, WAAAH, THAT IS INSAaaaaNE, OOOMMMGGGG, ARRRG
Im an art teacher....i mean...i was...an art teacher löl
Hey it's Steve the landlord! I actually was thinking in yesterday's video we hadn't seen him in a long time. We need Steve to come back
Yoyoyooyo the pic mixing him with John C Reilly is EXACTLY like one of my best friends. THIS IS INSANE, ITS FUCKING HIM
I feel like a little kid again, the magic is real.
Imagine using this for storyboarding, you are able to build an entire look and designs for your characters without a team of highly skilled artist that is frightening.
I can see a type of law in place where if you want to type in a creative style that mimics the style of an artist, the artist gets a small commission for every picture generated.
Fenner is already a perfect being, the AI could only go down
I don’t think this will kill anything. It might be dominant,  lbut CG was claimed that it would kill traditional animation and practical effects. It’s dominant but the others absolutely still exist. Likewise the same will happen here.
The Jurassic Park quote "your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think they should" comes to mind. This stuff is only going to get better and better. I worry what it means for those working in creative industries...
Sam as Batman give me dark knight return vibes
Now I know how the luddites felt. Can I at least get a robot gf plz?
My GOD!!!! This is crazy😲
I challenge you Corridor Digital to actually make a short film of this exact story or forever more be known as wimpy poo poo heads for all of your days.
this is mind blowing...
what software are they using ?
Wren was not included
I wonder who edited this video
I'm shocked... as much that this is remarquable but as an artist and storyteller being already torn apart with client and industry who consider that paying Artists is a loss of money for them still. I can only imagine millions of them pitching project without making us live of our own capacity to bring those ideas to life. Especially when big corporation as Disney don't get shy to use AI if it is not to overwhelm artisans with low pay check already... This is how it change the world, let see how the world gonna use it... probably like a nuclear bomb.
Poor wren
Is that Hulk Batman?!
I find it weird they made portrayals of their younger selves, niko has much more of an apparent receding hairline
No
Imagine when your social media photos are used to personalize your ads and put you and your friends into the ad being shown.
It just got better by the way there's a new update
We should all appreciate the works of Greg, my god all of this was possible because of his talent. The tech is amazing, but it wouldn't make anything if there was not any source material that good.
IM ACTUALLY SHOCKED from this point forward ai art will only be surpassed by verry good artists.... what a time to be alive im not too shure if its good or bad tho
Video games, or making AI art   It's tempting
Words to a prompt is as pen is to paper, you may not have painstakingly made the art but you are the autonomy that has used the tools to create, the art is yours, no matter how much you hate it.
its bad that is uses someone elses style if you could make it learn your drawing styleand make stuf in your own style that would be your art
I think your jobs are safe, because I just spent an hour trying to use this thing and got some terrible and sad results.
Is this stuff free to access?
As a digital painter, I'm experiencing slight panic
I'm a concept artist and illustrator working in game dev. for the past 10 years. I'm not really worried at all about this new tech. For me it's cool and maybe I'll use it for geometry reference for example (typing - 3 point perspective, blocks, street instead of blocking it out in blender;P) and then I'm gonna hand draw over it as usual. Also, as illustration goes - There is a surprise incline of interest in non-digital illustration. So again - Once it's NOT digital AI can't do sh*t.  Overall - Great tech that can streamline some processes but I hate how kids on reddit are posting "their" art even tho it's 100% AI created;P
What's the music from 6:23 ?
Hollywood: this is our only moral~>$$$
Wow
Great video and explanations / demos!
the ones who oppose AI will be replaced just as the ones who only uses AI to do their work. The only ones who will prosper in this new era are the ones who manage to mix the AI work with handwork
IMHO any image created with an AI that was trained with unlicensed images is plagiarism. As an artist, I should have the right to say that you can't use my images in training an AI to make images like them, and if I have that right, permission cannot be assumed. They should only be trained on images that are public domain, or if they've gotten license to use them foe that purpose.
To anyone fearful of the AI. Please do not be, artists will still remain, and the only ones we have to fear is businesses and capital using a valuable tool for despicable outcomes. Those who are concerned cannot see past their own fears, and I can assure you that as long as we hold our own against companies, and do not crumble to fear and doubt; that we may in time see a new Renaissance due to this amazing tool.
The final thought message is very important. This software can only do so much, but it wouldn't be where it is without the creativity of the human mind to create the original ideas. This software is just a marriage tool if the description is written. It's getting better, but still not "hands down" perfect 😏👐
bro you need to react to julien bams "Songs aus dfer Bohne Akt 3". Its an german Youtube video made by him and his crew and has absolut banger cgi and effects. It is way too much for youtube and could be netflix stuff
Man these ai are taking over everything now even art,  bruh Elon is right. I spent like 3 years learning how to draw but now there is no difference in ai or master artists what was even the point
Ok how do I get my metal gear solid profile pic?
DnD material damn good history about them 11/10
Been following AI art and this is the first time I can say with all honesty, traditional art is now a hobby.
I used to think that Art would be the last survivor when it came to machines replacing jobs. I always figured that sure, robots can build things and make programs, but it could never match the creativity of a human being. It hasn’t even been 6 years since I first had that thought. Why would companies pay real artists if they can now get a good enough result within seconds from a program? I’m going to be out of work before I even enter the work force
This could absolutely be hooked up to AI dungeon to make a fully illustrated AI adventure. Absolutely wild.
While AI art is a really cool thing and a major technical feat, unfortunately it harms the very people it aggregates data off of. Greg Rutkowski never consented to his art being used to help train an AI. CorridorCrew havent done their due diligence to explain the harm that could and already is happening to artists. Although we don't know for certain how this tech will be used in industry, i think we can all agree that suits would rather play with bits and knobs than ever pay a single artist if they could.
“Is this a children’s book” 😂😂😂😂
WE NEED MORE OF THESE STORIES BY NIKO USING THIS A.I!!
i was just playing AI Dungeon last night and the kingdom Lairon was the centerpiece lmao
No Wren...
If they would make a red dead redemption movie they had to hire Sam to be Bill😂
I think that even though this can be used to copy the styles of artists, I at least prefer something made by the artist themselves. In a way this feels like "cheating" to me because it seems so easy to just get something good yourself, but I think it could also be a great way for artists to be inspired or to visualize a concept they aren't sure about. Also like others have said, this wouldn't be anything without the artists supplying the library for the AI to analyze. I do think this would be amazing for board games or backgrounds though. Honestly as someone who wants to get into making art like this, I think it would be fun to generate an image of a certain style and then try to recreate it by hand or build off of it to make something even more elaborate.
Wait Wren is not in the story?
Yawn... The most monotonous narrator that i have i heard in my life
Could I wear Sam for Halloween? I’m gonna need a costume and he’s just got such a look
I think this mostly takes away realistic art/ concept art more than stylized art like cartoons so I think artist are still safe but DND artist probably not going to survive unless the scene is so specific that the ai could not get it and editing mistakes like hands
Heres a twist: they decide to reboot terminator (3rd times a charm) using this ai and they unintentionally create a real skynet and start judgement day. Real life imitates art!
This is amazing technology, and you are using it with ease, just incredible!
It's so useful beyond art and the art alone is huge without being able to afford concept artists, etc
Technically it's insane. Morally too. I mean, was any artist ever asked if they wanted their artwork to be processed by a machine that would then copy their style? It's crazy.
“What are you doing beyond that to make it your art” is probably the most impactful statement of this video. Thank you Nikko for bringing this up, because it is crazy how AI is making these amazing images, but like you said, at the end of the day it’s just pulling up images from a data base of existing images and not creating something from nothing.
We All Know That's Sam's Strong Hand...
Wow. Just wow. I shudder to think how much I'd have to upgrade my PC to play in this space.
I am very VERY confused on how to create a concept model I can't really find an easy solution about that
I can't help that between your celebrity status and the magic of what you do all day I still feel like this might still be a bit of a shellgame...I mean, Sam's appeared in hundreds if not thousands of videos now.  I think it'd be more impressive to demonstrate using some random person off the street with the least online presence.
This must be terrifying for anyone working in creative industries right now, particularly illustration.  Music will be next….
i wonder how long it will be for an ai that can make a 3d model from a text prompt totally textures and ready to use
I love this tech. So many people that are creative but don't have the skill that is art will be able to make their visions come to life.
Omg so insane…
This is probably the most impressive I've seen so far. Many of those images look like, someone worked hours or even days on each pic.
I think artists don't have to be afraid that much about AI. We as humans will always admire, respect, and adore the amazing talent of human artists. The value of art piece comes from this admiration thus the AI-generated images can be beautiful but will never worth that much for us as human artworks.
What happened to Steve?
This is awesome, please make a tutorial
AI is really becoming humanlike the way it is unable to draw hands
Carpenter Brut!!!
I really appreciate your results and it's also really funny, but you used to explain more. Obviously, this is the SUPER Stable diffusion 2.0 WebUI. I would like to see more videos about the background and usage again instead of just presenting the results.
That's hilarious, even AI struggles to draw hands, maybe we aren't so different after all.
Dude... this is wild! Impressive beyond belief. Terrifying and exciting
Absolutely hilarious watching the panic in the comments thinking this is actually going to end artist work LOL
those cpt. price samgorskis we're really good
There’s definitely going to be laws and regulations put onto this stuff, probably sooner than later. I’m a voice actor, and the prospect of AI generated voice is another worrying thing. Why would they take a chance with new talent when they can have an AI perfectly recreate Morgan Freeman or someone else? The answer is because of the union. I know artists have one though I don’t know what it’s called, but for actors, it’s SAG-AFTRA. The unions won’t stand for allowing AI to take positions away from real people, however it does only apply to union jobs. The issue is that the majority of work is non-union.
Big Greg Rutkowski climbing the ladders of success once again....proud
I hope this isn't going to fuck over artists in the future....................................spoiler it will
AI is great at meshing assets. It doesn't create the original styles or assets on its own. It also doesn't understand what the context for the images it is creating often should be. Dream booth is an interesting step forward, but as they explain here, the twin issues are reference data and training. But then you still have to direct the AI into a useful channel.
Metal Gear Solid samgorski is fcking AWESOME!!!
Midjourney already has this
It's a sausage fest ✋🤓
Fantastic video, Nico! And a great Jerry's final thought at the end. I was scrolling through the interweb a few days ago and stumbled onto an image that I have to say... looks like an older version of Nico. To the point where I tried to find evidence that Nico may actually be immortal or perhaps a time traveler. Please check out a famous Romanian physicist by the name of Hermann Obert, and tell me that is not Nico!!! This got me wondering about AI. Is it possible to track down a person's ancestry using AI software based on the features of their descendants? This would be an incredible tool for locating long-lost families... Thoughts?
this is so cool but so scary, soon we'll have A.I. movies!
It´s not even a problem of art. This goes far beyond. This actually mean, everything we see, which is on a screen is to a 100%  not believable at all.  Only the real world will matter.
This will not kill artists, just deeply transform their job
I'm kind of on the fence with this one. The AI is literally plagiarizing art by using all the images that the developer has fed to the AI and generates a new image based on the prompt. An image that is essentially an art piece by someone who worked hard on it is going to be used by the AI and technically copy parts of the image and use it to generate a new image just because the user typed in the prompt the name of the artist.  You can argue that it still depends on the intentions of the user whether or not it is considered plagiarizing but my main issue is that the artists might not even know that their art is being used by this AI program.
Bruh, we artist are already forever unemployed this just puts salt on the wound
the message of niko at last of this video is imperative to credit the original hardworking artist who is doing this professionally for most of their lives  if you're using their style to generate and please avoid taking direct input-output results into your own benefits do something creative with it.
I think this is great. It allows those who never had to skill or ability to express themselves in new ways. But I do see this flip side of how this could be abused solely for profit.
This is kind of terrifying, now anyone can create fake images of anyone and use them in malicious ways, like generating fake images of politicians doing horrible things and presenting them as true
I would say whenever you use someone’s name in your sentence, you should give them credit
How can I get my hands on this kind of AI, I have so many ideas
Thank you so much for that message at the end. I hate the trend of people using these fantastic technologies for a quick video acting as if they wrote the software.
catfishing is gonna be on a different level with this
how long did these renders take? also didn't see Wren
Imagine how fast manga could be produced
I’m literally 5 minutes into the video and already fearing for my future job as an animator 💀 I’m in my first month of animation school right now and I’d be lying if I said I don’t feel increasingly obsolete every passing day with how advanced these computers are getting
Porn is finna get wild bro
When it comes to the moral question, It gets very confusing. You can get the model to reproduce styles it's never seen before. That means the style must have existed within the model before the person came up with it. So, how can anybody claim copyright over something already within the model.   The same principle can be applied to anything that was used to train the model. If you can remove any one person's work from the training data and still have it reproduce their style, then can they really own it? If anything recent developments show that just like in maths nothing is created it's just discovered.   I think copyright is essentially dead, but it's not the end of the world. Math has never had copyright yet we still have mathematicians, and they are normally paid better than artists ;-)
Love story..would pay to see that show film or movie
This is fucking amazing this gotta be an app now 🙏🏾😂
Wow!!
As a traditional artist, this very much scares me.
17:52 Niko's thoughts on the moral implications at the very end are very important to consider with the power of these AI applications.
one of the sickest things i've seen so far
I’m ready to take these tools and generate the next best outcomes with them. This was beautiful, i ❤️ it!
Using this technology to make some dnd character arts would be super cool
He didn't even say the coolest benefit of Capital One Shopping, which is the cash back as gift cards. I use it to get a little bit back when buying stuff I was going to buy anyways for my business, since it stacks with whatever rewards cards I'm using.
The holodeck is near.
You can ad real Persons and Faces in Dall-e now too.
So your telling me my D&D games are about to get a lot more... real.
You took sponsorship from Capital One?  What, you couldn't get one from Raytheon or the Taliban?
I’ve been playing around with AI a lot, and this just blows my mind. I love it!
I’ve always liked this channel. But this is the first time I’m inspired to try this myself. I think about how cool this would be to do stories like this for my nieces and nephews for birthdays or Christmas and making their parents and grandparents the heroes of their stories.
Is no one gonna talk about how freaking cool Niko's story was? I mean I wanna see that made into Son of A Dungeon Season 3.
well now you have to make a live action short of this!
How do I teach it how I look? I'm not as tech savy as others and I don't feel it was properly explained and I would like to try this. If anyone can help that would be helpful
I really appreciate the comment at the end about the ethics behind it. This really is a new frontier, and one that will require a delicate touch to do it well  The next thought I had is, great now I can take photos of my friends and make them DnD characters, and how awesome that would be! On the other hand, there's the time honored tradition of commissioning an artist to do that work.  Perhaps if I use the AI, I'd still want to commission an artist, or perhaps donate to an art collective. Just some thoughts
This really shows why we need to end capitalism and move on to the society where we do fulfilling work rather than "earn a living" when we could easily feed, house, educate and just set an example for the population, while the economy *actually* grows and not just the GDP for the top 1%
Even ai struggling with hands
For people who are still at the beginners level when it comes to art, I'm conflicted about it. On one side you have an amazing tool that anyone can use to make amazing arts. On the other hand, this tool pretty much removes the need for artists, people who devoted a lot of time improving their skills.  As someone who is trying my best in art I'm afraid that this activity that I enjoy doing and have a passion for will end up being useless since now everyone can just type a few words to create amazing art pieces that even surpasses professional artists without sacrificing the huge amount of time needed to create an art work for a normal artist. Overall, I really hope this won't replace real artists. Art is really something that I'm passionate about and I don't want my dream of one day being able to do something I truly enjoy for a living get absolutely destroyed because of AI.
Is this bait
I hate this
But, with all, it still took a creative, talented human to tell the story. It would be interesting to see what the output of an AI storyteller would be.
can't wait for this to be an app :D
Shit how to I get ahold of this !? I need a picture of me as snake
this could be used to  make motion comics  ..
Who needs artistic talent??
Imagine using this for storyboarding. This tech scares me for real but can't deny it is freaking cool.
Genuinely worried that the art industry, one that’s already petty cutthroat, is gonna get even more difficult to break into with this technology
yes just yes
Anyone else notice Batman Sam had three bat ears 🤣
I remember Puget systems... I once tried to make the most expensive computer with them... Got it to about $26,000 If I remember correctly. XD
Now we need to pair it with a speech to text tool for live image generation. A GM can generate any picture at any time even when doing improv.
11:23 he used noom
The art is the work of the AI, not the person who input the description. That's the same as going to your artist friend and asking them to create a picture of you in the style of Disney. It's an homage to the at style but not art by Disney himself. It's also not your art just because you commissioned it. It belongs to the one who created the work. In this case, the AI is the artist.
I imagine there is going to be AI used in many other genres too. Think writing a story about your walk home in the style of Hemingway. A song about trampolines influenced by daft punk. This is tremendously fascinating. What are some other creative areas that you see AI influencing?
The problem with A.I art is the access to tons of artists copyrighted work with zero credit or option for opt in. Without natural artists the a.I can’t create. So it stands to gain everything from artists and does nothing for the artist and their work it has access too. It’s incredibly unethical. I get the exciting new toy but the developers of these a.I have expressed their degrading views on artists as tools, while they steal an profit. Artist’s hard works should be left out of the learning.
What ended up happening to that plant buying video from a few months ago? You said you were hiring and put out an editing test.
Well shit, I'm out of a job in a few years.
plagiarism is gonna be a hot topic if people use this ai and not recognise the original data use to generate the art
WOW! these ai artworks are genuinly terrifyingly good for what it can do....
Great ending warning to be careful about ownership and art theft. It's something that seems to be rather absent when discussing AI art so I'm glad you guys are bringing it up.
Little suggestion, a possible new art medium were you upload your personal art pieces into the AI and use that to play around with prompting the AI to create in your style
Attribution and acknowledgement is a big part of using these tools. It is absolutely NOT the full answer, but it's a start. In this case Niko could attribute the artist. With other examples going around in recent months, it's not always easy. You may not recognize whose art is being used as the baseline.
I will never forgive samgorski for saying "Commander" Price
Can you do an "uncanny valley" challenge. Who makes it most uncanny? :)
As someone who has done professional concept art, this shit scares the crap out of me. But it can also be a nice tool to generate loads of ideas in my own style so i can speed up the work, and focus on the painting and composition.
This is going to usher in a whole new level of catfishing 🙃
The futurists who pushed the development of AI and robots to replace humans for mundane tasks in pursuit of a post-Scarcity world did so with the vision it would free humans to follow their passions such as art, music, writing; things the futurists could not envision AI achieving. We are, by our own hands, creating world where humans will no longer be necessary.
I have so many stories untold but finally I can tell them with these art.
Jordan's horse at 13:05 looks like he's been training with it since it was just a young anteater.
Where is my boy wren
Niko never ceases to Impress! Awesome work!
Well there goes my future. What is the point of artists anymore
I don't think this is the death of VFX, anymore than photography was the death of drawing or escalators were the death of hiking.
personally I thing we should look at the training data, using other people art for training the AI with research purposes, is all fine and good, but should be the use of art for AI training be protected under copyright?, after all, the AI can only work with this training data  As an artist when you use a reference, is different to how these AI works, there is a process of observation and understanding that is in nature different, is at it's root one learning then applying what has been learnt, by result the product of the artist is always it's own, even if emulating other person style, same can not be said of stable diffusion, as such should probably follow rules given the training data copyright  this also means a artist could train an AI with it's own work and some CC0 training data  this also makes a quote form the matrix quite good "I say your civilization because as soon as we started thinking for you it really became our civilization"
Art is dead, and we have killed it. Now what will rise from the ashes?
Oh.. wow. I really wish to get my hands on this thing.. I can't stop thinking about it. This thing could create any character for animation, games, comic books etc.. I'm sure artists are gonna use it to make references even in the big industries.
Disney out here signing away contracts of peoples likeliness easy money then even easier money when you check out what Disney research is doing. RIP to all those voice actors voices all those bloopers, all that IP recorded in 4K, Disney Record labels as a dataset. It is not a bad day to be a Zuckerburg, Tim Sweeny, Tim Cook or a Jensen or TSMC these guys are going to Rape. The one who can make the content fastest wins.
Clearly we need to hook up a neural net to Akinator and cross-pollinate the user feedback. Users feed Akinator new characters with names and images, other users confirm that those characters are accurate by playing the question game, all as it is today - Then the neural net accesses that name and the provided image and can use that to learn more about what that character looks like (and perhaps learn new traits based on the answers the players gave to determine which character it was in the first place). Then you can even feed that back and make Akinator provide its guesses with AI-generated images, and ask the players to rate how accurate those images are to the character they were looking for to confirm good results and weed out bad ones.
That’s awesome tbh
I personally think, that this Ai generator is VERY bad. It's fun now but in the future, sooner or later will become a problem. I don't like this at all for the artist/creatives community. - My 2 cents
If only I had a set up to do this I'd go ham and never leave my room hahaha
Welp, this is both terrifying and awe inspiring at the same time. I'd say I can't wait to see where it goes but at this rate it's not looking like I'll be needing to wait much longer haha
Did you guys hear from the A.I.-Generated Picture which won an art prize. Artists aren’t happy. But the image is amazing @Corridor
After having seen a lot of Ai generated art i am starting to think there is a certain ai look to it. I’m not sure what it is exactly but i have experienced multiple times that i saw a piece of art on Instagram and thought to myself “Hey that looks kinda ai generated”. And so far i have been right 100% of the time. I wonder if it’s a sign of ais limitation or if it’s just a matter of time
all this ai in every field and marvel vfx artists and japanese animation artists are still overworked
With this... I'll never have to draw backgrounds again! lmao
Curious how well the system can generate everyone as a titan from attack on titan
Ai is actually terrifying to me as an artist
can you please release a video explaining how to do this?
Well... Glad I'm planning on being an animator, no way AI can make a short clip right?
I'm feeling very sorry for Greg Rutkowski.
The easy answer is that you generated the art, you didn't make it. The AI made it. You own it but you didn't make it.
Yeah, better give up on my illustrator career before it's too late
So instead of paying an artist for a commission. You can just ask a AI to almost perfectly copy their style. Doesn't feel really ethical lol.
You should make a video showing what hardware and software you all have in the studio!
after all , why shouldn't I use A.I its my precious
Great! Now it's time to do the movie. Do It! Don't sleep on it you cowards!!!!!
With tech like this, I no longer question why the dems say what they are wearing in videos of them. While this is very cool, it could be extremely dangerous.
I'm unfortunately too dumb to figure out how to download and setup this program.. someone help
bye bye Concept Artists...  I really have my problems with that tech in this regards. Do you  really think the neural network, machine learning algorythm, A.I. ...whatever you wanna call it, get's "inspired" ?  It's "harvesting" that's my term for it. Harvesting the fruits of talented people who put all their live  and passion into their paintings and putting it up on Artstation, Instagramm, Facebook.
Since the program was trained on that guy’s art, I would argue he has some rights to the results created with it. Just like if I took someone’s photo and put it through an Instagram filter it would still be hehe original owner’s photo
I just realized Christian got Mixed with Jason Momoa
as an artist this freaks me out! but i gotta admit all these images are so badass 🔥
I need to learn this technology, I've legitimately dreamed about making audio books with visuals, and this is- I'm literally speechless...
Pirate christian was so badass, this AI stuff is awesome!
I’ve used apps like mid journey and all I can say to fellow artist is instead of fearing for the future learn to use AI tools to your own advantage, don’t compete with them learn them and be the best at using them. artistic knowledge is still needed to make good AI art if you look at the forums and discords of people making AI art they’re not artist clearly and their work still sucks even when they have all the styles at hand.  you still need to be a good artist to make good AI art, you still need to be good at storytelling like in this video here to make a cool storyboard with a great style and colour palette so treat a I like a companian not like competition.
I cant shake the thought that the Kind got away with it
Steveeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!! So sick to see Steve featured again!!!
This was absolutely incredible
This is frightening!!!
i went looking into sam's twitter acount and he's actually using the pic in his profile!
Me patiently waiting for the first fully AI generated Hollywood movie to come out  AI generated script, score, visuals, and cast. Imagine that, all the film industry jobs would just be typing in prompts and watching films to pick out the ones with potential before they get sent off to be cut down.
As cool as this technology is, it sort of frustrates me because it just shows programmers are just trying to replace every member or the human race 😂
You guys know which song it was during mgs ?
I wouldn't be too scared about illustrators losing jobs. If you want a consistent style and characters you need to use a specific artist and person for the likeness, which sounds like a lawsuit if you want to do that commercially without their agreement. And people figure out pretty fast how to identify AI art. They get hands wrong very consistently and if you look at the shapes that aren't in the focus you can see the forms being very muddled up. Established artists probably won't be affected, but it might affect the people who are paying their rent with more inconsistent commissions.
You can embrace this technology and build in attribution or just shoot past that and dominate to create UBI. Or the evil path of just sucking up all industry and maintaining the same system where now merit literally doesn't matter
INSANITY  🫠😲🤯
The argument I saw for someone who used AI art for their book cover: it allows people who would have pirated an image or can’t afford a pro artist to have something cheaper. Of course, all the artists lambasted the poster. A lot of statements about stifling the mid-tier artists who benefit from small gigs like this.  It’s factory-made versus handmade. Ethics aside, this is only going to grow, and the depressing future is having to market yourself as a “human artist” where being handmade is the selling point.
Is this real😨😨
0:08 the laptop aint blured lol
Actually. Seeing those prompts come to live, i want to draw them. there's just something in drawing/working using you own hands and see the final product.
heres the thing about copying and imagination... its been prooven that our brain cannot create stuff... imagination is not something we can create out of tin air. thats why when you look at clouds and splatters you see things you already know about. like a cat, a crocodile or a buttefly...  what we call creation is the taking of two things or more and putting them together. that's what we do really... so at what point in history, not just us today, but in history... at what point can we really say its our work ? even artists that are great people today have been creating their art based on someone else, that someone who taught them how to draw.  yes they eventually designed their own art style by mixing and matching other art styles... but at which point can we say its original entirely ? just looking at our history... we can easily find source of origins going way back to our styles...   Originality is something that was lost thousands of years ago... creativity is still going strong, for the reason we have creativity, is simply us combining many things together. these AI are the proof of that, we just taught them to do it that way. because we do it that way. so to the artist who copyright their stuff... i ask... at which point do you want to stop others making money for the sake of protecting your stolen ideas ? because let's be real... all of your arts comes from somewhere that was already done before. 8 billions of people in the world... you are bound not to be the only one having thought of mixing those things and making a picture. not when you consider there isn't billions of art style that exists...   all of this is why we tell people in D&D to stop trying to create that original story, because they may be passing years developping it only to have 1 player say... its that or this... we simply tell them, go for classics, take your favorite movies and play them out. change a few things, change the world... but stop trying to be original , cause originality isn't something we can do. to me its simple... stop trying to be known by history, out of 8 billion people there is only a handful of people that will make history... and even there history will forget about them. nobody survives time.  i like imagination and the fact we can create stuff by combining other stuff...  but let's be honest.... we're not inventing anything... we're just copying mother nature !
This was such a cool idea
Going to be a situation where companies will require a time lapse of the creation of the art in order to use it/verify there are not copywrite issues.
Human needs not apply
Man, this stuff really looks like art from a modern RPG sourcebook. It gets little things wrong that give it away, but 95% looks convincingly created by a human.
This is scary good, I'm out of a job
Wow... okay... So I'm in the middle of doing a graphic designer course and... well... what for?
What program is this I’d love it for my dnd game
Make a sci-fi story next.
That sam shinkawa art, holy shit 🤯
The only AI I'm worried about is the one that decides humans are taking away jobs from good hard-working AI. It will be the ultimate karmic irony though.
Graphic designers soon going obsolete
That was fucking cool
Thank you for talking about the moral implications at the end. As cool as this tech is, it endangers every single artist on the planet with how close it can match the artwork of other people.
well you just killed the comic artist job...and the artist who did metal gear artwork
Can someone tell me how can I do this on my normal computer ...?
everyone is scared for some jobs when we should really just unplug every electricity forever before we're in a sci fi dystopia amirite
He really turn niko into a jesus pope cause of his hair😂😂
Anyone else notice Nico's crusty keyboard and mouse? 🤮
"AI can't draw hands." My god, it's more human than we thought!
13:04 the schnoz on that horse, wow
It's all over once this technology can generate 3d models and texture, rig, animate them
I hate it :) great video but it feels like someone is just breaking my fingers off :)
Just the ideal tool to create your next Dungeons and Dragons Character. Just let machine learning analyze your appearance and you can be anything: Kobloid, Elf, Orc, Human... Etc.
This will be great for pitching movies to execs without spending the time to design artwork first
It's crazy how a couple years ago few people had even heard of the technology but now it is so incredibly effective already
What is the name of this AI website, program called ? I need it so bad...
Niko shud have tried himself as Jesus
We are a step beyond a great future, IA is just another tool. Now wait unitl your phone will be able to render an entire movie just by typing some sentences... 10 years from now.
Artists just need to get a real job. easy.
Increíble
It's so wild that Two Minute Papers just uploaded a video about this implementation and just ONE HOUR later Corridor uploads a hugely impressive application of that tech
Look in the case of portraits like the ones you generated in this video, I went from just sharing them to make timelapse videos of the process because people can already toon themselves with regular phone apps so I have to demonstrate I can do them and people are straight up using these apps instead of hiring me to do their portraits, part of my job went from a necessity to a commodity, I don't see a reason for this technology to not get better and just be the all encompassing solution for people in need to generate images for their projects, not all artist can make emotional museum worthy pieces of art, most artists do banners, logos, character design, backgrounds, caricatures, etc all of that is gonna go away.
I can easily see this getting rid of traditional concept art, especially for settings where there's plenty of training data. However, what would be even more interesting is using this AI trained on a few stills from a scene and adding vfx as in "and then the candle magically lit itself and set the book on fire" or "a bullet flies past his head and hits the painting in the back" etc. But as said, those things are copy machines that can mix and match stuff, but the creative part of inventing a new style will always be out of reach.
my mind=blown.
The last  moralistic words of Niko ring completely hollow in the face of what this might very well do to tens if not hundreds of thousands of people almost over night. From stealing styles, destroying jobs, to a lot of peoples way of catharsis and purpose while being able to support themselves. This is not gonna be used "morally" or whatever that is supposed to mean. The way it ripped Yoji Shinkawa made my heart drop. If he saw this tech back when he was trying to become an artists we probably wouldn't even have his style to rip off in the first place.   Some people say that artists need to adapt but there is nothing to adapt towards. The jobs that you otherwise might adapt to will be gone very soon after that. "But now people can become Art Directors since they don't have to do the hard labor of creating"... The masses of artists can't suddenly all become art directors because you only need one or maybe two on a team leaving everyone else completely shafted and  to the "it's just a tool"-argument, yes artists might be able to create images faster but the sheer influx of images will drive their day rates right into the grounds. It's going to be a race to the bottom. As I said,  there is nothing to adapt towards. At least I can't see it. The comparison that people make like switching from traditional painting to photoshop doesn't hold up either.    AI is not "just another tool" it might makes the act of visually creating in any way shape or form imaginable complete and utterly obsolete. I really really want to be proven wrong on this.
This is amazing OMG 🔥🔥🔥🔥🤙🏻
God i love these vids of theirs, where they use tech for super cool things
AI art generators are a tool for parasites, keep funding human creativity, or they AI will hav enothing to pull from, cause we´ll be absolutely empty in a few generations if we continue down this path.
Every one exciting about AI, some people say it is just a Tool, 😂 , if everyone uses AI , obviously there won't be any respect for the content, any kind of common people can create art, . There won't be any demand, how sad it is artists are holding key boards thinking about what prompt to use, instead of using any art medium,   Real art is spiritual journey, i miss those days where I was holding my brush mixing colours , painting on my sketch, spending my whole day to finish my art, Nothing can bring that joy, 😭😌😑 , I miss my childhood,
Thanks for your message at the end. I think as long as people acknowledge the tools they use it's all fair game. AI generated is just another tool in the toolbelt of creation. There will always, always be a place for all artists and kinds of art. This just opens up more avenues. I'll love to see what people make out of this.
Landlord Steve!!  We've missed him.
Ive been playing around with similar generators for the last few weeks. Some of the images are astonishing.  If i was an artist I would definitely be concerned  Also Nvidias new generator is astonishing. Just wait until this tech advances a few years and merges seamlessly with unity etc
It's obvious that a cooperation would choose to use this technology vs paying an artist to come up with a unique image. So much more control for them. It looks like artists still can't catch a break.
The ability to add data to an AI set isn’t impossible, in fact with Midjourney you can use images as references for the AI and you can weight them in the amount of creativity or strictness the AI uses.
can we get more of these lol
Just so you know, if your AI face has messed up eyes - Photoshop;s AI can fix them.
So, with this, Son of a Dungeon season 3 is out next week, right?
This will do wonders for story boarding until it learns to do full on animations then who knows what will happen
ok i didn’t expect this ai to be this fucking impressive
Plot Twist: this is how they made the script for Son of a Dungeon
Very cool video.
This is oddly dystopian
I think this is one more tool for the artist. As it was in its first moment the digital drawing, criticized for being "easier" than the traditional one and here we contemplate an AI that summarizes all that theory in a few seconds. It must be understood that AI is not the end of our work, it is the tool that will help us maximize quality in less time. AIs don't work on their own and don't generate good content without good instruction. As artists we must adapt and grow, not worry about perishing in the face of this technology.
Can I see sam as a transformer?  Nvm they already did it
We need more Landlord Steve content!!!
Holy fuck these look so good
Wonderful ❤️! Incredibly wonderful 👍. Good job guys, you mage me laugh and cry.
fat man cant believe you never said it
I want a book of this...
This time next year…   the AI Artwork will be INSANE, like only a few months ago we had terrible looking images and NOW THIS! 😳
I'm tryna figure out how to use this thing. How do I add my own pictures
5:25 in need of this Kratos as a playable character.
They had to edit the results there's no way they pop up that fast
RIP
Hands and eyes  still a porblem it seems, but other than that .. wow .... xD
This is existentially depressing.
"Hey can you draw me as a sith lord?" "What, you want money for it? Pft, it's just one click dude"
This was super neat.
Even IA struggle to draw hands 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Why wasn't Wren in the final story part?
Man you guys are endlessly creative!
This is the saddest day for artists. Now anyone without any talent can do this. This is the beginning of the end and I hate it.
Someone has to say it, cause we’re all thinking of it. This technology can and will be used to create nsfw art of non-consenting people just off of their pictures online, and it’s gonna get some massive controversy from it. Honestly, as a fan of all forms of storytelling, from anime to books to video games, I hope that this technology is able to be used properly for stuff like this. However, we’ll see if modern humans can handle this power
You should look into the new music video from Die Antwoord, they made it out of computer generated imagines.
If industry artists are really so concerned about their jobs, they need to nut up and unionize and actively fight companies replacing them instead of just rolling over. Don't just say art is dead ffs, why do you do what you do in the first place?
I’m a web developer and I thought site builders like Square Space would take away my job. It hasn’t happened yet. When it comes to professional work, clients want full control and the ability to make small alterations. I wouldn’t be worried.
If your an artist and your afraid of this, you probably should be a bit, but you should also look into it and see how you can utilize it to help you or improve your work flow in anyway
The example they showed for the "inspiration" though. The bike slide
I've just left University wanting to join the games industry as a concept artist, this AI art craze has sent me into several panic attacks in the last several months. I'm worried that I am no longer going to be able to get a job in anything art related, be that working in a studio or taking commissions. Why would anyone hire a junior that they have to pay a salary to when they can just get AI to generate what they want in span of a few minutes? And even if I do get a job I have this ugly fear that in a year or 2 I am gonna be let go from my job because the AI can do what I can do quicker. At the beginning of this year I was in a mentally place, probably the best I had been in a long time, now I'm not so good.
Insane software
the results were so good, it's insane. I hope there's a public version that's accessible/affordable
could you change every frame of a movie by making ai turn what it see's on screen to a consistent metal gear dressing for instance but everyone was wearing jeans and a t shirt?
This is pretty bonkers
Ok. I'm impressed and happy. No time to waste imagining stuff. You have so much material so get the juices flowing
Freelance illustrator/concept artist here, and im legit terrified my 30+ years of pretty single minded pursuit is on the cusp of irrelevance.   I've been VERY slow to utilize digital with my work(got my first tablet 3 years ago), so there's that too. And this vid strikes a chord BC a ton of my work is portrait/caricature centered.   I remember seeing those photo booth type things at chuck e cheeses that made the images look drawn. But it was novel BC they had that cheap, artificial feel. My biggest prob w what I've seen with this AI generated art.....is its fukn GREAT!    Funny and sad to me that as long as our tech effected industries that I had no part in, I had no problem with automation taking jobs......   I know there will always be a need for ppl in my position, some will always prefer a "human touch" to their art. But this will eliminate the majority of my business as most don't really care about that. Faster and cheaper pls.   No joke, im worried for real for the first time in my life that its all been for nothing.   But thanks for the vid!
13:04 that horse tho...
I mean, make a oneshot comic book. It'll be cool.
this is te death of genuine fanartists
You cannot imagine how happy it makes me feel the get a Two Minutes Paper episode and a Corridor Crew episode about the same AI released on the same day.  What a time to be alive!
no a problem... just like a big feature to abuse... 🤷
I'm just glad it cant do nsfw, or I'm out of a job. Half my commissions sound like ai prompts.
This is why I stop pursuing art as a career.  The need for a real human artist will be a niche market, unless you're unique and a cream of the crop artist with a huge following, ain't no one paying you.  Kind of like what happened to portrait artists after the invention of the photograph.  Art is still fun as a hoppy though, a good way to express your thoughts.
Fuck this is even better than Dall.E
Fr where can I find this ai?
I miss Jake in the studio.
Can you guys please do a collab with JAZZA!!!!
Ok... but for real though. That can't be all AI Generated right? Like some of that HAD to be commission work.. there is like no freaking way dude holy crap. O.O
Here’s my prediction for what it’s worth.  There will be a massive surge of this AI-generated art, but it will start to overwhelm (or at least be a significant proportion compared to) the human-generated art online. Then the AI that scans the internet for images will start to suffer from a feedback effect.  There will be three responses to this which will play out in parallel.   First, the AI generators will start to tag their art with metadata, probably identifying the software+version and the prompt used. The details don’t matter. There will be a tag in the art which will allow the image readers to exclude this art from the input, or at least to import it knowing that it was generated by AI.  Second, the studios will change what the use their concept artists for. At the moment the concept artists are given the equivalent of prompts. What you will see are artists being used to create privately held collections of art in various tagged styles. Then, when a studio wants something they can create a prompt and their instance of the software will have access to a vast private collection of labelled art to produce the required concept art, in the style the studio prefers (because that was the input) and free of any copyright claims.  Third, prompt writing will become a recognized skill in the industry. I predict that by the time this software is two years old, HR departments will be requiring five years experience of prompt writing.
And my dad always says that when AI is here, people will persue art. 🥲
As a digital painter, I hate this so much but as 3d artists I still hate it.
This tech is amazing and revolutionary. But never forget that in order to get a AI DaVinci style paintig there had to have been DaVinci. Artists and DaVincis of the world; Rise!
Buenísimo
By 2029 all of humanity will be extinct and replaced by AI and by 2050 the earth will no longer exist.
We have death pf movies because too much focusing on VFX...
I studied for years to make proper art, hoping to create a job from it. I got recommended this video. Now I'm practicing my customer service voice.
🔥
As a learning artist studying form composition shape perspective and all that good stuff as well as 2D and 3D software the future of this technology is actually kinda scary, people will always be creative in whatever form they choose for their own pleasure but from a work production pipeline perspective when does this become a moot point to study art anymore? how long before we just rely on software to generate any image we could ever want in seconds, it's very very interesting to see this kind of stuff but also very worrying for an artist like me.  My biggest fear with this is you create a piece you're proud of and people don't believe you that you actually did it and say you just used AI instead.
bro..... this changes everything 🤯🤯🤯🤯
As a digital artist I like composting things in photoshop to create new images using photography and stock photos. Whats great about stable diffusion is using the same or similar prompt with different seeds to get similar results, extracting what I like and then creating new compositions with those results.   Curious, are generating images in a google collab notebook or is there a stable diffusion UI that you have downloaded? I imagine one that lets you do inpainting. I still havent figured img2img or inpainting yet
Rip to all the mid-tier PCs that will be going through hell and back to create someone's MGS profile pick.
Why don't we ever see Steve anymore? is he okay?
Soon it wont just be an image it will be full on in movies but with who ever you want in the role
This is just INSANE
The moral implications here are really sketchy to me. Like sure there’s corporations basically using this to get away with functionally stealing work from artists, but this also oddly rips away the consent of the artist.   Think about it like this, with this tech you can functionally create whatever you want with anyones style. To an extent with this AI (and those that come later) that means you can get a piece of art from an artist (or from that artist’s art) that the artist might not want to ever make. This could be as simple as having someone’s character in their style doing something the artist would want that character doing, but it could be as malicious as actively create hate speech art in the style of an artist. Sure this kind of stuff happens now with people just making art in someone’s style, but that both requires a level of craft and dedication to that design to have happen. With AI it’s easily made, and (especially when it gets better) people won’t be able to identify the difference.
Yeah… this was really impressive but deeply unsettling. I’m glad you touched in it at the end. The results you were able to get are nearly indistinguishable from the art that is carefully crafted by the hands of artists, and that is a huge threat for the livelihood and careers of artists everywhere. I get that design is something that will be harder for AI to replace, but if you already had some designs, what’s stopping studios from completely replacing their concept/lookdev/storyboard artists with this infinitely alterable algorithm? This technology needs some kind of regulation at the least, and I feel like the artists that it uses to train it’s models should get royalties or something. This could very well be the death of certain art jobs and that’s very upsetting.   I saw a video yesterday that likened it to the industrial production of lace. It went from an art form that took skilled craftspeople to create to something that a machine can make incredibly fast and at very high quality standard with minima human guidance. So, then nobody bought handmade lace anymore unless they were buying it specifically because it was handmade. I don’t want that to happen to art. I don’t want human art to become something that only collectors value. Art as a career is quickly becoming endangered.
Really hope the inventors of this type of technology learn what ethics are and kill this before it truly gets out if hand.
Breaking news: AI learns to make short animations out of sentences
This is amazing, we truly are in the future
This is amazing, yet scary at the same time.
Loved the tale !
In Sword Art Online, they made the worlds, monsters, and npcs all based on theoretical AIs that generated it all from scratch.   This may be the first step to making literal worlds in an instant that only our dreams could imagine... I cannot wait.
Ok, tried to follow the guide but, ran into problems with it. Just can't get it to work
A huge issue is even for aspects where a human artist finds a way to be unique from the AI art generators, eventually samples of that unique art (style) will still be added to the AI library.  What's interesting is that I can see a point where some visual artists actually become linguists/word smiths, and are hired for how they build queries/prompts, a role we're already seeing develop as AI art generators reach larger audiences.  Side note, Greg Rutkowski has recently been asked about his works being used in these sample sets, and there is even a growing number of artists trying to organize for change in how their art is included (or excluded) from these data sets.  It's going to be a legal mess for some time, but like almost any tech, once it's built, it's only a matter of time before it's everywhere.
I really think we have to change how we think about art. We have to see more than skill or aesthetics, see that the subjective experience of creating a piece of art has value, that the technical failures of the artist have value. AI is a cool toy, it can be fun or even inspire, but it shouldn't and can't replace the human experience of creating. This aspect, the struggle and joy of creativity, is currently undervalued, we're to focussed on the result, see it as a commodity to be cunsumed and miss why it's important, why we should still do it ourself, because not doing so would mean giving up an essential part of our culture and humanity.
This'll definitely kill art jobs on a corporate level. High end companies will do anything to save money, even current day artists get the short end of the stick already. Artists will still have that human touch individually or in pure artistic projects.
10:27 just a question is this sound effect from the chainsawman trailer? or is it just some generic suspense sound effect?
Niko: "Sam, I'm going to put you into the computer."  Sam: "Okay..."  Sam's mind: "I want him in the games until he dies playing."
When Steve the landlord showed up I lost my mind!!!!! 😂😂😂
It's an easier way of creating studf, so people will use it. Repercussion of AI art is unknown. I think about all the people who wants to draw like someone, their dream and hard work is kind a obsolete now. Also think about creating clay and other types of dishes, in past many more people have to learn the skill of creating dishes. Now it's small percentage of population. In the future there will be much lesser artist, more AI artists.  Also your image (way cooler than in rl) in ads with new products, for you to buy…
It's cool. But I fear for my future career as an artist. Perhaps, there are some things that should be limited, maybe progress isn't always progress.
When people said AI is gonna take over the world, I thought Skynet, not AI art
A.I. is going to greatly up the animation game for everyone across-the-board. It will definitely eventually put some digital artists out of work eventually but until then it will make their lives much easier. As long as it is never able to gain full self awareness and go full skynet on us it will be a great future.
Couldn't fit Wren into the story?
I think technology is good for art because it allows more people to create art. My animation teacher cannot draw. I asked him if he could do stop motion but he said straight ahead animation was to complicated. 3d animation made him able to animate in a way he could understand.   My problem is when technology causes artists to loose jobs. Luke when Disney switched completely to 3d
Magic
This is just insane!
I'm about to do evil things to my friends
The end of this video made me realize that AI is replicating the work of everything that it’s fed (obviously morally ambiguous), yet humans try to do exactly the same thing- just not as good. The art that we want to create is usually a composition of all the art we have previously seen/enjoyed, and we try to recreate certain aspects of other peoples art all the time. We just don’t do it perfectly. And we call that ‘Inspiration’. Yet AI is also a composition of other peoples art but it’s just too good and it does it too easily, so much so that we throw up our hands and call it unfair.
I think the only reason this is an ethical conundrum is because of capitalism and how we have to monetize art, otherwise artists simply can't survive. It's the only reason we have copyright laws to begin with. If art was just done for art's sake, which I think is the default state we all start experiencing art in, then more art, regardless of how derivative it is, would never be a problem.
This might be the video I might come back years later and say "Aw this was the beginning"
This is a ridiculously far leap from the "barely recognizable to be kind-of the thing you typed in, but still mostly random garbage" that commonly available AI image generators spit out.
I'm not scared AI can make these images. I'm scared it can make them in 5 minutes.
700th
Thanks for the info how to try this all out on our own. Love the content as always
Remember me !
I was wondering what happened with Steve the Landlord cause I didn't see him  anymore in the video
See, while this is AMAZING and incredibly well programmed… people voiced the same concerns regarding machines replacing humans in physical labor. Which mostly happened. Not in every way, but it did severely limit the need for humans in a lot of jobs. This could potentially do the same thing for humans.  I’m not the best artist, but I enjoy drawing, and I’d love to be able to get good enough to do commissions, and make money off my work. Something like this… it’s fascinating and exciting, and you can totally use it as an artist to get a better idea for a background, or perspectives, and even poses.   But with how well it did with the images of Sam, even to the extent of mimicking an artist’s style… what’s the point of a new artist who wants to grow when they see this? Why would someone pay me money, and have to wait maybe weeks to get an image from me, when they can use something like this and get it in hours, minutes, or even seconds?   It has huge potential as a tool to aid artists, but people are going to see this as something to save them money and replace artists. Greed wins in this day and age, and this has potential to ruin many lives in the wrong hands.   It’s both a blessing and a curse, depending on who uses it and for what. It’s like messing with genetics: It can be used for such good, but in the wrong hands it’s gonna do nothing but cause problems.
Is it just me, or was Wren not included in the characters? 😆 man I was really waiting what his role would be, maybe like a jester with necromantic powers or something
I WISH steve would've been there to react to his Pictures.
It's terrifying to think that when we have androids they'll be able to imagine anything in 4k, just like us but not in 4k
definitely stealing the yoji shinkawa prompt
CEOs the world over can't WAIT until the day when they can use robots and AI to automate away all jobs, all artists, all everything that requires a human. Imagine the wonder, when they never have to pay a single salary ever again!  The fact that nobody will have any money to actually PAY for any of their products anymore never actually enters their minds.
Day 6 of asking Corridor Crew to redo Sonic 2 where Tails, Knuckles and Sonic are the ugly versions of themselves.
Well... Elon did warn us... Oh well... BOW DOWN TO OUR A.I. OVERLORDS! ahem... 😁
bhramastra vfx review plz...
This is awsome and I can’t wait to see where this technology go. I do have a bit of fear over some implications, however something that helps put my mind at ease with this is the technology still needs reference art to work. No one, not even machines, can replicate the style of something that does not exist. So while short term, some artist may be out of a job, long term artists will still be able to make their own style.   The true art of this technology isn’t the works that it creates, but the technology itself
Tinder profiles about to be so wild after this
AI art cool and all, but it certainly isnt good that they just sample all existing art to create a homunculus of different people’s art
Is the conception of an image part of its creation? If so, am I considered an artist because I thought of the concept and the had an A.I image generator "draw" it? This kind of questions are still very new in my opinion and we're gonna need a lot more time to answer them collectively. I believe it is still unclear when an artist is inspired by something and when they're just plain copy it. But in order to answer this we will need a more concrete system of "judging" art which can take away from the whole meaning of art.
This is definitely my favourite AI video by you guys, it was so incredible seeing people you know being added in AI generated stuff. Also love the message about what are you adding to make it your own. there's been so much discussion on twitter lately in our niche and it's always appreciated how you guys bring it to a wider audience.
The only thing that will save artists is their distinct style. And new laws to protect their style, to ban it from ai models will be needed. There will be court cases where artists allege their style was used by in an AI. And some will lose and some will win.
I'd love to feed Spiderman TAS into the AI... Just autogenerate new stories
I am so confused on how you download it
What if you could AI generate from other peoples art styles but you have to pay them to use their art style as a prompt
This needs to be a regular thing, AI stories with you guys in them
I can see them using this for son of a dungeon 😂
Love how the meme of hands being very hard to draw translates this well into AI
The thing that really worries me as a graphic designer about AI is that you can just plagarize an artists artststyle without their consent because its technically a collage. Sam and Niko we're kinda laughing about "taking the soul" but I find thats actually really accurate to what youre doing. On the other hand I think AI generated art can be a great kickoff for a piece as inspiration... Im kinda torn :/
Doesn't Dall-e 2 does this already?
Honestly mind-blowing stuff here.
for some artist commission threatened
Feels like artists are about to start losing work no? Also great call outs at the end Niko
Detroid: Become Sam
the pete cameo made me smile. Hes such a eonderfull pereon even an ai immage of him makes me smile. Not that i oersonally know him thats juts the vibe o picked up from older corridor crew videos
Sam: its just a bit photoshop yet...  Me thinking: it would take people hours to do all of this pictures so realistically...thats absolutly awsome
Guys, I'm going to finish your incomplete world record on world's largest dominoes falls. WIP Really excited to share it soon😍😍
Awesome!! 😍
Everyone is like "AI is gonna be taking our jerbs!" I have a question though. What are the two most annoying things about being a professional artist? People who scam you and people who can't make up their mind or are just bad at communicating what they want. AI art is going to fix the biggest headaches in the art biz. A good chunk of the thieves and scammers will just use AI to DIY their stuff now. And for the indecisive folks who are terriblke at communicating their ideas we can just hit them with a ton of ideas whipped up with AI. Even better the indecisive folks could do it themselves and just bring us some AI art & say, "I want THIS, but you know, GOOD." Lastly, the mainstream curiosity is going to force loads of people to be way better at their prompts because they'll get a ton of experience from spitting prompts at AI. No more rando who likes your stuff saying, "I like your style but I want this specific thing that I don't have the first clue how to describe in that style." They'll actually be able to just say, "Hey I want this exact idea, this exact pose, and I want this exact color palette in such and such style and lighting. We'll just have to adapt like we always have. AI art isn't a threat to our careers. It's just another amazing tool that will inevitably end up benefitting us more than any single group of people. Concept artists are the ones I see doing the most worrying but honestly AI art will help you guys the MOST. Imagine a world where the director, the art director, and the concept artist are all damn good at spitting prompt to AI. You're going to be able to iterate SO much faster.
17:54 turbo killer shirt 🔥
🤙
Imagine how immersed you could get in a Dungeons & Dragons game with this AI creating the characters with your likeness in the design, soooo sick
Image prompts are kinda like magic spells. People are putting a lot of time and effort into creating just the right prompts to generate the right images. It's really cool that these amazing artists are getting recognised by being included in these prompts. I wouldn't be surprised if they're seeing an increase in sales because of it.
Oh well, the images look amazing, but the story was crap. So I guess we need to wait until AI creates good stories too. Otherwise we'll keep having good looking shows/movies with mediocre writing.
The Futur Looks Grim for Humanity. But atleast its in 8k Ultra HD 2000Fps Full motion Ai Generated Pictures. May The Algorythm Bless us all! 🙏
Lol Jake looks like Little Finger from GoT! 🤣
As a chronic world-builder, I've been using Midjourney to generate landscapes, rough character portraits, etc. and it has done wonders for helping me hone in on the vibe of what I'm trying to create. A lot of people are understandably nervous about A.I. generated art and it's future implications, but I truly believe it's just going to be another useful tool for artists of all mediums. Surely there are probably going to be a few hiccups as this new form of art begins to truly make way into the zeitgeist, but i'm all for it, ESPECIALLY when you can do cool shit like this already. I'm very excited for the future of A.I. art! :D
This is one of the best pieces of media I have ever watched
If shrimp nick doesn't come back I'm unsubbed
*"Thick Batman" I Cried Sooo Hard* 😭😭
I need this.
Man, this is great. I can't wait until this type of software is more easily available and works well on any computer/phone. I'd sit and play with it all day (as I've done with other similar AI apps but none as detailed as this). Amazing.
I love Sam. "That's a deep laugh, I can hear it"
Not here to kill a mood but was kind of put off by the Christian imagery and then attributing that to "corrupting the people".
Its just another tool like anything else, rotoscoping used to take hours now with magic mask you can do it in literal seconds, i still have to do something with the mask, you can download sample packs for music production that are basically complete songs you can click together in like 5min, still have to do something with the pieces and the finished composition. Image AI is just going to raise the standard for art, thats it really. As long as you are comfortable adapting to new tools there shouldn’t be much worry.
Something I was thinking that is really scary Companies hates artist, just look how marvel treats they vxf and cgi teams, or all the bullshit warner Discovery has done to they artist. But at the end of the day, they need us. With AI they can cut off the artist. One day in the news we will se how Disney bought one of this AI, and that they will be the beginning of the end for art job.
the ai cant do everything and it can do even less by itself. to get desired results it still requires humans for a dataset (required content, style references and the likes) and an operator who knows how to use the ai to get there. it might threaten art as an industrial good due being simply good and quick but it wont threaten art as a medium.  the video showed a lot of things that require human interaction even after the act (like the touch up in sam in the water and how you mostly get close ups when using specific names). i can see the implementation of this sort of tool (thats what it is in a nutshell) lead to redefining the term 'artist' as there is a difference between 'creating art' and 'producing art' the algorithm is merely a mathmatical application of the latter which many folks do nowadays by hand - a reproduction of ideas and techniques to create a product.
Remember: these results only look decent because it's just copying the style of actual, real life artists.
It is...
omg this is amazing
I severely dislike AI art. All it does is kill creativity.
Hmm and how do these A.I.s know how to draw like that?
Where all the women at?  Sam Gorski, Disney princess  Stuff of nightmares lol
Amazing, wow that is nuts. The way its able to figure it out.  One of the prompts i want to suggest is, "on model character sheet" because that can get you some useful base ideas for designing your own thing.
Yeah I don't know how I feel about this.. The artwork is incredible absolutely, but it really seems like it eliminates the need for artists. Like, my favorite stylized artist, who I honestly think is one of the best if not the best in the business, is definitely Yoji Shinkawa. With this tech, you essentially don't need him to ever design another character literally ever again. Enough of his catalog is avail to where you will essentially generate a perfectly acceptable Yoji "forgery" so to speak, every single time. Any artists that already exist will ostensibly be out performed by the AI that can generate their work flawlessly. There will be no reason to ever hire them, unless of course the big executives care about the human element and the nuance that maybe AI can't quite get down packed but, since the only thing they care about is money, and using this tech will drastically reduce their costs - somehow I don't see that happening. As for new up and coming artists - all that is required is for you to generate enough artwork to have enough examples, and have that artwork become accessible to the masses, and then the same thing will happen. I like this tech in kind of a civilian space, where maybe some Joe Shmo from wherever wants his profile pic to be himself as big boss or solid snake (honestly talking about myself here). Obviously I can't hire Yoji to make a mock up of me as snake, so this does that for me. But in a professional sense, I can only see this as a detriment to future artists.
where was Wren’s character
sam looks great as a metal gear character
Art is the one Thing we dont need a Machine to do for us. For us Artists our work is not labor, its something we enjoy doing, something that is driven by our passion. Seeing this here happening is soul-crushing
I'm a senior 3D game artist working for a major company. We've been discussing these AIs for weeks now. Our art director mentioned something interesting. Saying that if an artist would use AI to create a base and continue working, it would be fine. The problem with these AIs is one of consistency. You can't give them feedback and ask for iterative work. Yet. But we'll get there and it's scary as hell.
Traffic going in reverse at 10:30 screwed me up.
This is incredibly cool, but when I'm looking into the information detailed in the data page it feels like you almost need a high education in software engineering to even dissect (or even use) the program properly. It could just be because I'm totally out of my element with it (as someone form mechanical engineering and design engineering) but I don't have near the foundation needed to actually understand the program. Though I suppose you don't need to know what's going on under the hood to drive the car...
I’m still not sure how you go about implementing yourself into dream studio, I need to mgs myself damnit!
WHERE IS MY BOI WRENNNN DUUDEED
Everything is a remix. Artists copy one another to familiarize consumers so that they can understand new information. That is what makes the art become what the artist’s own unique original work. All of these artwork Digital Corridor made are there’s. They can post it and do whatever they want with it. No other artists is gonna come to them telling them it’s their art. It’s not those other people’s artwork and it’s not really their style. It just an imitation of their style. Call it inspiration if you like. If that doesn’t comfort them to share and monetize there work, then they can just photoshop it and deviate from it even more if they like. AI, is just a tool in the artist’s arsenal. Some may use it more than others. Some AI based content may become more predominant than others. Time will only tell.
Of all the things I've seen you guys do over the years, this has got to be one of the most exciting experiments you've done simply because I can see how it will open a world of creativity to far more people.   YES, there are moral implications about borrowing a style from another creator, but the joy and inspiration it will bring to so many more people is probably immeasurable.  How many people were inspired to learn how to actually play guitar after having played Guitar Hero?  How many digital artists are there who would never have been if not for the capabilities of computers and software tools to aid their creativity?  This will be another jumping off point, and way of inspiring human creativity.  Just think of all the stories out there that have never been brought to life because the gatekeepers didn't deem them worthy of production...  The new creativity will shift to those who understand best how to pioneer a new style or theme and we as humans will be richer for it.
I feel like this is a prolong to a DND quest
That was absolutely incredible
I'm not scared because I'm not creative in the least bit
I... NEED this for my stories
just imagine the future of this tech 5 years from now omfg
I think the need is in licensing the art for the use in training.  The tool needs to be considered copyright infringement.  The author should be paid and agree for their work to be used in the training.
For those worried about job security: we have to prepare for a world (both economically and socially) where we no longer define ourselves by our work. We have to move away from reliance on work to exist, because we’re rapidly approaching the work singularity, the point at witch there will be no job that a robot can’t do better and faster than a human. We need to fundamentally reorganize society so that humanity isn’t dependent on labour and wages, artists should be able to live well and do art as they desire regardless of the state of AI image generation.
Glad Niko talked about the morals of AI. I’ve seen so many people claiming it’s their art since they entered “genius” keywords 😂
Astounding, yet Terrifying...
Hopefully the text used to prime the image is embedded in the meta?
This tech actually concerns me
Can you imagine using this for DnD and Tabletop RPG Campaigns? It could be a huge step for people to come up with their own campaigns with themselves as the characters and so on. First I was sceptical, but now I am sort of convinced that this has fun and inventive use cases for regular people.
I studied fine art photography right when Analog was dying to phone camera, and then this happens, i'm half glad I failed and didn't kept grinding in art, after University I did something else
I'm an art student, this AI is making me feel like I've made a poor life choice.
6:37 make that a shirt pls
How long until this can generate video and then video+audio+music?
The way that I look at AI generated art is that you don't make anything, you just tell the AI what to do, so the result isn't yours
You're right. AI art has its place, but people really need to do something to make that art their own
15:50 now make this all Scifi and its just a starwars :D
now its a race between the bang and the whimper.
Imagine having this power in our phones very soon.
10:27 Avenida Brasil?
I was on the edge of my seat with the story.  Honestly this AI is amazing
Greg Rutkowski himself said that he doesn't want living artists (like himself) to be used as data because it is almost guaranteed to replace jobs he might have gotten
Putting the ideas or building the "prompt" to generate the piece of art is what is making it yours more than not.  I've never been artist but this tech let's me enjoy getting my ideas drawn out.  If you don't want your work to influence what others do, don't let it be seen and lose the true value of your work completely.  What about when the AI is capable of generating new styles of art altogether?  What about craftsmen who made instruments when synthesizers came about?  Claymation to CGI?  Endless examples of the same thing playing out.  After it settles into place it'll be a general improvement all around.
HOLY HELIX THIS WILL CHANGE THE WORLD!!
This is the coolest video I think I've ever seen. I hope this really catches on.
Very exciting to see all digital painters suddenly without jobs.
Considering the requirements state a GPU with 30GB of VRAM as the _minimum,_ what GPU are you using?
rip
As a digital artist myself... This is scary. Not only for the implications this may have with art in general, but also the uniqueness of it. Replicating famous artists' styles with just typing it down is incredibly scary to think of. Becoming a recognized name to only have a computer make your work at any time...? I don't like it.  I know it isn't perfect, but it still doesn't make it any better. It's impressive and all but the speed at which this is progressing, and seeing so many people that don't understand just the amount of time and labor it takes to do stuff being so happy that computers can and may replace artists in a nearby future is incredibly upsetting... And for some reason it is always visual artists.  Tell them about a computer taking THEIR job and suddenly it is all evil and horrible. Accounting, teaching, driving, management, and now creativity.... What will be left...? Only programmers? People coding away to replace it all...?
I agree with CMike, the picture of steve should be painted on the side of the building (or at least you should show him the pictures/story)
Anything to make the medium easier will eventually be adopted fully by the mainstream, if only for a streamlined process, sure, there will always be holdouts, and traditionalists that do things the old fashioned way, but in the history of technology, anything that produces something just as good as traditional methods, but much much faster, and easier to use, will become the main way of doing said jobs/products, just look at the industrial revolution, the printing press even, or the autoloom, if it makes the job easier, it's gunna take hold.
am i the only one who sees the Ugandan Knuckles at 13:30 in the background?
"Check out the other guides on that site as well, for other ways to run Stable Diff. You can even run it on the could!"...what's a COULD
We'll always need humans... I mean.. someone has to draw those hands eventually
Damn... This gives another meaning to "targeted ad"... Imagine seeing yourself in the ad, telling yourself how great this product is.
It IS cool! My worry is tha would devalue digital artists work even more than it is now
@13:05 hahah look at that horse
I love how king Matthew spends 90% of his days just checking out his shoes for hours
I like to think this Painting AI doesn’t exist and they just commissioned talented artist to do it
Your final thoughts echo my thoughts concerning using samples from sample packs to make music.   There's nothing wrong with it, but if all you do is take a melodic sample and loop it and call it a day you're really not doing anything creative.
Am I the only one NOT losing their shit about this?
I’ll literally pay someone to help me set this up on my machine.
Prompt masters
So sick
Who was wren
As a digital artist I love how fast this is, but I am equally terrified by it. This is a real game changer.
I think Niko missed out on the opportunity to make Wren the Jester in his Story
no offense niko, but i think the "One Big Issue" with these AI's is that theyre all widely trained on datasets of stolen art/without any permission whatsoever, something that's been proven by ones like Midjourney literally generating images with watermark-eque patterns on them and "signatures" in the corners. given your experience in the industry and platform you guys command, we expect better from you on this.
Imagine in the future, wearing a pair of AR glasses and using them to change the art style of the world you see. Maybe buying art style templates from artists to see the world in their style?
I love how even AI can't defeat the greatest enemy of all artists, The Hands.
Identity theft is not a joke! Millions of families suffer every year!
gettyimages best be sweatin
AI is great at copying other people's ideas. Making it's own . . . . rather less so. If you're a skilled but derivative illustrator then yes, your days are numbered, but it just means that you gotta come with your own slant if you wanna survive. As with anything new and labour-saving, it just lowers the bar for entry. Inevitably someone creative and smart is gonna do great things with this new tech that we haven't thought of yet and its gonna rock.
Amazing!
I find the lack of Wren in the story, disturbing
I think Niko nailed the answer to this morally grey area throughout the video.    You give the artist it's copying the credit
that was so good
Once AI learns to draw hands, it's all over
Seriously interesting video. Love this channel
“We are going to take his soul now” The future is here.
i find confort in knowing that even AI can't draw hands
Steve the Grey was a perfect touch.
home d&d games will get an insane upgrade from this
Keep in mind, the creative process the AI is using is just one way to be creative.  There are other ways to be creative as well, I doubt the AI will be able to be creative in those ways for some time.
This is truly terrifying. Beautiful and amazing. But truly scary. To think any and every story I have written can just be effortlessly made real? It's incredible. Im curious if this could help replace story boarding.
why is no one coming from the future and stopping us, where is Arnold Schwarzenegger?
When people are willingly putting themselves in the matrix we will look back at this video and the man who said “dude, this is just making me ashamed of who I REALLY am” as the first harbinger of things to come
It's understanding of lighting and backlighting hair etc is incredible. I'm an illustrator by trade, and this AI stuff is already worrying as...
Artists are forever crying about how new technology will kill their industry and then it never does. The printing press didn't kill books, radio didn't kill books, TV didn't kill books, AI won't kill books. Same goes for visual art.  “This discovery of yours will create forgetfulness in the learners’ souls, because they will not use their memories; they will trust to the external written characters and not remember of themselves.” - Socrates talking about paper.
I love how whether it's real artists or AI no one can draw hands
No one is talking about how this could be very useful for mangakas? They would just have to take inspiration from someone's profile and write stories, and they will have the manga panels. This could basically remove the curse of being a comic book artist, and the stress of drawing like crazy for every single panel, when they only have to care about the story.  Ohh BTW those oil paintings remind me of Dishonored a lot.
This isn't going to kill anything, as all of the other things didn't. The rest just didn't reinvent enough.
i've seen dudes trying to sell their ai art for like album covers and shit lolol. like bruh these dudes are delusional
We are slowly being replaced by an ai..good job humans
Amazing. Who's Steve?
I have some AI animations on my channel with four more awaiting a soundtrack. Seeing what the AI can do is amazing, and Im really looking forward to playing with animation more in the future. Its something I've always wanted but didnt know I wanted it :) Its amazing how fast tech is developing from where it was just a year ago. Incredible stuff, and much fun. I'd be very grateful for any views :) (shameless plug :) ).
As a digital artist from a 3rd world country trying to make my way up the ladder this genuinely makes me scared
The implications of the technology are very obvious. It's pretty clear that AI is evolving much faster than we could've imagined and the excitement over what it'll do next is undeniable. I believe that it will disrupt the creative industry heavily and, yes, a lot of people will be out of jobs but this is not the only industry facing these challenges and it is not the first time technology has brought about redundancy in certain industries so do not despair. I think artist should be at the forefront of embracing this technology and evolving their craft along with it. I believe the world is experiencing a sort of global renaissance with AI being at the forefront of change. In due time, things will normalise and find their place but for now enjoy being the first to experience these technological leaps in creative ability and feed the change with your views and opinions. Let's have more spaces for creatives to discuss the implications of AI interference and debate their impact to ensure it is a tool to help everyone involved as much as we can.
Incredible! Might be my new favourite video on the channel! Honestly AI is amazing and terrifying at the same time!
Doll-e mini: "here's a image of stallen and the rock together"  Me: "what the fu---"
i am not even dare to try the repository on my macbook haha, probably it would smoke out
Hello
Could you upload a video as the base image and apply a style? Like make it apply a pencil filter to every frame and do a "Take On Me" parody?
This scares the shit out of me. I’m of the mindset that it won’t replace artists but hooooooly fuck it worries me that it might take up lots of jobs.
Just like any other field, good referencing in the description of the piece is key to being fair and acknowledging previous efforts by others.
If I was a concept artist I’d be saving for retirement now…
This is magnificent 🤧
That was unbelievable
These are CRAZY good illustrations
This is insane like anyone could make content on the same level as pros
Niko Pueringer... More like Niko Pureginger
In your description section, it's says "You could even run it on the could!" instead of "cloud"  Don't know if you guys noticed that ir not. Great video btw
"AI doesn't draw hands". Professional artists either, don't worry.
Well good bye grafic designer, artis, animators, VFX artist, etc. A fucking computer can do it better and faster
aaannnnddd no artist whose work was input into the AI, allowing you to profit from their style, ever sees a dime. Theft.
Amazing ... and soul crushing for any artist.  Basically that means that "AI" will simply create what we tell it to ... but it will never be 100% unique. It will always draw from the images that already exist and are in the data base. You could argue that humans also copy each other, but at least there's a certain process involved. The AI won't simply "come up" with anything new. People will have to do that. But for me personally ... as much fun as it would be to use these tools myself to maybe make my sick phantasies real ... I wouldn't ever want AI generated artwork to be used professionally. For games or whatever ... it's just ... cheap.
Art is not a possession, it’s an expression, once you create art it no longer belongs to you. While you may be able to copyright a specific work of art, you cannot stop others from taking influence from your style, nor should you want to. The point is to express yourself, and nobody can ‘own’ an expression.
Whats the name of the website??????
This makes face ID completely useless
I was NOT expecting the MGS painting. That looks identical to Shinkawa’s artwork.
Strangely my experience with WoW Simulations to figure out your optimal DPS prepared me to easily understand how adding information to the simulation increases the strain.  For every extra item you add, it multiplies with all the other items to exponentially increase the size of the whole operation.
Yes
More of this please
With power like this in their hands, they can finally make the ultimate "Our Founders" painting
I need this
please show us how you set this up this is amazing
It's funny how often we all talk about how underhanded and penny pinching capitalism makes every industry in existence but we think that as this tech gets better and better that everything will be fine and there is nothing to worry about. You really think that companies aren't looking for this to be used as soon as possible to remove artists and studios like Corridor from the media pipeline? That's crazy😂
When you said "One day a company will use the algorithm to make AI content" I truly felt scared.
I am feeling very sorry for artists.
5:55 Fuck me... the Lego figure with the beard... it's so perfect
The picture of Jake looks a bit like Littlefinger from Game of Thrones
since you guys are worthless now because of AI I dont need to be subscribed to this worthless channel bye
6:51 Hoss Delgado
Bye bye comic artist jobs and illustrators
thick batman = Frank Miller The Dark Knight Returns style
incredible images, mind boggling that it's AI. On the ethics of AI art tho, I think it would only be in exceptions that people should be able to call AI art "their own".  It's kind of like going to a baker, telling him what cake you want and what you want in it, and then claiming you made it yourself.
So the idea that a computer could for example use a massive dataset of artists drawing in a program and distill all the information used in the creative program then it'd be a lot less surprising it'd be capable of this. What is surprising is it can do it just from reference imagines. I think that's the deception here that we very much underestimated that super computers could literally just try every combination of that to train on what faithfully creates the image. But by the same argument then humans learn very inefficiently because of the input lag and the inability to pay attention to all the details that synthesize a great image. In otherwords since such a model is implicitly learning from us it to could make an artist learn vast amounts of information about what makes a particular artwork work. We should be thinking very carefully about what we want these models to do. Because just throwing them out on the scene like this is only possible because of the very massive amount of freely available images on the Internet. If no one is inspired to make these models work for artists and instead use them to replace artists we could just be in a world where the artwork from say 2050 is all the model has where most human artists are discouraged from ever trying to contribute.
Oh boy... This can't end well... Next up... Making animated movies of THIS high quality with AI generation... 10 years from now, maybe even sooner than that, we'll be AI generating our own movies, animations... All that stuff! And it will be almost on par with blockbuster movies! The film industry is going to crumble when we reach the highest point of this development. We'll be making our own stories, with whatever actor we want! AI generated... Everything. Voice, music, video... And when it'll look SO good it goes past the uncanny valley? Then what? With such power, everyone, and I mean EVERYONE, can become everything they could ever hope to imagine! Our imagination isn't even going to be the limit anymore, because the AI will end up going even BEYOND that. And with all this on the horizon... I can't help but imagine... What will this technology give us, but also, what will it remove? When everyone's super... No-one is.
AI are getting so real
What ever happened to Steve the landlord? Can anyone fill me in?
Not the death, just a new tool for artists. Art is definitely going to change, and a lot of artists are probably going to get shafted in the process, and some unfairly (like their art being used to feed the AI without their consent). But as the saying goes: Adapt or die.   It's certainly going to remove some of the "technical" ability from certain artistic mediums, but knowing the right cues to feed the AI to get the image you want is a skill in and of itself. And then there's the human touch, which I don't think AI will ever quite be able to emulate.
I’m kinda disappointed I didn’t see a wren and cmike get one art style made 😅
You need a theater room.
as a concept artist that was already dropped because clients said they are gonna start using AI art now, the fact that they could be "creating" art in other peoples styles by just using reference uploaded to an AI saddens me, thats just adding insult to injury.   One thing is for you to use AI to create your own pieces, but to take someones style, that took years to create and just...desecrate it like this, its beyond just copy or plagiarism, thats just horrible.  The world will decide how this will change the industry, but its not everyday that you get a glimpse on a future that now sees you as obsolete
Thank God i didn't become a concept artist!!!💩💩💩💩👍
This is really mind-blowing!
Niko is such great storyteller. Those images were sick!
I majored Illustration about 11 years ago. At the time, we thought creative work(art, music, etc) will be the last bastion against AI take over. It only took 11 years for AI to get good enough for commercial work...
Maybe it would be a good idea to always credit inspiration. So, why not include the string used to generate a picture, always?
ayooo who put the heavy's laugh from TF2 when the image of Sam laughing came up, that editor deserves a raise fr.
What an incredible video
amazing 😮
I always say coding isn't about typing text, especially to elitists that think they are better than someone because they use X language over Y. You can code with nodes nowadays. I also think artistry isn't just about drawing with a pen or pencil, or stylus. It's about having a vision for something and creating it, in some way. There have always been artists and designers that copy others, it happens thousands of times every day. It's just easy to get away with. And some people will always be skeptical of new things, digital drawing, raw processing photos and so on.   When I was in Greenland taking pictures of icebergs this summer, I caught myself staring into the camera viewfinder 99% of the time. And at that point I thought to myself, if I could tell an AI to make the exact same picture that I take now, would I still physically go on this trip? And my conclusion was, yes I would, because of the people I met, and because when I took the camera from my eye, what I took in can't be captured on a camera sensor. It reminded me to be in the moment, and look up from the camera between shots to appreciate it.
Turns out, batsam cannot count to two.
I wonder what would happen if you go multiple layers deep with the example photos.  For example, take real example photos of someone -> AI generate the same photo angles but with a specific theme -> then use those AI generated example photos for another set -> and so on
Artists used to paint with brushes on a canvas. Now they're going to be painting with words in a latent space of AI.
We need to do this more AI Story art
When Steve the landlord showed up that story became incredible
So. How long till those stills become input storyboards to an AI synthesised movie? My bet is 3 years to fluid animation, +2 for sound and theatre release.
Holy shit… instant storyboards…
I don't know what the big deal is.  All AI does is collate and cross-reference images and data much faster than humans. It does not 'create' anything, any more than some crappy DJ creates new music. And the only implication AI has is in regards to copyright infringement. If you thought that was a difficult area now, AI has just made that a quadrillion times harder.
Doesn't this completely fuck over Greg Rutkowski's entire career? Are AI companies allowed to train AI with other people's copyrighted work in their databases? That sounds hella messed up
I can see you guys using ai to get ideas for new videos.  just seeing captain price version of Sam made me want a COD video from you guys.
The biggest problem I've seen with this Ai is that it doesn't understand Anatomy and Proportions very well. Disfigured faces, extra fingers, legs bending the wrong way, arms longer than legs, etc. But for a Start, it's pretty good. I think after 10 years of constant training and refining the AI through open-source, we can create a Module that's near perfect for accurate VFX renders.  It also opens the door for more nefarious stuff like art theft and deep fakes, but every scientific advancement has the potential for good and evil.
it was really cool but i could hear anything niko was telling in some parts
Wow!
As all great tools it will come to the users responsability and morals to put it to good use. Artists visions are always going to win in my opinion but I can see this being implemented as rough templates for the actual work for the artist (or for silly thumbnails too). At the end of the day, there's always someone clicking generate and feeding the machine the information, so the human component will always be there.
I’ve had this discussion with a classmate about AI replacing artists and me, a 17 year old who wants to be a concept artist in the future obviously told them it’s impossible than an AI can recreate something the same way as a human being, I now stand corrected in ONE way because I still believe AI is far from what humans can do creatively. I hope the future for artists, designers and so on is bright and not considered “over” because of AI
Disgusting that you guys are promoting this stuff. The death of the commercial artist is getting closer and you guys are only inviting it in.
A few things to remember: The algo needs input, it needs sources, it needs an artistic direction, it needs a final artistic decision from the progrartist (Tm Just made it up). we as humans know what looks right for the uses we need. The machine will not take that away anytime soon. Why? you may ask, because we wont let it get that far. At some point in the future, progartists are going to hit that last hurdle and go...hmmmmm, do we realy want the machine to take over?....hmmmmmmmmmmno.
Y'all produce great content, every single time.  Niko, I loved your thoughtful and kind outro.
There's a lot to unpack with art ai. Using the website versions cost money, but using an offline version requires having a computer that can run it. So does it really democratise art, or just kick artists out and place their money into the hands of several companies? To what extent do you edit or work with an AI's image until it becomes your own? I mean it's basically like commissioning an artist, but small details get done wrong (I like to see that AI too can't draw hands). Does art AI mean that less people will be inclined to take up art as it improves, do we eventually run out of human artists? And the jobs!! What of the jobs!!  This and more next time at "Questions I'll pose but definitely have no authority to answer!"
The problem I see with AI Art is the potential of the AI plagiarising handmade art that real humans spent hours creating
Landlord Steve ftw!
The moral dilemma regarding artists potentially losing their jobs is solved rather easily; Just don't pay for AI art. Real art is made by a real person, therefor you pay the artist real money for the hard work they put in. AI "art" is made by an algorithm that searches the internet for already existing artworks from other artists and mashes them together like plagiarism on steroids, therefor you pay the person who just runs a program absolutely nothing. I think that's fair.
AI did great job at recreating Carmichael in this video, really looked just like him!
Your keyboard and mice are nasty. Common corridor crew. Smh
Yea finally the Corridor Crews moment to shill the ads! You guys deserve it after all this time 😆
I hate these technology advancements. Just stop.
This is really something. Been surfing the front for a while and this is making feel like a kid at Christmas.
This is some crazy tech! The future is awesome, but extremely scary as well.
The only thing the conforts me is that it can't draw hands as well... yet
What you said at the end. If this isn't infringement when the model is created then still it is constantly creating hazards for anyone who uses to commit infringement. Just because the model can synthesize it believably creates a major bias for us. We think of the difference because "influence" and copying primarily on a basis of effort because we poured many hours of effort into it. That won't nessarily be true with an AI. You can just accidentally use a substantial portion of another work and you'd have no way of knowing.
more
Dread Pirate who?
Artist who see AI as a threat and not a tool probably were not good artist in the first place. AI could never compare to the skill and detail of humans this is just another step in the pipeline if its even useful for what you need at the moment.
We all need Metal Gear versions of ourselves.
great way to pitch a script with this ability to create images
The thing that makes me positive about this technology, is at the end of the day, you only get these styles from real people making real art. Its not a replacer, it’s a like grand narrative machine for any writer to create art for their work. This will be used for video games too im sure.  Edit: we probably need to create traceable copyright ID for art style code so artists can make a living. Edit edit: the recent AI art competition winner made me believe this as a literary tool. You guys really brought that home! Exciting.
🤯
2:50 the difference of the worlds knowledge and being told what to do vs having the worlds knowledge and having filters and such to help refine the output  i get why people are getting so worked up about ai art- but man its so goddamn cool
This is fascinating and terrifying at the same time
Amazing, it used to be the prediction that art would be the last thing AI would outcompete. Turns out, it might be the first.   Though it's more likely gonna be a synergistic tool. CGI didn't kill hand drawn animation and we still use stone tools in surgery.
The tech is definitely impressive but as an artist I can't say I'm a fan; art sites are being flooded with AI stuff and It's taking focus away from people that put in huge amounts of time and effort to create their art. It's soul destroying having a skill you've spent your entire life working on and trying to turn into some kind a profession in a world that's hard enough to get noticed in already suddenly get buried by stuff that amounts to little more than someone typing in a search box and posting the results as their own, especially when there's nothing that can be done to stop it.
Skynet is coming for the Artists first I guess. 😅😓😓😓😢
All of this AI needs data to learn from... it wouldn't have been possible without the artists whose style existed before it to feed the algorithm. All of you artists, never stop creating art and developing your style. Feed it, don't let it eat you alive.
so how can one do this without buying a $10,000 computer?
Totally, my mantra from the beginning was to share the influences used. Hence, the prompt and if you consider the prompt magic sauce, at least share the artist you used and layer into your creations.
4:06 - "It's simple. We kill the Fatman."
Comic books about to be wild lol
As a digital artist, the fact that it can mimic art styles is Not Good.
What a time to be alive.
RIP Artists
This is frightening
Can't wait til it can make videos and then full on movies based on a prompt.. such as a book. Wink wink
This is really cool. Maybe this changes the way we creating renders of a 3d object. For example I could model a cool looking sci fi device, making multiple easy, overcast lit renders of it - passing it then over to this technology to direct a complex render. 🤯
As an artist, I'm extremely concerned. However, as a lazy technology enthusiast, I love it.
NAW, THE YOJI SHINKAWA MGS SAM WAS SO DAMN GOOD. LMAOOO 🤣🤣🤣😎😎
F in chat to creative future generations. AI's taking humanity's heart and soul with this type of thing. Future is here, baby.
Woooooooooooooow!!! 🤯
I love the tech, but it will always be more impressive when a human does great art. I'm not amazed by art made by robots/ai.
OH MY GOD THIS IS TERRIFYINGLY AWESOME
With Ai as a tool and using other artists work as a reference. I believe it is up to the user's morals to be forthcoming about their creation. Especially if it is used for commercial purposes.   Times are changing and with AI growing, hardware being able to keep up with demand. An individual or group of people bent on seeking profit through these tools may become a norm in the coming years.
It’s fun being early for a corridor crew video :]
This would be great for getting like 100 quick reference images with a unified theme or establishing a base to work off of. Still needs the human touch to weave the images together in a meaningful way.
Damm that looks to good
Is this actually real
It begs the question... What is art?
holy shit this is insane
Well this is scary.
This is officially a step in man kind now, really starting a new age, it will only grow from here, next will be interpolating between to poses, then animating etc
Wow, this is the most compelling use of ai I've ever seen
"In the future, entertainment will be randomly generated." - Larry the Cucumber
Strap this to a tiktok algorithm and it's the end of human created art
11:04 Robb Stark 11:23 Khal Drogo 11:34 Petyr Baelish
m
im scared for the future...
is wern was not in story niko missed him
This is ... incredible and terrifying in equal parts.  Given how easy this is to use I can really see people like myself (with a bit of technical savvy but no artistic talent) using it to create lots of stuff.  Album art, stupid flyers for gig posters, invites for parties etc.  In the hands of amazing artists I can't even imagine what will be possible.   What I do worry about is those artists that rely on one off jobs, small contracts, portraits, pet portraits etc, as this AI can churn out acceptible art essentially for free.  I think the industry is going to change, for sure.  Would love to know what professional artists are thinking just now.
Time to make myself into a cyberpunk character and use it as my Pfp on steam and discord
I've been watching your channel for a few years now and you're always very entertaining. Same with this but I can't help but feel some sadness. With these techniques you've shown it's already apparent that AI art is at another level and I know there's higher places that it will reach. The common digital artist will not be able to compete with these AI generators and this is the genesis of a shift in the industry. I feel top level artists with distinct styles will be okay for some time but for many artists they will start to use AI for assistance. As we have seen the AI can mimic styles very well. Artists will become prompters and most likely be touching up and fixing AI images. This will make most artist feel like photo editors rather relying on their drawing and painting skills. It will be interesting to see what this does to the digital art industry in the long term. It definitely will not be the same.  Overall AI art is doing what technology has always done by making things more accessible to all. It's just crushing because this is the turning point for an industry that I have loved for a long time. Thank you for sharing Corridor Crew and I can't wait to see more.
Ok
"AI pokeball"
Sam just looks like a video game character, let's be honest.
hmm, AI cant draw hand? seem like typical normal artist
at least computers also struggle with hands, artists will never truly lose their jobs while ai’s struggle with hands
man i was hoping that wren would be like a benevolent apprentice or something
am I the only one having issues on YouTube where to audio isn't matching up and the voices are squeaky?
This mind blowing and terrifying for all artist
This is only the beginning, I'm terrified
wow okay I kinda hate this
Amazing for character reference
Christian as a yoked pirate slayed my heart
There will be a digital currency based on the inspirations you give to the AI system, either it be artistic style or inventive form. Paid double when it is created. This way your future job could be creating ideas for some AI to generate future tech and art from.
Woah!! This would be good for making movie posters!!! Great content here guys!!
It's not just about if this counts as art. It's also a copyright issue. When I type "paint like Da Vinci" - no problem. If I choose to imitate a living artist, that's a different story. Laws will be written.
This is amazing, I am not even finished and I can tell the rest will be top teir.
If this grows more and more... I'll be out of the animation job before I even get started!
On the one hand it's fun, transformative technology and absolutely inevitable. On the other hand, it will mean the end of a lot of creative jobs.  It should be opt-in for artists images to be included in the training data and for their names used in the prompts. That's the only thing I'd say.
This needs to be a comic series....
Where is Matt’s Orange shirt from?
this tech is gonna be cool for like 3 months and then governments will get a hold of it 💀
This is just astounding and terrifying, one generation and it's basically flawless with almost no input data
Really glad you brought up the moral implications. Couldn't stop thinking about that the whole video that without the Kernal of inspiration from the artist, none of this would be possible. AI does a great job of mimicking, but still doesn't create, thankfully.
I LOVE this episode  😭😭😭....... Much love from your South African (And biggest SA fan).   PS. Jake you do great job of putting these rag tag group of (creative) misfits in order.... just a perfect example of how The Corridor Crew are true LEADERS of there industry.
An if you though fake news was an issue now. Good luck, our future. This will allow politicians to lie even while their mouths aren’t moving.
Im surprised you guys havent talked more about the controversy of the ai art winning an award. I would love to see and hear your opinions on it. This video is a great demonstration on just how far the tech has come in just a few short years.
i think AI will never surpass Artist because of one fundamental thing, an Artists style and feel, Artist create there own art from all kinds of influences, and with that they create and unique style that just cant be replicated if you request a drawing from them, compared putting they're name in the AI, its and interesting topic i love philosophical conversations, but however compared to Art it is a difficult topic and largely subjective to the persons few on it
you see how advance the tech now
Fascinating....
That horse @ 13:04 has a long snooter!
Should have tried Thanos
As an artist an illustrator, this thing scares me on a monetary level. why would someone pay comissions if they can fiddle with ai to get the illustration for what they want?
i think this is pretty cool for people who have some creative ideas but no artistic desires or design beyond that, but i draw because i actually find it fun to draw so i don’t see this making real artist or painters go away. it is funny that the AI struggles with the same thing many human artists also do…the dreaded hand! maybe man and machine aren’t so different after all.
The morale part is tough because the tech is so fun
A.I image generating was made for one purpose and one purpose ONLY....to visualize TOOL lyrics.
Better than rings of power
What is the Soundtrack at 6:30 anyone?
"A collaboration of JJ Abrams and Michael Bay on the next Avatar sequel"  A.I.: nope
AI taking over... Freaking beautiful
Wren not good enough for your AI art story?
No Wren in the story? Unwatchable.
Boop
Thank you, Corridor. I know you guys probably get this a lot, but I just wanted to say how much you guys just affected my day. I just lost my job a few days ago and I was in probably one of my deepest depression fits since that day today. I didn't realize how much watching the teams reaction to themselves in AI art would put a smile on my face. You guys really turned my day around and I'm super thankful. I was worried this would be a super bad day. Thank you guys again.
nikos keyboard is digusting holy
i would just like to point out  that midjourney allows you to use images to influence your prompts and you can even use the --iw command (image weight) to scale how much the picture influences the AI (no fancy computer or github program needed)
I can see this being a DnD game
Fucking god no to ai art, it's such a scummy practice already, and is already causing issues in the field. I find the disrespect to both living and dead artist, that half these companies use in their promotional materials absolutely amoral and disgusting. It's an affront to creativity and adds on to the multilayered mess of other shit artists have to put up with already. Please let restrictions and a general public denouncement of such scummy practice come quickly.
THIS is the artist killer.
Sam looks a bit like the singer from 12 Foot Ninja
This would take DnD to another level
As an artist that loves doing art, i am scared shitless on this taking over so much, we know for a fact new laws and rules need to be implemented, as we already have cases of people using these AI to win Art contests, i'll definately use this type of programs to get a base image and idea to work with, but for making finished art? I don't really want that.
Speechless by story representation 🙌 Can we appreciate advertisement idea 😄
OHH
The profile picture potential is insane!
@5:32 Sam please get buff and shave your head. This looks awesome!
Now to train an ai how to use ai to make stories and ai art
As a writer, I have SHIVERS. Id love to use this tech
the thic batman lol
Proceeds to not do the thing they labeled the video as
4:07 Looks like Batman only has 3 fingers lol
Disappointing that the AI couldn't keep the sword identical between generated images. If a prop could be added to the database same as a face, that'd be revolutionary.
I guess I transitioned out of my career as a graphic designer just in time — as I suspect the need for composite images is about to take a dip. This sucks, honestly, though I feel really concerned for comic book artists. You can turn a new issue of Spider Man around in a day if all you need to do is say “show spider man waiting on roof in rain at night in style of JOHN ROMITA JR., okay now show Spider-Man on roof in rain at night rubbing his chin, in style of John Romita Jr., okay now show … etc.” It sucks because in the U.S. art style can’t be copyrighted, and really, even winning a case when someone has clearly traced your work is impossible. Now you have AI that can put Metal Gear Solid’s artist out of work. Yikes.
This makes me feel a whole lot better about having no skill at art whatsoever lol
What AI generator is this? It seems even better than Midjourney!
This was the most entertaining story time ever😂
GUYS I HAVE GOOSEBUMPS 💪💪🔥🔥
im the 8th person
6:30 that background music what is that?
The biggest problem I have is the training data is stuff that artists didn't give copyright to be trained on, and this AI seems to be closer to collages than to actual new creations.  The results are cool but it's exploiting the work of human artists because lack of regulation.
They need to make a film about this
so this is how art dies... with thunderous applause
"Remember me fondly" I hope to say this on my death bed 😂
Its a shame
It’s funny how everyone is cross cross apple sauce for story time 😂
Is it just me or this world is getting soulless?
This is wonderful. Imagine a world where anyone can synthesize a movie to their directions. This stuff is going to hit culture like a truck.
what i think would be amazing is to mix this is ebsynth to make full clips
This is going to change the world for good *and* for bad.
I love both MidJourney and Stable Diffusion equally. Gotten consistent results.  They are real game changers. The future is going to be impacted by this tech in a big way.
STEVE!!!
The Metal Gear one was beyond awesome
god damn. that was so good yet so scary at the same time
You know how they say that the porn industry is always one of the fastest in terms of implementing new technologies...
is there an easy noob-friendly guide on EVERY step you need to do in order to make pictures like the guys did in the vid?1
this tool is insane!! testing it as I write this comment!!...Hey is it possible to get the prompts you guys used for the story ones! this is so outstanding!
Your clone wars shot at 16:18 is from the original clone wars animated series from 2001, not from 2008
Art is dead
WE NEED SAM AS THANOS
An AI tool that generates what you actually want and not some random, deformed nightmares?  What Kind of Sorcery Is This?
This is legit amazing and terrifying. Honestly a little worried about job security.
The Ai can do literally whatever it’s a picture of a person or a picture of animal that actually makes me impressed
10:27 to 10:30 does anyone know the name of this sound effect  please? I’ve been searching!
Can you feed back the generated pictures as a character in order to have the same exact person wearing different clothes or in different poses?
Yeah... We're definitely living in a simulation
Super cool video.  AI tech is pretty insan
loved seeing landlord steve in this, really miss that crazy old guy
I've seen a lot of videos on this topic but holy sh*t this is something else.
Anyone else notice the four's fingers hand of Sam Gorski at 4:10?
All the typewriter users here are afraid of computers taking away their jobs.
Please have a how to at the end like you did with the cartoon stuff. I need this now.
My mind is BLOWN
It's the 80's Aardvark system for imaging. I like it.
by the time I get out of college I will have to pick a different career that isn't related to art. I'm very worried
fuck all of this ai art
Can definitely see a not-too-distant future where AI art is the norm and human art is seen as an artisan niche. Like vinyl records today
I knew now A.I does things I like this.but I never knew it became great as this. completely blown away🤯🤯
This channel makes me hate my computer, but I can't stop watching.
Noice
This is sad
I hope there’s legislations, tech like this will destroy the artist community and struggling commission artists living off social medias. A simple text box and an AI could destroy them all.
Niko has terrific hair
nice
As an artist, people’s excitement over these AI image generators makes me sad. I get there are things that you can’t get from a machine that you can get from a human artist, but I feel like a lot of people are going to settle instead of paying artists. 🤷‍♀️
What software is this?
woah Im early
This is amazing
Dam thats impressive
Love the metal gear music swell great vid guys allways love your content !
Fuck yeahhhh
4:06 it's not batman it is fatman
Y'all need to do a Metal Gear short with Sam as Big Boss now 😂
Serious thought tho, is there not a way that you could use ai to create textures, bump maps or other vfx assets?
It's fun to screw around with it but I really feel this compromises the art industry.
As a designer I was one of those people arrogant enough to think that we're gonna be the last to go. Nope! Welp, at least we all get to be unemployed together.
As an artist all I have to say is…  F*ck  Well, ok, maybe not that but I’m intrigued as to where will this lead in a future. As intrigued as a guy watching a countdown on an explosive could be that is but I’m still intrigued.
Dude this is gonna be so cool. Im also gonna keep sam's batman
woah
It’s sad for people who spent years learning how to do this but then ai just randomly appears and takes all that knowledge and throws it out the window into a burning dumpster
Man, these creations are absolutely gorgeous.
These are crazy amazing!  I still think the AI has a ways to go, my results are always a little more abstract than I'd like.
It’s incredible how in depth this ai can get, insane how far this tech has come
I can only imagine the amount of celebrity/character porn that people are going to make...
Wow 😳
Stop trying to make Skynet real!!
Now, AI Art shouldn't be used in my opinion. It is a major risk for artists. If you are publishing art with AI, you are "that guy" that is never satisfied with human passion of art and use your subject to heartless AI who can't make a good portrait of a Fantasy Character.
This is actually insane
wow
I really hope this tech doesn’t kill art jobs, it’s good now but imagine where the tech  will be in a decade or even just 5 years
Yay
Ai Art is Cringe
Early?
We NEEDED Mark for this
This video is generated
When did Linus Tech tips from Unbox Therapy start a VFX youtube channel???
Dream studio let's you add a photo there's already ai that let's you add photos
wow
I am still thrilled by Dall-E 2 and midjourney. AI for art is just a big thing
Ai generated art I ok but it take snippets of existing art and makes it into one big piece which is technically stealing but I dunno. Makes good concept art though
I've been using these ai to make art for my DND campaign and its been great to make a more immersive experience for my table
I kinda expect a lot of laws and stuff are gonna be implemented because of all this, especially around commercial use.  It's gonna feck up quite a lot that currently exists in the industry
So cool
great video, very cool
at a buffet, i personally sneak corndogs into the buffet so others can enjoy them. I hide 6 corndogs in my jacket pockets. it then, is a joy for me to see other patrons of the establishment eat my corndogs thinking they were part of the buffe
AI art is my new addiction  Although I feel concerned as an artist too
This is so exciting! I'm only a few moments into the video and I'm freaking out because I'm not very artistically blessed. This will help me in so many ways. Edit: Sam you are a genius!
Dang I'm early
Yo we out here
90th
Hi everyone 👋
Nice video bro
ayo?
Now this is epic
Ai art is so fun, I can’t wait to see how much it keeps developing.
I wish u were as good as then
Hiiiii
okay.
ello
Ai is amazing as it is creepy
Hello early crew
Ai is always cool and with corridor it's super cool
Hello
Wow this stuff keeps getting scarier for artist
DAMN
Yo
The early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I woke up to a corridor crew video, today is gonna be a slightly less worse day than the rest
fifth comment?
Nice job guys
Fifth?
This is quite exciting for the future, im just imagining a future where complete movies are AI generated. Granted I will prob be dead by then but it’s a interesting thought
Hdienr
I think this is new
Ai are getting insane.
32 seconds ago 🤨
That’s cool
