I would have  chosen Mata always in the creative midfield, he is more creative than ALL United midfielder all together
14:50
Elanga goes down far too easy
MatTominay
No pressure  for trophies, for top 4 or anything, of course  tyey are going  to  play  well.
I was really sad to see Matic and Mata leave. Brought tears to my eyes. Wish them all the best for the future. Thank you for being part of United history guys. 沈
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
I'm very happy for Mata. And matic
Sky sports keep banging on about whether to keep Ronaldo, but nothing about the other out of form couldn't care less toxic players we have. Any wonder we played well without the English contingent. No Maguire, Wan Bissaka, Shaw, Lingard, Rashford and Greenwood. Only one who gets a pass is Sancho.
Nice
Mctominay passes sideways. Sideways Bob
Do we expect Mr. Champions League to play in the Europa League? I don’t think so.
I understand that Mata was man of the match today. For me however, if theres going to be a man of the match for the manager today is the day. Ralf gets so much stick. He tried to do what he wanted and the players at the beginning of his reign gave him 35 minutes of pressing. Not only did ralf stick to his philosophy today, but he did something we havent seen in years. He chose quality and experience over pace and counter attacking football. Ralf master class and so grateful hes sticking around to consult and show ten haag what this team is about.
That's what happens when you put a team without England players
No offense but Ricky has been slated for saying this for months now!!! we all Know that Mata and Matic doesn't have the legs but he was right
It's simple. It was all because of Mata. Played as no.10 in fact that's where he traditionally belongs. And look Wat we did.. We dominated the midfield!! 🤷‍♂
Great win for the minnows
Don’t give Ten Haag credit, he hasn’t done anything yet lol
We don’t talk about Bru-No No No, we don’t talk about BRUnOooo
becoz brentford are like so shite. thats why utd won.. they should be winning with big teams and have a winning streak like liverpool  city etc.
Ronaldo, De Gea, Elanga and Varane are the absolutely the most consistent players these season 👍🏻
I was there in the Stretford end. And the atmosphere was insane
biggest question this year ''why did it take the last game for man u to look like a top four team'' strange club at times
tbh we should use rangnicks words against himself. 'We cant change a winning team'
If Ronaldo was leaving he would have had a send off at OT like Matic and Mata, he will be at Utd next season.
Win or not, this season has been nothing short of an absolute disgrace. Apart from Ronaldo and maybe De Gea,every single player should be absolutely ashamed of themselves simple as.
Will you stop going on about Donny ! Donny is crap !
Dalot was Brentfords best player appalling Congrats  finally a good performance
Who is the most successful ex player who went into management 😂😂😂
Brandon williams must return to play the right back. The only english player that must stay should be sancho. Mata must stay.
Let's face it. Everyone ( aside from ronaldo- de gea) cuz there jobs on the line
Almost looked like a football team. I'm shocked. Thought that was a cert loss.
Has the route for the open top bus been confirmed?
Ronaldo staying means ETH will focus on midfield and defense area lot more and next year we can buy striker after Ronaldo leaves. We might get a winger tho if Martial or Rashford leaves  or if Greenwood can't play
Ronaldo said am not finished to the camera he didn't say one more year
my God you keep putting bruno in the same bracket as maguire are you serious yes this season yes he's been poor but still puts in numbers and plays for the badge
You can win a game that's it, nothing more with loser ten hag I promise you that
Mata is so good in a number.He doesnot have to run alot but keep position and wait for other players to join in.Hope he stays.
I think EtH will play Bruno on the wing.  He will be his Tadic you may say, in my opinion.
Laughing at Ricky basically repeating what u laugh at Ricky for years for saying lol
That's the first time Iv seen these lads look like a team and hunt like a team x
Ooooo your back. 👀.     😂
Don't go soft on these players after a few ok performances.. most still are not good enough to challenge for a league.. so they have to go..
Donny would probably be much better at replicating what Mata did today. I could see Bruno be used similarly to how Ziyech used to play on the wing for Ajax.
Does anyone else disagree with keane's all time man utd premier league midfield? Although Robson was one our greatest ever captains and a freak of nature in terms of ability and attitude, but by the time the premier league started his best days were behind him, and the same goes for Ince. My choice would have been without doubt keane and scholes. Two of the the greatest premier league midfielders of all time!
Oh Matic... clearly our best holding midfielder. It's a shame he's leaving. I wish we can get a Matic kind of midfielder to replace him.
It's good to play in champions League or Europa League to qualify for champions League but for United to play in conference League might do them good b coz United got all other cups besides this cup   they just  got to play well for top 4 next season
I hope Ten Haag convinces Eriksen to join us next season. He should play that no10 role instead of playing Bruno. Bruno loses possession of the ball a lot
Mata in for rashford made all the difference. What a shame Mata has been so underused. His game IQ, movement/positional awareness and decision making are second to none.
Against the low block teams it might be a good idea to try Bruno in the wide and DVB at 10 in future games
Ronaldo is 37 years, old surrounded by mediocrity, has been unfairly criticized all season long, and has just gone through one of the most heartbreaking things imaginable, and here he is still looking like one of the best footballers on the planet. just wow
Where u struggle to accept Ronaldo was the problem I don’t care, I’ve watched 34 games bar Everton   Ole- 45% of the problem  Rangnick- 30% Ronaldo- 25%
The only English player I would have in that team is sancho
No coincidence that these players are playing with more confidence now that they don’t have to worry about the circus defending. Maguire should never play again, nor bissake or McTominay who just isn’t good enough.
All we needed was a Sancho on the left and we'd be sooo complete such a great performance today was great to see ETH In!!!
Ralf Mis judged Mata, he suited well on Ralf tactics, he could easily unleash the low block of the mid table teams. If he would played few matches we will be through for the championship league
I hope Mata comes back and becomes a member of the board. As they've planned the role of Mata in the club.
I don't think it bodes well for us that Matic, and Mata were our two best midfielders last night
Bruno showed us a different side of his game wether he was playing 10 or not he showed us that he can still score and create chances when he needs to which we needed for a long time because mata and matic can’t spark that life that Bruno does to the team
Bruno should stick being no.8 . We should try VDB as no.10
Great last home game for players and manager. They show how not to be commercial fc club. I give Raf 8 and man of the match.
Its a bit sad that this win against Brentford is seen as a morale boost - how low can we go ?
Can't understand why Mata hasn't been more regular for the past few years, one of our best players yet hardly ever plays
This was a perfect lineup only one change dalot for van bassika. Dalot is over rated. Van also not that good but a better option defensively.
I believe this was Ten Haags tactics. He has talked to Ralf and has told them to play it like this and thats why we saw some changes today . They slowed the ball down in the final 3rd many times and that hasnt been done in ages.
Mctom is always good against the 'championship' teams like Burnley, Brentford, etc but when it comes to big games like Liverpool, Chelsea he gets exposed big time
We miss Greenwood
Can we appreciate the GOAT what a privilege to have him in our team and watch him week in week out.
This is why we have to buy our midfielders carefully.  Rice would be great, but honestly I think Brozovic plus Tchouameni would be perfect.
Ffs
At home Brentford
Ricky was right 😂
Europa league Europa league Europa league, Europa league Europa league
Liverpool supporter
Delusion is a wonderful thing.
There's only Juan Mata! <3
United = a one player team
A much better performance from players who want to play and do not need that much guidance, I agree that Erickson would be a good buy, creativity is lacking in abundance at UTD and he is a natural at creating things with passes most of your players would not even imagine let alone attempt, he also reads the game well and is experienced so he can help guide the youngsters too.  As an outsider looking in I always said that I did not understand why Mata and Matic were never getting picked, I understand the age concern but you cant field a team littered with too many inexperienced premiership players every week, UTD have gone crazy with trying to win things with youngsters... it wont happen if you do not hand down that experience to them in the same turn.  it can be something as simple as Mata telling Elanga not to run...you cant teach kids with kids is what I am saying...its been going on for a while.
Way better than Brenford, happy for ya
Nine fuckin nil
9-0
Liverpool
Liverpool
Liverpool
United are shite, no, shite is worth something.
McTominay made 80 passes and hit 78 of them, for an accuracy of 97. Giving him 6.5 is beyond biased. It goes to show how constant critique of a certain player's ability massively turns the fanbase in a certain direction. He had a fantastic game and hardly put a foot wrong. He made up for the lack of mobility in Matic and Mata on top of that.
A decent side????????
When Fred came in , utd is not so good
I feel sad that this will be marks last match reaction at home on the united stand
Man we should have been playing mata all session
I'd take Eriksen and play him ten for us and Bruno off the left or right or as false nine kinda like tadic for ajax.
Mata was soo good wish we had managers who knew how to use him
What many fans fail to realize is the fact that if we played like this in previous games, most shite teams who plays just like Brentford did tonight wouldn't be able to match us.   Because we do not have the right players to control games, the shite teams take advantage of our performance, control the game, get a result and look world class while we look abysmal.  If we had played tonightas we did in previous games, I bet you with the form Brentford is on, they'd win.  This Brentford team beat Chelsea few weeks ago and they took 10 points from a possible 12 against stronger teams.  Do not downplay the effort of the united team in this game.  The keyword being United TEAM.  GGMU ❤️
good to see rangnick played bruno on the wing. It's probably his position under ten hag because ten hag doesn't use playmaker no 10. Ajax playmakers are its wingers
Mata mata mata🙌
For once I had to go to sleep early and BAM we have our best performance of the season 🥺
The difference between a real professional footballer ( matic mata Ronaldo ) and professional social media footballer ( Pogba lingard rashford hell I'll even add Maguire in there )
Ronaldo will make that europa league look good and everyone will watch every thursdays🐐🐐🐐
Bring on Ricky, his football IQ is incredible.
It took a couple of pensioners in the club to show the kids how to play and win a game.
celebrating vs Brentford? how pathetic😂🤣
Ragnick is stupid! He listens to Solskjaer and plays Maguire and it’s what cost us top 4
Im glad you said is also a problem. He has improve yet . He should work hard
12:35 to the Glazers.
Goldbridge naming the injury list when the injury list is all bench players
Should have played mata in that position all along instead of bruno.. but who am I to say.?. 😁
Is bruno next pogba with shoehorning him to wing like pogba was under ole?!
Team performance…
Now finally fans have understand that how beautifully Ralf can play football when he is got proper football players who listen to him and work hard.
Bruno played well because rangnick picked a team around him...first the defence, then matic...I'm telling u if Bruno was the 10 and Sancho played we easily win the game...were did I see that b4, oh wait villa and Brentford away
Was a okay performance considering brentford had more attemps
I was really sad to see Matic and Mata leave. Brought tears to my eyes. Wish them all the best for the future. Thank you for being part of United history guys. 🥲
The difference today from last yr august was mata He was running the show Wish we has play him more from such time
When English players are not in the line up - Manchester United  When English players are included in the line up - Man U
Bruno should be going straight home and watchin tapes of matas best performances, tonight included.. if he could implement it into his game he would go from a top player to world class
Man utd fans happy about europa league
My man of the match is varane
Was this the last game of the season?
Mark you need to add var rating as the 12th player
Mark cant leave fred name out.... The reason we won was because we didnt play any English players
Whether you are a average player or a world class player, what you need the most is DESIRE. That's what i saw from these three.
Elanga has been the biggest plus of the season
Only good thing for me in this game and its the fact David kept a clean sheet
Looks like eldest players are better when they only play a game per week...
4-2-2-2. Ragnick was finally able to play his system today. The back four, then Matic and Mctominay, then Bruno and Mata, and upfront Elanga and Ronaldo. It was great!
Man am Praying Ronaldo Stays next season Cr7 don’t leave you my idol 😭😭😭I think he will stay tbh he just put it up on his Instagram saying it was a last home game till the end of the season
Finally a good performing the old timers showed who is class. Thankful for ralf for no Maguire Rashford and the lot. Ronaldo should be the captain make him stay
Mata and Matic helped Chelsea win the league comfortably and we got them but had no clue what to do with them till their send-off match. What a club
Hold up have they really been picking starters based on social media mentions? I thought that was a joke. You guys having a laugh. No wonder RR has looked defeated at times
Good Ricky impression mark
It’s getting Exiting!!!
It showed that Ricky should have been the manager all along
Football IQ is a more important stat than age. We saw that with Scholes when SAF brought him out of retirement because we needed someone to run the midfield and we won the title including a Scholes header winner at Man City
Good result tonight nice early birthday present 4 me as my birthday is on Sunday 🥳👌🏻🔥😎💯
Mmm...MATA..VDB!!
If ronaldo is staying next season, he should be captain
This should have been the first team since January.
Ricky was right all along!!
I dont think you ever like CRISTIANO RONALDO siuuuuuuuuuu
I am so proud of Mata, Matic and Ronaldo as three players over thirty, Mata and Matic needs to be honored by United
How low have we sunk when beating Brentford is a good result?  Brentford!! Really?!
HA HA HA , The number of delusional United fans on here is amazing. A win against Brentfrod and everyone is like they're 2nd in the league. UR ballin', against 1st league teams, but once Liverpool comes to visit, you're conceding 4 from a disinterested L'pool side.
Bruno plays better without Pogba, Lingard or McTominay by his side, instead Mata and Matic seems to work better with him.
The only english player must be in the side is sancho
I was there tonight and the best game I have watched proud to actually support united
United make me laugh... the only way is up.... hahahahaha
Quick question if you come sixth do you get europa or conference
Can't we keep Mata & Matic & let Maguire & Rashford go?!
Follow for the best football vids 🔥🔥🔥
Genuinely our best performance in last 5 years
Merely consolation, team has been terrible all season.
Ronaldo mata matic and Bruno was class tonight and dlot and telles was brilliant dlot should have got a secondary assist because that tro ball to elanga was world class
I feel more comfortable when Ronaldo is in charge of penalty kicks. When Ronaldo gets the ball in their box ,the opponents do their best to block him ,and if they fail ,they foul him.
Man utd are FINISHED
Bruh I'm watching the highlights and I'm erikson is looking magical if we can get we should add him to the shopping list those passes he's making is silky af
True Bruno been down ⬇️ this season hope he improves next season or he will be a bench player.
Enjoy the channel but please - PLEASE - never rap again. Cheers.
Brilliant job as always, Mark! I truly hope you’re doing this next season. I know two games left but possibly your last OT watch-along. You’re a maestro at this so if you’re staying, brill, if not the very best with whatever it is you’re gonna do. 🤟!!
“And two 🖕” 😂😂😂
Not many people Achally left 17 minutes from the end good to see even if the glazers should go
Why is mark saying that he’s happy they’re going to be in Europa league, isn’t that when you get 5th? And conference league 6th, which is where United are now…
Id really like to see bruno bulk up. Hes frail. .
Ronaldo, Elange, Mata and Matic were very good today. As you say, Ronaldo loved playing with their quality.
Static matic and mata will work for games were you know you aren’t gonna be pressed higher by a team like brentford
Ricky: VINDICATION!!!
Bring in Erikson 🔥🔥
Both Mata and Matic were world class when we bought them, especially Mata we wasted his talent. This is a pattern with United. Good to see they get the send off they deserve. Ronaldo class as usual! One of the few highlights in a terrible terrible season for United.
Shaw is waay too injury prone.
Mark I only just realized there is no English players in the field , is this maybe the reason they played so well 🤷🏽
Maguire is not good on the ball.
Good first game to watch Man U in person
Matic gone, Mata gone.  Dan James gone.   Tony Marshall as good as gone.   Ricky will devote his attention to that midfield stalwart, Scotty the Flying Scotsman McTominay.
Just showed what Ralf actually is capable of doing when the players played for him. First half was amazing and with more players playing for him and time to work with them he would have had them playing like that the whole game. Sadly he didn't get supported by the board in January
ReplicationBridge
Ronaldo could be so much better next season, he needs to stop coming deep and making these silly little passes. Needs to be in and around the box!
Scott  mctomonay a gaabage!....what you on about mark🤨
Telles and Dalot were DREADFUL. Dalot especially… wasteful passes that a 12 year old in a playground would be pulling off… Juan Mata revitalised that team today in my opinion, Cristiano Ronaldo player of the season🙌🏼
what if madrid come for Ronaldo?
We failed Juan Mata
No english players=victory
Ronaldo 🐐
we did well because brentford was crap we need a full change
Not one English player on the pitch. Says a lot about the performance.....
Matic has been playing great the last few games. He is on the way out but he’s really tired the last few games
Bruno is a selfish player that only  cares about himself.
Ronnie defies belief & absolute legend, magical performance!  Juan mata & matic brilliant great way to finish of there last home game in style !! 👌👍🏐🇾🇪🇾🇪
Mata has always been great at recycling play being part of Spain’s golden tiki taka generation. Other players like to force stuff and just end up giving it back to the opposition.
AGE EXIST BECAUSE SE MEASURE IT. CRISTIANO DOES NOT CARE ABOUT AGE, HE JUST PLAYS WITH INTELLIGENCE.
12:35 lol😂
OUT: W.Bissaka Maguire Jones Matic Pogba Lingard Martial  Cavani
Donny can do what mata did tonight next year
TH Will Play Two #10's Behind A Target Man. You Heard It Here First.
Ricky told you months ago Ricky the goat 🐐
No one left, not even the people holding up the banners 😂
Come on United. All we ask is effort, passion and commitment. Last chance for some to send the fans home happy. Old Trafford demands a performance. Ronaldo was man of the match, 10 for his performance in my opinion.
Ricky was right 🤣🤣🤣
Was ronaldo crying at the end ? Saying goodbye ??
Age over youth. Should have been playing these three all along!!
Honourable mention for Dalot. Mata played in his best position for the first time in 9 years. United have wasted his career.
so rare to see mctominay actually play a forward pass, the guys new name should be scotty sideways.
Thank you Juan, an excellent servant to the club
Bruno two jumpy .relax and play one two ball
I can see Elanga game improving learning from Ronaldo
Celebrating beating Brentford......Hilarious
Bruno is great but I think Mata is more suited to the no. 10 role. I remember Ricky used to say this all the time but I thought he was having a laugh. He always said Van de Beek would make the team better by keeping possession and the team would score as many goals as they did with Bruno in the position but this time, from the whole team. Ricky knew this but most of us saw him as a Bruno hater. The man knew what he was saying.
Maybe it’s the fact that Ronaldo only playing a game a week he doing so good
What do y'all think about signing players like Gouiri,Scamacca,B.Kamara,Laimer,Raphinha,Timber,Pedro Porro,Davide Calabria instead of the overrated English players
It fell apart after the subs! Back door was wide open.
Mark can u do a youngster watch
Dalot, Telles should be bench players
"Reputation means nothing without application" - Mark Goldbridge💯😂
Could it be that Maguire plays a false 5 position???🤔🤔🤔
Mata and Matic were class apart interms of intelligence and understanding of the game. Mctominay has a 1 yard passing capacity and no understanding of positioning and movement.
Who remembers a guy called Ricky just remember what he said about mata and all the other facts he said ! Bring him bak !
Great points about the Europa League and game availability.
It's not any secret if you don't play any english player except sancho maybe..you would get this performance everytime..and it's sure that toxicity in the dressing room were because of Rashford, Maguire, luke shaw, Greenwood, lingard
Yabadabadoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
It’s a joy to my team bounced back. Mata has the ideas. So does Matic
Ralf should of took Rasford Maguire and Bruno out of them team a long time ago they’ve been rubbish all seasons
Can I just say it's about goldbridge Whenever mctominay doesn't play well he calls it out but whenever mctominay does play well he gives him praise  Unlike some fans that when he does play bad they're full force but when he plays good they're all silent and make no mention about it.
Ricky will be buzzing
United have been lacking the presence of couple strong left-footed player and that is also a big concern, believe it or not this team miss Greenwood
MANU NEED TO MAKE RONALDO CAPTAIN (SIMPLE)
FREE MANCHESTER UNITED OF BRITISH PLAYERS THEY ARE THE PROBLEM
Next season having sancho play as a 10 could be good his passing is very good and dribbling is insane
Ronaldo has to be some sort of robot this is not normal
I just found out that Mark is 43, I always thought he’s like 27-30
If only we played Mata at number 10.
Absolutely pisses me off that Mata had been shunted to the bench all season!
Mata ' the forgotten wizard'
All for the mata prop, he was brilliant, but Ronaldo was comfortably man of the match
Maguire is the problem
What is Mike Phelan’s role at the club, saw him standing there shaking hands with Matic ???
I don't understand mctommys role really 😳
They have to give ronaldo a 3 year contract  So he can play UCL after next season and end his career with a trophy
REALLY? THIS? This was our best performance? And against mighty Brentford? If so - we deserve to be lower in the table... This was terrible, and the scoreline only says 3-0 cause we played Brentford who offered literally NOTHING. There was zero cohesion, there was no plan, same individual moments we always had, only this time it was enough. Mata did well, though. Only one who tried introducing some sort of order into our game.
Ronaldo look almost like prime Ronaldo! How in the world is he running and playing like that?! I don’t understand how the other players don’t take notes from him
Mata and Matic were the difference.
Fresh air to see Richard Arnold at the game we never saw   ed Woodward  enjoying the game
Excellent performance compared to the rest of the season, Mata was wonderful. I don't see why Dalot got a 7 he misplaced passes and overhit crosses everywhere first half, did improve but below average from him
It’s funny how Maguire hasn’t played since he made that stupid comment. “I must be doing something right to get picked each week”.
mata is no 10 not bruno. bruno selfish player just look for goals
Golden oldies!!
Whoever says Ronaldo is the problem at the club needs their eyes testing or you need to lay of the weed without Ronaldo we would be bottom of the table man of the match for me Mata played well aswell
No english players on the pitch and we win 3-0. Shock. Suuuiiii
Its because our  top player Maguire is not there ..😂😂
JAI MATA!! ❤️ What hurts the most is how far up the table we would have been, if Mata and Matic had been playing since Rangnick came in. At times it felt like we were playing 8,9 or 10 players because certain players gave up on us.
Ronaldo please dont go. the oldtraford with out  you is sad dead
The goat please do not go😰😰😰😰😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
Forget championship, forget that he plays for fulham, forget his last time in the premiership, if Man U sign Aleksandar Mitrović he will score buckets for them - surrounded by the likes of Bruno, Sancho etc, Man U need to be very tactical in their signings in the summer - my shout anyway.
What is football without Ronaldo one of the greatest of all time this guy a legend for real
27:45 That's just stupid Mark, come on, it was a decent game, nothing more
Mark I get what you mean about possession but Bruno also played well and was part of this. Give him his due, he kept possession so be happy about him showing room for growth, don’t just criticize and try say he “didn’t play”. I get your point but it’s annoying now
I can hear Ricky now!  😂😂
Ten hag needs to sort this team out and we need to give him time!
what happened to 4th place lol
COYG
Let’s hope once Elanga gets a bigger contract doesn’t turn into Rashford or Lingard when they got their big contracts and turned to crap
mark please don’t leave
What mark said was good about the team is what Ricky said a year ago about players holding possession better and wanting mata and matic as they use the ball better and Bruno and rashford being wasteful on the ball
What makes it even better because it was last home game with probably the best atmosphere over the years it was breath of fresh air after all the sufferings.
It was only Brentford
❤️ ❤️ ❤️ Mata ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ Matic ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Cavani ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Phil Jones ❤️ ❤️❤️
Ronaldo~Mata~Matic were absolutely balling in this game. Age is just number but Football IQ of these players is higher than those on bench. Bruno is not no 10 in possession based system.
Wonderful game but we need to win 🏆 and need to spend big this summer
Ronaldo will stay with united Whether united qualify for ucl or not  he is still doing his things and ten hag can rebuild united even with Ronaldo it's not a big problem
Mata played like he used to at chelsea..
Ronaldo can't be 37. He's lying. He plays and run like he's 24
Mata just makes everything tick
