Avery years maker Avery American can lozs job Avery people can lozs Faber  I Do now Big government can looking I Do now people can lozs job can lozs home can lozs family I Do now government faxed Novara before can now Avery can looking something  some
7:47...what the heck does the color of a container matter? A container is a container!
Support Lonshoreman and dockworkers.  Buy locally
The LDS church profited from this.
Let's stop buying things that we don't need just to put it in the closets, garages and storages. We can slow down the demand this way.
Finaly I got the answer, freights at US$ 20000 create too high incentive to ship as much containers as possible.
US wealthy investors are pressing politicians to block China, as most their products are produced in China. If China makes it into the US market any more then they already have US companies wouldn't be able to match the low prices and would force many companies into bankruptcy.   This would inflate US consumer prices for US companies, in turn more consumers would look to purchasing directly from Chinese companies cutting out the US middle man inflating US prices more and forcing more companies into bankruptcy and more job losses. Less US product consumers and inflation would cripple the value of the US dollar. Raised taxes for unemployment programs would inflate costs more forcing more to purchase from Chinese direct markets until final the collapse of the US dollar, causing riots revolution and civil war until finally the collapse of the US government.   Once the US dollar has no value the wealthy in America would be bankrupt unless they pull their money out of the US market and invest in the Chinese market. Which would also greatly impact stocks, global economics, and the value of the US dollar.   It's a sad unreversable picture our politicians and wealthy investors have painted us into but inevitably it was going to happen.   As technology advances with automaton with ai we are already moving towards this future, China's advancements have only hastened the progression.   Once there's no profits to be had the economy was going to collapse either way.   And if education doesn't keep up with our technology we still would had ended up in the same predicament, where as only highly educated would have careers in a high tech future.
Insane
Now, 1½ years later we KNOW that it was the abusive port workers that are union ( I am for Unions, normally) flipping off just EVERYONE and working in slow motion, on purpose. Also truckers quit; they could not get parts for their rigs. .....Next time???
"Americans" are all people who live on the American Continent, not just in the united states
They'll never catch up, they would also have to hire 20% more truckers.
Snooping.  Forced rehab and radical idiots on the far left and far right.  The shty bosses and long hours.  Hope it never fcking reopens til these scumbags give us privacy and decent rations in a private home without shty mechanic and insurance scams
How about a reality  check us consumers make up 5.7%of world pop  but consume 26% of world resources   if the fat lumbering  population  of your country stopped  consuming  so much crap there wouldn't  be a problem  . You are the problem  the mindless Americans
couldnt we just lower the standards of customs security and risk letting more dangerous and illegal stuff into the united states and make the companies like apple and fluke have to do recalls?  instead of even inspecting the goods we just let them in and we have a repeat of the tooth paste and dog food scandals.  maybe even lower the trucking standards by.  hiring singles from high school with real trucker riding shotgun teaching (ok dont stop on the railroad tracks).  normally to be a trucker you have to be married with kids and be 25 so wave the requirements.
Greed?
Biden admin caused it
Put the blame where it belongs. American consumers want cheap crap and that means imported. If manufacturing actually returned to the U.S.A., this problem would not exist.
The issue is capacity, plain and simple.  Network engineers have figured this out.  Whenever a choke point in a system reaches a critical capacity threshold, the length of queue behind that choke point goes through the roof.  Those backed up container ships ain't following a linear trend, folks!
Capitalism - YAY!!!
Maybe if the ports were owned by the shipping company then things would move faster?  No shipping company is going to want ships wasting time and fuel waiting to be unloaded.
1 million dollars in storage for a month that's over $32,000 a day good money when u got peopke by the what names. He should be charging them late delivery fees. What a con job, any judge would say this is illegal. Holding people products hostage.
One word: Newsome.
Ive got an idea that might sound crazy. But what if we stopped buying all of our products from china and went back to making our own products. Oh and we would actually have jobs in America again. its that crazy of me to postulate? Oh and the companies that are charging super inflated prices for shipping don’t realize that after you gouge people and put them out of business you will eventually be out of business when you no longer have customers to price gouge. Karma is  A ^%$^%tch!
ok, i blame trump
In my opinion  Really I think it started with a vote
Do you really believe that the delays are contrived deliberately by Bidens administration
And it’s not a trucker shortage issue it’s a loading and unloading issue I’ve spent hours on the pad trying to get unloaded while the crane is just sitting there doing nothing then the crane will pass me up go all the front and do nothing then go back then finally go unload me he did a bunch of nothing didn’t even reorganize other containers, They can’t run the ports
2:12 did he say fo shizzy? 😂
You understand its been 3years and getting worse.What broke the supply chain? Rampant outsourcing, financialization, monopolization, deregulation, and just-in-time logistics are the culprits. This article appears in The American Prospect magazine's February 2022 special issue, “How We Broke the Supply Chain
Democrats, China, and a crap infrastructure.
thanks joe biden
It is Putins fault….right?
Easy answer: incompetence- Our leaders main characteristic
Dimentia Joe has no answers. We need DONALD TRUMP!!!!
60 minutes in short supply
Huh???
Peopel are not working and its intentional its and election year.  They are trying to turn CA red by causing supply back log.
What caused all this?  Stupidity.
That's an easy answer... Back in 1972  the wonderful democrats sold our country out to China to get us out of a war Americans didn't want .. they basically forced Nixon into signing trade agreements sending out industry straight t9 china. The reason he was impeached Watergate was trying to get the proof... We were were sold out 50 years ago by an illegal political party that will stop at nothing to break our union
7] For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places. [8] All these are the beginning of sorrows.
Joe THE BIG GUY Biden. He's responsible for every decline in this country since the Big Steal of 2020.
The world economic Forum plan
We can thank this stupid idiot Biden for this for sure, if Trump was still in office we wouldn't be in this position for sure.
Looks like we need to go back to making stuff in America again!! Figure it out people!!
Classic. “It’s not us… it’s them.” The stakeholders said that this mess has been building for eons, but COVID-19 compounded and compressed everything. Unfortunately, it’s spilling out onto us, the consumers. The politicians are getting in their licks, though. They’re blaming everything on the policy decisions of the opposing party, and blowing smoke in our eyes. What a stir-fried mess!
This is why China released the Virus.
Price gouging to make record profits
Government prints, Americans click, World delivers the goods.
Way to go California
i just sent this report to 11 news outlets and all senator's emails on the hill
Who is getting most of all the business , you think people like Jeff Bezos might be in bed with the right government officials , I can see Bezos and Pelosi as a good couple , they have so much in common and Nancy looks to be Jeff's speed
Oh, boy
The reason without a doubt,  is cause we unfortunately have a Secretary of Transportation that is about as bright as a box of Dead light bulbs 🤦🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️
I came here to learn how to invest after listening to a guy on radio talk about the importance of investing and how he made $460, 000 in 4 months from $160k, some how this video has helped.
Joe Biden. Are you seriously questioning this?
I was shocked when I saw how little the crane operators are paid in these huge port cities which are very expensive to live in.  Most truck divers I know make a pretty good living depending on who they work for and whether or not they are owner operators.
If only folks shopped American made products...these biz purchase stuff from China...& you can thank your president for this covid BS... thus all the buying online...
All of this for a bogus election. Scamdemic!!
I can tell you why the supply chain are messed up in two words are you ready there they come “Joe Biden”
Sounds like somebody needs to make some more chassis!
Really?! The Biden administration!  I can't believe someone asked that dumb a question!
Trump was right Leslie! Ha ha fine journalism
What about the Durham Investigation... Huh Lesley? Where is 60 minutes now? looks like you've made the news, not reporting it anymore...... Your credibility is in the toilet going round & round.... I'm SO surprised @ 60 minutes. Wont be watching you ever again! But then. why would you care.....
The federal government can declare this a national emergency and take over ports.  They can fix it if they want to.
THE CRUNCH IS BECAUSE THEY ARE USING THE FREIGHT CONTAINERS TO TRANSPORT KIDNAPPED CHILDREN ALL OVER THE WORLD. THAT WHY THE BUSINESS INVENTORY IS NOT GETTING DELIVERED. THE KIDNAPPED CHILDREN CARGO IS TAKING THE PLACE OF THE REGULAR GOODS AND STOCK. WATCH THE MOVIE "SHUTTLE 2009" IT EXPLAINS THE WAY CHILDREN ARE KIDNAPPED, SOLD AND PUT IN FREIGHT CONTAINERS AND TRANSPORTED TO THEIR BUYERS...ASE' SMH 💘
*WHOA...*  Are you trying to tell me that this entire global supply chain disruption is due to shipping companies, warehouse owners, and truckers (Canada's Trudeau LOVES that one!)?  Or do you quite possibly think that this entire debacle may be a direct result of locking down the entire United States for nearly two years, quarantining TENS OF MILLIONS of perfectly healthy people, and threatening transportation workers with criminal offenses who refuse to be forced into taking dangerous, untested, and largely ineffective drugs into their bodies, including their own young children??  Explain that to me.
biden and democrates caused it
So the yard  are making bank! And guess who owns the yards?!? China!
If you didn’t vote for me then you aren’t black.
White people problems as suggested by CK Louis.........
@ McKenzie & Co.
Just want 60 Minutes to remember there was a supply chain crunch before the Freedom Convoy. They'll be pinning it on truckers later in an attempt to smear the peaceful protest.
The idiots who voted for Donald Trump destroyed the CDC team stationed in China to respond to virus outbreaks, caused the supply chain crunch.
WHY, doesn't the idiots wanting stuff moved, look at these posts and they could solve the problem!!!! HELLO!!!! These ( Truckers) Are solving YOUR problem.!!!!!! TAKE HEAD
In CA it was mostly caused by new environmental regulations by extremist leftists monsters (Democrats)  on the trucks that pick up containers..
Capitalism at it's finest. The system based on greed. Everyone gouging everyone. Nobody taking responsibility.
So why are container yards in Norfolk Va. Sitting EMPTY
The Biden administration and the Democratic party.
More propaganda!  Try telling the truth for once.
Bring me an empty container or two..I always need storage space but I ain't paying $10k for one. Sounds like a win-win..
Covid
This is what happens when Congress only supports CORPORATIONS growing food - they did not truly support the farmers. Now the shelves are empty. it is possible for We the People to feed We the People.
We have to build more ports, and a powerful AI that will reduce reliance on human interventions on the loading and unloading
The issue of supply Chain problems comes from the current policy of the Biden administration. He has made a deal with China(Satan) and he will pay the price with his Soul.
It is my understanding that one of the the reason for incoming shipping fees being so high is because the ships are leaving virtually empty. We are importing from China but not exporting. Is there anyone with first hand experience that can confirm or deny that this is true?
TWO WORDS ........................joe biden
CALIFORNIA PASSED A LAW AGINST TRUCKS COMING IN WITHOUT IGNITIONS NOT FIXED ITS ALL ABOUT GLOBAL WARMING CRAP WITH DEMS RUNNING CALIFORNIA LOOK IT UP UNIONS ARE. NOT HELPING
Why can empty go back to China?
What a shame the #1 modern SciTech leader in the world suffers from such a chain of stupid low-level mistakes/incompetency! It is time to overhaul the whole sector at the highest level, or the bad situation will only get worse to a point where ... who knows how bad it could be?
It's easy it's ....  BIDEN's endless Shutdowns and mandates all driven for political control.
No need to watch this....Biden
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN CORPORATE AMERICA SENDS JOBS OVER SEAS. IT'S ALL ABOUT PROFIT  TAKE IT FROM THE WORKING MAN.
YEAH LET'S KEEP UP WITH THE BACKLOG. THE WEALTHY NEEDS MORE MONEY!
I have an idea. How about people stop shopping so much.   America 🧐🤔🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
That's what happen when you consume more than what you can absorb. It's the same way with our bodies when we are overfed,  all kind of problems came. Cholesterol,  High blood pressure,  DIABETES, Heart diseases...
This happens when we buy everything from china, Biden needs to let the mall country to products from the US.
The railroads have cut a ton of jobs in the past few years. They helped create this problem. Now they blame others and play victim.
sounds like an excuse for people to not do their jobs... while making a ton of money from it.
we all need to buy American made products
This is all'so Joe Biden's doing
Its market manipulation. There is no supply chain crunch.
Simply put the politics ahead of everything then this is the end result.  Nothing new and nothing old.  Just keep paying your hard earned money to your elected politicians then been skewed 2nd time.
China is the problem
JOE BIDEN , UNIONS , DEMOCRATS = NO FOOD ON SHELF'S
JOE BIDEN CAUSED IT 60MINUTES WILL TRY TO BLAME IT ON TRUMP
But it was no excuse for some companies to price gouge and that needs to be addressed by President Biden ASAP STAT
Bidets admin is what caused this
God says I can show you better than I can tell you❗
The bulk of my he delays seem to b centered around Los Angeles an Long Beach, most other container yards maybe a day or two.  And yes I travel a lot doing repairs on ship’s automation systems.  Usually Marrakech, CMA CGM, and MSC
Ask trump he knows 😷
Call trump he knows why 😩
UNION IS HOLDING THE WHOLE WORLD HOSTAGE!  china already got automation for their ports, why is it USA don't have it?
Taliban joe must go
Maybe big industries thought that starving the peeons and taking their toys away would quieten down the peeons  it worked on the native Americans back in the day, so maybe it'll work today ?
The rich industries shut it down to wake us up, the peons making to much noise and demands on wages etc. Who cares shut it down
Folks get vaccinated & go back to work 😍
Ever thought about making things in America 🇺🇸 🤔 ???
I think it's called a vaccine mandate. So truckers gave their job up because of it.
Greed
Let’s go Brandon
TWO WORDS....JOE BIDEN
This show is full of crap
This was excellent
Let's try and imagine what would motivate a backlog of inventory , while demand pushes pricing levels up ,up, up? Hmmm.....
Biden,next question.
Look at the locations and in what States they are in, THEY ARE ALL IN BLUE DEMONIC-RAT STATES!
You guys completely forgot to mention that alot of people just get Costco for the gasoline that's especially in southern California . That is the only reason I have a Costco card because their gas is always 27 to 40 cents cheaper than other gas stations
I just saw on itunes that the package es that are on train cars the train cars stop at L A. at the train yards are breaking into the cars and stealing stuff that people have ordered hundreds of thousands packages .you can see all the package es that are empty on ground and the law does nothing that s your package es people!
Let's go Brandon
Someone knows who started this.  It didn’t start all by itself on it’s own.
Joe Biden says “I did that”.
This is all Biden……
This is Biden’s world…and people put him in office…
Man with experience…company’s will not hire..if they don’t pass..as goody toe shoes…now they turn down 1,000 of men down from jobs.
We went form the best economy to the worst is just over a year. Seems as though something changed to cause this. Best I can tell it all began on Jan. 20' 2021.  That change needs to be reversed in order to fix this problem before we are completely destroyed.
Liberal policies. Period
Let's go Brandon!!!
Democrats that were angry at MAGA hats probably taste like chicken .... Republicans will eat them ......
Um really Joe Biden u might want to let them no los Angeles isn't the place to unload. And to know every bit of it is no-good  just crap every bit of it
Can we make our own goods in the United States?
Well that’s what you get when they sent all our business in China
Easy:Greedy corporate America turned one of the largest manufacturers of goods into one that relies mostly on the cheapest bidder.
Joe Biden.
This is one of the reasons the shelves are empty https://youtu.be/0ugA-Hvjkp0
“Flooding in from Asia.”   The Glaring infrastructure problem in the us is that it gets most of its products from overseas.   The deathnell & the collapse of the US has already begun.
Start making products in the USA. No ships, no problem.
60 Minutes... brought to you by Pfizer.
This is the work of democratic leaders America last look at the real picture we the people  need trump back god help us all !!!
Of course stupid Leftist never blame on BRANDON their dementia Boss
There is makes sense because the IDIOT BRANDON in WH is playing with minors
So the problem can be solved by not buying from china it seems
Empty warehouses sounds like shipping companies caused this issue.
Results of not made in America.  What happened???
Now there are cargo pirates in la Lincoln heights .  People robbing cargo trains plus one train got off the tracks derailed because of boxes.   Crazy.  Plus when people are caught no charges made.
It's all about stupid corporate greed and imbecile politicians.
I know someone on inside they have ships   Being held  back in international waters exactly that far out for reason Biden want let them unload  so people can say what ever a captain told me this so
One word sums up the supply chain crunch. Biden.
Start making products in USA wouldn't have this  problem! Blame the big Businesses
California  new York  is it a great  surprise  that democrats have had a  big problem
We need to go back and start making in America.
If you have any questions about this problem  ask  Biden  why we aren't  sending  us products  to Asia  mainly  China
Wow there not really profiting if the are paying this ridiculous storages fees and raising fees people stop buying.
You know what doesn't get stuck at sea products made in America
Again the problem is joe Biden absolutely nothing else
Yes I can't the signals from hotspot or stop the use of the permission and files either illuminate grandmasters are suppose to stop the use of files and use of permission they don't Google don't fbi don't it's a mess
That's all because of unauthorized use of permission and files and middlesboro police department keeping me on a hotspot
https://youtube.com/watch?v=brw-jN9b-Sg&feature=share
Well as I see it it was a plan just like the middle east war to raise gas prices in the 70's. Corporate government.
Answer: Joe Biden!
Bobby is the reason this problem exist selling goods from China for more profits instead of American 🇺🇸 made, then blamed shippers.
Great episode.  Nice job 60 min.
One word - Laziness
Too many excuses..just get it done..
The powers that be...
How about stop buying from China...Theres only 1 person you should be pointing your finger at...Not only that I work for one of the biggest freight Trucking companies not only us but most Freight companies are slow now..Once freight gets to U.S.Companies dont want to pay shipping cost,that is also why alot of shippers are getting dropped from freight companies...Man shop locally..go back to the mall..
Workers shortage, lazy workers, didn't prepare.  Just fire the management of the ports.
Stop producing offspring. "oh, I have 8 children and cannot afford eggs!"  So gross, stop having kids you dumb fu**.  Most Americans can afford to lose some weight as half of America has heart disease and diabetes.......
So halfway through the video and this sounds like a deadlock issue that derived from an unknown source... is it just me or did someone halt the progress on purpose and just never claim fault?  As if someone's just wanting the pandemic to look as bad as it seems by stopping progress for a few days in one sector and gumming the entirety of the supply chain or something.
Just horrible
Well I heard when there's a log jam in the river you need dynamite to get the logs moving again in the river....what can be the dynamite or catalyst?
Once upon a time not so long ago  Tommy used to work on the docks, union's been on strike He's down on his luck, it's tough, so tough Gina works the diner all day working for her man She brings home her pay, for love, for love  She says, we've got to hold on to what we've got It doesn't make a difference if we make it or not We've got each other and that's a lot for love We'll give it a shot  Woah, we're half way there Woah, livin' on a prayer Take my hand, we'll make it I swear Woah, livin' on a prayer  Tommy's got his six-string in hock Now he's holding in what he used to make it talk So tough, it's tough Gina dreams of running away When she cries in the night, Tommy whispers Baby, it's okay, someday  We've got to hold on to what we've got It doesn't make a difference if we make it or not We've got each other and that's a lot for love We'll give it a shot  Woah, we're half way there Woah, livin' on a prayer Take my hand, we'll make it I swear Woah, livin' on a prayer Livin' on a prayer  Oh, we've got to hold on, ready or not You live for the fight when it's all that you've got Woah, we're half way there Woah, livin' on a prayer Take my hand, we'll make it I swear Woah, livin' on a prayer  Woah, we're half way there Woah, livin' on a prayer Take my hand, we'll make it I swear Woah, livin' on a prayer  Woah, we're half way there Woah, livin' on a prayer Take my hand, we'll make it I swear Woah, livin' on a prayer  -Bon Jovi
sounds like a case of pure Greed !
Joe Biden,who else!!!!
Joe Biden . There I answered 60 minutes question
Why can't we build a port owned by the federal govt to have a more efficient system therefore creating more of a competitive mindset for these other ports. They know they're making the money and know that's why they're not really worried about anyone else but put one there that outshines them then you might get somewhere.
Want to Solve the Problem?   STOP buying goods from China!  Obviously we get by Fine without it. I'm actually GLAD this is happening.  $3000.00 under Trump. $30,000.00 per container under Biden. This makes it Way Less Profitable to buy Goods from China.  Just Make it in the USA.  Better for Everyone.
What's caused America's supply chain crunch? ... Biden Policies and Inept Political Hacks he Selected.
Not letting you get access to your cargo, Not being able to deliver it to you and yet are able to charge you storage fee's ? What a complete burn that is '
All those people building bunkers in their backyards don't sound so crazy now. Blame it on the consumers don't blame it on the Dirtbag  billionaires.
We need to start manufacturing back up again in America. It’s obscene how much we import.
Not one word on how maybe the ppl that did this, did it for a reason where there life at the moment depended on it.  Instead two Karen's taking about how they didn't get their STUFF.  It's just that STUFF I'm sure those places didn't replace it.  We need to start seeing the value in Humanity the best thing on this Planet.... the media these days Divide and Conquer, hey your China is showing....
Asininely antiquated rules and folks on the dole is 99% of the problem
How much of the container freight clogging up the system is unnecessary crap people bought on a whim from Amazon/online?
60 Minutes kind of left us hanging on the idea that ports in other countries are light years ahead of us. How so? I work in retail and I keep hearing about our products are still on a ship so this story caught my attention.
You want a name to blame? Blame Louis DeJoy. When he took over USPS and CRIPPLED it, that gave HIS buddies in private shipping a huge leg up to charge essentially whatever tf they wanted to ship anything at all. A little time goes by, and now you don't have a happy Christmas. Louis DeJoy is the name of your pain, world.
thanks Biden!
Clueless Democrats, so what did you expect.
So many greedy US businesses moved to China and other Asian Countries to take advantage of low wages, no benefits and enormous profits, screwing our US economy. NAFTA made it worse. We need products made in America asap!
Well, to be fair, your Christmas gift could be stuck in a container on the high seas OOOOOR, the local carrier paid to deliver it to your door simply threw it into a ditch.
let me guess , before I even watch. Not Joe Biden's fault.  Let's go Brandon.  F you 60 minutes of lies.
Maybe if you give people who work jobs that transit shipping containers a “government tax decrease plan” there would be more incentive. But since you’re already paying them more off of unemployment they don’t wanna work. Make jobs desirable, maybe that should be the plan
It’s not the shippers that are causing the problem
This makes zero sense. The longer containers sit empty, the less money shipping companies can make.
Offshoring our industries to our enemies, what do you think........
"market gone berzerk"
Outsourced jobs, majority of consumer items including pharmaceuticals are now being manufactured in China, India etc. "huge profits"           "price gouging" that may be politically motivated by monopoly companies.
The elite and government hording for their bunkers is what’s causing shortages
This is what stupidity and greed looks like.  LOL
I see a bunch of lazy reporters who want to talk about problems instead of actually fixing them.  Everybody wants a gravy job.  Maybe they should lower the pay for reporters, and raise pay for people actually doing work!   LOL
Sink all those container ships and buy American for once, sure American products inferior, thank union labor , you ever try to fire a lazy union worker, ain't gonna happen.
Sounds Fishy.
California's Governor banned trucks made before 2011,  the number of vessel have remained the same as last year. Look at how many trucks are available to transport those containers. The Liberal Media won't tell the truth. In Oakland you can see there are no trucks to move those containers. It's not the ships It's lack of truckers.
Look for the money....
POV: Watching an episode on the back up of our shipping industry with everyone pointing fingers... Comments: Everyone thinking they know better by pointing fingers  🤦‍♂️
If this problem was given to PresIdent  Trump  he could fix this problem easy. Just saying joe did this .  Lets go Branden .
Problem with the USA is Americans are scared of change. Americans still living with 1996 technology while the rest of the world is moving up.
I blame Cali for epa laws.
Is Cali letting older trucks in Cali now
I’ve been saying it for years: buy American made products! 🤦‍♀️
Blessings 🙏 Jesus Christ Saves Souls 🙏 1st Corinthians Ch15 Verses1-4 KJV
This is the result of inflation, not causing inflation.  Inflation is caused by government monitory policy.  The prices of goods can change daily but salaries change annually.
Greed rules
UNITE THINKING THEY RUN E-COMMERCE WHEN ITS ALL MINE
60 Mins won't tell the truth
China's 'zero covid tolerance' is causing this. They want America to go bankrupt even further. And Joe is going along with that just fine. This is exactly why we shouldn't be relying on importing goods from China. I'm trying to buy a new pair of eyeglass frames, and I have no idea if the ones I like will ever be restocked.
call joe :)
For salvation, we just need to follow the way they did it in Acts? They were baptized in water for the removal of sins and filled with the Holy Ghost. Here's why! The gospel is the death, burial, and resurrection of Jesus Christ. 1 Corinthians 15:1-4.  If we are to follow him, we must do the same thing. Death= repentance, Burial = baptism, and resurrection = being filled and rising again from the dead. That's what Acts 2:38 is.   We must obey the gospel, 2 Thessalonians 1:8-9, in flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that OBEY NOT THE GOSPEL of our Lord Jesus Christ... Matthew 7:21-23, Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that DOETH THE WILL OF MY FATHER which is in Heaven. St John 3:3-5, EXCEPT a man, be born of WATER AND OF THE SPIRIT, he cannot enter into the kingdom of GOD.   We can't come up with our own gospel. Galatians 1:6-9, But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. Don't be cursed.   One way for all people. Jews, Gentiles, and Samaritans. Our salvation has to match up with the scriptures and no scriptures on the subject can be taken away.  Eternity is TOOO long to be WRONG! st, John 5:39, Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.   The gospels show what Christ has done on the cross for us.  The book of Acts shows us the beginning of Christ's Church and how to enter the Church, obeying Acts 2:38.   The letters were written to the Church to show us how to behave now that we are born again into the Church.   It's better to walk alone than to walk with a crowd going in the wrong direction.   Are we supposed to follow the teachings of the apostles? Acts 2:42, And they continued steadfastly in the apostle's doctrines. Ephesians 2:20, We are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone.   Don't get Titus 3:5 mixed up with James 2:14-26, about WORKS. One is a WORK of your OWN RIGHTEOUSNESS OR GOOD DEEDS and the other is a WORK OF FAITH OR OBEDIENCE TO GOD. One is letting you know that there are no Works we could have done to make Christ want to die on the cross for us. Romans 5:8, But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.  The other is about believing and being obedient to God because you believe.  Faith without WORKS OR OBEYING GOD IS DEAD. James 2:14-26.  Noah believed and then OBEYED OR WENT TO WORK BUILDING THE ARK.  Now that Christ already paid the full price for our salvation we have to attain it by obeying his way to receive it, Acts 2:38! There is no sinner's prayer. Nowhere in the bible in this church age does it state to accept the Lord Jesus as your savior and you are saved. Mark 16:16, he that believes and is baptized shall be saved. FAITH WITHOUT OBEDIENCE TO GOD WILL BE IN VAIN. God bless you!.
How did it start? What caused the blockage?..
The quest to maximize shareholder value by pursuing the lowest cost provider is the primary driver behind this.  It costs our business over $23,000 to ship a container compared to $3,000 in prior years.
Wrong the port terminal ain't open between 3am to 8am
This was all because of the shutdown of non-essential businesses.
That's bs during the pandemic when Longshoremen were sick many didn't went went to, and when the shutdown of non-essential businesses caused the backlogged of Container ships.
Made in America.
The move to make the rich pay their taxes.
Buy American made products. It’ll help our local businesses, our own people and alleviate this gouging
Let's go Biden... The corn pop running this mess
I want minimum wage of $25 hour otherwise I'll collapse the economy and get $75 per week 😁😂😁😂🤞💪
So who or what is being done about this?? Is reporting this and showing the public just LIP SERVICE?? Let’s go BIDEN,  not Brandon !!
The finger point starts at the president and all the politicians!! Gooberment RED TAPE!!
lol I was working that ship when they filmed this - Incredible A normal year we see 7 to 9 million TEUs and 2021 was over 21+ million TEUs we moved While we unloaded ships at record pace - the rest of the chain could not handle the sheer volume we sent them from the dock to their warehouses and rail yards.   Not enough chassis Not enough truckers Not enough space Not enough warehouse space Not enough rail yard space Not enough trains  Almost triple the normal volume.....who would be ready for 3x the normal volume?  Historic volume thanks to inflation and the demand for overseas goods
Look to this comment section if you're looking to be educated on all of the complex things that intelligent business leaders are up to by their low IQ, expert employees.
Everyone that is involved in not allowing the truckers to do their jobs need to be prosecuted  and pay a very hefty fines and restitution for causing this unnecessary dilemma.  They are wrecking every economy on the planet.
What about the rumors that half of the ships out in the ocean are empty and out there for political reasons? Also the fact that these truckers don't get paid while they're sitting out there for 8 10 12 hours a shift waiting to get loaded they don't get paid till they start driving. They need to be compensated for their time
What I'm not hearing is how long are US products stuck on boats, and the answer is - if it's made in America, it doesn't need to be on a boat in the first place and no delays in getting it to the stores. Before, they calim it can be made so much cheaper offshore, and now, while it might cost more to make, they are not paying excessive costs for about everything in the supply chain. Price gouging, and profiteering is making "made in America" the best thing ever.
It’s almost as if it’s some kind of wealth transfer
Too many independent companies with conflicting interest involved.
Ok..then why not federal-ize the Nation Guards in California and in the states with the main truck routes and get those containers moving . Put the soldiers at the ports and at the warehouses to help load and unload cargo . Have the military logistics and Engineer core clear land for the empty containers to be deposited .  Designate and enforce a right lane highway express truck route  in the states that the containers needs to be shipped through  and run the trucks 24hrs .   The federal government needs to declare it a nation security to the economy and have the military take over the operation from the private and local governments . The U.S. spends trillions on a large military and don't use it to benefit the  people , but yet , they can use the military to help other nations for photo ops . Smh
Unions?
Why is the west coast ports, 40% of all imports, so backlogged vs. the remainder of America’s ports?
Just another reason to shop for usa made products
The port is at fault
I don't believe there's not a solution for this that the federal government can't fix.
It's never been inflation..it's always been about greed!!
There are only 2 explanations for this mess: government incompetence and union corruption.
I'm only hearing issues not solutions. Totally unacceptable who in this video can demonstrate critical 🤔 ing.  This report is a kin to digging a trench with a spoon. Everyone seems calm and complacent they appear to be good with "not my fault" Epic Fail.
Brandon! 🤦🏻‍♂️
Nobody in the Biden Administration will fix this because to fix it goes against their grain. Their business philosophy favors red tape.
The democrats
Hope you go bankrupt Joe Budden Democrat
Good for you Joe Biden Democrat ordering your products from China I hope John and taxes the s*** out of you
Everything is made in China but the media keeps saying the US is the number one economy
Those PORTS are high paying UNION jobs
Elegant, intelligent, pretty, and intellectual. ... Except, 👋   just ask any Trucker.     🚛💥💨💨💨  . . . Dork commentator dude        thinks he is Dickens. 🤡
Does it ever make you think someone is trying to destroy small businesses??? Plandemic shut downs, new restrictions to return a container (based on color),, unused chassis,  supply chain rules,  hhhmmmm. Ruin small businesses and you destroy America!!!
Americans better wake the H up! importing more than exporting is not good,,, less American jobs & less pay,,,!
Is it just me or does this sound criminal?
Think about it this is one way to help solve some the housing issues in California, 3x3 containers, insulation, 2 windows, 1bth 1brd. Get them ppl off the streets down town LA maybe I’ll come back. It’s just logical that way, it’s too much finger pointing ok point them at me. Can somebody make this happen I’ll volunteer to help building up a structure for it. Sometimes it takes the voice of the Poor ppl in American to help solve poor ppls problems
At this point the Army Corps of Engineers should just take over or we should put a cap on what they can charge.
Even if the guy took maternity leave it wouldn't matter these Democrats don't get nothing right when they're at work anyway
I got an idea how about we just make stuff in America then we won't have to ship it in WoW nobody thinks of that. The first time when I was young I saw made in China or made in Japan I asked my dad why would they ship something all the way from there when we can make it right here. He was a really smart person but he didn't know the answer
They could just call me up! I have the solution!
We should buy American. That is the real answer. For too long companies have been seeking to save a few cents by receiving cargo from China. Not to mention lost jobs and skills.
US made products aren’t sitting on the Pacific. Maybe we should start buying/demanding US products.
I have absolutely ZERO sympathy for these ANTI-FREEDOM-TRADERS. If they weren't having their products made by anti-free people (YouTube won't allow me to say the truth) in third world communist dictatorships, none of this would be happening.
I've got a solution...By American made only!
Let's go Brandon. Praying the midterms bring us some sort of relief from this puppet installation of Brandon.
Don’t worry Twilight Bird logistics has a plan. American innovations has a answer. I been planning. Look at all clutter and chaos and no organization. I been researching this and have a fix.
No mention of the laws California passed that made Uber and Lyft drivers employees and not independent contractors that affected independent truck drivers. Also the the law that truck drivers in California have to update their trucks every three years. They keep saying they are 80,000 short of truck drivers and is not true they all left California because of the new laws
Anyone blaming the human workers down the line are heartless, soulless monsters
Seems like it’s time for our “Leadership” to intervene.
Let me guess Biden?
Interesting, if more was stuff was made in the continent we wouldn't have this proble, this is chinese addiction
KARMA
Industrial Revolution has turned into Industrial Hostage Crisis. This is what happens when you want less regulation. No regulations makes for great irregularities
Welcome to Freight Country!
I wanna To buy  a container house from China to Cameroon,  the price  was $7, 8k  and the  shipping cost 16 thousand dollars.  I read so upset that  I deleted the contact  of that supplier . That's a nonsense business to do I ever seen.
Chassis shortage
I doubt Buttigieg taking a weeks long maternity leave helped.
Perhaps hiring some of the tens of thousands of immigrants that are wanting to come into this country of ours to work and seek a better life will alleviate some of this consumer goods congestion???
Could it be they are dumping over produced goods in the United States?
Our U.S. Transportation Secretary will figure it out.  Oh, wait.  He's on maternity leave, breastfeeding his baby.
Singapore building a port eh? Start filling the trains and put time limits on them to get out of ports. Fine the ports as well. Its not rocket science
The hot dog supply is low. I could not get one at a recent sporting event. I’m guessing there’s a container out there filled with sausages.  Dammit I’m in pain. Will it all ever end?
So, those ports and rail yards are totally f - - - - - UP. Those folks are playing the fool, and 60 minutes is helping them. Don't be fooled. This is another purposely man made event to cause as much chaos as possible. Now who are the masters of chaos? If you guessed the dems, you might be correct.
Reinventing the wheel, the world has been doing this crap forever..has it all turned stupid.? Oh yeah it has, IQ has fell to the lowest common denominator the biden administration.
Can you imagine the human 2aste being dumped into the port due to the ships sitting in port for months? The stench has to be great.
Part of the reason for booking problems are union. I’m in imported grocery field, salesman from Japanese goods company told me port workers union is refusing updates antiquated systems that will lead to loosing their members job.  City owned, that’s the key word.
Time to bring back the manufacturing base to America…..
The Biden admin. is causing the crisis so they can all get rich while he blames people not working....BS...Just ask the truckers and they will tell you its the shortage of chassis. Dont believe the mainstream media or should is say legacy media!
aahh Logistics... they should call the armed forces ( think of D-Day and all the men and material moved ashore in  a short  period 0of time).
I guarantee our previous administration would have solved this issue.
What a complex explanation. I call BS.  Simplified, no empty containers are shipped out. Makes Sense? The US is importing more than exporting at a greater percentage than ever. Follow how fast exporting full containers enter the shipping yards before leaving. Quite a drastic difference. This story is just noise.
But the ships will not make any money when waiting 6 months ！！！！
Does anyone remember last half of last year they couldn't find a empty box ? Now they can't store them . So tell me again what's the problem . I say a Democrat white house and a Democrat state ran by stupid people . Out to rob the US people .
The common denominator is China. Stop buying from China.
all part of their plans.. this isn't anything accidental. if you think it is, you're dumber than you look and I can't even see you.
Buy things that were made in America and you won't have this problem.
I solved my Christmas problems by ordering NOTHING!   This year everyone is getting crypto currency in a wallet!  No-one is getting crap they don't need!  Problem solved!
Why are the train loads of loaded containers sitting in the yards? IMHO, I would say because it's more profitable for railroads, since they can charge storage fees. Make it illegal, and watch how quick those yards empty out.
This isn’t inflation and there isn’t increased demand. Covid lockdowns the world over caused this. There is a historic supply and demand imbalance because lockdowns destroyed the worlds ability to produce for several months. Shipping capacity is way down because ships are sitting for weeks so importers can cry about “price gouging” but ultimately there is less cargo supply than demand- so someone isn’t getting their imports and $$$ is how society figures that out. Passing a law to stop shipping companies from raising prices won’t do squat to increase capacity.
We had to wait till the end before we could hear the 60 minutes pitch line. "The federal government needs to step in and be given more authority". Unfortunately the problems that have led to this are not simply the greed of business owners or incompetent city councils. The federal government's own regulations and incompetence have played a huge role in creating this problem.
Perhaps it's time to manufacture products here in the US instead of importing as much as we do. Perhaps instead of sending American jobs overseas, it's time that American corporations return to domestic manufacturing. In just about everything the US CAN compete with foreign markets. The problem is GREEDY CEO's and majority stockholders constantly demand higher and HIGHER quarterly profits and for that to happen, they go offshore for cheap (pennies on the dollar) labor and then ship those "American" products back to the US to sell to the American consumer with a steep profit markup. Now, transpacific shipping companies know they have a stranglehold on both US owned businesses and the consumer and shipping prices are rapidly climbing up to and above to what the American consumer would be paying if those goods were actually "Made In America."
Old style media don't seem to have motivation to interview people who know solutions.
Vitamin D Deficiency youtu.be/_T6C-2FNy8I?&t=1434
what Makes no sense is that this has gone on for 50 years and develop into a massive consumption of printed money talk about a mess to have to clean up.
Aggressive capitalism!
Why hasn't Biden Fixed This
Time to build things here again.  The supply chain is broken.
It's a global supply chain problem, not just America.
That one guy asked for more Government... lol. No, we need less selfishness & greed. Why are warehouse workers making minimum wage for that back breaking work. Why are truckers getting squeezed on each load & at the pump & at mechanic shops & at dealerships... why are they being charged an extra storage fee... why why why all the way up the ⛓
What does this mean for truckers NOW? What does this mean for truckers once they say "Green Light"... ?
Lots of honest business practice being done. Between ppl in the chain skimming off the top to increase profits, passing business expenses to drivers, and freight contracts(detention) being outright tossed in the trash, I'd say it's looking swell in the trucking industry. Now I'm gonna go find a nice spot on the shoulder of a busy highway to park on since govt can't be bothered to ensure we have the basics to do our jobs!
Seems like an obvious failure of government.This is what regulation and rule making are for. I honestly don’t understand how the government is MIA on this.
60 Minutes = “I have been to Hong Kong and their docks are light years ahead of us”  Yeah what other Asian infrastructure isn’t light years ahead of US. 😅
But yet they can still sell knockoff Chinese goods on Ebay for 10 cent with shipping included from China
How come there are no shortages of cheap Christmas decor from China in all of the big box stores. Seems that there were no issues getting cheap Halloween garbage here either.
Cabal ofcourse
BIDEN wanted the Fall of America.. It was the Plan from the 80,s to get the people fighting against each other,, race hustlers,  judges not jailing criminals. homeless drug users let to run loose on the streets. THIS IS THE FALL OF AMerica China Russia and Iran could take America Tomorrow, they wouldn,t even need north korea.
If Yedi furniture would buy American
If we only made this stuff at home
How amount making stuff here in our own Country?????
Easy, a political American system based on globalism, liberalism , open borders which has made us dependent upon China
even the ships are social distancing
We need to quit relying on crap from China.
Boy no one seen that coming .
I say it's cause of overseas  manufacturing. Caused the traffic jam . With companies moving out of country .how else to get products delivered once was used by trucks in the US . Now it has to be shipped from overseas by boat . And then trucked
Printing Trillions of dollars of free money! The Federal Reserve Owns this disaster!
This is just a piece of the puzzle. America is to be destroyed, that is the goal of the deep state. The deep state puppet Joe Biden is printing trillions of dollars weekly and that is where the inflation lies. Insane amounts being printed while product numbers are going down, resulting in a massive inflation rendering the dollar useless. Some economics predict hyperinflation will hit America very soon, maybe even next year, and its going to be a crash like none before it. It is not a prediction it is an agenda unfolding and those who can see the signs such this one in the video and many others will know its coming.  Smart moves :  Spend your cash if you have a lot of it Invest in precious metals Have a peace of land to get away from cities , grow your food and be self sufficient. Another consideration is taking a loan that is not affected by inflation  meaning if inflation happens your loan does not increase with it, so   you can return your loan for basically nothing.  Stack up on food for Doomsday may come.
This "expose" clarified absolutely nothing.  I'm no more savvy after watching this than I was before wasting my 13 minutes.  Perhaps that is the real problem.  No one to blame, but plenty of fingers pointing outward.
The real issue: Companies still running their supply chain on Microsoft Excel.
Biden
Biden  is a zero
If stuff was made in america in the first place we don't need ships for transportation.
Folks you all need to prepare for the worst possible inflationary pricing on the store level. Get what you need now before you can't afford it!
Price gouging at it's best!
Containers aren't being removed from the chassis's. Basic accounting, is unload a ship, put containers back on. What isn't happening now at the ports that happened when this process worked? We can force the container ships with fines to remove these containers.I6:32 68% is profiting off of a disaster.
Imagine if we made more products here.
When a nation imports most of its goods from its adversary China.
Don't worry guys, I'll handle it.
I have a great idea how about government step out of the way and make the ports privately owned. I'll bet sh** gets done quickly then
I was glad to get 1 present. 1955 kid that I was. 1 wage earner, moms didn't work, per se.   I got a box of socks 1 year! Child whiners for toys? Not thankful to not get covid and to be alive? Put a sock in it!
Basically china is choking us out for profits
Let’s go Brandon
We don't need more "made in China" 💩...send them back!
The Real Problem...   Americans Ordering Jina Stuff...  Biden in Oct...   Buy locally andor Gift certificates!!!!
The government can easily fix this problem, but they won't do it because it's going to cost them money too. Damn Uncle Sam
Biden called and said they need vaccines. Vaccines will make the air in storage containers safe again.   For real though, someone has our country hostage. Someone wants war. Idk what’s going on but someone does and they’re not talking.
Amazon
Spend time with your family with good dinner and forget about the material gift this year people, life will go on save your money this year🤦‍♂️
Im kind of glad. Christmas is a day of celebration and reverence.  Not a day to dread cause all the extra work. Its the capitalists' dream getting people to buy buy buy.
Why not a company like UBER,  or LYFT get Americans that own large vehicles like vans and suv's with the 2nd and 3rd rows taken out, and have these containers offloaded to the ground in a secured lot. Pay these drivers of these vehicles to straight drive these orders which are usually in boxes to the various companies that ordered the product. I mean just get the above mention done until we get back to some sense of normalcy
If you guys can't see what is about to happen yall crazy just say goodbye USA
Our leaders really do want to try turning the U.S. into a third world country. Only if USA actually made there own stuff.
Needs to be 24 hour warehouses for required goods
Don’t pay millions 60 minutes, I’ll tell you the problem. there’s no chassis at the port, no appointments to return empties, so you can’t re use that chassis, and no one is willing to work weekends because you’ll spend all shift for one load, companies are holding containers longer than usual. I’m literally sitting in front of a crane who hasn’t moved in 30 minutes. There’s 20 trucks still waiting for their load. Ports won’t give you appointments to pick up containers and one day before the free time period they’ll give you an appointment. Now you’re rushing your driver to get that container before it goes on demurrage. The demurrage fee ranges from $150 n up, per day. So imagine you miss the load out on a Friday, your container is stuck for the weekend and now you hope to even get another appointment for Monday. You go inside the terminals and the terminal itself is keeping the chassis so they can put containers on wheels and charge the warehouse company extra.
Hire Mexicans to unload should take 3 days max
👎
This is what the Democrats do to get their way! Ever since that idiot Biden took office he’s done nothing but destroy our Country!  While we suffer they eat expensive meals with no care about the Americans! FJB!!!
Who caused America's chain crunch?  BIDUM
Detention pay is too low if you get it.
Tariff retaliation
Another indicator of the crash and burn of the American Way...
Greed caused America's supply chain crunch, corporate America pays THINK TANKS ways to extract more money from the global consumers, there is the answer to your 13 minute video, LMFAO!
You truckers don’t have no balls, truck drivers should go on strike for a better livable wage. If you go on strike the supply chain comes to a halt and the world will show you some respect
Communism inc
I'm a trucker.. this is compounded because of CA  insane over regulation of trucks.  Small trucking companies don't want to get trucks backlogged into this log jam.  Who wants to sit in line for a whole day making no $$?
Bidens work.
Since the beginning of trade, imported goods were always rarer and more expensive than that which was domestically produced simply due to the added cost of distance and time. However, China's commitment to growth at break neck speed produced a manufacturing flood that was never sustainable, especially once the shipping and trucking companies figured out how much money they were leaving on the table transporting all that cheap Chinese crap. The pandemic opened their eye$$$$ and good for them
*LETS GO BRANDON* *LETS GO BRANDON* *LETS GO BRANDON* *LETS GO BRANDON*
The potato head in the white house, and his ho's. Worst president ever.LETS GO BRANDON !!!!!!
The complexity of supply chains is beyond the understanding of any entity involved. Moral of the story, when you decide to disrupt the global economy by shutting things down there is no way to see the consequences to follow. So let's stay home stay safe and just order everything online😊
How y'all like your Capital society now? Just keep voting against your best interest and allow these corporations to rule over you.
An unintended consequence of outsourcing all of your manufacturing to China.
East cost is not having this problem so what gives? Sounds like we are being stuck up by the shipping mafia which is foreign and domestic and the federal government is doing nothing which means they know about it but officials are being bought off.
Owners pay the truck driver more.
Good reporting
J.Biden wont say that he immediately lifted all of Trumps Tariffs and restrictions on China that protected Americans from a huge Trade in-balance and from piracy. And so we have a flood of Chinese goods. Then he began to raise gas and diesel prices which cut into Independent truckers Profits so they cant survive....all to save the Planet from Climate change.
So true, terminals blame truckers for not getting containers out in time, yet they are the reason truckers can't pick them up. Seattle's T18 and T5 are a joke.
Please subtitles for the deaf and immigrants
It seems they have a very big problem with logistics. I hope this doesn't lead to a economic downturn.
corporations caused it. they need to fix it
Here is a fun fact. Let's take the iconic pair of Levi's jeans. To make that pair of jeans required a fabric mill to make the denim used in a pair of Levi's located somewhere in the US. The zippers and rivets came from another factory in the US. The thread that stitched the pieces of denim used to come from a mill in the US. The factory that cut and sewed all the pieces together used to be all located in the US. These were all American jobs from at the very least 4 different Mills and Factories in the US. Now a pair of Levi's is usually made in either Mexico or some South American country. You can multiply that across the country with all sorts of products that used to made here and it becomes mind boggling.
I am so surprised  such a country like  USA is facing such backlog of containers.  They must go to Chinese, hopefully  they can learn something in their harbours
I don’t recall these problems prior to Brandon.
TWO WORDS ,  JOE BIDEN
Hey I'm no genius but I just had the crazy idea to fix this problem!! How's about we make what we need here????? .....I know it ll coast more right?? Oh I know everything crazy cheap right now....duhhhh.
Quit relying on two ports and divide the work load
COMMUNIST CHINA, EMPTY SUIT BIDEN AND GREED ARE THE PROBLEM
Apparently parallel parking is the main reason for the cargo ship traffic jam. I think that would be easily solved by switching to diagonal parking slips, so what’s the problem?
LGB
What caused the supply crunch ? Liberals
I’m lucky cuz
everyone has a loophole to extract money!
That’s the problem the WHITE HOUSE. Use ships think use the ships to stupid the answer is right in front of you’re face Joe biden is dumb good luck 🍀 GOD BLESS AMERICA 🇺🇸
Great effort in this report this has been going on since 1985
Pete Buttigeg was too busy playing house and trying to figure out how to breastfeed
Didn't have that problem under TRUMP. Need I say more.
Hire more workers. Oh wait you can't, the BS long shoremen have everything locked down.
Follow the money it will lead you to source of the problem
He's really good
Lol, thats consumerism.. am so glad i dont partake in it.
It's not a container chassis issue either. That's a lie.  You can throw containers on top of flatbeds, strap and go.
He must be getting paid to lie to you.
And these companies should start saying we not paying storage fees my freight has been held hostage and force the port companies to do better however that may need to happen.
PLEASE READ! Everybody gotta make money right! Capitalism at its finest! I’ll tell you how to solve this problem. Companies that stand to make the most money from all this needs to take a tax deductible hit, offer the carriers 3x 4x what the usual rate is to move containers and every truck on the rd will be at they’re disposal. Also you want to staff these ports and warehouses. People want to enjoy what life has to offer so the pay should reflect that. Truckers can’t continue to move freight and deal with everything that comes with it and can’t afford to keep the truck in legal  condition. Insurance high, some of us have notes. 500 to a $1100 a week. Brokers and dispatch services. Maintenance is extremely high at the moment, the hours of service rules stand in the way at some point. Temporarily suspend hos for trucks moving containers. Like they did with the food. Shut down the scale houses I mean everything that stands to slow the movement of freight down, needs to be removed. Last time I was in California I couldn’t get a decent paying load offer. Unless it was going clear across the country. And with that, it still wasn’t worth it. Like these brokers offering 3400 dollars to take containers from the west cost ports to say Chicago round trip to return the empty but not factoring in that it’s 2000+ miles one way. The trucker/carrier will lose big time when considering all the associated cost to the truck itself. But if you paid $8,000, $9,000 dollars the interest to move containers will peak.. if I’m wrong I’ll except that. It’s just my opinion as a owner op struggling to get parts, and getting asked by multiple carriers who keep trying to recruit me as a driver, to come work for them and move containers. Which are extra heavy too might I add… it’s just an idea. To try and help don’t chew off head. The more trucks that break down and can’t get parts to get them back on the rd the worse it’s going to get so they better figure it out. Or the nation will be forced to adapt to living without and that ain’t good for commerce.
This is all insane but that rail yard charging that toy company for storage….because the rail yard has too many containers, AND won’t let them come get it is literally insane. It makes zero sense. They are holding that property hostage. What an absolute mess.
It sounds like America should open some more factories here in America.  dahhhhhh!🤣 The politicians are ruining our country with outsourcing.
I heard that the LA port is owned by China.
Politics
Keep on trucking shout out to all my truckers with love from va
Everything is from China, why not build in the US? In the UK? And in all the rest of the world?
Well gee! We didn't have this problem under Trump! Guess that's what you get when Demorats steal an election!
As a trucker, on our end it is called cheap freight.  Meaning they don't want to pay what is needed to haul their crap with all the costs going up for us.  So I just refuse to pull their freight.  Its quite that simple for me.  Yes there is more to this at the ports, but especially in CA, as a trucker, who wants to drive 55?  Majority of other states allow 65+.  You not moving freight anywhere fast at 55mph.  So I just don't go anywhere into CA.  AZ, NV sure....but CA I pass on going.  Plus their DOT are a bunch of hawks trying to find the smallest of bs they can to generate revenue.  Name of the game in CA is to take your money and waste your time.
Is the federal government in charge that's a terrible idea
I have no sympathy for any company that buys anything from China. They are using forced labor.
Buy American even if it costs more. It is worth it.
Time to buy a couple hundred acres and charge these shippers for storage
I work in the intl logistics business, and responsible Transpacific trade lanes. This is a very complex issue with one cause overlapping another. They failed to mention a few points: It actually started with California passing laws that required newer model trucks, etc... which drove a lot of truckers out of the business. Then the pandemic came along which added insult to injury. Also, the carriers cut each other's throats for years, and now they have a chance to make up all of those losses, so in no hurry to correct the issue. They could actually slow the ships down to give the ports a chance to catch up, but with rates at $20-$30K per box, they are moving as many as possible and as fast as possible.
It's Gang Gang, ask why the ship won't use other ports, knowing that west coast ports are back up. You won't believe why.  THE REAL QUESTION
Star making in America.
That's easy the Demoncrats did !!
Can you say conundrum? What a mess.
“Trump policy’s” why can’t y’all just admit that we need Trumps policy’s back ?  He had tariffs and he cared so much about shipping!!!!
The planademic is what the problem is .
Did you really need a 13 minute video? The answer is one word. DEMOCRATS
Make the stuff nearby and your cargo backlog problems are gone.
The problem is Communist China and Communist Democrats. Global reset= Socialism. Stolen Election.
Starting at the end of 2018, 310 Trucking companies went out of business.  (CBS DECEMBER 11, 2019) Trucking Bloodbath of 2019 Celadon bankruptcy biggest of nearly 800 truck company failures this year  (Business insider May 8, 2020) 88,300 truck drivers lost their jobs in April, and it's the biggest trucking job loss on record
Finally the truth comes. Thank You 🙏 60 minutes
Everything was working fine up until now?  Hmmm....why doesn't it work now?  #betterpayattentionandprepare
Lets not forget Kommiefornia's new regulations on owner/operator trucking. A lot of trucks CAN'T operate within the state now thanks to that piece of legislation.
I see the pitch here.  60 minutes at the end says "but in an industry dominated by private interests... nobody expects a miracle." Got it so I'm supposed to believe that if it became dominated by the public sector it would somehow magically become fixed.  So basically we need more socialism.  Thanks 60 minutes for clearing that up. In all seriousness, why can't there be a trucker shortage, and storage issue all at once? Seems to me that a storage issue would be a natural problem stemming out of a trucker shortage, which maybe was not the issue in early pandemic, there was no trucker shortage then, but now with volumes exploding to record highs, yes there is a trucker shortage. But you might say that if there was a trucker shortage,  then why would they turn away truckers at the port?   It's because they don't have storage and those truckers happen to also be needing storage, so therefore despite the ports unruly need for truckers, they just don't have what the truckers need, space for the empty.
Sounds like someone is gonna need all those empties moved inland, and they gonna have to pay full price to do it... then again if there are not enough truckers then that will remain to be an issue.  Nobody can "blame the truckers" but there still can be a shortage of them, and at the same time have other issues popping up as a result.
We have a massive dying middle class, we have an international pandemic, and at NO POINT does the show say, "we need to ensure national stability with domestic production!"  Instead they say, "We're gonna pay tons for Christmas gifts this year!" and "We need to remove local government's power and update our docks!" Gimme a break!
YOU  PEOPLE  ARE   'FAKE NEWS'   !!-------------NO ONE  TRUSTS  CBS / 60 MINUTES  ANYMORE  NO  MATTER  WHAT  THE  TOPIC  IS  !!
Quick fix find a yard somewhere middle of nowhere hire a container unloader divert empty trucks there offload containers when ports want them back charge them to bring them back 6 month a year later who cares get chassis empty its not hard.
The real problem is california, north and south. Hence the diversions.. sigh
The port is to freaken small for its purpose,,,it’s layout will create chaos,,,,,,
People need to realize we don't need 90% of the crap we buy.
I can save you the time, it’s Joe Biden’s fault.
Millions of crap for consumers to buy. Oh boo hoo! Maybe people should go back to the old days. Where they were never dependent of foreign goods. Because American businesses were making goods for other countries. As well as their own
I love capitalism 😂😂
To top it all off nobody wants to truck in California because of all the stupid regulations that the state has in place.
It’s caused by Californias crazy trucking regulations and AB 5.  Put many trucking companies out businesses and others refusing to even bother going there.
Greed has a price that we have not seen yet....but soon will....
Who is responsible of all these mess?  Trump or Joe Biden? COVID_19?
I'm a trucker and my only comment is that if a truck driver sits around for 24 hours making no money, no one cares, and this happens far more often than you could possibly imagine.
Everyone is trying to save a dollar. There needs to be a heavy overhaul of the entire system. Instead of cooperating to find a solution, all the private companies would rather blame shift onto the next part of the chain. Ports need to figure out how to optimize empty returns as a first step (ports with a demand for empty cargo containers should pay to have them shipped). After that is sorted, we can shift to the manpower problems with truck drivers and warhouse workers. A truck driver should not have to wait 10 unpaid hours to get loaded/unloaded. Raise wages, offer overtime, and broaden hours of operation to warehouse workers. Even this wouldn't solve everything but it is a start.
Why not produce and import the goods from Mexico? And use their ports?
A well told manufactured story to drive down trucker wages.
Get rid of the DOT restrictions like president TRUMP did during covid,,,but bidon is to stupid to do that
If chassis are the problem, then the solution would be to take the empty containers off of the chassis and set them on the ground. In doing so you free up a ton of space, containers can be stacked 3 and 4 high, and then you release the chassis to load full containers on for transportation. Hey, where would I go to sign up for that job. I'm certain I'm over qualified, but I'd like a shot at a job "overlooking the obvious"...
This problem will not get solved due to the extreme finger pointing. At some point rules will have to get bent to meet the demand. Overtime will have to be paid out as well. End the end this showed how our port system's are really trash!
I am curious, with all the ships with containers sitting offshore for days and weeks how many human trafficked persons have been found?  IF NONE THEN WE NEED TO GET THEIR HOOKUP FOR SUPPLY CHAINS!
Stupid regulations and greed along with low paying wages is the problem but yea lets blame the trucker
Keep up the good work Resident Joe Biden 👍 👏
The shipping giants such as Maersk and transportation giants such as UPS are making billions from this man made bottleneck.
That port authority should resign.U can't do ur  job and stop blaming truck driver.We don't want nothing to with port sitting  waiting,no food, no bathroom,massive waiting lines on and on at the end we don't get pay.I work for percentage not for hourly.I need to get my load and go to delivery without wasting time.
Why isn't this video all over Facebook and the news ?
Goes to show Union at their bestAnd that's Joe Barden's Union There the ones that put him in office
And I am a truck driver and my license was revoked by DOT and by Florida Department of Transportation And I'm trying to get my license back so I could get back to work but I can't do that because they're making life help for me I'm a diabetic I also have A CPep Machine that gives me oxygen when I sleep but I don't have no medical insurance to be able to see a medical doctor to be able to get me get me these things taken care of I'm also going to Jackson and I'm not getting the total assistanceAnd nobody and I mean nobody is giving me any hands the hands my own family doesn't even want to help me to buy soap where I could take a shower with or a bath with and detergent to wash my clothes with not even money to buy toothpaste oh yeah the government has given me assistance only on food stamp that's it what do I need to do
Bill Whitaker for Jeopardy host!
Retailers who buy from domestic producers aren't suffering this problem.
They really think people don’t want to work and feed their family??? It’s more of a pay problem, the gap between generations are showing in bright colors…
Buy local …. Be part of the cure not part of the problem.
that is B.S.
Buy, buy, buy!!! I want, I want, I want. American consumerism chant.
The "government "  did it ok I said it !!!      Now what ??
Oh, by the way... China is winning the Trade War!
This is what is I think is happening... 1. Ships bring containers containing goods. 2. Trucks collect the containers and ship to destination 3. Trucks return to the yard with empties at yard and wait and wait...   What I don't get is don't they make a rule that who ever imports stuff has to collect the Container.. "giant unboxi g"
What a clusterf ***! Anyone who knows:   when and why were our laws changed to make it cheaper to manufacture overseas??? Couldn’t we solve/fix this situation if  (most) goods were made here???
Its California's fault..lockdowns from virus and any truck year under 2007  is not allowed in the state...
Interestingly many people wants to purchase containers and is being charged a arm and a leg. They are some genius.
JOE BIDEN
fake news
The person that writes these puns should b shot n killed they r so bad its not even funny
"Deep flaws in America . . ." Stop right there.
Awh, poor wealthy elites being robbed by the issues they willfully created and benefitted from for centuries.  I'm so sad.
What caused the supply chain crunch?  The fact we have everything imported instead of made here (like it used to be).  Get used to supply  shortage and low quality, all the while Congress does nothing!
All I hear is China imports over and over. As a country we need to start practicing self reliance again and produce our own stuff….
There’s not much the federal government can do about the multitude of slow boats from China, and even slower trains from California ports to Chicago?! Tell that to Teddy Roosevelt and Harry Truman! For one thing, we can start making things in America again and stop depending upon China to make all our stuff.
The super rich screwing the consumers the super rich protected by the GOP
When An evil government rules a country the people suffer and wicked men rise to the top.
That sad I don’t what to say like come on that crazy lost words
They can inflate the price all they want..I simply wont buy their product. Period
The solution is to manufacture more goods in the US. I'm tired of hearing the experts say what we should do to solve this problem. It was the experts who helped create this problem. For years we heard the experts say we should manufacture goods in China with just in time inventory. Stop listening to these overpaid experts.
They're asking the wrong questions
That’s nuts
This CBS  report is nonsense.  Sleepy Joe must go!
BIDEN ADMINISTRATION is sabotaging everything...!!!!!!
California Democrats passed Assembly Bill 5 which outlawed 1099 employees.  Truck drivers are all mostly 1099 employees.  100% Democrats to blame!
This seems more like a tool agains China to threaten then not lack of workers or drivers but straight politics putting the thumb down on both shores. Before Frump it was in a way great and not. I could get things from China for 1/12th what it costs now . And it goes both ways where you can’t have drivers if no product gets delivered so it seems as if there’s a shortage on the US side . Big the ports down and starve China financially. China openly admitted long ago it wanted to dominate economically its even in their manifestos but there was always checks and balances that protected us now it’s just a cesspool full of characters we may want investigated.
Buy American Made goods🇺🇸
When things go smooth just in time works, it works not anymore. America needs to make its own stuff. Stop relying on China.
What is the point of manufacturing in china, and end up paying the same as if it was max in USA, plus bad quality. Move the manufactures back in USA. It’s a win win.
Nothing but a chess move
What caused America's supply chain crunch ? Answer : CBS
Can we say Newsome and California unions have caused this backup.  Totally on their shoulders.
The amount of reform and investment we need in the US means we’re never going to continue to be the worlds superpower. No one is willing to change and both political parties just wage a culture war and do nothing when in power. China figured out the future of their country was capitalism and has become an authoritarian state capitalist nation. They’re communist in name only, and the people trying to paint them as the next Cold War foe are just making the problem worst. We can’t compete with them with our current system of government. They’ve beat us at our own game.
Sounds like a lot of fingerpointing going on. It’s a manufactured delay.
BIDEN CAUSED IT
This is because the government has flooded the worthless welfare class with free cash incentives to not work. Hence they already on the system and we paid them and continue to pay them to suck off the system.
The two ports in Southern California are rated in the bottom 10% of all the world ports.  Why give such a poorly run state such a HUGE portion of waterfront that receives most of our cargo???  Divide California into North and south, give the South to a government system that has had economic success in other states, and see what happens to its economy and the rest of the country as a result.
Alzheimer Joe and his worthless admin did this.
Our government is weak n not push harder before our country collapsed!
Fast forward to the *solution* propaganda at the end of the video. Only the Federal government can fix this, they say. Brandon will fix it, they say. Brandon sh*ts his pants. He can't fix anything.
The price of containers are skyrocketing, and space is very premium. Shipping lines should add more vessels to cover the routes, but instead they changed bigger vessels to smaller ones and decrease the travel frequency. There’s carnage of shippers wanting to get the space on those vessels, it’s a bloodbath. It’s no wonder shipping lines are booking record profits in 2021.  20’ container from Asia used to cost around $1250 on contract, it increased to around $2000-$3000 at the height of US-China trade wars back in 2018-2019. I stopped checking earlier this year when the price hits $12000. Now the containers can cost more than the goods they carry. Unbelievable.
... They aren't returning the shipping containers because they aren't the right color to be picked up? Sounds like the wrong time to be sorting out the M&Ms when big brother is stomping down the hallway...
fat people
This type of services should be government owned. Individual owners will not upgrade the equipment and future development as long as current CEO can get more money for him/herself.
Brandon caused it l.
Vote Democrat, if you want the third world experience
Omg containers held up because of who is truly holding the process up
This video reminded me of the LABMC okay LANDC for you younger people. I cannot avoid seeing the overcrowding of containers without thinking of the East and West docks, bldg 113 during the month of December around Christmas time.
Wait, Mayor Butigeg, Secratary of Transportation, said it's caused by "lack of child care services". WTF. Seems like a bunch of lies. Incompetence and Corruption.
Joe Biden and VP KAMELTOE Harris and the evil, twisted DEMONRATS,  coming for the "renegade " next, you think you're mansion leading to water is you're trafficking ways and the world knows about it PRESIDENT from Kenya,  gangola TV news, obummer said that himself,  I'm the only Kenyan who became American PRESIDENT,  him and Michael were a deal with the devil....
This is what happens s when we sell ports to china and give them full control
Cranes not moving to unload ships
Follow the money...
Live by China die by China….
remember the North American trade agreement that started it all
Maybe we should stop online shopping.
So glad we purchased this years gifts and other needed equipment in Jan 2021 and before. We knew this would happen again, after O'Bummer and with "Let's go Brandon" fixing the election. Told the family in the summer of 2020 to buy only products made in the USA. Thank you  "Let's go Brandon" your presents will be coming a little late, Nov 8, 2022.
It's because we have a genius in the white house.
As of THANKSGIVING 2021, 118 loaded super tankers in the long Beach Harbor waiting to be unloaded.  As of today, these ships will not be unloaded until 2022. Good luck America.
Why do people need so much stuff to begin with?  lol  You people are hoarders!
Squeeze Everyone…..And Blame an point Fingers
That’s easy, the DEMOCRATS are purposely using their bureaucracy in CA to grind our logistics System to a halt. Carb emissions, vax card for all drivers even thought they don’t even get out of the cab. It’s never ending rule after rule.
UNCLE JOE B JR YOU WILL SEE THIS ALL CHANGE BY APRIL OR MAY ,THIS IS WHAT I WANT I CAN BLAME THIS ON DONALD TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, AND THEN MY BUILD BACK BETTER WILL TAKE EFFECT SO PLEASE VOTE MORE DEMOCRATS IN   SO I CAN  FINISH DESTROYING CAPITALISM. ☠💀☠💀☻☻☻☻☻☻☻☻B L M WILL HELP ME GET MORE MONEY OUT OF YOUR POCKET.
What's caused America's supply chain crunch?  The government.
Shop from home binge led to much increased shipping. Ports did not expand. Traffic jam. No extra space for more incoming container  to be stored before pickup by trucks. Duhh... By the way, Long Beach Port is operated by consortium led by Macquarie Infrastructure Partners that did not expand port. Too bad. Do we need all this stuff? I don't.
There are many solutions to this issue but everyone is to busy blaming the other guy.  Get the damn containers off the dock and send them to an inland port (infrastructure) by rail.  Let the inland port sort the incoming containers by location and send the trains to a secondary inland port (infrastructure) for trucks to pick the loads up and drop off empty containers.  Break the log jam up and it is easier to find a working solution.  This lets the ports do what they are best at, unloading and loading of ships.
Joe Biden did. He caused it.
Way to go Joe  Let's go Brandon  FJB
Biden  Next question please
Greed
and the gang is clueless
Meanwhile empty containers are washing up along the coast… a point ignored deliberately by this propaganda rag.
In Europe, they've asked retired truck drivers to return to work but I reckon we're not that desperate.
Another sign of a hopelessly dysfunctional country in massive decline.
12:00 its cuz were cheep they want to spend less and charge more ,, they all only char about whats in there pocket and not whats best 4 the human race!!
9:00 it almost like they r punishing ppl from profiting from chine  saying if ww3 happen it is ur fualt china had mone y ,,, u gready pig!!!   " we need to find a way to make it cheaper ,, we need good Margins! .. china over there saying ,, oo yeah we can make it cheaper ,, u want our plasic? ok ,, u give us money , ,we give u plastic 4 cheeap   u usa Teach us how to make it ,, and u not make it in ur contry ?? ok we make it hear cheap 4 u .  gezz ppl .. come on ,, is money that glorious
Stop buying things. . . ?
What did trump do about this problem during his four years? The same thing he did with the virus situation. NOTHING.
Excuse me but if USA cannot rule import/export trade what hope do they have of controlling  the logistics of a war  with with China South China Seas!. Recent investigation by Congress uncovered most of USA military failed to meet minimum standard( most less 80 % or  less).
I didnt vote for biden and it turns out that was the right move.
Biden isn't doing anything to help
Its the ports fault... and the Unions running them..  yu id.. iots
Yedi guy is a foreigner buying china goods... his mark up is the only thing suffering...
everyone of these people interviewed are clueless.   once mayor pete gets a more diverse workforce into each step, everything will be taken care of.  especially with 2 dad households getting 6 month paternity leave.
China finna whoop or a** 🤣
It called trumpvirus that broke our supply chain
Republicans are gonna have fun with Biden
Maybe it’s time to just stop buying that which isn’t truly necessary.
What supply line problems 🤷‍♂️, every store i been in the shelves are full and turkeys were under $1 lbs. Inflation i just bought a Ninja 10qt dual basket air fryer sells for $229 for $110 and got $30 kohls cash to spend on what ever i want. My grip is the ever shrinking package sizes, ocean spray crannberry sauce still $6.99 case in bjs but cans are 13oz when used to be 16oz so getting 1 less can. Tuna still 6 oz cans but now 4 oz tuna rest water.
https://youtu.be/Czwbyp0a_Ow
The port/container system was a mess 20 years ago when I was working as truckdriver.
They're laughing at everyone who believes this is unintended and even harder at those suffering the consequences of this strategic internal demolition.
Why dont we build new shipping ports along the great Lakes? Most of these communities located there would welcome the job opportunities
Bayyyybeeeee this a toxic relationship…
I wonder if any humans are locked in those 🤔
Game of idiots.
We stopped building our own ships with preferred cabotage. The solution is more AMERICAN built ships.
Let's go Brandon
No one dares say it.....Longshoremen
It goes to show how much we depend on china.i guess the only thing that's made here are babies
The California Governor is a Joke 🤣
Biden…
I hate how 60 minutes always need to begin with a personal touch to make it feel like an expensive magazine and give the impression that it was well made. It is clearly made for library ladies.
When I was a kid I see a lot of good that is Made in USA. Now almost of all goods are made in CHINA. We must not depend on foreign manufactured goods. What a disgrace!
A) Biden did
Thank you Biden
More employees, more warehouse holding space for multiple companies like a third party company/warehouse. No type of technology can fix this. More employees working at third party companies/warehouses that will take and hold items for the parent company. Food companies have no problem doing this, people buy more food than items daily
They are working slower on purpose to increase inflation.  All by design.
The reason of the shortage is, some part in every item  made in USA comes from overseas, and is getting stuck at ports for many reasons. And its all happening under Biden watch.
BIDEN AND DEMOCRATS
Ty for the garbage china.
We need to build more ports
Brandon!
Thanks Biden
Greedy rich people made this mess
This was done on purpose to raise prices...more fake news..evildoers
This ENTIRE debacle is caused by BIDEN. LETS GO BRANDON!!!
I think the moral of the story is Americans should buy more American made products... "Made in the U.S.A."
this is an epic jokE
Stupid President
let amazon manage and fix it
Too bad unbridled greed led to manufacturers closing their US factories and shipping it to China and other Asian countries.
Why is Murica buying from China.. Republic should be self supporting
Why do these stupid documentaries always have to have a human side to it by making a mini biography about some a****** we don't even know or care about, just show what the experts are saying.
Modern day war folks!
gotta start paying workers 25$ hr and offer 24 hr work with overtime!
Chyna.  Biden.  Democrats.  Liberals.  Need I say more?
Biden. Biden is the reason for the supply chain “crunch.” There you go no need to watch this video.
I guess Americans need to learn to cherish the time together at Christmas rather than feeding into the commercial holiday.
A perfect storm of corruption  --- our biggest ports are in blue states and we have a complete incompetent President and Secretary of Transportation.
Fox news said Biden caused this back log 😂😂😂😂😂 Fox news=Fake news
Did you catch it at the very end?  “local cities are not capable of handling the issue, so let’s have national government get involved and REGULATE.”  Let’s solve the problem with the problem.
Its all phony and made up, they wanted it to happen so it’s happing. “You will own nothing and be happy” all part of the globalist end game. They want control of everything. “They are not after me, they are after you, I am just in the way” DJT. When people figure out who “they” are we will be better off.
Captain obvious here with a clear solution idea. Buy American.
Not even a Hispanic soap opera has more drama than this " doc "
Made in usa sounds real nice now
Wait so pent up demand because of Trump's mismanagement of Covid-19 led to America going back to work with record salary increases led to inflation? And it's all Biden's fault? How about the 50 year low record unemployment numbers out this week? Does Biden at least get credit for that??
Melanson
DEMOCRATS is what happened.
The owner of Yeti Appliance he complained his warehouses empty he blamed it on the shippers and their gouging. What's happening is China cargo ships are not allowed to trade here anymore as per executive order in the 2020 November 3rd election fraud and China has everything to do with it any country went to November 3rd 2020 is not allowed to trade with America
Joe Biden , say no more .
You want to see things move...pay the people doing the actual work a good living wage!
Interestingly there was a time where we exported more products than we imported. Then came outsourcing. We have felt the sting of outsourcing for decades now.
Biden should be impeached immediately
fricken biden did,like gas crunch! then he swoops in like our great savior, america's not stupid!A HOLE
There are no ships to take the empty cargo containers out....let's go brandon
All those containers are empty
It's easy math and few people know. Bidens administration has retired fleets of our freighters thru epa mandates on fuel efficiency and emissions.   What it equals is that there are not enough ships to return the empty cargo containers....  It's that simple
40% of all supply chains are running on the Origin Trail TRAC blockchain most utilized crypto currency in the world.
Heres an idea... sell the containers = space = inventory flow
Let's Go Brandon!
I find it comical both 60 minutes and everyone in this video around their refusal to even mention the ILWU union. You mention the truckers, the port and the carriers but are scared shitless to mention the very bottleneck and foundation on who’s controlling the rate they control the number of TEU’s per hour. Or the how much they make and how little hours a day they work. Give me a break… 60 minutes is telling 1/2 the story here and it’s disgusting how much control the ILWU has on every touchpoint involved here. This report is a waste of time if you are unwilling to expose the whole picture. The carriers don’t own the terminals they have usage contracts and the majority of the money goes to labor. Educate yourselves before you believe everything you see on the internet. This struggle has always been in debate - nothing new here. And to use growth figure compared to last year during the height of the pandemic is Vegas math at best. Compare THIS year to 2018 and then let’s see the real picture. 👎🏽
the dumbocrats caused the crunch,high prices,open southern boarder,just a bunch of worthless goofs
Price gouging TrumpTurds!  Nothing to do with Biden or the idiot Trump.
This is "deregulation" for you. Free markets fix all!
because of the goofy regulations they have less trucks to haul out ,,, really goofy regs on the trucks on who and what can haul out !    quit being stupid peeps !!!!!!
Next episode……the semiconductor shortage
A blanket excuse...
It's Biden's fault.  Biden's an idiot. F-ck Biden!!!
Shutting the economy down duh
Sir we are trying to Bring your attention on an issue of an Expired dam "Mullapperiyar" situated in Kerala, INDIA. This dam is already in  the list of immediate decommissioning based upon the study of dams having a weaker and deadly dangerous working conditions, which has done by UN. As you know, the dams having only 50 years of working condition. But this dam is turns 127 years old and its in a bad condition now. The politicians of Tamilnadu state,they are the current operators of the dam. Their  government is playing pitty politics in this issue they don't care about 4 million people's lives. If this dam bursts, nearest dams also collapse and the whole state of kerala will be washout by mud along with 5 million lives..we are living in fear of death  day by day. our family, friends, and everyone  will die. The southern states of india will become a lake,  full of water and mud. Please you must put this issue before the UN committee.. save us you are our last hope. #decommissionmullaperiyardam  save us🙏🙏🙏🙏😢😢😢😢
This monopoly should be investigated by the government, plain and simple! These container companies are making money hand over fist! They refuse to allow you to return a chassis or container, but you have to pay a chassis fee and per diem fee per day even when they will not allow you to bring the container back!!!!! If this is not a scam I do not know what is.  In addition they are saying there is a Chassis shortage of course there is they are all sitting with empty containers on them.  The best way to find the issue is follow  the money, it started with the double and triple the cost of the ocean freight and then a cost of any where from 180.00 to 245. a day for the first 3 days a container is out and then for day 4 forward the daily cost increases, the business owner is paying thru the nose to one entity, the CONTAINER COMPANY. The government needs to  get involved in this robbery.
Went to the store today . No milk no cream no eggs no cheese nothing .
look how much money he makes and look how many he has employed pure greed
I saw a story on the Chinese mafia using shipping containers to smuggle people to the US. I wonder if they are finding all these people dead from the long wait times in port.
There is no   shortage . I work in a store and we have so much stuff we don't know what to do with this is all lies.. They cancel a truck a week
The long waiting times at fit port everglades and sfct in miami are making drivers look for jobs not port related this is not new they created all this mess for years
Easy answer: Democrats. California’s regulations make it impossible to move freight. Sure they’ll blame COVID and lockdowns, but think of it this way. All the ships waiting at sea came from other countries, other countries don’t seem to have a problem getting the products made, boxed, shipped to the dock, loaded on the ship, and shipped over to the USA. So why is it that we have the problem? If Trump was still in office, he wouldn’t allow this to happen. I bet y’all could go for a mean tweet and a $1.25 a gallon of gas right now
They need to construct depots inland that is connected via railway
Build all the Chinese crap here.  Like we use to only our crap was way better and now can be cheaper!
Need new port management.Blame everything and everyone except poor management!!!!
Maybe it’s just too much consumerism; everything being made cheaper in the East to make more profit for the retailers in the West Either start making the Stuff in the USA and give jobs to people in the country or stop consuming so much stuff and lessen all the pollution that it creates.
And the Chinese own a huge percentage of cargo ships, shipping containers and interests in the ports. America MUST become more INDEPENDENT. Secure our own resources for products made here and invest in our Country's  infrastructure. In other words BUILD BACK BETTER ! 💙🇺🇸
Remember how Trump was attacked for trying to reduce the trade deficit with China and push for more products to be manufactured here?  The reason this has been building is because we have allowed it to.
The issue isn't with the ports, the shipping lines, the truckers, or the warehouses. The issue is that there has been a drastic increase in demand in a very short time. The infrastructure isn't there. It would take years to build increased capacity. There is nothing for it.
Biden and his globalist handlers
19 hours shifts on LA ports. While most major Asian and European ports work full 24 hours and not to mention a lot of work is being automated and their ports are being upgraded gradually.
What caused the crunch u idiots voted for biden so its ur fault
I work in the home furnishings industry. Telling customers that I cannot have their furniture delivered until April and May is really hurting everyone. Our nation is in a deep rut
Sorry, I really believe this is all happening to raise the prices.
I think the port is the only one creating issue here. A bounch of lazy government people are useless to run the port. I will lay them all off.
Maybe just let Amigos driving the truck? They'll be happy with only 1/5 money.
Let me answer that question…because of incompetence and greed.
I have literally gotten every single package I've ordered on Amazon in 2 days or less. . . . . . . .
Globalisation and globalised supply chains are the worst things to ever happen. Self sufficiency should be our goal.
the report got one thing wrong.  the fed govt pays for around 1/2 of all dredge and fill for port maint. and development.
Zero action no trains moving no boats moving no trucks moving. No people moving...hummm
So in a nutshell he's basically saying capitalism is the problem. Am I right?
at 13:02 the dude hit it on the head. i live in freeport , texas. port of freeport to me is ripping me off. we subsidize thru taxes the port. someone needs to takes this over , spend federal cash on it instead of city taxes., my taxes and up grade these facilities. good comment on this from this guy.  infrastructure is slipping here. this infrastructure bill wasn't big enough but the right idea.
Brought to you by Unions.
America's supply chain was just fine before a bunch of dummies voted for China Joe. Go ahead and make up a bunch of excuses to protect democrats . Everybody knows why the supply chain is broken. Because democrats mess up everything they touch .
The chinese terminal in Long Beach which is the largest on the west coast, well, there are no trucks coming in or out, the other terminals in lLong  Beach all is good.
Joe biden and crew
Too much reliance on China.
Welcome to the world on unionized jobs.  Inefficiency at its best.
Happy Thanksgiving! Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Waukesha! Neillsville Middle School Neillsville, WI
What caused it? Lies, covid, a communist insurrection,  incompetence, apathy...should I keep going?   Build back better.
Gotta love capitalism
They are paying for all the American manufacturing jobs they stole, by under cutting domestic supplier's. Now it's unfair that the gig is up, well deal with it.
Capitalism at its finest.
TLDR: America is a mess and they can't stop b*tching and fix it together instead.
The total of the container crates needs to be distributed to multiple sites to create space and end the bottle necks
Good God man!!
Unions
The story failed to mention CA has laws only allowing certain trucks into the port. Newer ones.
Biden 💀👎 At fault .. just to raise the price on everything ...
(1) West coast unions (Biden Buddies) refuse to operate the ports 24hrs a day. (2) Vaccine Mandates. (3) Paying people not to work, truck drivers, etc. There's your answer in less than 60 minutes.
Short answer? Biden.
Only solution I see is reopen more production in USA! It would slow up all the container shipping from China.
Joe Biden next question.
So if you plan to downsize, dont.  You might never be able to have nice things again
Democrat regulations.
End result = punish everyone.   Joe Biden doing nothing about this lol
If this was all true then why does Florida have no issues in our port? It's because we have an awesome governor. And hes not sold out to DC.
As a truck driver I know this is a lie. It's due to regulations And also people not wanting to work. I live in Florida where there is no regulations and we don't pay people to sit at home therefore we have work to do. If you think I'm crazy come to Florida and find out for yourself. Don't trust what these fools tell you.   Also what the gentleman said below me is true, if if you are a local driver you're paid such little money that you cannot provide for your family. That's another reason why there is a shortage of certain trucking industries because the pay is so bad. I am a car holler and make good money but it took me a while to get here.
How about mismanagement ? Are special ramps for trucks to carry containers sitting idle holding empty containers.Why????Get them into service as soon as possible and get a new port manager who knows how to properly use existing assets!!!!!!
Think its really show that the capitalist connected world is weak and extreamly  vunerable to small changes. time to get back the factories to europe/usa
This is what companies do when they go over seas to save a buck made there ....
Anyone want to look at Trump’s tariffs policy in the past and the crippled post office as to whether this trade slump wasn’t market manipulation or a trade war failure?
They don't want to deliver  To a crooked government
Apparently Mayor Pete gave birth and had to miss a month of work. These woman have no idea how tough a pregnancy can be on the male body! Lol
Good video
It looks like NAFTA hasn't turned out so well for us here in the US. Bring back manufacturing  to the US for Pete's sake. I, like so many other Americans, want to see, "MADE IN USA" on our products. F China and anyone else who was responsible for this maritime disaster. We should be suing a lot of countries for this debacle. This is unacceptable.
This is nothing more than a "man made" shipping crisis. I smell a potential lawsuit in the near future. Greedy profits. Someone wants to TANK our America. Who is it?
Let’s go brandon
this is all the to squeeze americans, to create hyper inflation. They are deliberately attempting to break our will,  Biden/China did this !!! If you say no , it was covid then my answer is once again China and Biden wrecking ball admin is letting it happen. Yall better forget about toys and gather Food,water , Ammo, generators because not only merchandise but our food supply is in danger. the feds paid 4 to 5 times the market value to usa farmers to PLOW UNDER their crops and if they did not the farmers would loose their farming incentives. This is causing shortages in our food supply. during the onset of covid beef farmers were sent letters from Ag dept saying we are here to help you CULL your animals instead of getting them to market they killed off thousands of lbs of beef all the while IMPORTING meat during covid ??!!!  Listen, ITS TIME TO STOP BITCHING AND START EXECUTING  A PLAN TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AND JUST WEARING A RED HAT IS NOT GOING TO GET IT DONE ! They silenced our great potus Trump do you think they care about you ? The unvaxxed is the new jews. RIG FOR RED
This is nothing more than CARGO SHIP CONSTIPATION.
The short answer is greed.. Most people aren't being paid fair wages while the CEO's and others at the top of the food chain have more than enough to go around, but they'd rather pay people a poor and unfair salary so they can fly first class and live in multi-million dollar condos
Let's go brandon
Ocean liners are probably making record profit on the situation but they're not the culprit. While ports and stockyards are congested people should take a look at the aircrafts parked on ground in massive scale and the empty airports. The way that the modern world operate requires logistics in multiple modes, be it air, sea or rail to fulfill the demand of cross continent supply chain. Upgrade of infracture will not likely to happen overnight, until the travel bans are lifted and aircrafts back in the air this problem will be here to stay for a while.
LA LB will fine the shippers for any cargo sitting on the docks for more than nine days.  Wow, did they not see the previoius segment where the toy importer paid the fines for his cargo to sit on the dock and it just dove up his prices?   If you think the shipper will be hurt by paying a fine, think again.  It just passes through to the consumer.    Same with 24hr docks.  Check with the labor market first.  They probably don't have enough people to fill the extra shifts.  So blame the local  taxpayers for not investing in ports?   Wrong!! Most local governmental bodies pay taxes to keep their ports modern.  Look at the drag CAUSED by US Army Corps of Enginners.  Delayed projects.  Un and under funded projects. Studies,studies, studies.  Yeah!  Let's let the feds do it.
Wtf Brandon fake news 🤡
Biden and the Socialist/Marxist Agenda of the left. Thats what caused it!
Biden
Democrats
It's amazing to me that the ship unloading gantries is Oakland are sitting idle during this.
Joe Obiden
This is all BS. Corporate America is causing this mayhem to suck the money out of the rest of us, like always. You can not tell me that this pileup of goods is caused by shipping. This game of trying to shame Biden is a sick joke for the rest of us. America is losing!!!!!
The Democrat Party.
Omg 😳 this is  crazy
This is insane they doing this all over money 💰
Make products in America and there are no supply chain problems importing product from China and elsewhere! It used to be cheaper to make things in China and import it here to the U S. That model can't continue. China has us by the short and curlies and that has got to stop!! And end the lockdowns and mandates that keep people at home collecting unemployment insurance!! And it's incumbent on the people to go back to work even if the pay isn't ideal. It's the PATRIOTIC thing to do!! My parent's generation put it all out there and fought a world war to keep America going! The LEAST people can do today is go back to work and get PAID to work and help this country recover from the Covid nightmare. NO MORE LOCKDOWNS, MANDATES AND STUPID CRAP THAT CAUSED BUSINESSES TO CLOSE AND PEOPLE TO BECOME DEPENDENT ON GOVERNMENT HAND OUTS!!!🤬 The Government is partly to blame here, but we didn't know better 2 years ago. Now we do. Socialism doesn't work and this situation illustrates that in stunning detail!!
Of course we have an easy 800 billion dollars a year to invest in killing migrants in the middle east for no god damn good reason other than funding the military industrial complex but we ask for 17 billion dollars and congress acts like we are setting the whole country on fire. Wake up people. We stopped investing in the people decades ago.
Globalism at its best 😂
I don't  believe  what  the government  says..Republicans  or  Democrats..nor anyone  I believe in  God is  alive and well..GOD IS THE ONLY ONE WHO  SPEAKS  THE TRUTH..no one  else not  even  the government..first  the  covid  and  now  the  inflation  sure  blame it on the covid.  the  covid is a  men  made  disease and  the  devil is  behind it  now  the  inflation and  also the  devil  is  behind it  too..
China dumping it's garbage in the USA, and getting paid for it.
All  because  the government  doesn't want to  pay people  with a good  wages  ..that's why  workers  walk  out  the  price range for everything  but  low wages  doesn't  work  not  enough to support  fam with  everything are  so  high and it just  keep going  high..plus this is  the  devil  worshippers inflation..
I thought China owned the rights to the L.A port?
There’s something fishy here. I just don’t understand.
This is what happens when a country depends in china
Plain and simple "CORPORATE AMERICAN GREED!"  that's what caused it, don't blame anyone else, any other country, both Dems & Republicans-Corporate America sold the American people out!
Sent them back
Send it all back where it all came from!!!
Your gonna need a bigger port!!
Where is the Secretary of Transportation?  This is his most important function...
13:31 of nothing but excuses
Poopypants biden and his incompetence.
This is about concentration of market power, and liquidation of excess capacity for short-term profits. And NOW these same companies get to demand more money to "fix" the problem that their greed created.
I been calling this from the beginning the ports authority or flex port is wanting the money for improvements from the infrastructure bill and once they get the money, things will return to normal and they will pocket the money and not expand the ports saying there is no need to. All about getting a piece of the infrastructure pie. 12:24  tells you their intentions just listen closely.
ask s__t the pants biden
It all started for the Free Trade Agreement maybe keep stuff made in United States we wouldn't have these problems we can have to rely another country to bring out products in ninety-eight percent of all Walmart products is made in China
Berth 405 just like the eternally congested San Diego freeway!
Biden did
going down the road let go of the containers let him fly drop them off at state parks rest areas dump them truck drivers make deals with personal residence to drop off a carrier container but one of my backyard don't take them into the port don't go to the port with a container go there with an empty chassis throw the containers anywhere drop them alongside the road
the trouble is if the truckers stock workers and everybody all get a pay raise then all of the goods and services they provide will also go up and price and then when all of the goods and services they provide go up in price they will still be the underdog and want more price increase wage increase it is a perpetual loop and could last a few years until it stabilizes in the meantime government created chaos government created stupidity government corruption and also the dissolving of the United States corporation are at hand the president administration needs to be destroyed the future administration needs to repair all the damage and then they need to be destroyed the wealth of the rich wherever it is needs to be nationalized schools morals integrity virtue need to be reestablished but just like Adolf Hitler it will bring war and then needs to bring his death a republic form of government re-established
Uhh Joe Biden's STUPIDITY is what caused it. Period Stop
Joe biden
US Govt owned ports maybe? Could save on shipping overseas
60 Minutes has now turned into state run media.  What a shame.....Money over principles....I hope America finds her way again.
Perfect time to own your own tractors and trailers of all types and have your own authority!!!
2 days vs 9 days to unload?  Dormant Cranes?  Answer from Host:  "Makes no sense".  Also you two are awful close with no masks.....thats why you are wearing hearing and mic gear.
All containers loaded into supersonic ships.
Now all containers from LA shifted to Port Klang in one night. Amazing!
#PriceGouging @ it’s best is about to hit every state & every city in America!!!!
The piolet did not turn the boat....the tugs did.  Its like floating the empire state building
Stop buying crap from China!!!!!!!!
The Illegitimate Joe Biden and his totally incompetent administration (who celebrate their own ineptitude and stupidity on the MSM) own this 100%.
In the early days of covid, shipping companies dismantled some of their fleet to avoid maintenance costs during the pandemic. Many forget this. Look it up.
Buy American products. Buy made in USA. 🇺🇸
Make it in America Problem Solved.
#LETSGOBRANDON
Hey guess what ? If all our products were made HERE we would have no shortages. Give thanks to Clinton and NAFTA.
The problems are the UNIONS!! rail and ports.
I'll give you a hint,he has Alzheimer's,poops his pants and sometimes goes by Brandon.
60 minutes fails to mention vaccine mandates.  Many logistics workers are retiring early to avoid the poisonous jab.
China is winning 🥇
If the explanation here is correct, then it simply shows that US is unable to "control" the supply chain on container flow!!! Sound ludicrous for the best managed nation??? Champion on supply chain management??? Something is seriously wrong!
its because of biden
It's joe fault
The truck driver want to work when you go to shipers or receive and have to wait 8hrs and had an appointment time
Oh well how about block the borders  make it here
Greed, greed greed. It funnels down from the top. Once prices rise, they won't fall.
I believe we are under attack by China. I wouldn't pay another dime. I would tell China and the shipping companies to keep their products and their containers. Personal, I won't be purchasing anything for Christmas or for any other reason, until I can get it for a reasonable price. If these companies don't have an incentive to fix this problem, then they will continue to price gouge . If people stop shopping altogether, prices will come back down. It won't hurt us to go a year without Christmas presents.
This is the definition of a Cluster Fck.
This is price gouging, and it may be economic warfare.
We all know Biden is to blame. And for everything. Poor economy, inflation, high gas prices, southern Border, Afghanistan, supply chain crisis. Not even 1 year in.
Americans just have to accept high prices because everything if made in US could have costed even more. Americans have been enjoying cheap products for too long and forgot that they are capitalist.
All apart of the plan
Baron Harkkonen
truckers? And inefficient railways? Seems like a century ago
2020 told people its ok to be lazy. You will be paid more for it. Why Socialism doesnt work. Incentivise all sides and you will see productivity go up. Everyone put your head down and get to work.  I dont think more regulation is the answer that just slows everything up. Deregulation typically speeds up the supply flow.
Biden, that’s why
Let’s go Brandon!! Wake up people.. this is all intentional.
Capitalism
He is kind to call it a "bottleneck."  I'd call it a  "clusterf**k."
https://youtu.be/nb-IbcVo58E
As of November 21, 2021 there are now 110 cargo ships in long Beach Harbor waiting until the beginning of 2022 to bring their goods into the unloading zones at the harbor . how long before trucks are able to drive away on the California highways is unknown. No answers to all these dilemmas. The government has to run and pay for the long Beach facilities. Not the city of long Beach. They just cannot do it. The problem is way to big and complex for them to fix it.  It is what it is
MSM have lost all credibility... even a report like this can't be trusted
Leftys
According to most Republicans I've talked to, its directly related to no one working fast food anymore.
One word: Capitalism
Ships have to pay for high fuel prices so stop blaming the “pirate shippers”
More ships from Asia are going to be going to Florida. The ones already there are probably going to wait it out. Let’s go Brandon.
you live in a country that doesn't make anything think about it #$?
Stupid fool said The solution is federal intervention....
Liars. Newsome has the authority correct this problem.   Why doesn't he??‽?
How else is Biden and the Democrats gonna pay for those stimulus checks. This is part of the planned to slowly raise the price of living and trickle the cost down to the consumer. Free is not free.
California stayed closed for too long, that’s the problem. Savannah port has no waiting and it’s the third largest in the country.
Only  thing that can be said is “Let’s Go Brandon.”
Joe Biden is to blame
Watching this video just made me mad. I wish I hadn’t watched it.
You got a hand it to that Biden character he really knows how to organize this country and make it profitable and running like a well  oiled machine,,,,, Said no one ever
1 and only answer to all our problems....biden
Let's go Brandon! 🚶‍♂️
Well, It's not good news but at least it's honest from 60 minutes. Reminds me of what I heard when I was younger about "Christmas in July".
Having a President and administration that doesn't understand economics and the inflation we Americans are dealing with is only proof positive Biden and his cronies are ruining our great country. Vote them out
I MEAN REALLY ITS OBVIOUSLY CORRUPTION GOING ON, JUST LIKE DE JOY. COLORS, REALLY? BULL CRAP, so who changed the laws or rules? this is a single mans fault. backed by a group of men I'm sure. who is making the most money off this? who is set to gain control of the product flow after all these other companies go bankrupt? who is NOT BEING HURT BY ALL THIS?? YOU WILL FIND THEM.
Many years from now, when this is a forgotten story, we will hear about the billions of dollars a few people are making off of this while everyone else has to deal with the shortages.
This is why we need to make and buy in the US...
🇺🇲 American Corporations  years ago took their Manufacturing Businesses to China. So here we are with this problem tell the Truth Government this is what happens with your ," Globalization " of unfair trade policies and corporate greed. 🇺🇲🤫💰
That's easy....THE DEMOCRATS caused all the mess.
What happened to buy American Made and Buying local, so many US hypocrites stop all the guilt feelings shopping 🛍 shopping boredom, stop listening to shark tank billionaires on making products in China 🇨🇳 , Asia isn't buying our products or brining US jobs.
At 12:40 Ryan Peterson reveals all you need to know. The plan is for the Federal Government to step in and “solve” this problem. The same people that created this problem. Wake up America!
China.The end.
When people don't work things don't get done. And you print 9 trillion dollars you cause inflation
biggest trick to get mass under control.
Their nothing like watching greed distroy a modern world economy.
13:31 of finger pointing and no answers.  Just like the federal government.
keep voting blue you clowns
That's called highway robbery mr. Biden under your watch, not trumps  what is going on, you can't hide this.
China, Socialism, communism, and covid19 was just the start believe the conspiracy theories, they want to you to believe it's not true.
This is Biden's build back better !! Thank your local Libtwit voters! This is bullshot
Dogs: Bark Cats: Meow Idiots: ITs jOE bIDEn's fAULT!
That's easy, the resident in the white house.
" SOO.. THIS IS WHAT THE BRANDON ADMINISTRATION LOOKS LIKE???"
the Brandon administration doesn't care about trying to fix this.
That guy who owns Yedi has NO idea what's happening on either sides of the supply chain he is on. Jeez. How'd they let ignoramuses on this show.
Legal Hostage and blackmail of your goods  - I have personally paid over and over the (drayage fees) of up to $5000  and B/S custom fees of up to $2000 and than transportation fees  and if not paid  -- If you don't pay - well more drayage fees and penalties and verbal threats of dumping the container  -- WTF  - WTF- i have been on time  for documentation and still they find a loophole to charge some unexpected amount  -   i cant sleep at night
It sounds like Trump was right about getting manufacturing to be done in the USA, as much as possible. Sleepy Biden apparently has no clue what's going on.
War is inevitable.  Greed and power are insatiable
Solution the port should fine the shipping companies 5 million perday for 100 or more full containers that are not shipped out of port in 48 hours and 1 million Perday for 100 empty containers that are not reloaded on to ships when they are returned by a truck. That would make shipping companies pay the truck compaines more money per load to move the containers out of port, and bring empty ones back. and the crain operators and yard dock workers would also have an incentive to work harder if they were paid more to shift the containers. The only solution is to fine shipping companies so they loose money on containers been sat idle in the port other wise they don't care as they are making money off fining there customers for containers been sat in port .
Joe Biden. Lmao. Under trump we were thriving
This administration of Joe Biden, is the leadership of this problem, destroying this country's assets one by one, qq
Hope libertarians and Ayn Rand fans are paying attention and reconsidering.
America business and politics are CORRUPT ROTTEN  to the core.  The U.S infrastructures are millions light years falling behind that of  China/Asia....😁😂😂
It’s Biden doing this
Let's go Brandon...!!!
So Biden anddddddd Biden ok
Made in China is the part of the issue. Till then some of the issue will still continue.
How about nobody gets Christmas gifts this year lol
Sounds like products are ordered and paid for then the products are held for ransom. The Chicago way.. Pritzker did this with COVID PPE. Sometimes he just outright "confiscated" it then resold it.
Wrong container color...WTF? I get the safety issues that a container color might represent, but really? Repair the transport/port industry for these continuers or the port clog is just an excuse for more money in shipping line's shareholders.
Brandon
Let's go Brandon.
stop importing from China. orders from Asia . buy American made
Step one.  Dump every empty in the desert somewhere.
Joe Biden Caused It
The Biden regime evacuated Afghanistan quickly and efficiently, can't handle a few cargo containers? Ha ha. Created crisis. Trump could fix it in 2 weeks or less. FJB
Judgment Day began on May 21, 2011.
Byron
You could have asked the Transportation Secretary but he was busy.
This problem is being orchestrated by the Demonrats in Control of California. The state government imposed so many laws and regulations against truckers that they CAN NOT operate at peak efficiency. In the last 10 years new environmental regulations against Semi Trucks costed truck owners Tens of Thousands per truck to retrograde trucks to meet emissions standards. Out of state trucks without the upgrades are not allowed into the state so we cant even send drivers to assist with the backlog. Rules for how long truckers can drive limit the current drivers road times to the point they pull off the road and wait for the automated system to allow them to drive again. Vaccination Mandates caused many truckers to be straight up fired on the spot.  ALL of these problems were created by the Demonrats and they are 100% responsible for this problem.
Government can fix this in few hours but we all know that is not going to happen
“America is back”
Remember when they sold out our country.. Now the crisis they don't want to talk about it..
The answer simply is biden's policies and you want to spend 60 minutes on answering it. How ignorant.
Why can't someone who manages these trucking companies rent a crane and unload the empties onto another lot some where and use the chasis to get more full containers? I mean they are stackable after all. Is there a timeline they are allowed to be away from the port (rental fee, etc.)? Maybe that is too simple of a solution? I'm just an average consumer so I have no idea how the system was working before, I just find the whole situation frustrating because there's always only excuses. We got to grab this bull by the horns or it's going to be a long winter...
Lift the restrictions on trucks and we will go get the stuff from ports.  It's California and that's the bottom line
The so-called president and his cabinet are clueless and could care less.
The worst possible time to have fiscal idiots running the country. What can Kamalala or Joe possibly do ?
I am from Europe, shipping and port companies are absolute THIEVES and are now free to charge exorbitant fees just to unload. We are frantically trying to find a port master that is not on their pay list. We contacted the port of X in Europe to lodge a complaint, and the response came not from the port authority, but from the shipping company, mocking us.
If anything the prices should go down because there is so much crap.
Biden is what caused this and many other issues in the country presently
I got an idea stop buying Chinese junk! Break the panda.
Thanks Biden for your great leadership with this traffic jam👍
Mother of god, this mess is going to take forever to work out meanwhile inflation is going to go nuts.
#FJB
LETS GO BRANDON!
I just got done with a 20 hr vessel. Wtf am I watching this.  I don’t wanna see a chassis or box for at least 12 hrs
A very "POLITIC" presentation; skirting the TRUE CAUSE. China aside, it's the New Global sweep: SERVICE-SUPPLY-SIDE ECONOMICS, for which the Consumer will pick up the TAB. Couldn't destroy the Domestic Economy any better if one tried: CAUSE AND EFFECT. Just having a PROBLEM identifying the CAUSE. I mean, who in their right mind in this Country would desire this outcome?  Best argument for (RE)developing Domestic Industrial INFRASTUCTURE. Then the Chinese would have to find OTHER markets for their INFERIOR GOODS.  👎
Simple solution for future make it in America buy American
No sympathy for greedy  putting American manufacturing out of business
The  whole country is in caos. The Brandon Administration its doing what they planed
Elon musk would fix it.
buy local!
this kind of problem can be solved within one day ...pointing fingers? just follow orders, move!
Sad when even consumerism cannot assuage a materialist culture...this isn't even the worst of it
Biden. Democrats.
Here is a MONUMENTAL SOLUTION TO THE PROBLEM…. Start moving factories from China to Latin America, better workers, cheap labor , no more migration to the USA, cheap transportation ( Latin America is down the street) and what’s most important stop Chinas World expansion,
This is why Schneider wanted me to go intermodal so bad from NV. LOL nah. YOu want us to drive it? Pay better
This is a coverup
Handmade presents are the best.
hmmm ... A Federal plan to overhaul a nation's distribution usurping local city governing .. SOCIALISM !!!  we can't have that ,  Give me Libertay or give me Netflix !!!!
why?  because they can!  terrible position for us to be in.  maybe we should start manufacturing some of our own crap.  it should not be cheaper for us to make things in China and ship them to ourselves.  if a China made item is going to start costing as much as it would if it was Made in the USA...
I’m speachless
Don't worry everyone, Joe Biden will fix this... you know, once he remembers he's president
*Did this happen because they hired people based on their skin color instead of the most qualified?*
Yea well look at my native state, railroads can only run tier 4 loco's, same with truckers I.m sure. That limits you available fleets right off the bat. Not to mention only union drivers need apply. Gov't over reach as usual anymore.
Are the barge crews still aboard? Can they leave? Are they getting paid more?
Stop buying Chinese junk.
Asked my kids what they wanted for Christmas, and they replied nothing.
it is hard to believe that this crisis is not a political power play. We have the technology and manpower to do so much but can't get an item from point a to point b efficiently???
Once again CA screws up the rest of the U.S.
If the USA where not dependent on China the backlig would not be there. Start producing in the USA.
China owns the Terminals at the Southern California Ports... CHINA is Causing this Problem.
DEMOCRATS. That’s what has caused the crunch. DEMOCRATS! Destroying the USA.
It’s simple… The Democrats need chaos to exist. And they are delivering it across America. So sad!
Um, no mention of covid or the mandates that the people in this industry are refusing to comply too? The real question is where are our leaders, Newsom, Biden, Blinken....no where to be found for any solutions. Have a great Christmas Everyone!
Let's go Brandon!!!
Simple answer Joe Binden caused it all.....
Kyle Rittenhouse did
Imagine what its like to be one of the people being smugled into the U.S. in one of those containers.?  We all remeber stories of containers being discovered full of humans traffiked through these ships, does anyone think it magically stopped mid crisis?
China biden caused this fked up supply chain ! FJB.!
Don't even have to watch the video to know the reason. Corrupt politicians who sold us up the river to foreign industry going back 50 years or more. Kick backs in Washington hidden from the public. Corrupt corporations paying those kickbacks to get cheap labor and bigger profits. Nuff said.
"IT'S A GAME OF 'WACK A MOLE', LITERALLY." 7:51 smh.....
When idiot politicians shut down everything.  Simple
American greed. And not buying American made. I try to prioritize supporting local businesses and locally,ethically, products from small businesses. Women owned, veteran owned, black owned, native made products get my money first.
The most I got out of this is that every one is blaming each other but one thing that is consistent every business owner imports from China
Sounds like propaganda
No one wants to be a truck driver specifically  pulling freight of ports why??? Answer: is not worth it all the hours waiting for a pick at at ports and many drivers force to drive illegally a crazy amount of hours and getting pay pennies by the mile while companies make the big bucks on the drivers expenses.   Pay drivers a fare amount of money and don't abuse them and the problem will be solved  period.
THE DEMOCRATS VIRUSES AND THE LEFTS, CORRUPTION WITH DEMOCRATS CHINESE VIRUSES TO HURT AMERICANS.
GTA 5 baby.
i find it weird that business people are fighting fed inspired inflation, at the very least they should be raising rates at the fed's inflation numbers or what makes even more sense would be to charge more than it costs,duh. in 2020 the fed put 30% more dollars into the system, diluted the F out of everything. prices dont rise, purchasing power goes down. these policies only help people who use debt to aquire assets, which most people arent educated about.
Let’s go Brandon 🇺🇸
The warehouse shots remind me of my own workplace. 😎
Should have stayed Made In The USA instead of buying over priced Chinese made products. 🙄 🤦‍♂️
The FBI should probably take a peek at hunter bidens bank accounts??
Its like an artificial holodomor
What caused it? A bunch of crooks
Anyone want to explain to me why they can't take the empty containers off the chassis and stack them elsewhere so they can load up the new containers?
The Biden regime is blocking supply until more people are vaccinated. It's blackmailing it's citizens. Multiple white house sources have said this
we found this feat of parallel parking unparalleled? pfff come on man
Why don't they just use barges with some mobile crane boats to off load all this cargo.  It can't be that complicated to designate some areas and new drop off locations.
Well I'm just glad the build back better administration is doing what's right for all the middle class Americans. I have only felt good impacts from it all. I'm totally fine with paying 30% more for goods and services cuz all that extra money paid to the billionaires will simply just get taxed more. Then I'll get that money back. Un real
I survived the UPS strike of '97 which was bad. I worked for a large road feeder service and we were putting in insane hours and a nonstop pace. Literally as soon as you hung up the phone it was ringing with people waiting on the other end to scream for their stuff. This current situation is by leaps and bounds worse. Some of it can be blamed on Covid but a lot of it, the signs have been there for a long time. Antiquated systems, people burning out and not getting paid enough, dependence on foreign manufacturing. It's all coming to a head. I dont think we've seen the worst of it yet.
how didn't you mention the stimmys?????
Let's go Brandon
This is exactly how you tax people making less than $400/k a year.  Thanksgiving dinner prices expected to be 14% higher.
Quit being silly with all this Bologny  politics and covid and all the evil hands at play created this .  What else do you want to cover? Big companies knew about what was coming already.   Let’s move on and focus on actual changes that are needed now to Fix this.
It sounds like this crisis was created intentionally just to create price speculation on shipment cost...just think who's getting benefits from this...cargo ships companies by increasing their freight cost.... container terminal for increasing and charging customers storage and off course trucks companies...
One sentence:. Stop paying people to say at home and not work.  There, fixed it
bottom line stop importing from China. Simple.
good job you yube is free the title said 60 minutes but it was only 13......haha i said a funny
People need to stop been so materialistic. It's junk from China most with child labor stop the bs Xmas its about family not junk...
A business owner complains during hard times, a good business owner creates a solution for his hard time. These people complaining, are like the Karen's of the business world.
...UH... THE BIDEN ADMIN. THERE ANSWER SOLVED
But more importantly, TRUMP CAUSED EVERYTHING. MEGA STUPID.
Why???? 1. Government giving away free money to boost the economy due to covid. In turn causing inflation. Continuation of printing money made US DOLLAR worthless. 2. People think they can find a better job by resigning instead enticed by government free money to promote laziness. 3. Blame everything on COVID routine. Dr Boric from fort detrick and employed at UNC develop the virus after collecting bat specimen in caves of China relating to SARS in 2004. 4. Lazy Union workers at the port staging slowdown to increase work hour and salary.
A big money grab that's all it is.
Manufactured crisis has caused this. The suiez canal however its spelled debacle worked wonders on instilling fear and controlling the ppl.
I'd like to know exactly what the role of the local governments has been in this shipping backlog. I suspect it's big. 60 minutes left that out. I wonder why.
The USA needs to make everything we need!!!!!!!!!!
fo shizzle
The ppl who say "you can pay a little more to buy american" don't get it. In business if someone can make it cheaper than you, your out. Thats why there are no factories here. Your government has made it too expensive it can never compete. Trump fooled you thinking you can tax jobs into existance. Fun fact: unless you tarrif every country equally nothing is ever coming back here. He just taxed goods from the biggest vendor =China to help the Broke indolvent US gov. The politicians can't balance a budget so your livelihood will pay. Fun fact= Europe has a 25%+ blanket import tax. Never brought factories from China back. And the people hate it. He fooled you all.
Real journalism.
Biden's Mess !
We’re buying too much stuff.
Hold the debt ceiling where it is until they give up their entire agenda.  No compromise . Don't sacrifice freedom for comfort . Default is thier fault.  Hold the line till they give way
Politics did plain and simple.
3 to 8 AM yeah I wouldn’t want that shift
Why not move containers inland asap on train and have a centralized inland truck loading rather than having a bottleneck at port. Midwest has lot of land and workers
That’s just a drop in the bucket if you consider a conflict with China that is looming
So the problem I keep hearing is "I bought from China"
It’s called the on-time delivery system which was decapitated last year by world governments 👍
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DON'T INVEST IN YOUR INFRASTUCTURE IN A COUNTRY AND LET IT CRUMBLE AND GO DOWN HILL FOR DECADES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
QUIT BUYING CHINEESE JUNK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You know what this world needs right now? Airships!!
It's a plan...that been put in tp place..Wake up
Propagandizing a real issue with the lack of infrastructure in order to pump political agenda for leftist movement in the federal government. The cause of the supplies chain issue is a copious amount of dollars introduced overnight into our economy caused by federal government meddling into a free market (aka stimulus). There's twice as many dollars in people's pockets competing for the same amount of goods and services. There's no cabal of robber barons in the supply chain. This is simple Austrian economics, supply and demand.
What a mess!!
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU APPOINT THE INCOMING TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY IN YOU NEW ADMINISTRATION AND HE HAS PLANS ON TAKING FREAKING MATERNITY LEAVE THE FIRST SIX MONTH OF HIS NEW JOB. (PETE BUTTGIGG) BIDEN ADMINISTRATION KNOWS EXCTLY WHAT THEY ARE DOING AND THEY ARE DOING IT WEL! THEY SHOULD ALL BE HELD FOR TREASON!
BUY ONLY ITEMS THAT SAY PROUDLY MADE IN THE USA. I HOPE EVERY ONE OF THEM GOES BROKE!
Biden did he the one
I was told all of this was the cause of Trump's tariffs
Biden and his administration is doing this
Meanwhile, large corporations (most publicly traded companies) are reporting RECORD profits, RECORD gross margins, and forward guidance has never been rosier.  They're doing a great job of passing off all that "inflation" onto consumers. They're also great at firing employees using "inflation" as an excuse. Consumers and workers are the victims here.
As a Merchant Mariner I can tell you the people who work out at sea away from their family for 8 months a year DO NOT get paid enough. And their unions take advantage of them in every which way possible, and don’t even get me started on their retirement… can’t believe the media hasn’t blown that one up..
I don’t call out a bottleneck I called that incompetence you can’t tell me they can’t store these somewhere else on the ground ?
Me. I did. I'm sorry America.
Let’s go Brandon!!
The Biden administration caused this mess PERIOD!!
The ports of Long Beach and LA are not opened for truckers between the hours of 2:30 am and 7:30 am Monday - Friday  . I T S terminal in Long Beach isn't  open on Friday nights . Some ports are opened on Saturday during the day and no Sundays.  How about running those terminals  24/7 and stop with the BS
This is where I go to get the true story, 60 minutes. Right.
So what would happen if on a federal level a new state-of-a-art port was built on the west coast entirely funded on a federal level? So much land is on the coast of Oregon that I don't see why the feds couldn't buy it out and then drop 20B to build it and not only would it give the feds the room to maneuver around much more on issues but cut CA port consumption and the epic congestion it has both in cargo ship's and in road traffic. 🤷‍♂️
It’s disappointing that during this crisis, our Secretary of Transportation, Pete Buttigieg, chose to take the summer off by using paternity leave.
Sad
Somebody please do something!
Before this there were two cows born with a literal number 7 on their foreheads. Some great Jew deciphered the meaning. Part of it predicted exactly what is happening, down to the letter, down to the hour. Let the United States and the world continue to ignore the Source and the Cause for all of this, but they will continue to pay. No Repentence, no peace. They have studied the spirit at Stanford. As they study the spirit, and its energy, and know it, let them study the strange works of YHVH. But they don't! Under siege you will continue to be. No Repentence, no peace.
A corrupt stolen election.
Make your goods in the United States or North America if you don't want to have supply problems, then. All most of these companies do is resell Chinese goods that they bought for cheaper. Thats their business model.
It seems local government is benefiting from this chaos.  A new way to get revenue ......
Haha. Every person blames someone else. It’s always someone else’s fault 🙄
America DO NOT produce.
Solution: Don't buy non-essential items that have to be shipped into the country. I'm happy to have nothing under the Xmas tree that I don't need.
6:45 There is NO SHORTAGE OF TRUCKERS! Go and see the lines! When truckers can't find a chassis any where in the city, how can we show up??? #blamegame
If they let us drivers charge them wait time after our appointment and they didnt load us like we use to they would get to moving but now we cant for some stupid reason….the ports stopped because the knew the government was ready to give them a hand out all of a sudden they are up and running with bidens money handout for them to do their job any other news is fake talk to a truck driver not these liars
It's all by design and we know this.
stop buying imports
I suspect that it is made intentionally - so that people would not order more from China, but would buy only, what is already in the shop. How is it possible, that US is not able to solve this problem?
" A I " will solve the problems fast ! The whole system is so outdated
The communist democrat dictatorship.  There. An honest and accurate report done in less than three seconds.  You're welcome.
THE GREAT RESET AGENDA.
Let’s go Brandon!
We dont give a flying crap. We dont need that cheap crap.
Why not build more container chassies ? ? 🤔? . .
The focus of the reporter is laser-sharp.
There is no driver shortage!!!!Im a driver there is too many drivers!!!!
lets go brandon! doin great work.
What ever happened to MADE IN AMERICA that's the problem 🤔
If the ships continue to sit, soon China will say, starting tomorrow no more ships are going to the US, they will go to other countries.
This  is   a big scam ,  fleecing of  America for  sure
I ordered a large piece of equipment from China in mid May. It took about a month to leave the dock in China, which was expected - they had to build it, so it left China in mid April. After a couple of weeks, or so,  it arrived in S.F. Bay. It sat out in the bay on a ship for over two months before it could be unloaded. The reason was too many workers were staying home living off of the tax payer money Biden & the democrat's are giving them not to work. So the ships backed up in the bay due to not being able to be unloaded due to a lack of workers. Which, if you think about it makes sense, the ship operator makes money by running the ship back and forth not waiting anchored. He loses money waiting at anchor. If he could get his ship unloaded he would have it done a.s.a.p. This is not just a problem due to the holidays, it has been getting increasingly worse ever since Biden was elected. The problem is Biden is trying to buy votes and popularity by handing out money to those who don't want to work and would rather stay at home.  A consequence of the Democrats printing more, and handing out money is soaring inflation which we all pay for at the pump and meat counter - and every where else. Any money given out is payed for, by all, somewhere else - nothing is free.
Too scripted. How can I trust this host? Seems empty. I’d provide more feedback, but I feel like I should be paid for more information considering the view count.
I want all the data. I just don’t want it delivered by, as the host puts it “empty shells.” It just makes no sense. Is it 1960?
I call BS. Still covring for Biden grasping at straws. Theres an ENTIRE vacant military air base, at LA port. Newsome won't allow construction. Millions of containers could be stored. But CA regs fees , insp's more fees more Inspns Taxes, & regs prevent its use. Trump was working on this prob . Like everything else Biden tore it up discarded.   America doesn't make/ export anything anymore. Where Trump was bringing back industry Dems shut down the economy. For nothing. They knew 82% of 5.7 B ppl are Asym too coof Dec 2020. Ships won't haul empty containers back to China. You can't blame them.  This is DEMs at work.
@3:35 also making products in the USA, Canada, and Mexico would be better than making everything in #ccp china? Good idea?
I'm going to have to watch this when I have time but I'm guessing they are just going to lie to make biden look better.
What’s causing all ur issues in America,,,,, it’s communist liberals like most of the news organizations, you will not win.
way too many people blaming way too many other people for problems
Ports own by China , everything made in China .. get the big picture?
What caused it is the current administration backstabbing everyone and doing nothing about it..that's what caused it
It’s nothing but greed. They sent our jobs overseas years ago then ship the materials back to the USA bc that’s  cheaper. Let the greedy pricks go broke.
People really should go check out Chief Makoi's channel to understand the reason behind this logjam. The actual cost of running ships. The part 60 minutes forgot to mention and the reason shippers are not just diverting to florida as DeSantis suggested they do.
This is not inflation this is one person is DC and his pen.
Joe Biden needs to be impeached.
Why . The reason is Joe Biden
Who gives a grab about China
Buy Made in America
Make in America
Warehouses are full because wholesalers hesitating to move so that can sell at higher prices due to inflation spiral. Good luck.
Joe Biden is a joke #Trunp2024
There is too much $ being made for anyone to stop this yet. When they feel they’ve gotten their fill they’ll fix this. Until then we’re all just pawns in their money game.
Woow.as a truck driver and contractor, the white house should issue an executive order to all related to the logistics to work togather including us or no salution at all.
People need to know solutions.
https://youtu.be/wAJMMJYgnSA
Who owns the corporations that charge penalties
All by design to crash the economy. Why do ppl keep thinking corporations should make billions plus, instead of paying a living wage, the CEO, manufacturing company can make less. Stop supporting multi trillionsirs
So I guess we're not gonna state the real cause?  (hint:  it's when we shut down things for covid and it created massive bullwhip effects in the supply chain + we're continuing to pay people 'not' to work....but I guess we can't talk about how the shut downs were ineffectual in stopping covid 'and' created massive supply chain disruptions we're clearly still dealing with)
People stop ordering for a few month then the problem will solve!
What caused it? The election of Biden and the Democrats. They hold a majority in both houses n STILL cannot get anything done
Trump presidency is a disaster
THIS IS AMERICAN CAPITALISM!
This is  purely a Politician created problem.  Its been brewing for years.  Add more politicians on one side of the political spectrum upping a virus for votes, the media doing the same for view (since fear and controversy means more money) and coupled with paying people to not work, then this is what you get.
All lies
All these people shopping on Amazon and Walmart are doing nothing but destroying themselves and this country. Let me give you a Hint. If it's made in China don't buy it! Every time you buy from China you help them buy weapons to destroy us. Get a clue.
They need to contact Chick-fil-A. They would have it cleared by day after tomorrow. 😁
thumbs down too many lies and wokeness
Ever been constipated. I mean really stopped up. It takes more than 1 trip to get it gone. Same thing here its not going to clear until its all moved and gone down the road.
Maybe this is a EYE opening reason to BUY AMERICA ~
What caused America's supply chain crunch? COVID-19....there's your answer.
I worked in Logistics until my head exploded.  Not enough truck drivers - period!
Ha what caused Americas supply chain problems....short answer   JOE BIDEN'S  ideology and  Joe Bidens incompetence....
Those that favor automation will say this is the best reason for automated ports and automated trucking!
America sucks. What else is new? I'm here. I'm American. We suck.
HUH      THIS   IS    INTERESTING  THANK you   for  the video
Everything made in America arrives on time.
China controls our ports! they been buying stakes for years. Nothing to see here!
Enviromentally it's a good news.  Less is more .
This is designed to allow  federal government to take over private industry.
The same verdict that's always in logistics! Mismanagement!!!
Humans. smh. Sorry, Earth
Just in.. The Big Companies have shut Santa Down!!
Im naïve to this situation, but why cant they remove the empty containers from the chassis and store them separately?
joey and the marxists dems are causing this bulls-it, and all of you brain dead that voted for the  marxist dems i hope you love them for the shortages and price increases this video does nothing to address this problem.
Greed, greed, greed..stop buying cheap Chinese made products
Here is a potential solution for part of the problem: the same way that business have separate shipping and receiving areas, we shall have LA LGB as receiving ports and San Francisco / Portland  as shipping ports, this way you fix the exchange issue and pile of containers in the port. Segregate physically a import and export port.
China has us by the balls. Simple answer. Whenever China decides to stop sending us product, our country will fall.
Let’s go Brandon!
Sure does seem as if the Country that's doing the Manufacturing Loading and initial shipping part have their stuff together better than the U.S. yet again.🙄 Smh
This is why Sony is having to fly in PS5 for the holidays sales season
Out of 350 world ports, soCal ports all rank below 320 thanks to unions! These ports a\have consistently refused to modernize or update. This ALONE is the reason for all backlogs. 60 minutes, tell the real truth! Your program is propaganda.
Why aren't they shipping out old containers to make room..
The host is good. He is like an expert forensic investigator. Great mind indeed. God bless you sir
easy! Joe Biden. Go Brandon
My dad owns a company that imports home goods from china. They are having to spend nearly $5M more this year for freight
Any one that wants to blame this on Biden needs to watch this and tell me just what could he do about it.
Liquidate the empty trailers. Pocket the profits.
Joe Biden list this as one of his acomplishments
This is all Trumps fault. Sincerely, Joe Biden
Bidens administration
This is a pure form of greed, no matter how you look at it, or point fingers at it! I will say that at 8:09, the mention of the lack of chassis for hauling the C-CANS, that is such a croc, all you need is a very small crane, that can be driven, and remove empty C-CANS from those chassis! And who is stopping the building of more seaports along the many miles off seashores? Your guess is as good as mine! As a former self employed worker in this great world, I will tell you that you have to spend money to make money, and you do not need to rape a person or company to make money! Greed is the factor here! Peace and love to all!
Maybe buy less Chinese junk?
Meanwhile, the U. S. Secretary of Transportation took a couple months off on maternity leave because he's a new mother.
People are being forced to vaccine that's why they are quitting if they need to move the shipment faster use the national guard common sense
This is a sad time in America - greed has destroyed this country
By made in USA problem solved LETS GO BRANDON LGBFJB
you can have DEI or you can have a functioning society. You can't have both
This is what happens when you FAIL TO INVEST IN INFRASTRUCTURE - ChronyCapitalism Is a Massive Global Failute
How is that US couldn’t foresee this? Some trickery to blame China cause US takes responsibility for nothing including its low wages and antiquated infrastructure. Trying to hurt China will only hurt Americans but of course US doesn’t GAF
It started because a bunch of lying cowards, panicked and over reacted to the the virus. If you are scared, stay home, until you lose some weight, not diabetic, etc.
This is what happens when you pay people to sit at home with nothing to do they go shopping online.  The United States of gluttony is getting what it deserves.
Buy American!! the job you save could be your own!!
The chump did get a clue you bunch of dummies
How bout we’re at war with China and they can’t sell their goods here.
It’s called democrats
Lies lies lies. All a big show. 60 minutes is THEM !
When you have so many people turning to Amazon and abandoning thousands and thousands of jobs in local stores going out of business and all manufacturing and production jobs going overseas this was bound to happen eventually. It’s dehumanizing greed and basically we deserve what’s coming to us.
You can sum this up with one word... one name... *BIDEN* let's go Brandon! Open up Florida's coast!
"..they can charge you extra, because they can..."     <----- Capitalism
Who cares if packages arrive for a fake holiday, those who believe should be celebrating for the real reason. Either way, America is behind the 8ball for decades in infrastructure. Typical America.
Coming from Texas, I haven’t had any delays. Is this just a west coast thing or am I just lucky?
Let's go Brandon
Its all Biden’s Fault.
Too many people want to be at the top, not enough people willing to take a pay cut. You are reaping what you sowed. Labour not to be rich, cease from thine own wisdom. Trust not in uncertain riches, for surely they will make themselves wings and fly away as an eagle towards heaven. The super rich are about to be....the super bankrupt. In Jesus name
Xmas was already only for the rich.  So I don't feel bad for them not getting as many presents
No sympathy for businesses that import from China.
Maybe a lot more people have died from C-19 than the government states. I don't believe 7 million workers have retired early or are sitting at home living off stimulus checks. Could they be dead?
In many ways this is beautiful.
Pay more that’s it
The usual whitewashing of the facts, as we've come to expect from the media. This is not symptomatic of COVID. If it were, this problem would be effecting EVERY port. But it's only hitting the LA port. 60 Minutes conveniently glosses over that reality. California has adopted Green New Deal type regulations that prevent truckers who don't have "green" trucks from gaining access to the port. Read up on the companies like Amazon that started shifting away from the LA port after that regulation passed. They saw the writing on the wall. This is green agenda BS effecting ONE port in America, because it's in the MOST LIBERAL state ran by climate change zeolots.
Maybe shutting down the economy for a year and artificially messing with already fragile supply chains caused all of this?
How about all the massive money printing in past year ramping up purchasing across the country overloading system. More money chasing same amount of goods equals inflation.
I guess I really don't need all that stuff.
Can't the National Guard be deployed to help?
Mexico is building a new canal to replace the Panama Canal to save months of shipment time via asia to the US.
S0 big a system that its inefficient and subject to grift~
The problem is america is a giant consumer not a producer
The answer is bide
Shame on all ignorant consumption. Hope it all sinks to the bottom of the ocean. How do you not experience the passed couple of years and not change your ways?
MADE IN AMERICA PRODUCTS DON'T HAVE ALL THESE TROUBLES. BUT THEN AGAIN, DISHONEST POLITICIANS SOLD-OUT AMERICA AND AMERICAN WORKERS A LONG TIME AGO.
Such a long presentation to skirt around the real two word answer.  Joe Biden!
We are importing too much junk! We were better off when we made our products here, we didn’t have any transportation problems then.
We buy too much crap from China!
The key word here is greed. Oh well, maybe next year. Not!!!
Simplified - Stop making goods overseas. Restore supply chains with automated manufacturing
I ordered a package from Thailand November 3 got it yesterday..
Wouldn't believe you ....will check fox news
Problem. Reaction. Solution. This is a manufactured crisis. Too bad we don't have any actual journalism.
That's easy. Joe "mental patient" Biden and the Liberal retards caused this.
This video gave me anxiety
What can I order made here.??  It's our fault,, no one else's
This would’ve never happened on DTs watch just saying I don’t need to watch the 60 minutes video to know that
Funny that they only went to the two Southern California ports, what is the situation at all the other ports? And if they are not backed up, then the problem would be California regulations.
Idiot capitalist: It’s not market forces Idiot capitalist: Literally describes market forces
Simplified answer the Great Reset. This is all by design.
Where is Joe Biden’s leadership in streamlining solutions for this problem.  Would this have happened if the Trump had won?  Don’t know, but a businessman would have had a clue where to start.  We need a WW2 style effort, with leadership from above.  We cannot afford to add more to the trillions that the Democratic infrastructure money, when they can’t solve this.  Also, one can hardly expect Democrat-damning coverage from 60 Minutes, can you.
"Fun Fact: Things Made In The U.S.A DON'T get stuck in cargo ships/yards!!!!" - This is often not true. Just because something is made in the USA, doesn't mean that manufacturer doesn't source their materials' from overseas. I have plenty of suppliers in the USA that cannot fulfill orders because the Tier 2 suppliers are overseas. Its a trickle effect....
We don't want to talk about it because wages are so far behind now. A living wage falls somewhere between $50 and $60/hr now. People have been sacrificing in order to keep working. More people are now able to survive easier by not working than by working. 14/hr is starvation wages.
Joe Biden's Economy #LetsGoBrandon -   The people "in charge" should have seen this coming - Pete Buttigieg is failing the public and so it the entire Biden Administration
This is what governments losing control of basically everything looks like; specially losing control of the monetary system, bitcoin will take them down, but all of these things like "supply chain" etc is THEM doing it, creating cars to justify their last few attempts to keep control of it all, or justify a war etc Once the people are distracted, who knows what else they will try before they realize they cannot stop the changes coming... Jeff Booth, author of The Price of Tomorrow,  says it much clearer, technology is by nature deflationary, and we have lived so far for the past ten thousand years in an inflationary monetary system, he money supply is inflated by half and people think their homes are going up in price, sure but NOT value.
LIARS!!!
The longshoremen works too slow! If there was no union there would be no traffic at the docks!
The Biden administration…that’s what caused it.
Ever given!
You're looking at the physical manifestation of all that stimulus
Every single owner operator I know won't run to California because of the regulations... They know they could make a ton of money but it's not worth the fines and strict regulations on what tractors and trailers they allow on their roads. I work for a massive LTL company and our entire fleet of trucks have to be California certified. We also have a shortage of drivers across the country. Boomers are retiring, people are starting families and are overworked so they leave the industry, and young people aren't joining the work force to keep up with the growth in shipping and the exponential retirements. Side note, the guy in the video talking about the empty trailers... You stack the empties and chassis separately... If a guy pulls up with the wrong color empty, he can drop it off at a yard specified for empty trailers and then he can grab a load and go make money and do his job. Logistics is not rocket science, too many desk jockeys running the show.
Was in Savanah recently, it's now the 3rd largest port in the US.  For some reason none of these bottleneck problems exist in the port. They are turning these massive cargo ships around in less than a day. That despite a huge influx of ships going up the river now. The majority of their port docks for cargo ships were empty. Same in Charleston when I drove up through there.  I read Home Depot, Amazon already saw this coming in LA-Long Beach years ago and own their own cargo ships and send them to the East Coast where things get moved out with no problem. There is an extra cost in fuel and going through the Panama canal but I can imagine it's worth it.   I've read the bottleneck issues in LA-Long Beach are poor union contracts, some dock workers are making $200k a year, so I don't think they're underpaid.  There are environmental constraints on what trucks can enter the port. Then there are rules on how much containers can be stacked and lack of rail infrastructure to move containers out if they can't find truck drivers.
Didn't California pass a law that prohibited gig type workers?  That essentially bans the independent trucker from working in California.
This is inflation and supply chain issues are world wide, its not  just the USA.
Just another reason why we need to start making our own stuff.
Let's call an Ace an Ace, and a Spade a Spade. The problem was created years ago when Union Labor, and Regulatory laws forced US manufacturers to import goods from China and other countries who are not plagued with either.  The up side of this, is that now these US manufactures will have to rethink their processes. AND, Americans will begin to get it into their THICK skulls, that CHINA OWNS US!!!
“MADE IN CHINA” is the problem ! How about “MADE IN AMERICA”! 😡
Humans cause it
Sold our manufacturing to China for cheap goods here. It’s our own fault
Short answer. BRANDON
The problem is easy to find. Follow the money. Its the container storage companies that have no incentive to speed things along who are making record profits. Dont blame the trucks, freight rates are currently stagnant and the warehouses and businesses and consumers are the ones paying the price (edited)
Buy American Products!!!
JOE BIDEN
Meanwhile the good news is that biden got a chocolate icecream at a local icecream shop.  Please disregard the gasoline prices, inflation, supply chain shortage, unconstitutional mandates, and swarms of random people receiving tax payer dollars at the border for breaking the law.
Whaddayamean,,,,, Democrat’s creation can’t get our guns so get supplies instead, eventually we will turn on each other
*It's The Democrat Party Gang that controls California with Marxist Controlled-Chaos Tactics, Covid scam lockdown created small business closures, supply chain disruptions, creating higher price inflation and the coming hyperinflation planning for The Demonic Great Reset.*
LET'S GO BRANDON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    YOU THINK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1-Closing buisnesses purposely to stop the Trump economy.  2- Rewarding laziness with bonuses like you do for single moms on welfare who have kids. 3- Put people in charge who can't use a can opener like Pete Buttaqueef and Kamala. 4- Punish American companies and buisnesses that enrich China and Russia and India etc
I didn't do it! It was like this when I got here.
Look at all the federal operatives below talking about nationalizing and control. No one with any sense thinks nationalizing this is a good solution. If you do, look up the strategic national stockpile. The problem is overconsumption and dependence on foreign products.
These ships are racist just look at how the container's cramed together. The Ocean also racist.
Who do you think owns these ships same bankers who sunk the titanic.
This is death by design our own Gov.
BIDEN! There i did in 1 word what you couldn't do in a 13.5 min video, told the truth........
What a cluster ____
Where’s Trump when you need him?
Start buying only American
Sounds like too much regulation, not enough reliance on market , and CCP plotting.
no one has come to think that we consume far too many useless items ??
Buy American. Stop supporting China.
fema camps bois theyre taking over
Maybe don't sell goods that you don't own?
Time for robotics process analysis (RPA) for their resource management software and AI/ML tools to reengineer processes. Then use actual robotics for the shipping yards.
Lesson: Don't import from China.
You should ask how many money the captain is making…. You will fall back knowing the amount 🤯
Bring factory’s back to EEUU …. Sounds very smart to me ….. but I guess that’s it’s no the solution??? Ask Biden he knows better for sure
these rail yards owned by mr.warren buffet?
the truckers are right it doesn’t seem to be a shipping problem. if you can’t move the containers you can’t unload. especially when you think about the fact that ship owners and crew are paid waiting, why shouldn’t the truckers? makes no sense. And could you please provide enough toilets
I work in logistics, even when things are running "smoothly" the industry has many issues. Mainly unreasonable/outdated/arbitrary rules, procedures, red tape and software. High expectations + high stress + low pay. Just asking for a disaster any time things go south. "There's always issues, it's a good thing, we won't have a job otherwise."
stop ordering cheap plastic crap from asia. problem solved.
Since the pandemic people are demanding better wages.
Solution is simple, skip  spending money on worthless stuff and all parties involved will stop their  gauging. Everyone in the system is making money but the end customer. Invest your money,/
The rich seen everyone getting free money back logged everything so everything costs more they’ll fix it when needed
Capitalism is killing Capitalism. Can You dig it?
Democrat did it, YOU all wanted Trump out so bad because of mean tweets. NOW look at what YOU have done.
it is a structure problem and NOBODY can do anything about it. This is how Democracy,  union and freedom  leads to . Chaos.  Demise of a fail states
Joe Biden is the reason.
So you saying there to much stuff that's why there is no stuff?
The problem is that these jobs aren't paying enough. If they really wanted workers, they'd raise wages.
It’s easy money printed from federal reserve takes time to work its way through system. Bush Obama and trump added trillions in debt that is still out there. When trump added 8 trillion people went shopping and bought from overseas bc we don’t make much here in the US. So what is inflation? The expansion of the money supply. Basically a secret tax from government to pay for things they normally couldn’t through taxation. This is what happens when power is taken away from people and given to government. People used to have the power in the form of gold and silver as money but we gave the keys to the printing press to the government. Now they don’t need us to pay taxes they can print the difference. 60 minutes is giving you the liberal version.
China Joe is The Root Cause!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Maybe Potatohead Joe needs a “SUPPLY CHAIN CRISIS” Czar, because he’s done “SO WELL” handling the BORDER CRISIS. 🙄
TOO MUCH RELIANCE ON COMMUNIST CHINA, and Joe is a BONEHEAD who is DRIVING UP GAS (energy) PRICES AND CAUSING INFLATION because everything is MORE EXPENSIVE to produce and transport.
To me it seems that it isn't on the carries. Seems like a supply chain management issue between the ports and logistic companies in the US.
Im chinese and i see that all infrastructure there are old and USA is broken and is running badly. Good luck with your gouvernment!
Don't despair! Pete Bootyjudge is on it!
So…….we pay…….for the disaster……is the bottom line. MAKES NO SENSE. AND THIS IS LEGAL PEOPLE.
Hey call trump see if he can figure ot🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Brandon
Amerikkka is a cash grubbing joke. The citizens pay while the rich 1% get richer. This government needs to end!
This doesn't seem like something that can be stopped or caught up to. It's water circling a drain, and I fear that someone working these sites will be gravely hurt as  this backlog gets worse.
Imagination
This is a good example of what happens when majority of the sectors are privately owned. They follow their own rules regardless of what the government or anyone else says.
America's, A Hostage Of Its Own Greed For Low Prices From Foreign Markets. Buy American, Support  Stateside Commodities, And Mom&Pop Shops.
Who else is tired of 'Made in China'? Make it in the US and ideologically similar countries. If you want to manufacture at a cheaper cost -  Vietnam, India, Brazil, Indonesia, South Africa,.... there are many countries to choose from.
China has full automation at their docks. USA has Unions that prevent automation. That is the issue.
The people in the supply chain don't get livable wages, heatlhcare, or childcare. Plus, no new workers want to enter this line of work because of the risk of computers/robots taking over their jobs in the future with no retirement (and wages so bad they can't save for it) makes the risk too high to invest their energy/futures in. This is the greed of an economic system that devalues the REAL workers that have done the most for "the richest country in the world."
Stop importing
Democrats
he should buy his own ship and pick up his own containers from the source country.
well, so they is "someone" un control!!!!FU!!!!
Why should america bend over backwards to import 100% of its products from China?  I don't see a need for these imports ...
Iam starting to miss Trump Administration already 😢,  welcome to Bidens America 🇺🇸.
Stop buying the crap let it sit and rot they want charge us to much for it i dont care if its goes to the bottom of the ocean
Biden
But yet and still some people truly believes that it's Biden's fault when the reporter was told it started during the beginning of the pandemic.
The billionaires ‘created’ during Covid had to get it from somewhere
The big question is how much of that $1.5 trillion will be spent on upgrading these ports???  Don’t answer that.  We all know the answer to that.
2 words... Joe Biden...
Nowhere to put the merchandise. All warehouses are full 2 the brim. All Store shelves are full & running over. BUT Things WILL GET BETTER. We must learn 2 B patient. Building Back Better will get better. MUCH BETTER!!
capital  B I D E N  baby!
Union Goons run those Shipyards using the mafia model...$65/hr for a Fork Lift Driver...Then Skinning Big $$$ off in Union Dues for Democrat Campaigns.
These companies need to sue these ports for charging them storage for their ineffective processes.  It's a type of fraud.  You will not let me get my cargo but you charge me for it.   They have no incentive for getting the cargo out, why would they ship merchandise when they get millions for not shipping it, the ports should be paying the people whose merchandise they refuse to release.  It's insane.
Bring back  "made in America"
Lockdowns.  Which were ALL illegal, breaking the I Amendmend.
Get ready for the Great Depression part 2. This is worse than I thought it was.
Thank you Biden. You inhererited a great economy and ruined it quickly.  Good job Dems
Simple. Made it America. same price after market force equalization
Joe Biden.
Biden
Government caused it. Not difficult to understand
Not surprisingly,  60 minutes protected the Liberal politicians who contributed to this; CA politicians who signed a law requiring trucks to be less than 10 years old to meet CA EPA standards.  Or the port only allowing Union truck drivers. Additionally,  Union rules on over time.  Or, how about on a national level, the DoT making Draconian rules on drivers making it harder for them to make a living.   This is a failure of leadership who spend time placating unions and environmental groups.   Fortunately,  Biden jack the gas prices so it's all good now. 🙄
Let me guess...you won't blame the Biden administration. Did I guess correctly?
Amazon.......
Naft and china suppy chain
All of our products come from China. We need to bring back manufacturing to the states. This is horrible.
that what happened when they voted to biden.
Biden did. China is weakening our country!
His initials are J.B. and he craps his pants daily.
How about California saying no trucks older then 2018 could be used to transport
This is one of the biggest lies told in America. The truth is that the trucking companies who have the port permits are not raising wages and numerous truckers/dock/rail workers are leaving their jobs. The corporations controlling all of this do not care because their profit margins are exploding. They have no incentive to increase wages to hire more people to offload/transfer the freight.  This is really so simple, I wish people would grasp this. No president is to blame here. What do you want to buy for Christmas that's not in the stores??? It's all here, now! What do we have a shortage on? This is such a media lie!
@5:23 I blame this on Biden and all the Democrats doing nothing to fix this.  based on his approval numbers and the 2021 elections, I am not the only one
Why don’t we try to build back better..... or we can ship everything to Mars and all have Christmas there!!!!!  No we really don’t have that in the budget especially after the stimulus checks went out?
It couldn't be so! But it WAS merry! VERY! He stared down at Whoville! The Grinch popped his eyes! Then he shook! What he saw was a shocking surprise! Every Who down in Whoville, the tall and the small, Was singing! Without any presents at all! He HADN'T stopped Christmas from coming! IT CAME! Somehow or other, it came just the same! And the Grinch, with his grinch-feet ice-cold in the snow, Stood puzzling and puzzling: "How could it be so?" "It came with out ribbons! It came without tags!" "It came without packages, boxes or bags!" And he puzzled three hours, till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before! "Maybe Christmas," he thought, "doesn't come from a store." "Maybe Christmas...perhaps...means a little bit more!"
You heard them.. They've been PLANNING TO ROB YOU ALL YEAR. However,  this is NO DIFFERENT THAN ANY OTHER YEAR!!! And yet.. Tens of Millions of SUCKERS will bail these people out via buying Billions of Dollars of worthless CRAP. Buy away Suckers, you're enhancing my Stock Brokerage Accounts.
Thanks jeff bezos for global warming and everone who shops at amazon
Biden caused it
We need additional ports owned and operated by the Army. There needs to be structure, accountability and harsh penalties for price gouging  on all levels... and we need to buy more products made in United States.
For almost two yrs now, the Totalitarian Left has done everything in their power to slow down the economy through useless vaccine mandates and locked down cities…gee, why are there bottlenecks in the economy?
Brandon!
The question should be “who caused the supply chain crunch?” and the answer is BIDEN! #LetsGoBrandon
Why this didn’t happened before under Trump
Doesn’t China own port of Long Beach ? No chips for new vehicles from China ,Seems like a conspiracy to cripple our economy . I don’t buy the narrative here .
This is the result of "Let's go Brandon" politics and their stupid administration to destroy the US in every possible way. Nothing is working and supplies nor the products can be distributed. The only focus is vaccine and destruction.
One of the customers should do is cancel their order shipments ..  Or start charging by the day a late fee for not bringing their product to the warehouses at the expected date ..  turn that rental fee into a late fee. 😂
Never have I ever seen a buck passed so many times in 13 minutes.
The seed of it all is the greed that sent, and continues to send, all our manufacturing offshore.
Root cause: Democrat policies. Everything else is a symptom of Democrat policies. The situation is not improved when California Democrat policies are worse than average while most Asian goods arrive there.
Well, that was an expensive experiment. And now everybody knows we don't need them.
Going fascist green is a major problem along with heavy regulations on trucking co's. Not to mention greedy port of L.A.. Lets go Brandon!
We can't get our toys and kitchen appliances...the horror.
Capitalism totally works and is very efficient.
Fed printing money!
Greed, just plain greed
where's Mayor Pete??
Chinese ports are run by robots. American ports are run by humans.
Everybody used and are using their stimulus checks to buy crap on Amazon
Hasn't affected me one bit and won't. Do keep throwing away easy to fix stuff though as it puts money in my pocket and actually does something to help cLiMaTe cHaNgE unlike 99.9 percent of the people demanding climate action now who do nothing.
Crippling Democratic policies.
California can't even fix it freeways. Good luck on them upgrading the ports or railroads etc. Ship it to anywhere BUT California!
Our democrat administration is the cause
First you intentionally create a problem. Then you propose the solution which is what you planned all along- the passage of the infrastructure bill and the federalization of the ports.
It’s really a big mess, but it seems nobody speak up or stand up to give a good plan to fix it
Let’s go Brandon
Ahhh yes! The blame game continues.
The answer to this question is obvious.. it’s Biden!
Let’s go Brandon is the cause of the “crisis”…fu€k Joe biden
Hey. At least there's no mean Twits anymore right?!  I used to carry containers untill recently. I know what it is to spent hours driving around waiting in long lines with an empty container to be turn around several times. I ended up making 50 dollars but after diesel I ended up expending more that what I make all day
It's a global problem but they tell us that everywhere else there's no problem
Wow absolutely unbelievable
Thanks Joe Biden :-)
Biden
Let's Go Brandon!
American’s ❤️China’s products.  America 💕’s China so much we are selling American properties to China.
11:28: Succinctly stated. The ports are out of space. They need more storage space. The gov't needs to step in to acquire more space. Then they need to build more ports.
Democrats doing dumb things!
And that is why prices are high. Government spending money is not the reason !
People - shop locally and give your business to American companies and small businesses!!!
Holy CRAP!!!   $14 AN HOUR ??  I was getting paid by General motors/Toyota/NUMMI in Fremont in the 90's for $13.00 an hour when Ford was paying $25 an hour!..I quit after 4 years there.
Love how there is no blame on free government hand outs resulting in no labor force
Nixon and Kissinger should have never opened the door to China. We are so dependent on China, our economy would suffer withdrawals without them
Flying over all those containers.. what's the bet there's another massive shipment of Fentanyl from China in one of those...
I own a retail company and can confirm everything in this is true. Please to all of those looking for presents, buy them now. Even before Christmas prices are going up. Not because companies are trying to rip you off...it is because the supply chain above them are trying to make more. The total supply chain has tried to make money during the pandemic but did not make what was expected. Everyone will be feeling it this Christmas.
Don't worry, it's transitory.
It looks like CBS News went out of its way to interview everyone BUT the men and women who work those ports. The ILWU is the union that staffs the ports up and down the West Coast, and they have been vocal about this problem. The ILWU local in the San Francisco Bay Area say they have port workers sitting idle and could easily be taking these cargo ships. Why won't they be diverted up there?
Keep shopping at Walmart and Amazon and buying cheap crap made in China and this is what you get.  I’m happy for inflation.  If you can’t afford it, stop buying it.
FRANK SOBOTKA LIVES!
Stop buying junk you don't need!!!
Biden happened
All I heard is Excuses
STOP buying from China...Make Products in America People...!!! Let's Go Brandon...👍
Never had this problem when things were made in America......and the quality was so much better.  We now have a disposable society where the junk we import doesn't last near as long as is filling up landfills.  I can remember when people got their TV, vac cleaner & small appliances fixed rather than tossed, not to mention the good jobs we had here.  Now everyone works for Walmart or Amazon.  Sad
Thanks to Sleepy Joe and his incompetent clowns...!!!
It wasn't biden so knock it off
Don't bother watching this video. Look to the comments, where all the experts know the "REAL" problem.
Democrats
Why is this only 13 minutes long?
I read an article about the crane operators being the problem.lazy-crane-operators-making-250-000-a-year-exacerbating-port-crisis-truckers-say
To see why the Long Shore man are on a slow down they don’t want automation $$$$$$$$$$$ more money for Long Shoreman
Inflation is reflected in prices of food, oil, gas and housing - not cheap crap imported from China, which is discretionary spending.
Try starting with the man in the mirror.
We do NOT need more/bigger ports. We need more manufacturing HERE.
If the supply chain is missing that many workers you've got to wonder where did they all go. Covid?
I always believed what the U.S.media's reports. However, for this America's supply chain problem, I am starting doubtful about their credibilities. If there is a supply chain problem,  it should be structural or systemic problem. It should have known years before and fix the problems. The port workers, truck drivers and railway workers all earn high wages. There is no reasons for them not to work or not work hard. Look at, In March 2021, the Suez Canal was blocked for six days by a stranded big cargo ship, hundreds of cargo ship was stuck on both sides of the Canal. Once the stranded cargo ship was removed, no problem then. Moreover, look at the container ports around the world, no supply chain problem. I think there is a scandal. In my personal opinion, this supply chain problem happens during the coroner virus pandemic. Most countries, especially China, Vietnam, Malaysia and Thailand,  manufacturing capabilities are severely interrupted. That has created a big shortage supply to the US. Why the US medias always say it is a "America's supply chain problem"? In my personal opinion, it is the US government propaganda because it wants to keep it as its own country's problem and it is not the other manufacturing counties supply problem. If those countries, like China, Vietnam know that. They may raise the prices or use it as a political weapon.
Lies lies and more lies. So the part that they removed railway cars and trains PURPOSELY and they are stationed in the middle of nowhere is irrelevant? Ask port workers and they will tell you the real reason. This is an artificially created issue either to cover up some or to make money from it.
Biden n his China buddies
No word on AB5???
💉💩
Retailers/wholesalers should refuse to pay 'storage penalties'.
Republican corporate donors are trying to drive up demand and recoup (price gouge) their pandemic losses and make Biden look bad also.Big business is in bed with republicans. Its either vote Republican or we get this. Republicans are purposely sabotaging the economy to get back at Biden. The pandemic didn’t help either.We need term limits,price control and repeal Citizens United ushered in by conservatives that allows unlimited dark money into politics. Republicans have corrupted our country big time !
There is no shortage of truckers or anything like that
Who? Biden and his Administrations policies. plain and simple!
this happened because truckers are quitting and some are getting fired cause they refuse to get the covid vaccine shot.   i talked to the people at Costco and they said supplies are slow because truckers are hard to find.  since they put mandates on workers, many truckers have quit. they simply do not want to get the vaccine. if you cant get the truckers to haul away the containers, they end up pilling up at the dock and the ships have to wait till there is room to unload.
Buy local.
Short answer: The Biden administration!
Well there was a truck driver shortage before Covid.  Now there is an even bigger one.  So either we start paying higher wages to truck drivers to lure more drivers in to the field, or we deal with it to keep shafting the working man.
How much infrastructure could you get for a 20 year long war?
Maybe Americans should stop buying so much useless S#!t
it's good for US, cause we are not sending money to China, anymore.
How is capitalism working now?
Or if you care about well written titles, “What’s causing…”
Democrats! Let's go Brandon
The Demonicrats
the answer is: the idiots in government. it's that simple.
Price gouging is nothing but market forces and capitalism. Don't complain.
Get Kamala on it. She'll fix it 😂
This all ballooned way out of control when Bill Clinton pushed for China's entry into the World Trade Organization (WTO) as a "developing nation" meaning that China gets every consideration, including the USA's "Most Favored Nation Trade Status". China joined the WTO in 2001, I believe. The immediate problem then and now is that China is certainly no "developing nation". We have been footing that bill annually with a minimum of a $500 Billion trade deficit with China. Then came President Trump who reversed the trade deficit. No idea what the situation is today.
Fun facts things that are made in the United States of America made in the USA Don't Get Stuck in Port
An unbridled hate for the Biden Administration. That’s what caused it.
This is why you should only buy American made products that's made in the United States only made by Americans for Americans if Americans only bought American made products only this would Never Happen
Media reporting as they are instructed
Boomers killed America. They never invested back into the country. It's not surprising since these people could careless about the environment.
All the workers are migrating
Maybe we should stop buying so much junk from Asia send it back
How freaking dumb can you be?!?! Rent a crane and stack the empty container, per color and free up the chassis’s!!!!!
OUR GOVERMENT in action .    There is plenty of so many ports all around the coast of America   SHOP AMERICIAN BUY LOCAL SUPPORT OUR OWN COUNTRY  F&^k CHINA  we have be set up for a fall.   Try encorcing the law.    YOU WILL OWN NOTHING AND LIKE IT LONG LIVE CHAIRMAN JO  chinas HO.    america being held HOSTAGE....LOCAL UNIONS HAVE THE POWER TO MAKE ANYTHING HAPPEN.  SOUNDS LIKE ALOT OF PEOPLE ARE GETTING PAID OFF TO NOT MAKE IT HAPPEN .  Cali has proved to the world it just cant handle it and deserves to lose the contracts Why isnt the media not reporting that fact
If u want things to be right pay more to the ppl that work at the warehouses. $12 a hour isn't enough in California. But there is one thing the more ppl work for these companies the more rich the founder of the company gets.
Drug test is the reason
Let's Go Brandon
let's go brandon
Maybe it’s time to stop importing everything from China. And maybe it’s time to de-commercialize Christmas.
Unsustainable poor wages for workers. It’s not that hard.
"China, China, China"
Bring in the military, wherever the gap is, the military will perform expeditiously. Those profits that the shipping lines are making and the container fees? The government will get it back one way or another.
I think a large part of the problem that people don’t realize is companies choose to build and manufacture all of their products overseas. I personally think the solution is to incentivize US production but with so many labor laws that won’t be happening here
Rich white guy in expensive suit talking how hard 'we work'. I doubt he has seen a hard days work in his life.
Bill Clinton screwd U.S. (jobs  lost to overseas).
Wouldn’t it be cheaper to destroy the container left in storage.
If there is "so much stuff coming into the country" prices should be going down, not up. My bet says this is all by design.
seems to me what is needed is a storage  facility for empty containers with cranes to off load them off the chasis, storage payment is a must of course,  this way trucks are free to take next load of containers🤷‍♂️
So after all this analysis, I understand that this problem has been perhaps inevitable because of a flawed system percolating for years. Everybody is to blame, Ok thank you for the description of the symptoms of the crisis, But I’m still scratching my head looking for the straw that broke this camel’s back.
We're all getting Enron'd!
Capitalism at its finest.
Unions and longshoremen. Plain and simple.
What ever happened to made in America or buy American ???
Yet illegals have no problem getting through our ports? Let's go brandon
Buy more Chinese junk now
60minutes always late to the game. They need new management
Nasty nancy
I don't get my "explanations" from the shill media. That's like getting obiden to explain...well pretty much anything.  And yeah, I'll pay more and go thru the effort of NOT buying crap from the country that created a special virus just for you.
🎶With so much cargo in the LBC, it's kinda hard to send packages here to me🎶
Follow the money 💰 as usual 🤔
Did we all forget that there was a huge tanker stuck in the suez canal for over a week? This incident started it all.
Corporate greed
There's one person able to untangle this, it requires executive orders and making people do their jobs. But that person refuses to do that.
Stop buying cheap crap from China . Problem solved .
Don't u remember when this mess started.... when we started to experience shortages... it was during the "tRUMP trade war"... thats when the system went crazy...
If you watch Fox News then this is all a lie. Our supply chains are perfect, we have inflation cause we’re printing too much money 🙄
Very easy way to cure this problem don’t buy anything made outside of America
Joe Biden
I’m not worried about increase cost for Christmas there’s nothing to celebrate with Joe Biden as president. Keeping my money in my pocket this year
Never was a supply chain problem until Joe Biden became president
That's what it looks like when you have idiots in office
Obiden did. Lets go Brandon!!!
Mexico is a good option. Build the ports there. These overpaid union longshoremen and their control over port operations only benefit their own greedy interests.
Let’s go Brandon!
Hard to feel sorry for yedi buying from Chinese factories
I had high hopes for 60 Minutes digging deep into the issue, but was let down.   This was just-below-the-surface investigative journalism. It felt like a formality.
Democrats. Easily summed up
that fact that many ships have to wait weeks to get cargos off load tells me maybe it's port's issue, like union on the port?
Hearing the man from Learning resources talk about the increased costs of containers and storage fees I can understand why goods have gone up. It starts at the top above these smaller companies.
Buy American and support Made Only in America!
Wow this was an eye opener.
I wonder what role our Transportation Secretary plays in all this?
So why don't we just not buy anything for Christmas
JOE BIDEN
Don't worry, Uncle Joe will fix it,...
What does the US, Zimbabwe, Venezuela and Germany all have in common? They all printed money like crazy just before the wheels fell off the economy. Bad things can happen when people lose hope and face starvation. Those who fail to learn from history are condemned to repeat it.
This is the beginning of the end so get used to it. Be happy with what you got.
What you get when you move factories from your country to Asia.
Thanks, Trump.  Didn't have a real import plan together before slapping our trade partners in the face.  Nor did you have any of the domestic production put in place before your dismal America First plan was implemented.  Now we have years of pain ahead.  Failed President and turned the nation into a bunch of losers.
Made in America sounds better.
Everyone is getting price gouged from small businesses to workers to consumers while a few CEOs at the top of these chains are making record profits. Inflation is NOT caused by these supply chain issues, this is just an excuse to charge everyone more and especially to avoid paying workers more.
JOE THE CROOK BIDEN IS THE CAUSE
The supply chain is made up of 1., private companies, 2., foreign nations and their shipping lanes and 3., local port authorities. Don’t forget the 4., buyer of the goods who is paying storage for goods held up by private companies passing the cost to the consumer (inflation) and do not forget 6., the workers moving the products to their destination, so that, 7 social classes are standing still, unproductive, doing nothing, due to the the lack of movement of commodities.   The BIG PROBLEM requiring a leap over it would be the problem of so many social classes involved just to get a thing from point A to point B is the height of an absurd state of over efficiency. A total disaster and as the video investigates an antiquated system from the 1930s.  In a new system of circulation the workers, truckers, dock workers, crane operators, schedulers...would get products to where they need to go, one social class is enough, reduce the number of social classes involved in this chaotic system of circulation to one with control over the supply chain. Herein is the problem of Biden, and the Republicans and no opposition from the Democrats haven’t the slightest idea how this supply chain even works, nor even care, yet have full control over it, in many cases, the supply chain itself is calling the shots, and herein a change is needed at a critical level.  Numbers 2 and 3 are the job of a Secretary of Commerce, (ought to be secretary of trade and commerce) which in our present case happens to be Gina Raimondo of Rhode Island, a moderate former governor from the finance industry, is not exactly the ideal candidate for the job for ports in the west but comes from a port state in the east with a background in capital and finance. So, because I can play ping pong I should be able to play basketball too?
Frank Sobatka was right.
All I want to say is thank you thank you for the. accurate information.   I work for a trucking company and OMG to return empties containers is crazy.  It’s not us not doing our job it’s the terminals that won’t accept the empties
Behind the pages it's creating chaos spiraling down into a purge hope the dollar doesn't collapse 2 ESDRAS 15:14-19 and the sword is a gun!😷💉🤪
Fantastic report, good job 👏👏 everyone involved in making it
America is under attack Americans have no idea what's going on
Go ask your billionaire bosses
Created for a purpose by your global government's
Not going to spend any money this holiday season.
Democrats. There you go, I just saved you 13 minutes. You're welcome!
Wow, what an ad for the Dems infrastructure law. Way to go CBS.
I didn't hear anything about California's laws negatively affecting the trucking industry - fuel economy regulations and shutting down the independent truckers.
Good general survey of the stakeholders’ points of view.  Cringey puns detract from the quality of the report.
Why does the intro always looks like a show from the 90s?
The last segment sums it up, this all falls on the ports and their facilities.    Local legislators in LA/Long Beach, Oakland and Seattle/Tacoma (three largest on the US West) are a bunch of know-nothings who are willfully ignorant of mechanisms of international trade or, actively working to obstruct the necessary investments of the terminals in their districts
Funny how this didn't happen when we had a mean tweeter in thew White House.
#LGBFJB
“It’s not me.” Should be the title of this story.
For over 20 years I worked with shipping lines, container terminals, trucking lines, you name it. My significant other started off as a ship agent eventually landing herself as an asst. mgr. of a shipping terminal. For the last 20 years she has been a general manager of a packaging manufacturer. Like all things their US manufacturing operation was rendered non- competitive with Asian producers. So the last 15 years of that time has been strictly importation of the same goods they produced. Between the two of us we have seen every aspect that drives this supply chain and for the last 2+ years have been on the front line of this crisis. I read a lot of very uninformed comments here stating tired old mantras like "BUY US" or ridiculous opinions like placing blame on the Dems, secretary of trans., Biden and making claims that "Trump wouldn't have let this happen" (Spoiler Alert: the supply chain crisis started on his watch and yet it's not his fault either!). Simplistic solutions will not resolve this problem. 60 minutes spelled it out very plainly. The only fault I would have with it is this problem is not restricted to the US. THIS IS NOT A PROBLEM THAT WAS CAUSED BY POLITICIANS AND IT WILL NOT BE REMEDIED BY THEM EITHER!
Shipping cost gone too much high around the world.
Calling the shipping lines out for taking money for shipping is way to simplistic. That is like criticizing a shop for not selling at a loss, if we want there to be shops they need to make a profit and besides it is not like anyone covers the loss of shipping lines in lean times.
Perhaps we need to develop an economy that does not rely so much on imports!?
The US definitely needs to bring it all home. No more reliance on other countries for our supplies, "Made in the USA".
Government is the culprit. Just privatize everything on earth.
What do you do when your at war with your enemy? Cut off their supply lines. The regime has america under SEIGE. Be prepared to fight for it back
TWO WORDS...BAD LEADERSHIP
I wonder if a huge consumer strike against purchasing anything until this is resolved would help.
Corporate America sent all those jobs to China to break the American labor force and unions. Now nobody can get anything..both parties were complicit
The Biden Blockade No Jab NO Job drivers refuse to get the Jim Jones poison Jab #FJB
Imagine if capitalists cared about society and economy over their own greed; it would be a very different world, and much better for all.
They need to produce more in the states rather than international especially these electronic chips for vehicles and other computer equipment . Too much reliance on the outside
This was excellent coverage of a multifaceted problem. One of the major problems, that was just barely touched on, is the immense amount of regulations and rules that encumber every level of the supply chain.  They also fail to mention the role of unions, such as a long shoremen, effectively blocking many attempts at modernization, since that would require less labor and therefore fewer six figure jobs.
Just another way to steal more money from the consumer just don’t buy the junk
Whoever signed off on that intro should probably be reassigned.
The USA is f###ed
“Top level task force” 😂😂😂
NBC 60 Minutes Reporter: Visits the sites and interact with real people working. The rest of mainstream media reporters: Visits Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and Onion to write about woke news article.
Americans chose Biden- they chose wrong I hope they learn their lesson
Bill Gate's fraud.
Can anybody say….Overconsumption?
1trio infra bill might help a bit . 2trio (really 4) extra stimulus when it’s as clear as sun demand is way over stripping supply…hmm
I wrapped empty boxes for Christmas. Don't need any crap from China.
Hopefully, all those dems who voted for Biden are happy.  Trump understand the danger of being so dependent on foreign imports and tried to change that.  We are now seeing his wisdom contrasted with the incompetence of Biden.  This wasn’t caused by the pandemic.  This has been years in the making through offshoring of manufacturing, letting the unions control the ports, letting foreign actors own/lease the ports, concentrating too much shipping into just a few ports, etc.  This was years in the making and will take years to resolve, but with Biden in office, actions to resolve this won’t even begin.
How has the  fact of south East Asian countries banning the shipping of single use plastics for recycling been affecting the cost of shipping containers returning to Asia
Amazing guy ,https://youtu.be/3tKJoKticnI  and https://youtu.be/Duysz31EJdM
So where is all that talk about how efficient capitalism is? It's not.
Lazy dock worker's is why
Simple answer; democrat control!!!
Is THIS part of Chaiman Xiden's, "Build Back Better" program? Or is it just inflation by itself? I'm confused as why anyone voted for this CLOWN, thinking that he, "knew better".
When this happened for a SHORT TIME under Trump, BIDEN called it a, "Leadership Problem"...when it happens under HIM, it's someone else's fault. Phuker!
This is a good reportage for the "patriots" that don't understand the global economy and the impact that it has on American economy. But judging from some comments I read here, it still rocket science to some that can't function without seeing Brandon in it.
We need a leader & Joe Biden's not the guy.
Americants - rest of the world is quite fine. American capitalism doesn’t work. And by the way chassis’s are so old school ports management. America could’ve fixed this years ago but each of you is too short term and Americans won’t cooperate for the greater good. American’t.
The economy attacked by a computer virus?
Apparently those in the US, believe that we have always and will always have it "easy".  Get a life, this IS life, due to something out of our control.  Give it time and stop being such a bunch of babies over seeing things such as this.  This has happened time and time before, just made worse by the PANDEMIC people.  Get over yourselves.
Bidens fault thanks yall
Increasing money supply while workers are low to supply the products
It’s a business decision to create demand.  It’s part of a larger strategy to increase the wealth of billionaires and mega corporations while subjugating the population.
The obiden administration is a tyrannical government and needs to be delt with accordingly
WELCOME TO THE GRAND ILLUSION
Teach the price gougers a lesson, don't buy anything this year during Christmas. The price will drop eventually, then buy it.
There is zero chance that this video gives an accurate account of what is happening
Biden
Buying from foreign suppliers………🤷🏼‍♂️ just That simple If Canada, America and Mexico formed an alliance……… we could self sustain and never worry about importing anything. These three countries are NUTS not to try this strategy 🤷🏼‍♂️
I will wait for the Fire-Sale! 😂😂😂😂
That is an outstanding skill in parking.
Maybe off shoring all our manufacturing was a mistake?
Shame on the mess!!! 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Outsourcing & Globalism....voters are to blame
Capitalists are responsible. They create inflation to boost profits, then blame everything else to avoid being dragged into the streets by their victims. How is it working out now?
Maybe people should have paid their rent so they wouldn't have bought so much???
Two of my coworkers work in the Long Beach port. The reason for all this is that the port needs to be fully automated and the union workers are causing this logjam to try and preserve their jobs but it is not going to work and the port will eventually be automated just like all the major ports in every other country
IT'S BIDEN FAULT
That's what the U.S. get for everything coming from overseas.
https://youtu.be/tBZPnAk79b0
US consumers have the power but they refuse to use it. If it’s made in china don’t buy it. Right now we’re getting an inferior product at a higher cost because of the shipping costs associated. Made in America goods would probably be a little more expensive but at least you’re giving your neighbor a job + getting superior product.
The solution is to stop buying garbage no one needs, most of the crap bought for Xmas is cheap and useless
I will hold off on my shopping unless it’s super necessary
Yes. Lets blame everyone except the current administration.
Don’t trust 60 but you can asked Biden and Dem.
Made in America would solve this mess
sounds like amazon will win along with theft in stores riots and now this mess
The US is finished. The people who created the trade imbalance with China should have been booted out of the country a LONG time ago.
Of course CBS news ignores the WORLDWIDE shipping crisis, and tries to shift blame from the economic shutdown that they still won't apologize for advocating.
Well explained 👏 👌 👍
The president and the transportation secretary could solve this problem in a week or even a day. It would involve working with every governor, not just Democrats. This problem wouldn't happen under trump. Joe is why people are sick of career politicians.
UPS and FedEx are standing by, ready to fly your rubber dog poop out of China.
Capture remote monitoring ADI Global * QR infrared linkups radiogps license and user name... lol <comic relief >
Let's Go Brandon fjb
It's all started with Trade War with China, now who is hurting.
Maybe Kumala and Mayor Pete should actually have a d***s***ing contest to determine who gets to be Vice President.
Trump caused the supply chain crisis, economic crisis, and inflation crisis. Biden is fixing everything. Time to BUILD BACK BETTER.
So the EST expects the public to believe supply chain failure didn’t basically happen overnight as if it wasn’t working just fine before all this Branch Covidian lunacy??? Or better said WhiteHouse turnover with several executive order signature strokes. Market forces? Ocean carriers? Evil Truckers or Maybe they’re those White supremacist domestic terrorist? So pathetic there’s zero mention of what’s actually causing this man made crisis… BidenAdmin/Cali policy of Covaids contact tracing procedures and Jab mandates including all the shutdowns. Plus the energy/operating/material cost increases from Leftist Bidenpolicy/spending bills causing runaway inflation. Energy supply shortages thanks to “green” lunacy like canceling pipelines and restricting regulations on naturalgas.   So sad and disappointing 60min is now basically state propaganda. Hardly anyone trust 60min anymore or any network tv but it’s their own doing and I hope all EST legacy media dies for what they’ve done!
The govt is so busy.trying to.liberate Taiwan...lol
Funny how they conveniently leave out the fact this problem really began with our societal overreaction to Covid.  Almost as if someone doesn't want us to place blame squarely where it belongs... on the government and the media!  It was talked about for years that our supply chain needed everything to go right all the time, and that one small kink could bring it down.  That small kink ended up being the huge drop in available workers in March of 2020, largely thanks to a fearmongering media and government overreach.  Although importing all this stuff from Asia was stupid to begin with, people running things really experienced an inability to forsee the problems caused by forcing people out of work.  That's when this logjam really started, all the other issues discussed in this video came after that!
Companies couldn't run fast enough from the USA (and other countries) to China for cheap labour last century. They abandoned the USA and its workers in the hunt for more profit. Now, of course, to bring them back will take a long long time and a huge effort and determination. Hopefully, for the consumer, AI robotics in the USA will come to the rescue of the USA consumer. China too will be doing AI robotics too, but then they will have to ship them one third the way around the globe.
Biden takes full responsibility since he said Trump was responsible.  Simple answer high inflation has caused this problem and it started when Biden stopped oil drilling and pipelines.  Oil is connected to all products plus democrat extra 600 dollars a week unemployment.
I am a trucker and I love it.💰💰💰
Let’s go Brandon”Let’s go Brandon”Let’s go Brandon”Let’s go Brandon”Let’s go Brandon”Let’s go Brandon”Let’s go Brandon”Let’s go Brandon”
Support Legislation in the United States to BAN COURT ORDERED RAPE.
Ridiculous  to think that people opposed the Biden infrastructure bill.
This is the downside of Reaganomics I did the downside of the Outsource economy
It was said by many that this would happen during a lockdown...
Just order Arby's through Uber Eats, come on, man!
"Let's go Brandon".
DEMICRATS  AND  ""MADE IN CHINA""
How can the US get into this mess which normally happens in the 3dr world country?  And now Joe Biden wants to compete with China in a trade war when China has built many automated sea ports and terminals operated by robots and AI without any human workers? They can move dozens of containers within a minute by robots  and onto the delivery trucks> There is no congestion in these automated terminals. Why the government of the US spends trillion of dollars fighting wars around the world and not spending a dime to upgrade the ports and terminals? And yet the US government has the audacity to defend Taiwan with military force if Taiwan is under attack when the US cannot win a war in 20 years fighting the enemies who live in the mountains of Afghanistan. The US politicians need to go back to school to learn how to manage its money wisely by not printing fiat money and wasting it and increasing its national debt.
FJB
Sooo, guess why China invested in infrastructure..  🙄
The “Christmas miracle” already happened 2000 years ago when Jesus laid his life down for our sins. Turn to the Lord while he can be found.
Buy American
US tradewar.
The US supply chain is sooo broken it's not funny.
a lot of those containers setting on those ports and trains r empty containers  they got no where to put the loaded containers cause the empty containers r moved out of the way thats common since right there
whats going on is what they not saying is going but what they want u to think is going on not shortage in dock workers not shortage in truck divers y do u think they wanted that 1.3 trillion dollars for  not for rebuilding america   they could careless bout that not to give 450thousand dollar to the illegal immigrants if they dont care bout the american people  y would they have a care for them that money is to pay those countries that shipped those goods money the u's owes them not for the cargo thats already bought and paid for  but other debt what debt i dont know havent got that far in finding out  but once the u.s pays them that money they'll let the ships port and get unloaded
This is why living a modest life is awesome 😍
China owns the freaking ports. Wake up!!!!! Also, if you're selling crap from CHINA,  I don't feel bad for you. Sorry.
Well that's why u don't do buisness offshore if we made our own products in America we wouldn't have this problem
bad policies from Washington for months and months.   The Wall Street Journal goes as far as to call them reckless.
Seems like people consume too much and we are overpopulated. Why not take a month or 2 weeks out of the year where nobody is allowed to order anything from overseas which will give time to clear it out and get caught up to where it's supposed to be.
An incompetent administration headed by a senile old man who takes "inappropriate showers" with family members. Thanks MSM!
Florida doesn’t have a supply chain problem.
What caused Americas supply chain crunch ?  Outsourcing our entire economy , pretty simple !!!
Just give me a bunch of free containers so I can build a house out of them
I’m glad the US Secretary of TRANSPORTATION took a full 2 months off after only 4 months on the job during the worst transliteration crisis in 40 years.
I see this ship traffic everytime I fly into LAX; every time I drive down ocean blvd, I see numorous ships parked on the coast. It's a horrid site.. They need to fix it!!!
I have a trucker friend that foresaw the backup when big box stores started closing and told me to invest in Maersk. They say 68% on here, but for my quarterly earnings on my August statement, it was up 82%
What caused the supply issues, That's easy! Capitalism.  Look at All the ships, full of goods filled and waiting to be unloaded by Socialism.
You put all your eggs in China’s basket …. Deal with it!
Just buy products made in the Americas. Problem solved.
So you're saying I'm gift cards from Santa. Got it.
Here , let me simplify this for everyone. It's not complicated unless you are a reporter. It's not the shipping companies fault you can't handle the incoming demand. It's not the docks fault that demand suddenly skyrocketed. The government made everyone afraid to go outside and then paid them to stay home. The people used that money to order stuff online , all at once and this continued for a year. The supply system was never designed to handle this much online ordering all at once. This is like christmas shopping for a year.  Since all this free money flooded in, all the money is now worth less than it was, there's your inflation. Simple. It's no surprise and it didn't happen recently. When the first stimulus checks went out the money was inflated and automatically worth less and less with every check. Money in exchange for no work or goods is worthless money and eventually it devalues all the money, even the money you worked hard for. The system doesn't differentiate between the stimulus money and the real earned money.  Can we build another port? No one is this business wants to spend the money to expand the docks and then have it all go back to normal and collapse demand. They would have empty docks then and wasted all that investment. The answer to any issue in this country is met with government inference.  They had to know this would happen.  They made the covid 19 into a huge over blown nightmare and then stepped in to "save" us from it while flooding the market with money and devaluing any money anyone managed to save. All your retirement money is losing value daily and it just got a lot less valuable.  Any of you still think covid is a huge thing? 0.23% of the American population has died from covid TOTAL not just this year , ALL of them. Does that seem like something that could shut down the whole healthcare system and collapse the economy??????  Covid is real, but the response was overwhelmingly disproportionate to the facts. Look at the charts and stats. The only time the media reports on covid is when it swings up, but they never report when it swings down.  0.065% of the world population died from covid-19  BFD Covid will fade away in a year but this economic disaster manufactured by the government and the media will take a decade to sort out. https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/
Stupidity
The ships are unloading Maritime containers locally more and transferring them to road containers to get them back on ship quicker and not pay the train companies, this is adding to the clogging of the ports and screwing up the drayage and rail part of the Intermodal system  https://youtu.be/O0W5mck7OJU
Somehow I haven’t heard the truth. 90% of the problem is that California changed their pollution laws and everyone who was licensed and tested to be good, regardless of when their licensing expired, was revoked on September 1. Everyone and everything has had to reapply, retest and be recertified.
We’re fighting to pay people more in America so how about we bring these jobs back to America where people make products here and we don’t have to worry about ships getting stuck? This is the aftermath of outsourcing everything. It was inevitable.
How can the news say so much and never really explain the ins and outs of the intermodal system to their viewers at all? 🙄
Why can't you get workers? When all the people live in tents on the street, they don't need no stinkin job.
Why does this production look and sound like it was made in the 80's?
Everything ok. Ship leaving a port for the states every hour or so. Then... the world stops with covid. People staying home and not buying. Covid starts to break, people go out again and buying everything that isn't nailed down. So have to restock. Companies start ordering again. By the thousands. All of a sudden a dozen or so ships leave a port for the states every hour or so. What happens?
Send your shipping orders to other ports like the Port of Oakland which has a lot of capacity…
Blame the whole thing on the morons of our country doing business with China
Hahahahahah!
They should find a way to stack up. Build a structure to hold them. Away from the pier. Hmmm...
This is wake up time for american business to produce more at home.
So something or someone is punishing those importing goods from China.
You wanted to undercut American wages by buying cheap crap from China and now your shipping costs are killing your margins?  Well, this is the consequence of your own actions.
Why not Florida?
First, most of the products on containers are "Wants" not needs!  Start building manufacturing here and if not stop complaining and enjoy the supply chain you have!
The "Buy American" crowd is eagerly awaiting the merchandise from China.
Made in USA won’t get stuck in ship yards
Mandates, Fear and nonsense.
Rubber tire gantry.
I wish 60 Minutes can do a better job at reporting this.  This video is just passing on what each has to say without any independent thought.  Give me a Go Pro, I can do the same and do it cheaper.  This country has been importing for 40+ years.  Yes, the goods demands are higher after Covid-19 but the release of containers are WAY slower than the percentage of increase of importing.  It's 2021 and unions should not exist.  Unions are to protect the lazy who can't survive in the private industry.  Union is like communist, you don't get pay more for working hard so why work hard.
I thought the root problem was California’s emissions laws on big rigs. They passed strict laws that owner operators can’t afford to keep up with. So it’s their laws that effect the truckers
Welcome to Bidens America!!! #fjb
Incompetent nincompoops in office caused the supply chain problem
This is an example of why there are supply chain issues: 1) Takes one second to print money 2) Takes a long time to make stuff, build houses, grow food.   If there is too much money and it’s faster than stuff being made, there will be supply issues. Prices have to rise as to a new equilibrium
Yet another major failure of capitalism.
Fun Fact: one thing can fix all these issues: a Tsunami, It will take all this crap back to China!
Who is profiting from this? 🤔 Lemme guess…liner shipping companies you say? Transnational organized crime?
Let's Go BRANDON is the cause of all the problems past 10 month's.  He has No Clue what he doing.. Just Look at Petrol Po Price's more than Doubled in a Short time Span which causes everything to increase.  My Biggest sticker Shock is Mayonnaise.  Last Year cost $4.89, now under Brandon rule, same size Jar is $9.39.  For God's sake.  Will only get Worse Folk's.  I hope all You Brandon folks think hard & long. You Repenting in Nov. 2023 & Y'all will be Forgiven for Your Mistake 1 year ago.
Importers who cry foul have pressured shipping lines into bankruptcy during lean times. All you'll need is one ship to leave Asia without being full and those 2 importers ,that were whining , will gouge the shipping lines.
Democrats, red states have no issues at the ports
We had no problems until joe biden stole the election. He is the root of the problem.
The biggest ports for trade in the US are all on the East and Gulf Coasts except for the LA area.   How is the situation on the East and Gulf coasts?   I would place the blame on West coast cities and states and the Federal gov't for failing to maintain and upgrade West coast infrastructure.   I wouldn't blame supply chain companies for this.  For decades the Federal gov't has done nothing but virtue signal about improving infrastructure but has done crap.  The new bill being worked on is no different.  It's mostly pork and tax cuts for the rich...again. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ports_in_the_United_States
So, demurrage, is the term for charges of (shipping) resources held over a contracted time. Instead of charging interest, central banks should charge Bezos, Musk, etc for hoarding billions. They either make use or lose its value rather than camping on the life blood of an economy, hoarding it all so nobody else can earn money they made through their labor.
Im sure the money trail lands at Wall St for those who benefit from these giant losses.
Due to how much people are buying or willing buy either due to the pandemic or after, there should be plenty of space in warehouses for this product. Unions are also to blame.
Capitalism baby and global supply chains. They are soaking us for every thing we can. You can also thank Brexit UK for back logging containers along with the rest of it. Same thing with oil production. Too bad we don’t have high speed rail freight like modern economies.
Buy American made products.
Odd how we had enough workers under Trump! Quit paying people to set at home. This is not by accident that this is happening. Democrats want this to happen, we must suffer because of their beliefs.
At 12:45 dingus states that the ports are owned by the city's that they're in is a total crock, 5 out of the 6 major ports in the usa were sold a long while back to china or chinese based companies. China is purposely dragging it's feet and causing more delay to purposely ruin and slow down the supply chain but shame on our corporations for out sourcing all of the jobs and products in order to make larger profits.
It's because of the IDIOT PUPPET, Biden!
There is a solution to this mess, Stop buying from China start building Factories in the USA!
Who believes CBS anymore?
BIDEN !!!!
US Customs Inspection of cargo? Don't I remember discussions from Homeland security and others about the dangers of un-inspected cargoes coming into our ports, but can't let security interfere with commerce until after a disastrous event. Then we can blame the US customs are not doing her job.
politicians and California's ridiculous emissions laws preventing drivers from even delivering the goods and supplys... there I just saved you 60 minutes now go do something actually productive.
The American people dont beleive this stuff do u
It was made this way by design
u lie
Unions.
Xiào dào zuìhòu de rén xiào dé zuìdà shēng The problem is not the port system, rather that the US has allowed foreign countries to rob the average American from self-sufficiency. We place the face of Tim Cook on the cover of Forbes and applaud him for his business savvy.   All those containers hold more than merchandise, they contain gainful employment. You’ve pinched this country, and its pennies, into poverty.
WHAT A DAM SHAME.
The go Brandon administration has purposely caused it.
Globalists caused it !!!! Plain and simple follow the money 💰 they profit the most off Americans demise
This country is turning into a joke
With out even watching we know that answer… CALIFORNIA is the problem with their restrictions in trucks aka semi and drivers
Answer: The Marxists in the white house and around the country who are using the Democratic party to further their insurrection and political coup.
The same thing that causes all the problems in America. California.
Nothing is said about these companies screwing there truck drivers out their daily "Pay".🔷🔹🔹
Business sez: Every crisis is an opportunity for outsized profits.
Total B.S here!   They know damn well what's really going on here!  It's the mismanagement of this administration when it comes down to it.  Another game the Democrats are playing is to destroy this god-loving country.
Buy made in America and this won't be a problem
Corrupt politics and the vaccine mandates.. real simple!
Everything was just fine, until the stupid democrats took over !!
Americans have a choice to make. Either keep importing cheap goods from overseas (made by sweatshop labor) or buy goods made by Americans and pay slightly higher prices.
Not enough trucks.  Further increases inflation
Don’t worry y’all, Faux Biden will fix everything like he is doing with fuels prices by cancelling a pipeline and considering another.
A country full of materialistic a holes.
give the money to me, ill work way harder for an extra 100k
60 seconds is now a lefty propaganda outlet along with PBS.
This is strictly propaganda and a poor attempt at being a cover piece for the O'Biden administration. Blame everything as usual on someone else, the complete private sector in this case and never accepting responsibility for the governments role in  this fiasco. Why was nothing said about the US Transportation wing of the O'Biden administration who has more say in all of this than any private sector organ. AS usual the Dimocrat wing of the party the US news media doing its faithful duty to give cover and shade to the liberals.
I had heard about this for months but we flew into LA the other day and I saw the ships with my own eyes. It’s unbelievable to think about the millions of products that are just anchored off shore because the ports are already full. Insane.
This is really simple and clear what is happening. Here's Here's clue. ... its left democrat related. Just like covid.
Comes down to trucking and warehouses. Truckers don’t want to touch the ports because of regulations and the amount of time wasted to get a  chassis (2-12 hours). Not enough labor to man the warehouses. Simple fix, deregulation and sound immigration policies.
Sounds like a great opportunity for automated cargo movement. Along with Tesla automated trucks, American would benefit from a cross country railway to ship things to other major metro areas.
Lean manufacturing, overseas production and excessive pay for executives probably are to blame for the shortages.
Very depressing as a adult to watch this but it’s going to be even more depressing for the new generation of adults that don’t know value of a dollar to understand how bad it’s going to get for them when my generation is gone or gets super old.    Price Gouging has been around for decades on some things like service repair , car buying , homes , phones and taxes (lol) but we never paid attention till now.  That’s only cause everyone has had to endure it on so many things today.   Food alone and toilet paper along with paper towels is marked up 500%.   It cost them cents to make paper towels and toilet paper for each roll
Worked last year just like a lot of other things. Wonder what on earth could be the change now? Wake up people
Gee, guess it WAS STUPID to spend TRILLIONS, outlawing Marijuana, Opium, and Cocaine, BECAUSE they caused race-mixing....(notice, the BLM is NOT ALLOWED to address the racist drug war...hmmmm.)
Its a good thing the government in the USA is not letting truck drivers drive because they are not vaccinated.
if you make stuff in usa, this would not be a problem.
I like how the propaganda as usual ends with if only the government controlled everything.  How about a government that empowers a free people to become self sufficient, oh now we can't have that.
Are you going to blame this on President Trump?
Now is a good time to seriously discuss work visas bc Americans sure don’t want to do the job.
How about the new law signed into order in CA that stops private truckers from working in CA? That’s another big thing making things worse….. there’s so many layers this.
Stop pointing fingers, isolate the problem and get the job done. 50 years ago we did what some say was impossible; we put a man on the moon. Now, 50 years later, we can't move a package from a local port to anywhere in the country. It's the truckers fault, no it's the shippers fault, no it's caused by backup in the supply chain, no it's caused by a shortage of workers, no it's this, no it's that, and meanwhile nothing ever gets done.  What there is no shortage of;  is excuses.
One issue, before the pandemic it was extremely hard to get hired at the ports. You would have to know someone to get a temporary job, not even permanent!
Would you put a Coke bumper sticker on your car for $1,000.00 a week?
I wonder how Santa's doing at the North Pole. Not enough reindeer to ship the goods...  How do you explain this to a child?
This is where our government should spend our money.  When money or land for storage is needed.  The government should have stepped in and claimed land and help pay for storage and transportation.   They have no problem forcibly claiming land for a border wall. Or when someone wants to build a toll road.
There are a few reasons why America has a supply crisis. The most important is that we are depending too much in China products.  The most important disruptions—was,  China briefly closing shipping ports in August and June to prevent a COVID outbreak, this is the main reason of our shipping crisis.
Look up the California laws on the cause
Oh I can answer this.  Stupidity
Do not believe any of this. It is just smoke and mirrors for something bigger.
Buy American 💯
No supply chain = Nothing in your stores,.  Treat them better.
America is getting richer
There's a few things that this special is missing - #1.  This has become the perfect backdrop for passing the infrastructure bill which can be used by politicians to print money for themselves through shell companies, #2.  Many of these bottlenecks are due to Californian trucking regulations preventing them from taking product away from the ports, and #3.  This is exactly what they want to see with the Great Reset because it takes power away from local states and centralizes it to a federal level while causing further inflation and class stratification.
The Ports are to blame. As a trucker and married to a marine clerk at the ILWU. The Ports dont want to update their systems and make it more automated... Thus creating more union jobs.
produce the product in the US and there will be less problems
It's hilarious that 60 minutes is acting like this wasn't an intentional punishment inflicted on us by policy
Because everyone is buying everything off of Amazon, and so many sellers/manufacturers are from China. It's not just supply chain, it's also consumerism and what I like to call Amazonism.
It's Obviously Trump and Racism.. 🇺🇲🙃🇺🇲
Yet most Republicans are against the infrastructure reform!
Road crews are working more than ever before around the country.  No labor shortage there and it’s only going to get busier with hundreds of billions passed to keep upgrading infrastructure.
It's the same all over the world.
I blame the customers for placing the orders in the first place.
Lets Go Brandon
Who still watches 60 minutes?? Fake news show!
Dear fellow Americans: how about you give the gift of love, attention, time, help, spirituality, humility, and loving kindness this year, instead of a material object? If you must give something, how about you re-purpose something you already own? This materialistic madness will be our undoing.
This is one of the side effects of artificially pumping 3 trillion dollars into the economy. To make it worse, money trickles up, not down. So this will greatly effect mostly middle class people.
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris created a catastrophe and don't know how to fix it. It is time for new leadership immediately. It will only get worse until we get new leadership immediately.
lol, funny how all of a sudden there is a "problem", just because supply<>demand are not in favor of (US) businesses, partially caused by folks buying the lowest/cheapest item, vs the one made domestically, or at least with the best "value".
9:29 Toys, being held hostage :(
Biden In office...came with some serious side effects and consequences
Wow, gov wants to take over the ports
Hey Christians, is this what the season is really about? Cheap toys from overseas that will get broken or ignored after how many hours.  Hey consumers, sounds like buying American might be cheaper to purchase.  Recycle or regifting, or maybe getting crafty might be the best way to go. Supporting small business and American made is always the best way to go.
Maybe if we had enough workers, we wouldn’t have this issue. This is a regulation problem in the state of California.
the port of Long Beach is owned by a company from Hong Kong, not the city
Take it from a professional driver, this is done by design, this is our new government doing this on purpose, 2 creat this mess
Its all bidens fault.. Trump had us winning, then biden took it all away cause the dems are racist arsonist sociopaths
Maybe it’s just too much reliance on goods. Do we need all the stuff that’s sold in stores? Maybe you do maybe you don’t. I certainly don’t care. Unless it’s something that’s necessary: medical equipment/parts, replacement parts for vehicles, and other essentials.
This is what corporations wanted-price increases.  Manufacturing overseas rather than here in the mighty US is gonna destroy our economy.  And our mighty country.
Brandon.
Bring the ships to Florida.  They will be offloaded.  We have the highways and railroads to be able to get those containers anywhere in the country.  The Dept of Transportation also NEEDS TO DO THEIR JOBS.  Of course Secy pete has been too busy with vacation.
This country is a mess
First Principles.  Stop buying from over seas.  Lets hope this brings some manufacturing back to the US
I tried to get my cdl but I couldn't get it because I failed by 1 question on my test and had Marijuana in my system from 7 months ago and now I have to go to a school and get ripped off by a company for two weeks but nO oNe wAnTs tO dRiVe though... gtfoh
They are doing it on purpose to hike prices!
The democrat politicians caused the back up the west coast ,not a problem on the east coast ,ha ha you wanted democrats now shut your mouthes and live with it
If it’s no longer cost effective to import into the US, then let’s go back to manufacturing.
Still a lot of stuff people don't need.
Question, shouldn’t these be loaded onto trains once they reach port, THEN distributed by truck some were further Inland ? It just seems weird trucks are doing all the movement from port to there destinations.
Deliberate.
As a truck driver I can tell you this… The shippers are rats, One of the biggest reasons truck drivers don’t move their freight is because of the absurdly low rates that they’re trying to pay to have us move their cargo And as a Videos said the warehouses are not moving fast enough, Their employees are not going to work their butts off if the warehouse employers are paying them minimum wage
In major Asian ports the terminals are fully automatic, beside fully digitalis-ed,  the terminals are operated with driver-less yard and crane handling.  Return empties container are off load stack in export yard. Hence, it is rather unusual to  see in the video empty containers are on the chassis which is waste of resources and space.  One options to deal with the congestion in the terminal is to move import containers to off terminal stack yards.  Beside the terminal need to work round the clock, the customs and truckers must work round the clock  There must be incentive scheme to motivate customs, security, crane operators and truckers to work after office hours as well as night shift hours.
" I call them pirates of the sea" lmao someone tell this man what a pirate is
The problem is IMPORTING! We need to bring back MADE IN AMERICA!!
BUY AMERICAN MADE PRODUCTS. Problem solved.
This is what  they meant when they said zombie apocalypse, people just mindless  consuming ...  Looks like this is an attack on small business
This is exactly what happens if a nation of 340 million people doesn't manufacture products at home and all the manufactured goods have to be imported. If America doesn't find ways to produce more domestically such problems will become the nrew normal.
What happened to “Buy American?”
I think the part about truckers making appointments “ just in case “ and then canceling the day of if they don’t need it is being OVERLOOKED. Little things like this have a much bigger effect than I think is realized. That trucker rep discounted it as a game of whack a mole 😒
So, there is no shortage. Just incompetence of private enterprise. And, why is domestically produced goods higher? There's no bacon on  those containers.  The Republicans will blame Biden for the logjam, higher prices, and the panic.
We are all being punished by the current administration- its all about control- sad for us all - while they all laugh. This is sick
Nothing is going to get better! for while, therefore if focus on countries closeby China for less days in shipping to makeup the loss in US.
Solution buy made in the USA
Thank you to the massively incompetent Biden administration
The real  problem is the LA freeway system is fully gridlocked at any point of the day. A truck driver can, realistically, only take ONE container per day.
If the product doesn’t make it to the holidays, doesn’t that mean there are going to be some great sales in January?
Deliberate chaos for the sole purpose of profits.  Tantamount to extortion.
Time to stop buying crap from overseas. Come on America, let's start making what we need right here!!
Let’s go Brandon!!!
Get the military to solve the problem!
Why does Bill repeat what we just heard the interviewee say? You put it in the piece. They spoke clearly. Are you just trying to stretch the length of the story?? 8:25 10:14
This is going to take 5 years to unclog. At the end of each day, the big dogs still eat while the small suffer.
What caused this? One word: Brandon!
it sure sounds like a staged problem created either for profit or to hurt the US, or both. Follow the money, hold trouble makers accountable, and in parallel, work on a permanent solution by upgrading our infrastructure, use modern AI, ML, IOT,  to create a smart supply chain system. Problem solved..... follow the money to identify the problem first.
The ports are owned by people that only benefit their pockets, NOT THE GOVERNMENT
Create the problem, offer the solution.
thanks obama
Unfortunately they are so biased you cannot trust what 60 Minutes is telling you.
Hey i thought it was truckers problem? 🤣🤣 the ports are the most lazy workers i have ever met, and one of the most racist people also, but check out all the porta and you will find the real problem
I wpuld like to ask the first guy that talked. Who taught you how to speak? because i cant tell the difference between a white man talking and you talking.  🧐
We must stop buying Chinese crap.
Sibilance!! 3:09
You can thank the bush’s and Clinton’s for selling America out to China. Throw in locking down the country out of cowardice, stupidity and the need for the left to destroy trump and there you have it.
The failure of the U.S. and other countries to produce their own goods (for various reasons) reliance upon China for products, will continue this chaotic mess.
What happened....  Joe Biden/Kamala Harris, thank them.
Brandon
Now China has exceeded the US GDP purchasing power parity by 4 trillion dollars
He's right. It's price gouging. Carriers sent empties to Asia diverting exports so the imports can be run up as much as $20,000.00+. I'm at an inland port. I've never heard of the color thing.
Stop buying goods from overseas. Make goods in your own country.
What caused the crisis? JOE BIDEN and the Democrats!
Don’t worry “Mayor Pete 🙄” will fix this.
The answer is Joe Biden and Pete Butigieg.
Haha blame Brandon
This only happens when american stores and companies rely and put their eggs in one basket or country. ((China)) Time to weak up and start making products in the US and nearby countries.
An incompetent Biden administration... Biden said he had a team in place since june discussing THIS yet it still got this bad... And after he moved those ports to 24 7 the number of ships has increased from 56 to 91 at last count...  U could not have destroyed America any faster than joe has since day one if this were to have been done on PURPOSE... I thought joe was joesplaining supply chain to us MORONS yet if the warehouse and everything else is t 24 7 those containers have no where to go... May AOC can hersplain to the guy guy how a supply chain works... IMPEACH 46 NOW
Biden’s solution is work more hours? We should be telling people to be buying less and be grateful for what they have…
I watched this piece... because I always watch 60 minutes...but at any rate...I don't get this whole thing...it sounds and looks like to me that there are just some people...or in this case alot of people that are lining their pockets....sound familiar??..hey let's get our freaking act together and stop the price gouging...this is the kind of stupid crap that was born out of the pandemic... another excuse to rip off the American consumer...😡😡😡
Biden's policies
Change the law and fine them and reward  who offer solutions  Without  falling into blackmail
The democrats and socialists
More Fake News Brought to you in 60 minutes
Funny how the fact that California has made it impossible to license any commercial vehicle 2010 and older, and that owner-operator truckers are not being allowed into the ports seem to be pretty much ignored or acknowledged as any sort of problem in this crisis…maybe it’s all part of the “Build Back Better” or “Green New Deal” …?
How about STOP BUYING FROM CHINA I don't sorry for any 9f them. BUY USA
JOE BIDEN POLICIES
Funny that here in New Zealand the price of export using containers has skyrocketed because of a shortage of containers. Ship us a few USA we will have them.
Time to bring manufacturing back to the USA!
Made in America doesn't sound bad after all lol
IF THOSE CLIMATE REBELLION FOOLS HAD A CLUE, THEY WOULD BLOCK SHIPMENTS OF CHEAP ASIAN GOODS THAT AMERICANS SHOULD BE MANUFACTURING FOR THEIR OWN PEOPLE AND EXPORTING THE LEFTOVER'S.   NOT LEFTOVER 💣 BOMBS TO THE SAUDI OLIGARCHY.. SMH
That is easy ? Bush and Clinton  N.a.f.t.a  If the politicians didn't send U.S.A. jobs to China  this and other  things would  not have happened
Don’t forget Saint Donald Trumps’ Trade War.
Manufacturer decided to move factory to China for profit and now they're crying because shipping is slowed due to Covid 19. I say they shot their own foot.
That's what you get when you don't make goods in your OWN country.  FJB  BUY AMERICAN boycott China
LETS GO BRANDON
Anyone want to make a YouTube video on “ Shipping  Container Fiasco for Dummies “ ?    Draw it out and show what is going on?     All I know is that everything went up by double in the past two weeks, because there is a shipping container jam up- and that some people are losing  tons  of money, and others are making a ginormous profit. Sounds like bad planning ,gauging and good old fashioned greed.
Biden caused it, duh!
Never Worry America # 1 the fun will go on!
340 He says see all those brains and no ship. Then he says it makes no sense. Looks like another scam to make Americans pay shy ho prices.
Now try explaining this to millions of delusional republikkkants. They seem to be blaming California, Democrats, Biden, laws, regulations, and mandates. They keep trying to compare Florida’s ports to L.A.’s port that handles 40% of America’s imports. Ridiculous how they can’t seem to recognize the facts.
Let's go Brandon!
What happened to the claims of Republicans that the private sector does everything better than government?   Remember how they want to privatize the Post Office with logistics companies taking their place?
Send it back to china
Hello, am I the only one that heard them say the ports are owned by the cities they are located in?  And who exactly runs those cities?  There is one of the answers right there - Geezus, this ain’t rocket science
Bad Americans buy in CHINA, we need buy here.
Everyone complaining about inflation now! Let’s thank the republicans for it. Don’t complain about food prices going up.
Any discussion about US supply chain problems has to include the JONES ACT!
It's mostly crap from China.  Is this really a problem?
We need more Mexicans. USA can’t function without them.
Paying people to stay home
Huawei is lagging behind in 5G Smartphones production due to US sanction ..... In the meantime , they are advancing a lot in Electric Vehicle controls , Unmanned / Intelligent  Ports controls and 5G Signal Stations construction .  To solve the US Ports congestion problems , it maybe a good idea to ask Huawei to help
Start manufacturing your own🥴 china is laughing at USA 🤪
Why aren’t the empty containers returning to China?
California is run by Democrats, they suck.
Only in America
Stop buying crap. Whose paying for your retirement?
We are forgetting another major issue. The "brokers". They are taking advantage of the truck drivers. So that results in drivers rejecting loads for paying to low, but yet they are making record breaking profits. Please can anyone explain that.
What else Joe Biden. Let’s go Brandon
thats all well and good as far as goods coming from asia but what about the domestic products that are in the same boat so to speak.
But wait.. According to Faux News Joe Biden is the cause of inflation and the “cancellation of Christmas”. And don’t forget Fox News also blames him for gas prices. 😂 🤦‍♂️
Really? has that warehouse dude seen or heard what is going on in the port?And wants to blame price goughing when the port is full.Those empty containers have no business sitting on those chasis. Just plain stupid whoever is running the show thier needs to be replaced.
On the positive side, there will be less imports from China.
Just here for the lefties whom will blame it on Trump & say the Biden will solve it.... PS: I guess that MAGA thing is making sense now...right...?
LA is the worst for infighting. Frozen goods and fresh goods on those ships
Who can tell me what is the root cause of this problem?
These ship Pilots make 500,000 per year.
Need to return empty containers to free up chassis. Stack up empties at the airport property and take the chassis to the port to pickup loaded containers. I have over 50 containers waiting to be picked up at the port but we can’t return empties for lack of space at the port. Need to use the airport property to help with the backlog!!!
Only idiots still buying unnecessary crap.
Bad planning.
Everyone trying to cheat and price gouge the US people as much as they can while they can, and meanwhile our politicians staying quiet..
China is the cause of the pandemic, and now they're profiting from it!
I'm trying my best to get my CDL right now and get out there. All that money to be made. I got 1 week left before I can take the test.
Q: "What's caused America's supply chain crunch?" A: "Decades of poor policy, high corporate taxes, and exceedingly burdensome regulation on manufacturers, just as a start." We could also talk about the exceedingly stupid regulations on truck drivers (speaking as one myself) just getting into and out of the ports, and a great number of other things.
The Biden administration is a complete disgrace
Let’s stop depending on China so much
President Trump would have taken care of this in 30 days !!
60-minutes figured it out. Who's making the most money because of all this? Follow  the money... They're the ones holding up the Freight and cargo on purpose. Because they're all in cahoots with each other.
Biden is an clueless
Brandon
They act like this is the only port let’s see Houston San Diego Miami NYC !!
Didn’t watch this video, because it’s a lie I’m sure. It’s not getting unloaded because someone said it wasn’t or wouldn’t. Period..
Cant really blame this on the pandemic. Target, Walmart and grocery stores were open the whole time and never closed. Plus it was over a year ago when the country shut down for about 6 weeks. That's not that long.
Who’s causing it BIDEN LETS GO BRANDON
what a fucken joke
The cause of the supply chain problem is Biden and his clowns. Let's Go Brandon!🇺🇸
there is only one solution, take back the manufacturing from china.
Hunter Biden
In wartime , some folks profiteer , take advantage to make more silver , some know this is very very wrong . It's criminal , it's evil and it's uncouth . Greed isent always good ,
Real simple  the Biden  administration  did no matter what this segment  says.  Another news  agency covering up Bidens crap no pun intended.
Remember during the pandemic the government paid diary farmers to dump their excess milk, or when gas was half the price, or people panic bought toilet paper?   Pepperidge Farm remembers
The port should have a policy that said no extra storage fee if the port cannot release the container within certain number of days unless the responsible party didn't pickup the container
NUTZ!!!
Another example of American incompetence at its finest
Like you’re gonna get the truth from 60 minutes.....please....
SCAM!
GREED!
Still waiting for my Chinese sneakers
Why is the port not stacking the empty containers? By stacking the empty container they will free up the trailer and be able to allow more trucks to drop off empty  container.
As long as you can get refried beans I'll be fine
Why is the news blaming the president when it the private market that's robbing us!
It matters not whether you're right or wrong, but how you lay the blame…
$vet
Uh …. Lazy Americans???   Ports can run 24/7  Union says we can run extra shifts, but you’re not allowed to hire more personnel!  Port says hey you can’t use that truck chassis!! We need more space to put cargo container  Truckers says why is it taking so long to be loaded? Why is there no room for us to unload our container and pick up a new one!  Freight says: pay us more cause our ships aren’t utilized, forced to wait at port.   Consumers say: where’s all the stuff?  Vendors says: I’m paying more to ship! Why are you making me pay storage fee if I am not allowed to pick it up?! I have to raise prices   Consumers: why is it more expensive
Just now they are thinking of hauling over the ports with better technology and processing so this won't happen again.  I guess no one thought this could happen.
Sounds like the MOB is still running things after all.
Underpaid drivers
Wow... not one mention of California's new exhaust laws that keep most trucks out of the state. Not very indepth reporting there....
4:05 No, inflation looks like printing trillions of dollars of money out of thin air.
Bad policies from Washington.
We can only blame the government and political donors for never addressing this mess. The USA has all the money but wasted in tax cuts for the elites/corporations and above all, military and stupid wars. If these were invested in infrastructure, we would be in a much better place economically and society would benefit as a whole but greed won’t allow it to happen.
#YouFreaky 🍷 #FeelsSoGood 💋 https://youtu.be/n7qspyo4ArQ
Everyone but the american people are making money.. the ports are ran by the Chinese its a win win for them
I think if I, by not ordering anything for anybody for Christmas, but rather give donations in their name to Direct Relief International, I will have done my part by not adding to the problem.
I can’t believe that guy is having sex with that sea turtle of a woman.  Must have to plug his nose to deal with that nasty smell
The BBB made this happen     Babbling Brandon Biden
The whole idea of federal stimulus is just a giant ponzi scheme. Govt - people- billionaires. US billionaires made a ton of money.  The government just couldn't hand it to them so they used the citizens
The problem has been that biden is the only person in the country that understands macro-economics, supply chain and how to withdraw from a military conflict. Everyone else in the country are idiots. If there were more bidens there would be no supply chain issues.
Gavin Newsome and COVID fear lead by progressive communists.
I've been in container shipping for 25 years and trying help solve these issues for 20 of them. This is not too far off the mark, but there is a glaring omission: the ILWU labor union has been fighting port automation tooth and nail since the days of sailing ships, and their work rules and allowances are productivity killers. I'm actually pro-union, but the ILWU and their east coast brethren the ILA have too much power for the country's good.
We are still being victimized by the criminal incompetence of Donalf Trumpler.
America is dumb
Outstanding report. Tks for sharing
The main and sole reason that China is now a threat to US. Americans paid for it.  There are other countries, US businesss can operate from other than China.  The Philippines being one.  Its total hypocrisy to criticize thier lack of human rights. Then do business with them. Or better yet, even participate in Olympic Games in thier country.  We reap what we sow.  War with China is imminent. Within the next 5 years, we will see what buying "Made in China" has cost us.
Biden voters
13 minutes wasted.  Here lemme sum it up in 1 second for you smooth brain anti american t rist commies.  Leftists "dems" caused it.
God forbid, we Americans can't buy more crap!!!
Answer: the government
Now truckers will be needed.
Why didn't they mention the fact that Californian Government WILL NOT allow trucks more that 3 years old across their borders.That is the cause of the back log of containers.Once again the MSM lied,,,,,
Imagine going to a game in Oakland,Risking your life for entertainment
So how about we have a “ made in America “ button when we order our things ?? Oh wait , that would expose our dependence and  “ American “. Companies that are making a KILLING  now crying because the middle man wants to rip people off too …   So , yea, FREE TRADE really works … for who??  NOTHING IS FREE.  Cost FREE TRADE = $ - Middle class . WAKE UP !!!
Why was this man being charged for storage? Pick up your containers! The  Longshoremen and women are tired and overworked.
I think the obvious answer is to make things at home, and tell Brandon to turn off the money macine
depending on delivery terms, some US importers are charged twice for container demurrage PER DIEM aka per day - 1st by carrier (Maersk, Hapag, etc.) AND by railyard, all to be paid PRIOR to container delivery. Not to mention challenges with getting a local truck with chassis... Why do we let them profit off of us?!? Who says "no need to regulate" these mother fuckers? More importantly, Americans need to start thinking in terms of "needs vs wants" to avoid clogging up the outdated supply chain system with crap made in China and SE Asia. Merry Christmas everyone!
"this is what inflation looks like" ?  umm.. not so.. this is what poor wages looks like.
SO WE DIDN’T LEARN WHEN WE WERE SHORT OF MASKS, MEDICINE, VENTILATORS AS IT WAS ALL MADE IN CHINA?!?!  HOW ABOUT WE START MAKING OUR OWN STUFF?!!!!
When the company’s don’t pick up their containers there’s a back up because the shipping lines have nowhere to put more containers! Also the teamsters are gone and therefore  the truckers are not working together.  No one wants empty containers because there’s no money in sending the empty containers  back to where they came from ( CHINA)
Solution!! Make it in America again..
Dock workers unions have blocked the use of automation in California. As a result, those ports are some of the least efficient in the world.
Fun Fact: Things Made In The U.S.A DON'T get stuck in cargo ships/yards!!!!
Maybe Biden should actually cancel Christmas. Less stress and way less unnecessary stuff. Every year I look at Christmas gifts as stuff I am going to have to get rid rid of.
Start making more products in America.
He didn't ask the question "why won't the port sometimes not take back a rust colored container?". What difference does the container color make? And why would there be much more freight now than before? Just because people have been ordering online should not cause a great increase in demand. People were buying things before. Just maybe instead buy in a store. The products came on a ship before whether for store shelves or an online order. Makes no sense. But leave it to 60 minutes to get no answers.
Christmas is commercialized garbage
At least they were able to get all those Christmas decoration in the stores by August.
Why does the color of the container matter? Do the different colors stand for something, or is it just aesthetic?
Well if this doesn't scream artificial supply chain shortage, I don't know what does.
That's why US should bring back manufacturing back.
This goes to show you that you can't always rely on this system to take care of you. Prepper for life.
Shipping prices today sound like lumber prices six months back.
Did he just say for Sheezzy 😆🤣😂😹
Capitalism is so awesome
Biden
Time to shop in stores again
Hahaha is this headline a rhetorical question?
Another way to cut wages and raise prices at the same time.  If the manufacturing base was still in the US this would not be occurring.  This has been a long term plan since US companies and corporations shipped jobs and manufacturing overseas, and at the same time receiving tax breaks and incentives for doing so.
Trump did!
I hope this bites them in the backside. Companies making money hand over fist and nothing is moving.  GREED......
Buy from made in the USA
Why is long lines inflation ?
How about unless we stop our consumption addiction
Luckily guns are still made in America right? So I can’t see a xmas gift shortage. And then you can shoot your way out of this after.
Democrats
I'd blame the ocean carriers. They're making record profits while truckers and other supply chain workers are seeing no benefit.
Why is the only port in Los Angeles?
The Biden Administration caused it
Pure madness !!!
Because of dumb president
The biden administration
Joe Biden's America people
Sleepy Joe that's why
That would be penny-pinching management. Straight-up.
One problem here is nothing is made in the USA anymore. No idea how much but would guess 85% of goods purchased came from oversea's (China).
Government needs to stop giving people free money to spend.  This is a too much demand problem that overwhelmed the supply chain.
This is their plan. Let’s go Brandon!
The incompetent Biden Administration and the Dock Workers Union in Long Beach.
Watch Just Wasted TV to see why we really have shortages. Like to hear your comments
The "theatre of the absurd" sums it all up!
Easy answer....the dipshit in the Oval office and his cronies!
And, it looks like this on the other end: when all the crap is broken, worn out, used up, and discarded for the landfill or the ocean.
It looks like a consumerist, throwaway society gone totally haywire.  Maybe we should just stop buying so much junk and replacing our current junk with new junk.  And the waste and pollution from all this consumption of energy and resources is choking the planet and making the climate potentially unlivable.  And the answer is, "Let's go Brandon?"  And replace all the Democrats with Republicans?  (Which is going to happen in 2022 and 2024.)
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas, everywhere you go....NOT!!!!
The Democratic Regime.
California…
100% private company problem, the government shouldn't be blamed for this; you likes your capitalism and you enjoys what it serves up.
YOU MEAN THE PROPAGANDA HAS JUST BEGUN!!!
Good piece of journalism 👏
Simple solution:  buy American. Make Christmas about Jesus and family.  Not about corporate greed.
And you thought logistics companies specialize in assuring the smooth   flow of goods and services to meet demand. 🤔
There's these things called Military bases. They have these things called M52A2s ( Semi Tractors) and these  people with MOS 88M10 ( Truck Drivers ). They have Cherry Picker Tanks that can hoist containers off chassis to secure & store containers... Of course there will be a few backing accidents here and there. However drivers gotta get experience some where. 418th Transportation out of Ft. Hood. for example. Their motto is "You call we haul". Looks like a Red Ball Express mission to me.
Brandon. Just saved you some time.
I blame the governor... who is put in charge of the state... the Governor can deny the mandates... Thanx Newsome
We go pee pee in your coke...
The crisis was created by our government... mandates ... you cant work here if you dont have the vaccine??? Welcome to the port of china... we pay you bills!!!???
Hate to say this but the docks ran smoothly when the mob was in charge
Sum ting wong... we shippy no unroad...
Port is doing this on purpose to receive funding to automate it. Got it.
This was planned by our government and other governments around the world.  They want this to happen, wake up people, this just doesn't happen on its own.
And inflation ...fuel prices...
Mandates did this...do not be niave... theater for the people that promote the vaccines..
Welcome to Racketeering...
GREEDY ONES AT THE TOP
There are three or four...major ports on the west coast...Seattle...Tacoma...s San Diego ...San Francisco ...
There is no coordinated effort... maybe we could ship to the region the product is going to...??? By ship... maybe we can coordinate with the shippers to provide effectiency... in to regional shipments...
It's called: GREED
DEEP STATE
Dems
Wow... Why no one sees that the real problem is that we don't make anything here in America and the Republicans love bashing China as some great evil but America can't even survive without China and talk about going to war with China???
It's called CREATING FAKE supply, demand and economic problems...Nothing new. TODAYS Social Media and INSTANT live broadcasting catches these criminals to get caught. All their answers of I Don't know are NOT credible...
I hope there aren’t any people in those containters
Pass the buck and the consumer pays for it 💯🤬🤬🤬
I have an old friend whose been a crane operator at a port for 26 years. There are plenty of employees who make excellent money and the crews are working 24/7. This is not a case of not enough workers it's Brandon. He is purposely holding back imports, why we dont know. Trump had our ports wide open and our borders secure. Brandon is allowing illegals to bring fentanyl and meth in by the ton. Brandon is destroying this nation. 2022 is going to be a bloodbath...
Politics, they are keeping it from us purposely. Don't believe what any big news say. This is a war that is from within our government.
All guns should be illegal. I trust the government.
Sounds very intense. human civilization... I don't even know what to say anymore
Democrats are to blame
LGB fjb
Wait! I thought America supposed to be number one. Greatest country I hear. 😂 America is a joke
Where are the longshoreman?
And the Port at VA Beach...as far as the eye can see...
Blah blah blah addiction to cheap Chinese goods is all this is.  We need to manufacture here at home instead of a country that hates us.
Inflation and increased prices from decreased supply aren’t the same thing 🤦‍♂️
Venture Capitalist fi ing America the same way they did to drugs.
All by design ..as if empty shelves and vital parts to run the country are less important than climate bull crap and more gene therapy jabs unless you happen to be  one of the elite behind all this misery .. ain’t it a sick sick world with wars,atomic bombs, drugs,AIDS, now this is their latest twist
The results of March 2020 propaganda
Very well done.  Credible, entertaining and fair.  Thanks.
need to shop less
The rich elite is causing the problems. Easy for the worker to figure out.
I blame that idiot Biden.......
Joe Biden.
Let's go Brandon !
You can get your holiday gift at Amazon right now.
The laws provided by liberals!! This is the only cause for it!!
Per usual 60 minutes only tells 1/4 of the story. There's more to the story about radical left  politicians, and unions who are responsible for this debacle.  There's plenty of stevedores, but California will only allow Union employees to work.  Wake up!
Joe biden caused this
LETS GO BRANDON
Okay if countries like Singapore,  Malaysia and cities like Hong Kong have mastered their logistics, then why not find out what they do and copy it. This may not help ys now but later down the line.
let’s go Brandon
Biden will fix it! HAHAHAHAHA
1 word. Biden This is the plan for build back better. Build back better is code for help America die. All you tv believing woke morons are at fault. You want things to get better. Stop voting if you aren't informed by anything other than tv and social media. It's entirely your faults. You hate common sense.
Why do tons of fentanyl in other illegal drugs still make it into our country during a time when our goods and Necessities can't
I call BS on the chassis problem!! There are plenty of "step deck" and roll back trailers on the roads!!
So no clear answer.   :/
How about adding some penalties to the shipping companies, so they would earn money by solving the problem? It do not sound like a good form of incentive that they make money by doing nothing about the problem...
Let's go Brandon!!!!
The government has caused this and it won't stop!! The government wants war to start on the USA.. they want the war here and they want it to start soon!! The government "over regulated" the trucks and trailers hauling out or in to the ports 10 years ago... So, this "problem " is self created by the government itself... This entire video reports with individuals that are idiots and have no knowledge of the shipping industry.
Looks like Santa 🎅🏻isn’t coming to town.
Keep pushing the buck
Why blame it on the deeply flawed supply chain system, the government being a baby about the pandemic, and the American consumer culture, when you can blame it on liner shipping companies?
Ask the LA/LB authority what % of the port is automated.... crickets from the union.
This is horrid reporting.  I'm a shipper... many of the statements they chose to include in this report are VERY high-level and don't explain the details... important details.  For example, they interview a guy with a TINY warehouse and he is the "authority" saying there's price-gouging by the vessels???  They have lost money for decades.  This piece is for common people, not anyone who'd in the transportation industry.  Very thin.
Materialism do we need more 💩💩💩💩 we don’t need to fill a hole in our life’s for validation from our families, friends and colleagues?
Joe Biden caused this mess he's a brilliant destroyer of a country. FJB.
I feel bad for all the people being human trafficked on those ships.
FINAL COMMENT IS THE ANSWER ……
ALL PORTS INTERNATIONALLY work 24 hours and have done for decades NOT SO US !
Lol automation trucking on ports.. machines on strike.. and ports keeping empty container.. employee show on tic toc.. so blame the gov and managements. That is making inflation
LA port director: "We gotta get the workforce in the trucking and warehouses that matches the ports" Hiring companies: best we can do is 10 dollars an hour
Nice to see all the comments aren't just partisan peeing matches.
You shouldn’t hold empty containers on chassis  . Every other country have in -land or near port empty stacking areas with equipment that can high stack empties  on the ground . The whole system in US in archaic because they dont allow private enterprise to modernise and operate port systems   .
The solution I’m taking is making myself available to everyone I have on my gift list is to use my help with any type of task on their To Do list. My presence will also serve to get back into family and friends relationships lost during this Pandemic. I have always thought that a father is not someone who buys you a gift on special occasions. A father is someone who is there to teach you and guide you so when you spread your wings there’s less bumps and bruises. Wrapped gifts are nice but I’m not going to gift the greedy.
I don't have any of these issues, cuz the holidays are stupid & I much prefer a lovely little thing called a 2nd hand store! 🤣
damn... no wonder my products are not coming over
The unnecessary Lockdowns and Biden's Vaccine mandate created a backlog and decimated the workforce numbers who got fired because they won't be forced to partake in the giant Lab Rat experiment  ;)
Here is a thought.....now that Chinese products ain't that cheap anymore, why don't we build something called FACTORIES & put good paying jobs for folks called AMERICANS, to work, in those FACTORIES & buy MADE IN THE USA! And no, I don't wanna hear the usual bs about how too expensive it is, cuz obviously that is no longer a good enough argument! 🤨
The Republican politicians must continue [with] their [40 years of] Trickle-down  deregulation and small government laws. Moreso government must continue to be ran like a business by businessmen. Afterall, that's why government and finance or business are taught distinctly different. Feel the Bern! What would Bernie Sanders do?
sooo not one mention of the fact there are less unloaders, and less truck drivers - due to so many quitting because of a vax requirement. cant say i'm surprised.... I mean, wouldnt want to actually adresss the elephant in the room or anything
More like billions trapped in the chain
Biden did.
PDP ice age baby dies-https://youtu.be/CRCU9889lLg
You could say this is the problem created by prioritizing only profits for decades shocking.
The ports can't or won't unload the shipps in a timely manner and the trucking companies do not want to get a parking lot and store all the empty shipping containers . Just melt and recycle the empties. Send the metal to Elon. He knows what to do with it
Perhaps there's a new port coming to a coast near yoou!
People voting for career politicians
LA Port manager  will fine shipping line for any cargo that sits on the docks more than 9 days... it's like if cops would legally slash your tires than giving you a ticket for slashed tires
It could be an opportunity for Mexico or Puerto Rico to attract businesses which are being forced to leave China. The CCP has gone full authoritarian and wants to control all of the world. A company has to decide if they support the CCP or their own country. Therefore the companies are leaving China.  If Puerto Rico wants to attract business then it should get rid of its corporate tax and sell itself as a business friendly place just like Mexico. The US could then ship illegal immigrants to work in Puerto Rico. Win/win.
Whomever decided to cut out 3rd shift shopping RUINED USA and increased covid deaths
Hire more people
If there is a shortage of shipping container undercarriage chassis because the ports don't take them back then the trucking companies should just take them off the trailers and store them somewhere, maybe even sell the containers. Bad business to keep your trailers tied up like that
Let’s go Brandon
Capitalism on steroid
Incompetent Demo Rats.
Interesting that they did not research the port unions and California's onerous regulations in this battle.  No independent trucks allowed into the LA and Long Beach ports and no trucks older than 2011 allowed to operate at the ports.
Let's Go Brandon!
Maybe if we weren’t such a throw away society
Don't even try to hang this crisis on us, we're already over worked and under paid.
Maybe stop sending ships for a minute?
Brandon..who else
Time to turn to American made products???
COVID is also a reason.
lol there's nothing wrong with the supply chain! Ya don't got a PHD in Supply Chain! Quit yapping! Let's go, Brandon!
It is also the union’s cost of the industry, and the states rules on trucks. Not just what he is saying. It is the starting point of understanding.
The real answer: the California state government banned 90% of the trucks that can transport shipping containers out of the ports.
This is a plan by the Biden administration to cause Economic destruction for this country. The democrats are in it to win it for the Chinese government. Traitors to the American people!
I know you can do better my family proved it but the price is the problem going up that’s your problem inflation so stop telling us about what we know tell us about the new law that stops inflation from stealing  and gouging our wallets!
The higher prices are because the US is printing money. The more money which is printed then the less which it can purchase.  The FED is actually able to reach into your bank account or the under the mattress and lower the value of the money which you have. Printing money is the same strategy which Zimbabwe and Venezuela used. How are those countries doing now?
Before I retired I was working 100 hours every eight days. My company ran 24/7  365 a year the lights needed no switch on the wall because they were never turned off. My grandpa and my dad work in the same place as I did and they never seen it shutdown.
Government lockdowns did
Pony Express is faster than the containers leaving the rail yard
Trump trade war and port Union
You know who owns the railroads? Warren Buffet!
California passed a law in 2020 which prevents trucks older than 13 years from operating. For every small  truck owner which does not have the money to buy a new truck or an engine from 2010, it is one less truck driver to move containers stuck in the port.
The man said it pirates
Help!! I need my new Alder lake laptop with discrete graphics and ECC RAM!
since when does a color of an empty being returned to a terminal matter? never heard of this , if anyone can shed light on that let me know please
There isn’t much the Biden administration can do huh? Biden admin is controlled by the Global-E. They have their marching orders and this is it.
idiot biden admin?
And the merchant marine fleet is being dismantled!
Not enough California compliant semis, drivers on enhanced and extended unemployment.
Greed
A binge fueled by govt handouts,  rent moratorium,  covid shut down,  and a bunch of stupid crap!
Don't bother to mention that alot of the companies are using these boxes and chassis as mobile storage. I have a buddy in  Miami fighting w/ a customer for the 2nd day about dropping her box so they can use it as storage and unload at their convenience.  We don't do that unless it's a local customer. They also forgot to mention that since we are a JIT society and have done away with warehouses.
Cosco is a China state owned company which owns the US ports of Long Beach, Los Angeles and Seattle. CMPort another China stated owned company has minority ownership of ports in Miami and Houston. I find it interesting that the shipping problems began just as China started an effort to seize Taiwan by force.
29 year setup Machinist. Just Retired. Would love to help out. Healthy at 60. I'm game! Any chance I could do the job. I'm available.
Biden and Harris and pelosi need to be tried for treason they are out to destroy America watch Dyed in red Kamala Harris and she's our VP wtf uo
The sleepness and infighting of our great leaders in DC are the roots of every problem we face today.
People aren't looking to cooperate media for truth. Your opinion pieces have ruined your credibility . Its hillarious that you keep trying though. But then you keep lying as well. How are your ratings? Hahahaha
I watched the 60 minutes presentation. The people they interview didn't identify the problem and offered no solutions. The one good question is who is making the money? When you get paid 17 times more for a contained from China to the US  and the same container going back to China is filled with low yield revenue you see the problem. I believe there is only one small American owned and operated shipping company left.  Rather than Bezos  going to the Moon maybe he should build 100 cargo ships with the petty cash he made in profits from the pandemic? It would  help balance the trade deficit and the consumer.  Since there is no profit in it, that ain't going to happen.
If the absurd profiteering were removed from the current supply chain calamity we would see improved logistics. When companies are making record profits & 10 times the previous fee per container they are disincentivized to find resolution. The pandemic has become "The Great Excuse". Shipping delay.. pandemic. Absurd fees & skyrocketing cost to customers.. pandemic. Explosion of the wealth gap.. pandemic.  It's undeniable that COVID had a massive, multi-prong impact on society, but we have forgotten accountability. "Pandemic" is the catch-all for profit over people!
Democrats and China
Its all part of their plan
If USA suffers from this, so will europe also. The world economy is connected. So please, fix this before we have a breakdown all over the world!
Um Biden!
I bet Donald Trump could make it happen
See, its not brandons fault for inflation, nice excuse CBS(ControlBrandonS$%^), gas doesnt come from china, inflation comes from govt flooding the market with worthless $
Easy. Democrats/ Biden screwing everyone over.
The answer is the Biden admin! Let's go Brandon
This is what happens when you privatize everything.
Isnt it funny that the uk suffered shortage if truck drivers. Even though the road haulage association said we have truck drivers. And now the americans have this same problem but at the ports. Even though durring covid we where all good. Sounds like goverment and friends are doing this is inflating prices making them more money
If I were a betting man, I'd say someone is making a lot of money off of this "back log". We wont have supplies because we got too many supplies...ahhh storage fees and penalties
Government
Pretty sure these ships contain illegals
Build Back Better in full force.
This is happening LITERALLY in my backyard. Wilmington, CA (aka the Heart of the Harbor) is the port of L.A. Cargo trucks were being parked in local neiborhoods. 😳
Don't buy if you don't really need something. Or buy in the states.   To support our general strike please  boycott black Fri and mon . Once people stop buying the prices going to drop like a rock.  Just like gas,  stop buying if you don't need to, if buying slows prices will drop.
Just look at the fool in the White House, there lies your answer!
ELD mandates, long waits at ports, incompetent shippers and receivers, cheap freight, high fuel costs etc etc etc
Biden! Next question!
Joe Biden and Pete Buttgig did it
Mafioso are controlling it.
It’s a bloody racket and we’re the ones suffering
Stop importing cheep goods! That will solve the problem, there not so cheep anymore.
It's apparent, the only thing in this situation '🇺🇸made in America🇺🇲' is this Port debacle.
Name a thing which needs day naps and diaper changes that starts with “B” ?
Guess I'll have to drive to Long Beach to get my stuff!
It’s not price gouging, you are competing with thousands of others to get that same product. Competition drives up price. It is market forces, thanks to increased demand and bottle necks that grew to large.
chainlink
Air shipping will do it
The union that controls the Long Beach port is the reason behind this mess. There are enough drivers to unload all the cargo within hours. Follow the money …
Looks like the bill from NAFTA is coming due.
It basically comes down to the abhorrent greed of Capitalism. It will destroy us if we don’t contain it. This is making it clear and obvious. As someone who works at the Port, they are absolutely correct, with the exception of the booking system being “antiquated.” It is not antiquated, it is proficient and works when there is space and cargo isn’t being held hostage at $25,000 a container instead of $2,500 at the most.
All by design don't believe a word of this wake up normies
Oh boy I can’t wait to watch 13 minutes of blatant lies and avoiding the real issue
These cargo companies are price gouging... and they’re not paying employees more. Make these port jobs the most coveted jobs in the country and the freight will move. Make trucking a 6 figure job immediately and the freight will move. You have to give people incentive to do this work.
What caused this it's an easy answer it's Joe Biden wake up people ! We didn't even have this issue during the height of the pandemic in 2020
Joe Biden
No people in the warehouses have nothing to do right now because we have no products to move take some responsibility and get the packages out
The Biden Regime.
And what are we going to do? Same thing as always. Give American business leaders responsible a large raises, big bonuses for the price increases they will introduce and consumers will pay while the incompetent blame everyone, anyone except the business leaders who caused it because those very same business leaders are giving to their campaign funds.
This is the end result of a system designed to constantly COMPETE rather than COLLABORATE. The sooner we realize, we are ALL in his together the sooner we get out of so many messes we find ourselves in.   I also want to know why is the government always blamed for failures of capitalism but the minute those for profit companies need their industry bailed out they are all silent on 'socialism' ...
Where is the government, why they dont step in to bring solutions, If a caos is happening in your house, you as the men step in and bring solutions!!!
Let's  do this.  Stop buying Chinese junk!!
Why didn't they mention how California has recently changed their emission laws for semi trucks? California has mandated such strict emission laws that barely one semi out of 1000 can operate in the state of California.
The more I listen the more it appears that this is an ad for government takeover of the supply chain which will only make it worse.
Nothing about California banning all trucks older than 2018 through regulations.
Big propaganda piece here.  They ended it with suggesting Washing DC have yet more control.  Not one mention of the awful governor of California who's really responsible for this with his terrible liberal policies.  Anti independent truckers and emissions mandates.
If you don’t pay the storage what happens?
DemocRATS, especially the CA democRATS, who are crazy environmentalists, and trucks can't even get into CA.
We are to dependent on imported goods
We need some essential workers. Or is that not a thing now?  Nobody is essential with vaccine mandates
You ask a very big question but provided only bits of information in response. You should also have interviewed the key US administrators: the Secretaries of Transportation and Commerce. Seeing you fly around the ports in a helicopter and walk into an empty shipping room aren't very informative.
"Along the way we found chaos, finger pointing, huge profits, and massive losses." I'm nearly 100% certain this isn't a market shift and infrastructure scalability issue. I think it's FAR more likely it's similar to the manufactured electrical shortages Enron engineered. Did 60 minutes spend any time independently analyzing who's profiting from this situation, and what role(s) they play in the supply chain? Who at 60 minutes thinks we'll get to the bottom of this issue by interviewing CEOs and business owners?  This piece strikes me as the worst kind of lazy journalism. What's the value in doing a story like this if you're not going to do a bare minimum of legwork to scrutinize what these business leaders are saying? Get your hands on some relevant statistics. Do some independent analysis. I don't see 60 minutes asking anyone difficult questions.
Blame just in time delivery and stupid legislation written and submitted by moronic politicians and greedy corporations, because trust me backup or not, these corporate scumbags are going to make record breaking profits.
Hey, I heard about the crunch. Apparently truck drivers are retiring and the newest generation hasn't been trained for many reasons
Paranoia and executive overreach caused it.
Create problems, increase prices, do nothing to fix said problem & continue to profit. Then, just before the bailout funds clear the bank, Republicans throw in a tax cut for your industry. Thanks privately owned infrastructure, you've done such a great job keeping the lights on in TX too!
This is a fun story. Take care of your neighbors.
Isn’t Squirrel Boy Pete in charge 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Make it here in the USA, problem solved.
Joe Biden.
JOE BIDEN
Terribly administrative issues if anything
there's a port in San Francisco and there's the Port of Seattle so what's really going on here? this looks like organized chaos, this probably go deeper than you can imagine, there might be some political influence here
I believe that everything is part of a socialist plan, to manufacture more in the USA and import less from CHINA. and create more jobs in American companies. Biden said in a speech: "PLAN FOR JOB CREATION." The invasion from CHINA to Taiwan is coming. We CANNOT depend on China. But we are in an inept government and they did everything wrong. Road shipment of a machine that is made in Mexico is more expensive than shipment from China by sea. Mexico can make machines, electronics and food but relations with Mexico are bad. We need Trump and all socialists to go home. Biden printed a lot of dollars, and when Trump comes in he is going to have to take billions of dollars in taxes off the market. one put it the other has to take it out. and the other option is the legalization of the "illegals" but Trump would never do it. We just have to save money
The ports are the choke point of this mess.  And the root cause is lack of competition.  The govt has created a monopoly with the ports run buy labor unions.
Weird..... we have been talking about the growing problem of empty containers for  over a decade at our biggest ports..... I mean the whole "container house" movement was popularized by the fact that there are sooooooo many empties. Now these empties actually cause a problem, the reporter points out the issue, and everyone just has a giggle like "oh well". Auction off 50% of empties inventory at the Port currently, and incentivize trucks to show up without a container for a short period.
Let me tell you why this is happening.  All the ports in China have automatic system but the us ports refused to intall them because the city union workers.  It's the unions fail this nation.
Democrat policy.  Screws up everything it touches.  Next question.
One word MANIPULATION
Oakland and San Francisco port are empty. Send ships there
What cause it . One word. Democrats and F joe biden
GREED
It’s the vax manadates the people are leaving these jobs that require the vax. I will be doing the same in January
So the capitalists are being gouged by other capitalists… ironic.
it's all part of the plandemic
If the supply is UP shouldn't the rices go down
Joe biden
maybe   they  should   check out Europe.   No such a problem
This is mind blowing.
The only way to destabilize a world super power like the United States is through the economy. The increase in costs start at the freight ships sitting at the port. Maersk and others seem to be the companies causing the problems sending goods when they know they cannot dock right away.
Shortages are a feature not a flaw of planned economies.
FMCSA clearinghouse Jan 2020 is the reason these ports are backed up, there's no other reason PERIOD
“Sheep is the easiest animal to herd  Please keep few since the wool will be expensive “ —Riddler
Must be trumps fault
Let’s start making good here in USA … problem solved
Best informative documentary yet - thank you.
MAYOR KALIFORNIA 💰💰🩹🩹...
Make your product here.
Why does a local city have a control over a port that is taking in foreign product?  Seems like this should be a state or federal level thing.
Everything they do is illegal and I’m sorry someone needs to go to jail.
The simple solution is to stop ordering everything from china!
Don’t buy China and they won’t sell China.  It’s consumers fault.
nothing there is no supply issue its a staffing issue you put WOKE people in charge & you are seeing the impacts its that simple
This is a global cool-down strategy. They are saying it’s temporary because people would unite, and organize against the government, if they didn’t lie.  This isn’t temporary. This is the beginning of a new normal.  I could explain everything, but normalcy bias keeps everyone’s head in the sand.  “It’s all a coincidence, nothing to see here!”, is EASYER to believe. The truth would make people feel afraid, powerless and angry.
The Dems started handing out big checks each month to the unemployed. So longshoremen and truckers decided why work when they could sit at home watching football and drinking beer. That is why we have a supply chain debacle.
Let Singapore handle it
I'm curious! if there are important supplies on some of the shipping containers? that should be in like hospitals and needy locations? would it be possible to distribute some military: tohat are on reserve? getting that stuff straightened out! just saying!
Not only are the vessel lines price gouging, the CITY owned PORTS are not supporting the process at all; they price gouge, and charge unneeded fees for no reason, which gets passed on to consumers.   You get 3 days to pick up a container once unloaded.  If port closes for a personal reason, they charge YOU storage! Like guy said in video; a charge for nothing you have done.  It's criminal actually.
If you made it in the United States no problem corporate greed stupidity and dumbing down education lead to this.  It took 4 stores for me to find powdered sugar to make homemade frosting everything is done for you corporations hate individual thinkers and doers. Like I can't make wooden furniture in the back yard why? It's a violation of the landlord Association. Do an experiment look at the cost of a ready made cake $10 then baking from scratch eggs oil cake flour powder sugar Crisco $15 see what they doing praying on your forget it feeling .entire Thanksgiving meals ordered on line Xmas dinner on line clothes electronics jewelry trinkets all made in Asia coming to America and price gouging made for $0.75 sold to you $9.99
It's California democrat government stopping it. It's all in the plan along with DC to drive inflation up.
Welcome to lean manufacturing! Lol
Let’s go Brandon
Stop importing goods from China, and nobody needs that much crap, and plastic housewares. If we weren't so gross, and consumer overloaded, we'd be fine.
By the time you get to about the 13 minute mark, you (most clearly) hear the problem.  The localities are running the ports.  Put another way, the Democrats in charge of these cities are putting onerous requirements on the transportation system.  After you filter through all the gobbledygook, you find out one of those who is making the real money.  The ocean going shipping companies are making fantastic profits and the city is stymieing any possibility of clearing the mess up.  Why would the city do something like this?   It is likely corruption in most cases.  This is a great reason why EVERY politician worldwide (and their entire extended families) need to have a thorough audit done annually so we can see if they are working for their private gain.  Term limits would certainly help.
This is a wake up call for us. We have to manufacture here, yet nearly impossible with the minimum wage laws. we stll have to do it and charge more try and get richer customers. We have been getting everything from China for too long.  I also heard the truck drivers have to be vxxed. a lot were not. billionaires are getting richer and small businesses are suffering.
This shows we need to stop doing buisness with china and start providing and making things back in the usa
why is Miami doing so great?
Of course sixty minutes isn't going to point fingers at the very Corporations that pay CBS via advertising, so they omit the general culpability of ending any degree of INVENTORY to increase profits.  Take Wal-Mart distribution centers as an example. A two hour window for truck deliveries. Too early and there's no floor space for the delivery. Too late and local truck deliveries are leaving without that product.   The bean counters ideal is zero inventory with a smooth, unending in and out flow.  Trouble is any hiccup, weather, traffic and worse 'supply chain' issues and the whole system becomes a mess.  In one facet, the automotive chip issue was solvable with foresight. Hyundai has their own chip plant, apparently, and has full inventories.
I'll take "everything but Joe Bidens policies" for 400 Alex
Truck drivers have to pay hundreds of dollars to enter the port to pick up these containers every time. Then they have to wait hours to pick up and leave. Of course there would be a shortage on truck drivers coming to the ports. There is no incentive to do that job when another pick is easier, cost less and pays better.
Let’s talk about the percentage more these firms ordered as a response to online selling. “Oh I sold, x50’s more units in 2020 than 2019, to appease my shareholders I better ensure I have at least that much for the next year, or maybe more!” So now I have x75 the inventory order I had in 2019 with no real expectation that those sales numbers are accurate, or will be realized again. It’s called greed, we just spell it USA.
Did Americans self medicate with online shopping during the pandemic? Lol
NO NO Nooo... it's not a bottleneck anymore it's a DEADLOCK!
Use the military
Aw The joys of end stage capitalism in the US. Lol
Can we say Biden, or whoever is running him ( Obama)
Sit still while making money is brilliant. Kudos Americans.
They shipped all manufacturing overseas. These businesses don’t want to accept any fault for themselves.
If no one is going to play nice and blame/charge each other for problems, sounds like nationalization would be a good solution to remove the crony capitalism and price gouging.
It isn't just the docks causing problems.  I've ordered some stuff  supposed to be delivered yesterday.  It shipped fine, but now it it just sitting in a FedEx facility 250 miles away, now saying it will be delays 4 more days.  Why?  I mean, you can drive to Dallas from here is 4 of 5 hours.
Mainstream media is so funny and predictable.  Covering for the Biden admin left and right.  You know damn well if Trump was President, the headline would be "How Trump caused Americas supply chain crunch."  One important job of the entire Admin is to maintain. That means their job is actually not to let issues happen in first place.  Horrible administration and policy is what caused the issues.
Oh well. My kids are spoiled anyways.
9 days to get goods off the dock, versus 2 days? There are various things wrong with this process aside from the obvious profiteering by the shipping companies and others.
a bunch of B.S.
Too much dependence on foreign manufacturing.  Too bad stupid pols do not want to import ready labor to work here in the USA to make and transport goods.  Shorten transportation lines with more local manufacturing.
W2g trump
Shipping companies truly taking advantage of the situation, it only benefits them making record profits to keep these “shortage” going.  According to the comments, people are obviously eating up the “blame China”, “truckers”, “rail yards”, etc.
More crap we probably don't need. Obviously, not all of it, but I'm sure most of it. And now we pay more and more for crap. So many issues have been brought to the forefront by the pandemic. Will we learn anything from this or just go back to hoping crap will make us happy?
Proves that truck drivers ain’t the problem. By federal law; a truck driver can only work 14 hours a day/ or up to 11 hours of driving, and he’s waiting up to these many hours to get his container loaded or unloaded, that’s half his day! Thus only able to do one dispatch out of the port a day. That sucks.
Its all a very big game of chess, and the rich will just get richer from it!
This isn’t by accident nor has anything really changed. In fact we spent less last year and had less supply so it was equalized. The only thing that has changed is government control & company panic/pandering!! #Veterans4america
It's Trumps fault. And the alt-right (non socialists)
What caused this? Dumb-o-crats, thats what
Hey here's an idea.  Instead of having a bunch of seperate meetings with each head of the supply chain, why not have one meeting and make a required participant the head of the supply chain.  There's no way this problem gets solved unless people work together; everyone is doing their own thing looking out for their best interests.
There are small and large size businesses that import. Small guys cannot afford $250 perdiem daily penalty, let alone being out of stock and not being able to return the money that has been paid for this very stock. There is also these large companies with carrier contracts and yard space they use the yard for storage. It is not the retailers for sure, makes no sense to put your entire operation at stall. An operation which must keep its inertia or otherwise every member to this chain suffers: consumers will get retail price increases or no stock, retailers will have to let go of employees and warehouse workers because there is no product to be handled, business owners fall short of paying their overhead, warehouse rents, suppliers payables. It is a fact carriers, steamship lines, forwarders are the worst in this supply chain. Indeed this is the most unfair price gouging and imported extortion in history of trading. Listen and believe the small business owners that have no political agenda, no goverment sallary nor support.
So, these guys have created a bottleneck and now they tell us it's not our fault..
Well this is easy covid did when ships had to start setting and waiting to clear checks or wait 2 weeks to unload then the country shut down and people couldn't work
I’m sure you’ll find some way to blame the people that have been out of office for a year...
Welcome to joe bidens America!
The mental illness of liberalism continues
So this is where dad's learn their jokes from
This happens when you ship out the production jobs overseas and fail to produce anything anymore... #CleanYourRoomAmerica.
#poopypantsbiden talking and no action
That's were my damn iphone 13 pro max  i order is 😡😡
Let’s go Brandon!!!!
Union workers are to lazy, and they don’t hire enough to cover truck drivers. It takes 2 hours to pick a load in Long Beach.
Im a longshoreman at the port of Oakland and it’s been the slowest it’s ever been in years. Barely any truckers coming to pick up boxes getting unloaded from ships. Barely any ships being docked for the last 4-6 months. Something just isn’t adding up
I’ll save y’all the 60 minutes… it’s the Democrats giving out free $ so people don’t work
“I love trade wars and tarrifs” - Donald J Trump
No mention of the major problem of getting empty containers back to China. THAT is the issue. China stopped taking the west’s garbage for recycling in 2018 and since there is almost nothing to ship to China, etc, all the empty containers are stuck in the import ports so they’re not getting cleared, so no space for incoming full containers….
What nobody wants to talk about is the Jones Act. This an old maritime law that prohibits foreign ships from moving freight between US ports. Which means if a Chinese ship wants to trade with more than one American port, it has to make one stop, go all the way back to China, and cross the Pacific again. No one actually does that so most of the time they'll make one stop at the Port of Los Angeles, which of course clogs that port up with cargo to the determent of the Hawaiian economy. What's worse, it costs three times as much for US ships to move freight than foreign ships, and we pay that cost in some form or another. This is what you get for "protecting" a handful of jobs in an uncompetitive and inefficient industry.  Unfortunately the majority of the voting public is economically illiterate and tends to favour this type of protectionism. They also don't comprehend the relationship between the import tariffs, which Biden refuses to lift, and inflation. Lifting the tariffs won't cure everything, but it'll surely encourage some import competition which will bring prices down.
This story didn't reveal anything new.
Follow the money .
This is what happens when you export jobs. US red tape, money hungry corporations  and bad ideas all around. The need for profits created this. We never had this issue when things were still made in America.
WS are the reason for this, they moved all our jobs out of the country now Americans depend on other countries for to much product.  "The cost of Racism". Get the dumb out of government!
This is one of the biggest disaster in American history and consumers are paying the ultimate cost
Just like our borders, the msm gives us gobble-d -goop excuses when it’s part of the global plan to bring down America and build back better for elites..
How about expose the individuals doing this?
Behead these corporate gougers and bottleneckers then things will change better and quicker than legislation.
There are more than enough outside truckers that are willing and capable of handling this amount of cargo. And good minute that. But my coworkers don’t  always treat them properly or efficiently.
He’s correct
Buying American made products wouldn’t be sitting on a ship from China.
Let me save you 60 Minutes. THE GOVERNMENT IS TO BLAME, period!
War in Middle East: price gouging. Covid: price gouging. Idiots: Blame liberals and workers. Corporations: We make it worse than it already is, count the money, and let idiots blame workers wanting a fair wage.
Best intro ever 😂😂😂
The voters who voted for FJB.
No one in the program is telling you the actual problem.  The same amount of cargo and containers may be unloaded and transported in just days with a port managed with just a fraction of the workers at this ports, and all on site transport being down by AI run, unmanned vehicles. Tell your government to get its act together.
wasn't it the pandemic?
Wit the cost of imports rising, isn't it better to just manufacture IN the USA now?
Don't blame the truckers. Why don't you look at the California laws that messed up trucking and labor.
Biden
Way bring made in china...  Start make made in USA..   Regards from Finland...😁👍
I feel like I am watching a Twilight Zone episode back in the day about the future I saw this coming, I did my Christmas shopping months and months ago. I also bought from Etsy and small business in local area. Stores shelves are empty, but we should be even more worried about food supply. I have been trying to find a supplement I need to take for health reasons, the price has tripled and that’s if you could find it. I saw it on Amazon yesterday, what used to cost me $31 Is  $149 now…
Capitalism at its best!
America is now a full blown Communist country, Russia 1927, the same problems, empty shelves, homeless vets, lazy and expensive government like Pete Buttegig
CHINA is Americas problem
A big plot to make a force inflation , so discourage the more aggressive plans to whealt share.
Lower the interest rate Print Trillions out of nothing Literally give people free money   WhY iS tHe SuPpLy ChAiN sO bAd
If you rely on China for your goods and imports then you deserve what you get
Build and buy American! No brainer you window lickers.
The Biden administration is to blame. I know some greasy fat pig with multi color hair is still chanting orange man bad now give me some more government cheese.
Americas crunch has been caused by CALIFORNIA AND THE WAR ON TRUCKERS, I work at a truckstop in mid-Missouri 3rd shift and California is slowly killing America's economy with the stiff regulations on tractor trailers entering their state. It must be 2011 or newer rig and must have a blu def exhaust system,  which in laments terms for all the non mechanical people that means they pretty much banned half if not more of the available work force and available trucks to move the imports exports in and out of our great country....the truckers say F California and they refuse to drive there. California is a big problem and contributing factor #1 to the nation's shipping epidemic.
My it’s almost like having a ridiculous trade war with China is having serious repercussions. Yet Biden is gonna get blamed for this debacle
We cant do anything about it, so I'm not worried
Only one solution: "Buy only what is necessary until this made nonsense ends" For starters, our Kids can do without toys this Christmas. Christmas will still merry without the toys, with what we have all been through, we should all be grateful just to be alive. Merry Christmas to everyone ❤
because is the God of Death is watching
Your incoherent commander in chief
Communist Demo rats have F**ked up EVERYTHING...
Get back to the basics this season and celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ
The real reason for this is because the fed has printed so much money people are buying crap.  Less money less crap bought.  Simple supply and demand.   There is too much money floating around and not enough goods for that money.   This piece is full of sh*y if the fed didn’t print money from thin air idiots wouldn’t be buying sh*t from China.  Everyone is stupid.
That's easy the Liberal Socialist unamerican swamp not just the left but the right also.
Buyers Remorse voting in Biden?
You guys at CBS News are 12 months late!
Let CBS News provide cover for Biden!
After watching this and giving my outlook from a truckers perspective, I'd blame the logistics of the ports and rail services. If you can't store empties because of space, there should be a yard specifically for that and trucks should be coming the ports with chassis like thousands of them and the rail needs to have lanes of empty rail cars ready to be filled to eliminate back up issues. There should be plenty of container yards within the country, warehouses ready to be filled, and more ports within the country along the ocean borders
It's Trumps fault!!! ;-)
Why isn't the government moving these containers for Housing? R we stupid or something? Get it done. Common sense people.
The Government and their plan💯🤷 they know that US U.S. citizens to distracted by RACE AND POLITICAL PARTIES AND SOME OF US TO DUMB TO EVEN RECOGNIZE WHAT'S HAPPENING.
Easy....US Communist Gov. Both Red and Blue.
BRANDON'S AMERICA
Sounds like they have a genius supply chain.
It's not as much a  "supply chain crunch", as it is the economy being collapsed.  The Federal Reserve has stopped putting liquidity into the system, so the economy is starting to implode. In other words, "The bubble is bursting".
THE WEST IS TO BLAME FOR ALL MODERN PROBLEMS IN SOCIETY.
When the US doesnt look after its body with its own overconsumption, and is now choking on its own supplies, like an obese person, who has always been told that they're fine, by the people around them 🤦‍♂️😂
As a dispatcher I agree 💯 percent with max schrab. It’s the Appt system for the ports that’s messing us up. They’re so strick on the empty returns it makes it impossible to get an empty to match the load. It’s hard.
Wow this is ridiculous
Stop buying stuff we don't really need. I'm just making it worse for.myself when I do, by supporting thieves.
finger pointing.. thats why we pay more.. sounds about right.. greed has made it possible for nothing being made here in the U.S. shame on us..
Brandon's fault.
And the US is still debating on how much money they are willing to spend on infrastructure lol
I just watch this video about the port of baltimore. They are just working fine https://youtu.be/U1QYDB-btnw
MANUFACTURED !!!!!
Price controls need like during WW2
Looks like China is winning this silent war.
There appears to be one clear pressure point that can release this whole mess. A Big piece of land and a bunch of container cranes to clear the empty containers of the Chassis… Then the chassis can roll, then the goods can move. The rest will flow from there.
Politics👌
Finally something I agree with.
Ask yourself, if trump was president would he let this happen? We all know the answer!
Coz USA has NO money to clear these goods . That's the truth .
It was just announced they are going to build a huge yard in Utah for storage to get them off docks and stored in desert. We have a lot of space here that's only 1 day away from ports. They are calling it an inland port.
This country is rudderless with clowns like Biden and Newsome running the show.  Say what you will about Trump, but he would have found a way to break through this log jam with some executive orders and direct funding. Look at what he did to fast-track the vaccines when all the Democrats laughed and said it couldn't be done for years.
Biden all on Biden  #FJB
An idiot president ...
If they lowered the prices this supply crunch would be even worse
Deep state government bureaucracy and bozo the clown we call Brandon him and his government mandates high fuel costs an employee shortages add to that shipping embargos among other things, in other words this administration...
They should make a huge port at the mouth of the Mississippi that can serve large ships and container on barge
This Christmas I’d advise you to buy local
Glut incoming!
As a U.S retired U.S Marine I've traveled the world the U.S is not the greatest country in the world
Great journalism.
This is actually when Joe biden needs to use his powers
Why don’t we make everything that’s made in China here in the good old USA  Capitalism; f.**k  NO 😤😠😡🤬
Joe biden could use the military to take some of the pressure off the tuckers by storing the containers
Los Angeles is always the problem
Start buying used goods for Christmas.
This is orchestrated to price gouge the retailer and ultimately the consumer. The fines are unreasonable and unconscionable.
Haha america in destruction mode. That happens when you don't focus on infrastructure like china , and spends all your money for war to protect Israel's interest.  Suffer dumbos...
Undeniable price gouging.
End the duopoly!!!!!!!! Will fix half of the current problems
China own our ports
BIDEN. their just saved you 60 minutes
They can just dump all these empty containers in the desert and come back for them later if too many empties is the problem. Use the dry desert as a giant warehouse
60 mins? Everything they say is BS. Let's go brandon! DISLIKE!!!
Florida is accepting the back logs of ships from California. I'm not buying that this a infrastructure problem. California is a cesspool. This is a leadership problem. Get people to work and get rid of the red tape and let people do their job. You noticed they don't want to talk about California's massive unemployment. Not to mention the two million people leaving California which doesn't reflect in the unemployment number. California's unemployment is almost four times Nebraska's. Maybe if there was some good leadership in the state there would be a improvement.
are chicken eggs also shipped in these imported freight. 60min reaches a new low of USG intel propaganda. the spokesman another Borat emptysuit
And all the morons who watch Fantasyland News (and will never see this report) just blame President Biden. Great.
I keep seeing endless comments about “MAKE IN AMERICA!” and I couldn’t agree more. However, I think people are only seeing one side of this issue as Chinese products or foreign goods. No one is talking about foreign raw materials. Made is America should be more incentivized, but I think more Americans need to realize how reliant we are as a nation upon other countries. This isn’t an issue of cheap plastic toys or Christmas gifts. It’s aluminum, Ammonia, diesel, palm oil, gravel, corn, wood and everything in between. We can not create goods and services without the trade of other nations.
Why is it that all these container ships have to dock and unload in LA ? We haven’t heard of other ports in the West Coast  getting congested. So why not unload these containers in other ports in the West Coast like Seattle, San Francisco,, San Diego and others that are not so busy, all the way to Houston. With the number of 80 to 100 ships still waiting at the LA port, Christmas goods will be expensive, or never unloaded and bought this year, the big supply chain of goods will be disrupted here that will result in higher costs of goods or the dreaded inflation. Are some people gauging other people, are the Unions against the unloading in other ports or are there rules against unloading of goods in other ports. There may be fines, or some money to pay, but the other consequences may be worst.
More like 13 minutes
Good thing I got my Christmas shopping done around February, lol.
The point being federal government can’t do much because it comes down to private companies, capital expenditures and local gov that frankly doesn’t gives a damn about the bigger picture
Could this excessive profit be the 'real' reason for China creating the Covid virus??
That online order will never end xd 👨‍💻.....now add to cart
This is how China is getting the fentanyl in the United states.
Don’t trust men trust God   The longest eclipse coming up Nov 19th followed by a solar eclipse Dec 4th, hopefully this is it folks,   “The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and the terrible day of the Lord come.” Joel‬ ‭2:31‬ ‭KJV‬‬  1. Admit you’re a sinner in need of a savior 2. Believe with your heart on Jesus Christ and his sacrifice on the cross so your sins are forgiven and your soul sealed  3. Confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and you shall be saved!
Stop buying things you don’t need.
glad biden, or his master is running the show
Joe Biden's Build Back Better.
If you thought it was ugly in past years when customers fought over merchandise, wait until this year.
Maybe if they wod not have shut the country down to begin with this wouldn't have happen.
Blame?  How about all the hyper-controlling governing officials around the world who actually shut down the world economy?   Someone actively made decisions to stop workers around the globe.   My industry has also suffered greatly.
DEMOCRATS, That's what's caused it.
Building more terminals to encourage more low cost overseas imports is not a solution. The solution is to invest in new technologies and training....like 3D printing, robotics, clean energy....and build those factories onshore, with American labor.
If they are depending on California politicians (Democrats) nothing will get done….LA county is bankrupt….billions in state taxes and still massive homelessness, crime, and now this….worst run state in the history of the USA…Blue states suck with inefficiency’s
I miss President Trump.
So the port made the most profit out of all this… 68% to be exact 💵💵💵💵 Ok 🙄
Americans.....the solution is simple. Stop buying low quality Chinese junk you don’t really need. The problem is consumption. If you need something, buy local, buy used, trade or barter (many apps out there cater to these trends)....or simply do without. You will feel better and be richer (in more ways than one).
Miss Trump yet?
China owning the ports may be the answer your looking for.
Who cares about Christmas it’s about THIS COUNTRY DEPENDING ON CHINA! Make the products here!
When America doesn't make everything, Americans will get nothing. Expect 50% of imparts are garbage.
All rail and port Union business.
*Hey, to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
This deals with the problem in isolation confined to US alone. Its effects, but less on causes. Thats not enough.  Its a global one and to unstand it better, one has to go back n trace back on the memory lane to pick where the problem started. Simple to find out the culprit. For a lay man to unstand, look at who all benefitted and continue to benefit from it and whose profits and balance sheets hv ballooned.  As a Shipping expert i can say the problems started with Lines forming ALLIANCES by calling it as an act of cutting costs, but in reality, it was used as a means to control the 'supply' side (ie space on the ship) collectively amongst themselves to jack up their prices. No harm in them cutting costs by their efforts on network optimisation, but what went wrong is their collective decisions to VOID calls in several loops globally  which created network jamns across the globe in several mkts, ultimately leading to container shortages  everywhere. This is the start of the problem. So what US mkt with the rest of the world, facing are the 'effects' of these 'causes'. Fix the root of the problem, rather than fingure pointing each other. In other words problem distribution will only help the culprits to escape.
If President Trump would have been President this wouldn’t have happened or would have been solved
Smells like some BS to me
All west ports Union ports. This is problem.
, and they want to wage war with China.
I’m sorry I’m lost why are they just sitting what changed ?
Trump fault 100%, this started since last year
Gg
As America's Only 2024 #President dedicated, for 42 years, to Protecting the Constitutional Rights of Blue Collar America and Defending our #US #Constitution from the #Elitist, Foreign-Influenced #Threats of Joe Biden and #RINO #RussianPuppet Donald Trump, #USAF #Veteran and #Eisenhower #Reagan #Republican #BradHartliep is going to increase the pay of all ranks, increase the education and medical benefits of all active duty and Disabled #Veterans, increase our Military Defense Budget to provide for adequate Weapons and Combat Systems Upgrades, and raise a 3 Million-strong #Army, #MarineCorps, #Navy and #AirForce to Protect America, Defend our Constitution and support our Allies against Communist China and Russia .. #BradHartliep2024 #FightForAmerica ..
This is scary!!!
5:45 there's too much coming in but its not leaving the port fast enough Does anybody pay attention to the port labor union strongly against automation? It is in union's interest that Americans should suffer and agree to pay up our prices. There's another name for this ...
Is the backlog partly a result of states like California and Illinois shutting down for large periods of time due to COVID-19? If so, this shows one reason to be very careful of shutting down business.
So many people in this country that need jobs but yet
It is easy. Just don’t buy gift for Christmas. Give red envelopes 🧧 put some 💴 in .🤩
I say we boston tea party the situation. Go down there and start throwing all the cheap crap in the water.
so refreshing to hear people from every step of the supply chain calmly and honestly talk about the problems from their perspective.  all the people around me just mindlessly rant about how biden is causing all the problems.
all those failed Democrat policies are coming back to haunt us now. in the old days when things where made in the United States, this would have never happened. this Country exported way to many jobs.
My Bong! That is where my bong must be!
This is what happens when you send jobs overseas.
As king diamond would say "no presents for Xmas"
The ships are sitting off the coast of California. Just bring them in.
This is Beijing Biden gift to you for voting for him.
Well… that’s what happens when you want to produce things cheaper out of the country. Why is this surprising
the root problem is the obsolete american terminal logistic technology unable to cope with changes. It will never happen in Chinese ports.
Answer to the video name: Biden and his BS policies.
Ships arrived on time. Unloading and trucking is the problem! If out is slower than in you get accumulation at the dock! Stop blaming the cargo ships!
The root cause? The steal and cover-up of the 2020 election and the installation of geriatric Alzheimers jill biden.
It sounds like and looks like a strike !!!!  Or at least a slow down.
How about making the stuff in country rather than overseas? Just an idea.
Answer: Communist Liberals   No need to watch video now.
I guess what 60MINUTES is saying is sign the " INFRASTRUCTURE BILL" and rebuild the nation's ports n stuff
Failure.
Um..Biden thats who.
This is nuts
A history of the downfall of this system would have been helpful in understanding this.    When did this last work and what happened to cause it to break down?   Stimulus checks maybe?
The U.S  needs to stop depending on nasty china and produce it’s own goods.
Cause by trump,he banned countries who interact  with 2020 election
#LetsGoBrandon
Legal pirates.
☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
The reason that we have this situation is the corporations and the 1% are using this to raise prices up to 50% because of their greed nothing other than their greed they're not willing to pay taxes to support our country military police fire department schools but they'll take all the benefits from those entities and utilize them but not willing to pay taxes to support them. It's called economic treason by the corporations and the 1% or American fascism
They can drop off the empty containers at any of the abandoned shopping malls, they don't have to be returned to the docks. A couple people and a vunch of orange cones. Bring in a couple of big forks lifets and you have a 2nd dock yard. The CA Governor could bring in the National Guard and have them take many of the full containers out to those MT mall parking lots to create a 2nd yard. Make the executives who moved all those jobs out of the USA pay all of the expenses for this blockage and I bet it won't happen again next year !!!
buy American. Buy local.
You did. You're complete and total morons. You know nothing about anything.
Shouldn’t have imported from China
Hey 60 Minutes, you have a great show and we appreciate real investigative journalism. But can you please add subs to your videos?? Even allowing the autogenerated captions are better than nothing.
Hilarious. Nothing but corruption, with everyone looking for a big payday. Not the pandemic at all folks, just plain old greed.
should've used bats, last time bats were used things got everywhere FAST..
So what do you think, corporations? You're spending thousands of dollars on shipping and storage and freight and yet you still can't manufacture good here in the United States because you want to save a few bucks? Sounds legit to me.
Maybe it's time to celebrate the winter holidays by enjoying the company of friends and family rather than buying unnecessary crap
The short answer is that you can't spend 3.5 trillion dollars unless there "appears" to be a need for it.
Racism killed supply chain
Automation and the end of the unions sounds more and more likely and the canning of all the top bosses who were interviewed...did you notice that the Unions where not once blamed?
I don't buy this. Everybody is blaming everybody else. Sounds like their blaming free market. But this just started to happen now. How come it was working before and now it doesn't?
Just curious, why are we still sending freight to Chicago when there are consumers and warehouses in so many cities along th the way? Is it the lack of rail yards in places like Phoenix, Salt Lake, here in KC, Dallas, etc?
Add a port no matter the cost. Then add another. Welcome to the future old man.
So, globalization doesn’t actually work
biden is the answer to all of this, he is the answer of why America is coming to a end.
🤣🤣🤣 this long and now it's an issue what a joke. Sheep new's of course 6.2 inflation more 20%.
The amount of time the media spending defending biden is weird
i know there may be no simple answer but I feel like every fact based claim an interviewee made was contradicted by another.. this video only made things seem more unknown
capitalism
Don't worry Biden is handling it, enjoy you $30.00 teddy bear for xmas
JoeObama is the problem
No secret at all, everybody in the comments knows, the 1% moving their factories overseas, plus the elimination of warehouses to save a few more pennies per item with Just In Time, and tracking every trucker every minute with GPS devices 24 hours a day.  No slack in the system.  If you put up a tent with no slack, and the wind blows, bye bye tent.
Outdated logistics systems and infrastructure. In other words, the chickens have finally come home to roost. We need to spend money to make (i.e. save in the long term) money.
The send the factory to china in 80 and 90 and now we don’t have any things four Christmas. We failed we failed .
As always, the evil government is creating a problem with the complete mismanagement of the CCP 19 crisis and unemployment benefits. The evil government is never the solution. CBS is all fake news.
What a monumental mess with no clear end in sight
Go Bradon.
Could somebody come with a very clever and a quick solution for all these bottle necks?
The reason the supply chain colapsed is because truckers must live in their trucks now no month to month rentals means no hourly wage workers can afford $120/ night rent = $3600/mo in vrbo. No more rest, no bath or shaving. Dress and grooming codes for hourly workers are gone... have you noticed?
80% of those goods will end up in city landfills in 45 days anyways
Let me guess, the Democratic party and their policies had nothing to do with it.  Sure CBS, sure, we know.
From a Trucker stand point:  CARB regulations, no ldling, no parking any freak where, CALIFORNIA DOT HARASSMENT, 55 mph max speed, can only use 2 right lanes even when there are 6 lanes.  Boss is paying me an extra $200 A DAY to run 4 days into California and even then it's a mental hassle to run.  I only agreed because I agreed to the load setup there and back so I know where I can park AND agreed to 4 days due to the 55 mph.  Without the agreements and the extra $200/day I would have said nope, nada.  O and it's winter and truck has a bunk heater.  Had it been summer with 90 degree nights I wouldve said no without a no idle A/C.  Cant wait for this state to fall in the ocean tbh
Shutting down the economy, but also the federal reserve are to blame.
Brandon’s Great Reset.  Or at least the people he reports to.
Laws could be passed next week to fix all this. Where is our government?  All artificial inflation.
Blame the republican$$$
Suddenly the world sees a lot more essential workers beyond the hospitals…
The demonic Biden Administration in simpler words
There is no such thing as price gouging.  All prices are set by market forces (supply and demand), unless coercion (generally governmental intervention) is involved.  Banning "price gouging" is why we get shortages like this.
thank you Bill Clinton for sending all the manufacturers to China
XMAS crap can stay stuck in the ocean!!!!  This economy is better off, maybe people will get back to the basic and the meaning of Christmas!!!!!!!!!
All our new cell phones and video games are sitting in containers ships and won't be here for Christmas  .
This is just a propaganda video to make excuses for the most incompetent president in the history of our country Joe Biden and polls shows 90% of Americans don't trust these corporate propaganda news networks.
Over 60% profit being made in the shipping port industry.  This is done by design.  Follow the money, the golden rule we all were taught as children. Folks, the New World Order is well underway. Read your ancient literature as best as you can. The mark of the beast is upon us. It’s here. Can you believe it? I can’t.
This fun can’t wait when everything falls apart on this earth
Joe Biden!!!
The Biden Admin. 🤦‍♂️
Bring in the military, no big wars currently, so good use of all these idle resources at DoD.
Wake up America!....time to start penalizing unpatriotic companies (Silicon Valley) for outsourcing work to China....
The Dems want more regulations. The GQP want less. This is free market and capitalism at its finest.
Too bad we import so much….but then again, if we make products domestically, prices will be even higher.   Conundrum…..
Vaccines are bad for you.
Stop buying crap from China you do not need!!!  Plastic and fast fashion is destroying the planet.  Less is more...
God bless, Jesus loves you. Accept Jesus as your lord and savior. God bless, Jesus loves you. Accept Jesus as your lord and savior.
We should boicot their garbage and not them to us
What caused it? Democrat policies.
The left will spin it saying the economy was so good items weren't available. Mindless drones will believe it.
so stop importing from China. Made in America
You don’t even have to watch the video I have your answer,            LETS GO BRANDON!
Biden
Elections have consequences. Thanks a lot to those who gave us the worse President in history. Let's go Brandon!
Don't trust you people
as for the truck drivers they need to make it illegal to pay by the mile or pay by the load if you are not the company owner that will solve the truck driver shortage make it to where they can only pay by the hour the only reason by the mile and by the load  are the standard  is because back in the day you didn't have GPS to track the truck and you didn't have electronic logbooks. so the truck driver could fake their logbook with these out of the way. hourly wages is doable easily  solving the truck driver problem because if that truck is not  moving you aren't making money. this solves the truck driver problem because right now they have to wait in line for hours on end its just not worth the money to do it for most people the way its set up right now and for the  and for the shipping docks they need more lanes for the truck to go to. so they are not waiting any longer than 30.mins vs 12 hours for one load the ones making the money from this are the ones that hold the  containers hostage at the shipping ports the most then its the truck driving companies for cheating there drivers out of a hard days work
Trade deficit and imported foreign Goods more than double the all-time high. Bought with debased printed out of thin air US currency.
That's a national interest, the government needs to act, imagine the benefit of increasing investiment in the area, the number of jobs and infrastructure gains. U.S. is stuck in a neo liberalism platform completely neglecting the importance of state influnce in the economy. Capitalism nowadays is driven by strong state and solid policies towards economic regulation to prosperity.
It's the consumer we just want more stuff.   And the small business can't compete with the big rollers.   The enemy is us.
All ports must become federal property. This is pathetic…!
You actually have to ask that question? It's on account of liberal dependence on importing everything from China
Ummmm.... perhaps because it’s not America’s supply? A perfect example of why you shouldn’t depend on others.
LOL.... the fact that guy tried to blame warehouses not working for 3 hours, what a joke.
That’s why stop chasing those Xbox and play station5 people! They’re playing with your emotion
Thank goodness. The dumbest man on the planet, Joke Biteme, is putting a "task force" in place. Should go as swimmingly as their brilliant strategy at the US/Mexican border. This is by design sheeple! FJB
What’s not mentioned is Democrats talk self-employed People off the docks Republicans worn them with their union policy this would happen
Biden
stupid democRATS that dont know how to run a country
I see some people complain about China or foreign nationals filling in jobs.   A: this is exactly what capitalism asked for it just so happened to fall apart now. B: no ones lying on a resume y’all just need to try harder. Or fix your education system, preferably both.
I see some people complain about China or foreign nationals filling in jobs.   A: this is exactly what capitalism asked for it just so happened to fall apart now. B: no ones lying on a resume y’all just need to try harder. Or fix your education system, preferably both.
Look at the Federal Regulation on truck drivers.
Have yourself a very traditional non-material family centered Merry Christmas... May your gifts be... sentimental and HOME MADE... and by now, you should understand all Christmases should be this way...
Brandon is to blame
You really don’t expect the real news from this fake news rag tag outfit do you?
The principle FLAW is the America's cultural addictions and obsession with over consumption of consumer goods!
Excellent report!!!!
I’m sorry can’t return an empty container because of the COLOR?
Simply ridiculous 🤯
Never a better time to shop North American. Hard to do now but the more we shop for home grown items the less dependent we will be on China.
Nothing to worry about. Mayor Pete is back to work from his 2 month maternity leave breastfeeding his twins so he'll solve this problem in no time, but then again probably not.
What caused our supply chain crunch?  The answer is not complicated:  exporting our manufacturing capacity.
I blame BRANDONOMICS!
Let's go Brandon! Brandon!
If only earth behave like you people out there every entity including yourself would starve
Do we really need all this stuff?
I think we should make things in America so give Americans jobs
Our dependence on China and our outdated ports . Greed , Corruption . You know it's that cause of the blame game . The whole scare tactic of "shelves will be empty" is BS . They want people to freak out and pay beyond their means . No , not me ! I have learned to live with less these past years . People are turning away from being "crazy consumers" to "minimalist" .
I blame Biden and his administration. Let's go Brandon!
Note that every single 'product' mentioned is 'made in China.' MAKE MORE AT HOME. And curse the bloody outsourcers who outsourced millions and millions of American jobs.
I'm sure that if we give Joe Biden and the Democrats enough money and control, they can fix this.
Biden economics caused this.....
Well I’m a trucker and I’m ready to work just as soon as a company wants to pay me a livable wage. 14/hr isn’t it. Most don’t pay truckers hourly and if you sit at the dock for 10 hours it’s all unpaid for the driver. No thanks. Rather see it all collapse. The signs have been there for years and they ignored it.
Just let the public clear out that cargo sitting for more than 9 days. Pretty sure you'll have hundreds of thousands of people willing to come clear out those containers for free, let them keep what they take.
ah yes of course it always loops back around to centralization and federalism, too many decisions at the local level, need daddy central gov to decide for us
Destruction by Design. Lol
More and more examples of grred during this pandemic. One can only hope that this does not stick and continue for the long term. Kinda like gas, we get used to paying and the greedy idiots piloting the ship don't lower prices. What a world.
Cargo is sitting in USA.  Truckers are Republicans.  Together we will sink Biden and the Democrats.  Who's the Masters of the Universe now?😂🤣🥳🥳😁😁🤯🤯🤯
Truckers dock workers want Trump.  This is how to sink Biden
Oversight board
60 minutes a tool of the left
Blame the backlog on the ILWU, they work like turtles 🐢. Out of the 8 hours work day, they only work 5 hours. Whereas, the independent truckers would have to wake up 4am to go line up to get into the terminal when it opens at 7am, sitting there idling their trucks, polluting the air. Let me set up the scenario like this: supposedly the terminal opens at 7am, but the ILWU clerks don’t actually start work at 8am or later, then 1st break at 9:45am to 10:30am, then lunch at 11:45am to 1:15pm, then 3rd break at 2:45pm to 3:30pm, and they stop working at 4:30pm. If CBS or 60 minutes really want to do the real story, then you have to follow the day in the life of the independent truckers working out of the Port of Oakland or Ports of LALB. This whole system with the ILWU is broken and they need to have an overnight board by the FEDS. It doesn’t matter if the ILWU works or not, they still get paid contractually. But if the independent truckers don’t haul the loads, we don’t get paid at all. The local politicians turn the blind eyes to the problem. So with the 24 hours operation in effect in the Ports of LALB, it doesn’t work. What a joke, the ILWU really know how to milk the cow.
Cleary a planned failure let’s not lie to are selfs they want to shut us down
Check with CNN. This has to be Bannon and Trump's fault...
The plandemic. The great reset. Isn’t it obvious?
Air national guard helicopters to take the boxes to chasis.
What a cluster fck
shipping will cost more the content in the container...
They should get rid of Unions, and start working 24/7, or maybe we should start manufacturing goods in the USA.
On one hand, the GQP and its deplorables blame Biden for not tackling this crisis, but on the other hand they believe in "laissez-faire." No wonder the orange conman loves the uneducated.
Oh well cancel Christmas.
look at all the american jobs that the usa government sold out
It's the vaccines that's causing this workers refuse then they get fired or they quit
Democrats great reset scheming caused it.
love it.
easy answer: Terrorist DemocRats.
China.
Lets go Brandon!  FJB
This is a manufactured crisis part of the great reset aka NWO.
investigate political corruption in the longshore union
Help mafia?!?
@60 min, thank you for reporting the actual truth! Fox will just spin the news to point the finger at other countries!
Jab mandates dont help the workforce either... millions dont want it
Why not temporally sell storing place for the empty cargo containers freeing up the chassis to pick up and ship more goods? The seems to be there is no room at port to because there is a no room and a disconnect returning empty cargo containers.
California government is to blame for this problem.
Maybe if we invest in producing goods within our own country vs outsourcing which eliminates US jobs we wouldn't find ourselves in nearly as bad a shape in terms of this supply chain issue.
Workers aint trying to be taken advantage of like they did for the past 50 years.
The real problem is there is gouging on all aspect of shipping from the boat, to warehousing , and shipping of container. They mentioned that to ship 40 ft one container last year it cost $2400.00, now it cost $30,000.00 . The problem is man made and MAERKS shipping company 1s making profit as high as $ 60 billions just this year. I think the port authority is sleeping with the shipping company.
Joe biden
I'll tell ya. His name rhymes with potato
You, reporter don't give any recommendations.  Your story  added more confusions to a complicated situation.  Practice on solutions rather than blame game that you all are used to.
Biden did no doubt!!
Sounds like every body is blaming everybody else and laughing while they count the money.
Government horseshit, lazy people, collapse of American society for starters…
Was Trump’s four year long trade war that disrupted 50-years of international trade factored in?
Imagine the lost souls that were imported via containers
Let’s go Brandon!!! 🇺🇸
Some Truck drivers are getting paid $80 for a pick up trip. Sucks
The main reason is President Sleepy in the White House with his vaccine mandates and paying people to stay home…
Maybe it’s time for all of us to buy less stuff !
Glad to see this 60 min episode. I’ve been going through the same issues with my company. I paid millions of dollars in absurd premiums and fees. Companies can’t survive the super inflated container prices,  random demurrage fees and prolonged delays. The ocean liners and freight forwarders are all getting filthy rich while US companies and the American people suffer great losses. It’s highway robbery and we have little leverage to stop them.
China
We are ALL to blame.  We ALL have put short term costs as our priority versus long term reliability.  If a company had said “our prices are 20% more, but we manufacture everything in the USA and have massive warehouse operations so we can handle any short term surge”, who would have shopped there?   Almost nobody.  Most people won’t even pay an extra 10% to keep their local “brick and mortar” store open.  The free market is speaking.  Feel free to answer it back.
Im sure our Fearless Leaders that took over after a shady election will fix it , like they did Afganistan,  the Border , Coronavirus, Inflation,   Gas Prices . It sure seems everything gets worse when the Left gets/$teals power smh they can't do anything but divide Americans and steal from taxpayers.  45 had the economy running like a well oiled machine and 46 is sick in the head .
Wow
I got everything I need. No supply chain bs going on here
Let's Go Brandon 👏
Let's go Brandon!
Where is our military
stop manufacturing from overseas? aaahhh duuuh
there is a solution 1- Reducing the import at the port of Los Angeles and opening a new port in another city that will be logistical in the supply chain for other states 2- Increasing the customs tariff on items that are not easily sold 3 - etc .. God bless America ,, Thanks
The Answer Is "Brandon"
If it was made in America we would not need these ports …wouldn’t happen.   Make America great again.
COVID 19 IS ALL KNOWN, AND ALL PLANNED FOR ECONOMIC RESET. THE LIES ARE COUNTLESS. JUST LIKE COVID 19 CREATED. HYPERINFLATION IS CREATED BY THEIR PSYOPS MISSION FOR ECONOMIC RESET. THE QFS SYSTEM IS IN PLACE FOR DIGITAL CURRENCY. WATCH THE CURRENCY CONTINUE TO DEVALUATE, AND DIGITAL CURRENCY CONTINUE TO RISE. {Bitcoin, Cosmos, Ethereum, ect.........} THIS IS THE BEAST SYSTEM. THIS IS BIBLE PROPHECY IN THE MAKING. IT WILL START OUT PROMISING, BUT IN THE END YOU WILL BE FORCED. NOT ASKED. BUT FORCED TO TAKE THE MARK OF THE BEAST. ONCE YOU DO. YOU WILL FACE GODS JUDGEMENT WHEN AT HIS APPOINTED TIME HIS JUDGEMENT, AND YOU WILL HAVE A ONE WAY TICKET TO THE LAKE OF FIRE FOR ALL ETERNTIY. JESUS CHRIST IS YOUR ANSWER. NEVER TAKE THE MARK. GOD WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS. GOD IS STILL IN CONTROL, AND JESUS CHRIST IS STILL AT THE RIGHT HAND OF GOD. AMEN!, AND AMEN..............................................  THIS VIDEO HOLDS LIES, AND PART OF THE AGENDA...........
98% nonlike ratio on this video.
California  politicians  and regulations  caused  this problem
I'm glad all of the stimulus money has kept people out of hard times... Bwhahaaahhaaaa!!
DON'T WATCH MY PROFILE 💦🔞
Celebrate Hanukkah: problem solved
Finally somebody said Christmas thank God 90 of all of these shipments I bet used for Christmas
Oh, the irony sending our products out of the country to be made. The rich screwing us over and over. Reminds of the planedemic for the rich to again get richer.
This is what happens when Americans thought stuff from China was cheaper. I will not buy gifts for Christmas. I refuse to spend outrageous prices. My money will have to go for food.and gas. That is about all I can do and I'm not gonna lose sleep. Christmas is over commercialized.
I'd watch this segment, but '60 MINUTES' always puts their Leftist spin on everything. ... ... ... No thanks.
Here's a novel idea to bypass these shipping bottlenecks from foreign countries why don't you idiots buy American
fukkin democrats and the mandate
Mark Cuban stated on Twitter today that a lot of companies will start to consider that manufacturing should come back to the states.  States it was just easier to deal with overseas but now all this has happened it's better to just bring it back to the states or north America in general...of what they can and that's actually A LOT.  It will take time and temporary inflation will happen, they just don't know how long the temporary part is.
Sounds like Biden and his b.s.crew let's go Brandon
Secretary of Transportation,......Pete Buttigieg. He wasn't mentioned once in the whole twenty minutes?  It's kind like when 60 Minutes mentions the border crisis and forgets Kamala was put in charge?  Fifty years of career politicians like Biden pushing it  to be made over seas created this. Clintons NAFTA and Obama's TPP  kicked it into high gear. You voted for this?  President Trump wanted to push bringing the jobs back. How's that Biden/Harris administration working out for ya?
Mandates lockdowns... i just saved you 60 minutes
Dumbascraps.
What is the root that originally caused this? I heard it was the booking system?
Fauci strikes again!!! Don't fauci America!!!
Try living without buying chinese goods. Mostly crap anyway.
Nobody needs more garbage from those ports. Dump that crap, everyone already has enough junk.
California banning 50% of known trucks from entering the state is the REAL issue.  And banning another 50% of those, is insult to injury.  Tell the damn truth for once in your life.
Its not the truckers. Those guys need the money. Sitting around waiting causes then to lose money too.
*Supply Chain Crisis while a Republican is in the White House* Media: THIS IS ALL THE REPUBLICAN'S FAULT!!!!!!  *Supply Chain Crisis while a Democrat is in the White House* Media: WHAT COULD POSSIBLY BE CAUSING THIS CRISIS?! WE'LL NEVER KNOW!!!!!!
LET'S GO BRANDON
time to put "made in america" back on products
Funny to hear those who use cheep exploited labor to cry about price gouging.😂
"What's caused America's supply chain crunch?" The same thing that caused the debacle in Afghanistan, the crisis at the Southern border, American loss of 'energy independence' from OPEC, and the trillions of phony money being printed and dumped into the economy causing 'historic inflation' its all caused by a two word answer: "Brandon's Puppeteers". FIRE EVERYBODY.
Unions duh!. Can't hire help less fire the mtfs. Do what Regan did, fire them and bring in the military.
So they're clearly not addressing the real issue. The u.s. is a petroleum-based economy, has been for over 100 years what the American people are experiencing right now are the results of *greenflation*. This is completely self-inflicted.
Is there nothing about California environmental policies and truck regulations in this?
Idiocracy.
Globalization took an L
0:09 - 0:10   CHRISTMAS PRESENTS! They're called Christmas presents.  No one calls them "holiday presents." Talk about weak and pathetic.
“GREED” … .. .. . . . is good… . . . -Gordon Gekko
Fake News
They should make everyone watch this , wake up Americans
But people will still go out and buy  and complain, we are our own worst enemy
China strikes again
Why wouldnt the president just use the national guard to go in and handle this operation?
Piracy, plain and simple.
I bet if organized crime syndicates were involved like years ago things would be efficient.
OBIDEN  ADMINISTRATION,  CAUSED THE CRISIS!! ONLY OBVIOUS!!!!!!!
You guys are so disconnected maybe you should ask what happens when owner operator trying to book a load with a broker and see how that works
Buy American
Covid covid Covid. The vaccine is great.  Everything is Covid!
Biden. There, saved you 13 minutes.
Or real solution is get Government out of the ports. No local and no federal.
People need to stop buying so much unnecessary crap. The shopping addiction is a huge problem. I am also aware that there are multiple problems that contributed. Great video
More trash for our Landfills  .   🌍
The shill at the end saying the government needs to throw more money at them.  BS.  If the problem was people ordering too much the stores would be too full to take anymore products that ain't happening.
I know what caused it, T.M.S.P.  Too many stupid people!!
Future shipment port.  Robotic, 24/7. Just need a human to maintain the Robotic systems.
Failure to provide leadership in a time of crisis. All parties involved!
But if you watch Fox news it's Bidens fault
Brandon's bad management is the cause in part. But to be fair, the entire admin are total amateurs compared to the previous admin.
Good report
Sending all that money to China for the most part and recieving tons of junk that will end up in lanfills 🤦🏻‍♂️ We need to manufacture here in America Canada USA and Mexico
I say boycott toys .... On shelves at store ... Only buy American, and essentials
Like everything else the Joe Biden Administration
um, what happened to the Trans-Pacific trade agreement? Oh, and those tariffs on imports too.
I believe Amazon saw this coming. There is very little you can't get from them.
It's all about cash for ev one and we pay for it on the shelves
All by design and the culprit is China.  It's called economic warfare.
🤧🤢🌲
Joe Biden caused it. EVERYONE KNOWS THIS... STOP LYING TO COVER UP FOR THE IDIOT
Hmm.
Too much finger pointing not enough solutions.
Capitalism still isn’t working yet. Capitalism isn’t perfect and neither is Socialism.   Remember it takes SOCIALISM to bail out capitalism. Look what happened in 2008 and 2020.   Neither are these “isms” aren’t working in the United States 🇺🇸.   For all the Cubans 🇨🇺 and Venezuelan 🇻🇪 that fear SOCIALISM, looks what’s going on here in America! Capitalism isn’t perfect.
“BIDEN”, AND HIS SOCIALIST TERRORIST ADMINISTRATION !!!
Brandon
Everybody is too busy pointing their finger at everybody else
How about if we make thing in the US.  Problem solved.  This is all about greed.  Must always improve  profits so rich get richer.
A "top level white house task force" is on top of it. I feel much better since the current administration has astonishing success in fixing domestic and foreign  disasters.
Another failure and embarrassment for the Federal US government. The US consumers are willing to pay the high price because we are consumers are competing with each other. Some do not have a roof to live under. We pay for the craps we do not need. GIFT cards are the best idea. Who is laughing on the way to the bank? Shipping companies.
The usa needs to use the anti price spiking during emergencies  These delays in the usa are criminal actions by rail yards...  1,000,000 in storsge fees = criminal actions
Every country involved needs to FINE PRICE SPIKING THIEFS  THIS WILL DESTROY THOUSANDS ACROSS THE WORLD......
i see your problem right away ! There are companies that own the cargo space ? Yet another industry with needless middlemen skimming profit .
what the actual effing f*ck
Wasn't long ago that US working on independence was going VERY well.  Can we get Jimmy Carter back, at least? Can't be worse.
POS reporting, California does not allow independent contractor truckers into the port. They (unions and large trucking companies) have squeezed out the little trucking companies
If it was built here  their would not be an import problem ,and less unemployment, the whole problem can be summed up in one word ready          GREED!
IMPORT IMPORT AND IMPORT MAKE THINGS HERE IN AMERICA!!!
if they can't get it in for holiday - realities of retail mean really low prices after christmas
Makes you realise some of the realities of the massive infrastructure and processes that are required to maintain our current way of living for massive populations in modern times 🤔😶
This is one of the oldest tricks in the book. Create a problem, then sell the solution.
This all sounds like a lack of leadership.
Ports have no reservation system so your ship races to port and is wait-listed for a berth once you arrive. Shippers are happy for the backlog as by contract all the extra downstream costs are passed on.  The Port is a Landlord renting to Operators who control the supply chain. Everyone, including the ports, are raising prices, making money, and the consumer/end user pays.  Start port expansion today & in 5-10 years you may be able to handle the volume unless the State of California decides Harbor Sea Bed Environmental Justice is more important....
This is the cause of the inflation we're experiencing today, and not any or planned government spending.
I can't think of anything more American than everyone blaming everyone else.
This is what happens when you have a senile leader who the rest of the world mocks and laughs at, it’s not the main reason but it’s a huge part of it
Maybe they should look for a manufacturer in the United States?
Nobody to work
It just means we go back to MADE IN THE USA!!!!!!
7 months ago... a loaded container out of the USA = about $1500-$2500 An EMPTY container out of the USA = $7000-$8000  Shipping lines 7 months ago .... " LETS SEND MORE EMPTY CONTAINERS  OUT .. SO WE MAKE MORE MONEY$$$$  PRESENT   ALL THOSE EMPTIES CONTAINERS SENT MONTHS AGO... NOW THEY ARE BACK LOADED.... AT THE SAME TIME!!   Easy.. and simple explanation .
From Leo:  Before Covid, and before biden, we shipped all we wanted, even at Christmas.   Remember the mystical Suez canal blockage?  And remember after enough hand wringing and very little actual remedy it magically got unstuck?   The docks are being inefficient by design.  And it is NOT lack of truck drivers.  They are lined up for miles.  It is not the unions, the union hall has already said they have people signed up and begging to work.  Under other administrations, we would have already built another port is that is what was needed.   We are being played people.
The rich just want to get richer! They will end up f’ing themselves, they will create a backlog that will ruin them. The ports work at a balance that is already out of control. President Biden use our armies logistics to move these shipment.
Well, how about start Made in America? What a novel concept.
Stop buy Chinese crap stuff
With such price gouging to have good shipped in, who needs tariffs?
As if it's the end of the world if we have to forgo a few frivolities in life!!!!
How did we get to this. That was the question ask. The answer is we rely too much on imports. We need to produce more here in America. If we are going to pay more for things I'd rather pay American companies and American works for these goods. Make America Great Again by not relying other countries. Especially don't rely on countries that don't have American interest involved
Dr supporters why am I the only one remembers when dt supporters truck drivers said if dt didn't get put back in office they were going on strike were going to cause this n o trucks moving supplies
Read and apply "Theory of Constraints" by Goldratt.  It's simple.
Talk about Gross Mismanagement..  These Folks Know That (Robots) A.I. Is the New Technology that will replace them in the New Infrastructure Port.. So They Basically gonna drag their Feet..
And at the very end, the real root of the problem: these antiquated, inefficient ports are government run and inept politicians plan to solve the problem with a "top level task force". Wow, a TOP LEVEL task force??? Say no more, our prayers have been answered! 😂 😂 😂
Life with the Oligarchs and their servant Trump has made it "normal" to steal from everybody!
Mexicans!
Our government
Consumerism is destroying the planet anyway
Extortion fueled by GREED.......
60 Minutes, thank you for this explanation. It won't satisfy RetrumpliQans' need to blame Biden for everything but that's ok.
Interesting that AMZN fulfillment centers can deliver
But RetrumpliQans say it's all Biden's fault!
This sounds like the cost of Healthcare
May 💜God❤ Be 💛With💚 Everyone💙 Always 💛Much 💚Love Blessings ❤Always ✌ 💯 🌈 🎇 🌐 💛❤💜💜❤❤❤❤❤❤❤💛💛💛💚💚💚💚
Peace💛 and💙 Blessings 💜Too 🧡My💛 Brothers 💙May ❤God 💜Bless 💛everyone❤ Always💜 May God💛 Bless💙 Everyone💜 Richly with 💚everything ❤they💜 need Always 💛Much ❤Love 💜Blessings💙 Always ✌ 💯 🌈 🎇 🌐 ❤💙💛💛💙💙💙💙💙💙❤❤❤❤
Who cares about Christmas we can diy our own Christmas gift or go to good will or flea markets
So you're saying somebody monkeyed with the rules concerning how truckers can pick up containers and that's why nothing is getting distributed??
What's caused America's supply chain crunch? How about Government officials listening to flip flop Fauci and shutting down our economy to prevent spreading of a virus with a 99% survival rate, forcing them to print trillions of dollars to pay people to do nothing, causing massive inflation and labor shortages that led to over consumption of goods and services, all while blaming Trump for trying to eliminate the corruption that exists in everyday US politics.
The real number of dead and injured from Covid, not the reported one, is the culprit. Not enough people alive in critical areas of goods transport. Simple answer.
Quite a few people should have been hung for shipping all our jobs to China and Mexico...now the oligarchs are squeezing the last pennies out of the unwashed masses...Buy used, Buy on Craigslist, Check your Facebook page for local buy and sell sites..or better yet stop buying all this garbage you don't need...I really don't buy the MSM story on any of this, It seems like BS.
Joe Clownshow caused this.
So my father passed away this year. I lead with that, because the last few years, I can remember my brother and I having these conversations(we weren't close with our father for the last 15 years or so, we are both in our 30s)  , because of things he said. My father was going back to school in his 50s/60s for a  Logistics / production engineering degree. He realized that THIS would be a huge problem, and it HAD to be fixed, and ANYONE. In the logistics field could help, and make MONEY. Then I can remember this being on the conversation when Trump was president as well(not a supporter  just acknowledging fact)  it's so weird ,thinking this nation wouldn't be the BEST at this. Pretty weird.....
What caused the supply chain problems? America's over dependence on imports. Duh! The US can manufacture nearly 80% of everything we use on a daily basis. We can grow 100% of our own food. We got lazy and too dependent on other nations.
So...... basically.....everyone involved starts out by saying goods are coming from overseas primarily China. Let's start there. Change our mfg processes back to more % of being made in our country?  Then look at the gouging playbook those moving the goods are reading from. Corruption abounds. The processes used to move goods are inflated & held hostage but wait! Let's blame truck driver shortage. Another systematic failure in our country's thirst for products made somewhere else.
Where is the government's leadership on this?
Buy local.
Precision scheduled railroading is the major factor in this. Take the time to learn about it and you will understand it all.
If there is anything that highlights the collapse of late stage capitalism, it is this situation where people can't get their plastic trinkets manufactured in China and sold at their local Wal-Mart that they use to decorate their tree for a couple of weeks before tossing it in the trash.
half of most the  business in china that shipped  here is  american owned . they  have  chinese  partners . and  its  u s  corps    shaking down   everyone  .
This 60 Minutes spot did little to NOTHING in providing serious journalism toward answering precisely how and why the supply chain lock-ups are occurring.  In fact, it actually served the tactical cause of muddying up perception on said cause(s), more than likely because someone - or thing - is actually purposefully triggering said lock-ups, and therefore wants the press muzzled on it.
Not to worry Joe Biden is on the case. I think he will have the navy sink all of those container ships and outlaw diesel fuel !
Countries affected  are making up for the tariffs.
after the unions  where  busted  by the   reagan  lie all government  was bad   and  78000  factories  moved too china.  look into this  by searching   the web.
This will start a new trend of once again building products in America. Why spend all that money to move across the sea what can be built here. The higher shipping cost (up to 3X) should easily make up for higher labor cost in the US.  America used to build everything, quality was great and shipping quick.
Pay workers better so you have us to do the work.
SO this is also a propaganda channel. Didn't know that.
Yes it’s a nightmare of logistics nothing that I have ever witnessed and we’re coming into the Christmas shopping season already happening and all because of the pandemic 😷 and just pass on the extra fees and costs to the American consumer so you see China 🇨🇳 and nearly every port wanting to open up freight exports to United States 🇺🇸 I worked in shipping & receiving I can imagine the shipping slips and invoices 🧾 amaze of items good luck dock workers you have your work cutout for you. Be safe stay healthy
its not inflation its   market control  by a few   for  the sake of  making  more wealth.
60 minutes, your lame! Shut up!
we are being bent over  by corps   .  thats  all it is a scam   .just like the lumber  scam they  got caught doing.
Pres.XI” can Blow Everyone!!#. J-off
Let’s gloss over the fact that the fed is handing out money to people NOT to work, that Cali is wont let truckers in the state with out proof of vax status, or the fact that Biden has driven gas prices to insane levels (Newsom is part of this issue for California). It’s all the online shoppers fault..yea right
LETS GOOO BRANDON!
Thanks Brandon !!!
This was created by the worldwide oligarchy using inflation, wages out of line with the cost of living and consumer price indexes, and the effects created by the pandemic on the job market to reduce the population everywhere into feudalism. This is contrived to takeover governments worldwide turning the politics into worldwide rule under an authoritarian oligarchy.
Ah yes, consumerism at its best.
There is no supply chain crunch ... It's a ruse created to overcharge for everything
I wonder why OnTrac Shipping is NEVER mentioned
easy. joe biden the demented pervert.
If truckers are the problem, why does it take 6hours to get one load.
Let’s go Brandon
The unionized port workers are the problem
Let’s go Brandon!  Hope you looney liberals are happy…
Yea the Xbox is 1,500 they should be put in jail
Once again the rock bottom truth is missed.....we have been put to sleep...into believing we need more stuff ....
Let's Go Brandon
Just business... US capitalism.... squeezing dolla's just because we can!
Tons of ps5 stuck 😂. Already got mine though
Capitalists sure seem to hate the effects of Capitalism.
Thanks Joe Biden
This, folks, is the world we live in...a world controlled by, "entities" who do whatever they want (like charging storage, on top of exorbitant container fees, even though the customers didn't cause the delays/backlogs...all while reporting record profits).  Maersk showing a 68% increase in profits IN ONE YEAR, all while heavily price-gouging.  Will a point EVER come where things like this are satisfactorily regulated?  If not, our proverbial ship is going down, down, down...
let's reduce  buying  plastic  trash toys and never get recycled  and use mire energy  to make than it's enjoyment  value. Let's think again
2 things: why do we Americans buy so much crap from China? Stop. How about opening factories in the US to sell goods to people here and abroad? Or stop buying useless junk from Amazon in the first place.
Somehow…this all seems intentional.
Remember when Louis DeJoy (Trump appointed Postmaster General) had 711 USPS mail sorting machines destroyed before the 2020 election?  Did you know that he also owns hundreds of millions in assets with FedEx and UPS?  That guy deserves life in prison.
Americans need to quit buying so much crap, plain and simple. We don’t appreciate anything we own. Buy buy buy ourselves into oblivion.
Its a world wide problem not just America.
Seems like numbskulls like to blame China🙄🙄🙄 blame China for making the stuff, not making the stuff, not making stuff fast enough,.. Wtf😐😐 the Chinese can't catch a break
Please stop, this is pure political, it’s nonsense.
Why is the Port at Oakland EMPTY with this backlog ???
It’s time for people to be creative like post depression. Time to create our own goods solving the middle class trap
We need to fix this problem immediately.  We need cruise liners filled with workers that can handle and divert incoming loads.  We need expansions at our current ports.  We need AFFORDABLE HOUSING where these jobs exist.  And then we need to bring all of the jobs that produce those products back to America.  We need this all immediately or our economy will crumble.
Only ports in Democrat cities have an issue. Kinda funny huh.
Biden is a bumbling idiot
Problems problems its all curable. Amercia needs roll up it sleeves and get back to work. Sometimes the old ways are the best way.
Prior to the vaccines, it was known that those who were able to keep working through 2020-21 had a good amount of savings from spending less on restaurants, entertainment, and vacations. I think some r taking advantage of that and raising their prices to get their hands on that money. All those making $ in this chain have no reason to want to workout these problems. If possible, hold off on buying anything u don’t need right now. Buy local, give gift cards, or money for the holidays. When we reduce the demand for stuff and/or the supply catches up,
I hear there us also a shortage  of truck drivers....Europe  too. No one wants that kind  of job anymore.
The real problem here is mostly Made in China
it doesn't help that everything we need has to be delivered by ship from Asia.  That is our fault, starting from the 80's
it;s what happens when you pay people to stay home.
Cargo Container  Bottleneck Idea  Why not:  1) offload all of those empty containers currently sitting on transport chassis  to a temporary holding area (miles away),  and get those transport chassis  back on the road with full containers.   2) Do not require any driver to bring back an  empty container in order to pick up a full container (at least until the supply chain gets caught up).   3) Hire some drivers to do nothing more than to remove empty containers from the port,  drive them to the temporary holding area (miles away), drop off the empty container, then go back to the port with an empty chassis to puck up another empty container.  Repeat this process to free up space at the port to permit full containers to be offloaded to the port, and allow drivers to take them to their destination.   4) If the issue of dropping off empty containers is for the purpose of loading empty containers onto the ships to take back to their point of origin for reuse, then:   a) modify the process to unload at one port (for example LA Port) and do not reload the ship with empty containers at LA Port,   b) instead require the ship to go to Long Beach Port to be reloaded with empty containers.    c) So one port is used for incoming containers, and the other port is for outgoing containers.    d) Empty Containers can be supplied as needed to the Long Beach Port from the temporary holding area (miles away) (hopefully somewhere between LA Port and Long Beach Port).  e) The empty container temporary holding area:  (1) becomes a buffer zone for the excess empty containers,  (2) allows the transport chassis to be freed up to transport full containers,   (3) eliminates the empty containers from being a bottle neck that ties up transport carriers, or ties up LA Port spaces to offload full containers.   5) To keep each Port Financially happy, agree to a fee split based on quantity of containers moved, regardless of if they are full or empty.   All parties pulling in the same process direction, instead of each port’s process completely overwhelmed, because the process has failed to compensate for added demand.  Just an idea for consideration!  A simple solution all parties  can implement immediately!  This was my idea after  watching 60 minutes segment, I hope it is useful.
What is "causing..." We're only getting started.  Food is going to vanish, entirely, in a couple years.  Famine starves 2 in 5.  Here it comes.
The answer the Clinton's, two and china.
What about the role that consumers play? Who's buying this stuff?
Can you say Trump one time he’s the one that challenged China and China is fighting back
Why are companies still importing when we all know the solution is Made in America?
Thanks Joe!
Capitalism failing
One culprit not mentioned in the story: Complete lack of American manufacturing fueled by decades long globalism, corporate greed and consumers addicted to cheap chinese electronics. GOOD LUCK, lol
Stop shopping..problem solved..  Exercise consciousness over consumption.  Wake the f up.
Capitalism is working so smoooothly wow
It is kinda obvious to me that a finely tuned supply chain would have some hick ups when it was shut down and then restarted as the threat from the pandemic receded. A little patience, huh? It is also pretty obvious that there would be a little inflation because of the disconnect between supply and demand. Nobody seems to remember how low fuel prices were last year when demand was less.
By all means... let's continue to not invest in American infrastructure. Crumbling roads and ports with antiquated technologies. Technologies that could help to facilitate a more seamless supply chain. For profit entities are not going to make this type of investment without financial incentives. Cities and local government do not have the excess revenue to make large enough investments to solve a country wide/national problem. And the pro-business GOP doesn't want to hep their own constituents where it really hurts, the wallet.
Thanks, president Sleepy Joe, you're administration destroyed America in 10 months, Go Brandon!
DEMOCRATS !!!!!!
BIDEN !!!!!!!!!!!
Such an important issue rn yet a mere few thousand views. Meanwhile Mr Beast can get a million views in an hour...
American made and American sold doesn't get stuck in ports.
Wasn’t it a great idea to destroy the United States manufacturing base! It’s saved us so much money in the long run.
America made a choice 40+ years ago and the bill came due. We chose cheap foreign made goods instead of American made.
BUY LOCAL YOU SOBs
Now that these business owners are loosing those profits from outsourcing to China...well manufacturing in America should be reconsidered and brought back to life. Imagine paying those types of shipping fees and fines especially a smaller business???!! Outrageous! Bring manufacturing back , everyone wins.
Joe biden caused it
The problem is the port - it cannot handle all the cntrs  - they need to build bigger ports
Pure greed...
It's called stupidity, and greed
I though the bottle neck would be the production but it happen to be the lorry drivers
Obviously the choke point is the trucks being able to move product in and out.  The high cost of shipping is due to limited port availability due to the truck choke point.   Make more transport chassis and hire more truckers with better wages.
the future lazy workers of america. open the borders to mexico and they will want this job.
At $20,000/container, isnt it now cheaper to manufacture here?
So they trading cargo space like stocks?  or is there some other way a cargo space company could be counted as a tech company.  Minimum wage should be 24 bucks a hour, if you cant afford to hire starting at that, your really not offering people a living wage and your company is dependent on treating your employees like indentured servants to survive.  Is Indentured servitude part of the American Dream now?   Those truckers are being treated like it.   you have to fix this from the bottom up not the top down
Yeah - Mr Biden is probable responsible for 50% inflation in Argentina - Right?
Why not:   1) offload all of those empty containers currently sitting on transport chassis  to a temporary holding area (miles away),  and get those transport chassis  back on the road with full containers.   2) Do not require any driver to bring back an  empty container in order to pick up a full container (at least until the supply chain gets caught up).   3) Hire some drivers to do nothing more than to remove empty containers from the port,  drive them to the temporary holding area (miles away), drop off the empty container, then go back to the port with an empty chassis to puck up another empty container.  Repeat this process to free up space at the port to permit full containers to be offloaded to the port, and allow drivers to take them to their destination.   4) If the issue of dropping off empty containers is for the purpose of loading empty containers onto the ships to take back to their point of origin for reuse, then:   a) modify the process to unload at one port (for example LA Port) and do not reload the ship with empty containers at LA Port,   b) instead require the ship to go to Long Beach Port to be reloaded with empty containers.    c) So one port is used for incoming containers, and the other port is for outgoing containers.    d) Empty Containers can be supplied as needed to the Long Beach Port from the temporary holding area (miles away) (hopefully somewhere between LA Port and Long Beach Port).  e) The empty container temporary holding area:  (1) becomes a buffer zone for the excess empty containers,  (2) allows the transport chassis to be freed up to transport full containers,   (3) eliminates the empty containers from being a bottle neck that ties up transport carriers, or ties up LA Port spaces to offload full containers.   5) To keep each Port Financially happy, agree to a fee split based on quantity of containers moved, regardless of if they are full or empty.   All parties pulling in the same process direction, instead of each port’s process completely overwhelmed, because the process has failed to compensate for added demand.  Just an idea for consideration!  A simple solution all parties  can implement immediately!
The Hebrew Israelite Gods did
And the oopsicrappedmypants potus is not even trying to figure it out !
Unfettered Capitalism and Consumerism at work.
Come on, the issue is you shipped all the manufacturing factories and job to communist china.  Why are you not talking about that?????!!!!
Are the Walmarts, Targets and Home Depots (or any of the big box stores) suffering? NO,  I am sure they have paid to be in the head of the line. And a lot less than any of those penalties other businesses have been made to pay.
Joe Biden and the Democrats, there I saved you some time.
Another LA political leadership problem!
Now we pay the Toll for excessive Covid Fear and Shutdowns. The Consequences are only starting to hit our systems. Fear is a destroyer.
Top notch reporting as usual from 60 Minuted
Why not offload all of those empty containers to a temporary holding area (miles away), and get those transport carriers back on the road with full containers.  A simple solution you can implement immediately.
Pardon the language...but this isn't the definition of a "bottleneck" it's the definition of a clusterfuck.
What caused Americas supply chain crunch, the same thing and people who are always responsible for any and all economic failures, a OVER HEATED ECONOMY created by the FED, fueled by stock market speculation of those who want to get rich over the opportunity to get all the money they can.They never consider the consequence's and the fed never regulates according to the greed that already exist in this system of monopoly money being printed as quickly as the press's can pump it out.      Then all of a sudden a transportation crisis arise's through a unforeseen epidemic, and instead of taking care of the people who were actually suffering from there loss of revenue, or to sending the guard in to take care of transporting problem of the goods, they decide to heat up the economy more then it already was pre-pandemic by passing out free money to stimulate a already over stimulated economy.      Bottom line, ( GREED and reckless spending on both the right and left side of our governments), all for the sake of MONEY. money that the vast majority of Americans never see, and of whom pay the greatest price for, for them that do receive it. It's just business as usual and the opportunity to raise prices that might come down just enough for you and I think it isn't as bad as it could have been, and go on to the next self manufacture money grab at the expense of the rest of us, basically, the so called FREE ENTERPRISE SYSTEM, UNDER A CAPITALISTIC DEMOCRATIC SOCIETY.
Where are the trolls blaming the US inflation on Biden? These are the same idiots that foster the pandemic by being selfish and not getting vaccinated. It seems that the number of angry racists and morons have multiplied with proverbial rapidity during the dawn of the trump.
dependent upon chinese goods so much that eventually usa's money (and therefore demand for goods) inevitably eventually comes second in importance. bottleneck the supply chain to get money out of peoples pockets and drive them into the hellacious manufacturing sector. no reward for being an essential worker except exposure to covid. people don't want to work so force them back into the workplace by making their savings meaningless.
The pandemic and greed is causing it.
Capitalism at its finest.  "The ports are owned by private businesses and cities, therefore they get to dictate how the supply chain is handled.  Now thanks to greed and mismanagement, the supply chain has snapped.  And, instead of working together with the federal and local governments, many are doubling down on trying to do things the old way and hiking up prices, while in the mean time, suppliers are struggling to get supplies in, and ports are clogged with cargo that are unable to be moved because they're being turned away for having the wrong colored empty container on their semi bed.  Containers they NEED to bring back so that they can get a full one put on the truck to haul."
human overpopulation is the disease; everything else is a symptom
Another DEMOCRAT DISASTER.
Fake news is desperate to blame this on something other than Biden. Thanks retards
Obviously someone is manipulating the supply chain crisis
Trump would never had allowed this to go this long.  Let's go brandon!
The problem is that I can't believe what the media reports any longer. I don't know who controls the narrative.
6:22 He is the problem.The buck stops with him. If this crisis was real, he would look panicked, not comfortable. Billionaires would pull strings and fire people responsible, not put them on TV. What an embarrassment. Citizens should take control of the place and move the goods.
Let’s go Brandon
Let's  all just wait till the prices GO DOWN!
I wonder how many of those containers have merchandise for businesses that are no more.
So you’re telling me Warren Buffet is making a killing.  Seems like a half assed story piece by 60 minutes.     Maybe it’s bc we have racist roads.
Are you guys f****g serious? You call yourself journalists? The Federal Reserve expanded their balance sheet by several trillion dollars and that is the *primary* source of inflation. So please, stop blaming the pandemic you clowns, do your journalistic duty and point your guns to the Fed who has put has in this inflationary mess, and still doing nothing about it.
Same case in Mbsa port
This is the symptoms of addiction to imported junk. Record profits - while ports like Oakland have empty ship slots - because the ships can make more profits through LA. Pure greed!
America has a transportation problem because our politicians especially republicans have kept us behind the world in updating our systems. It lions like Soviet Union days in America.
Idea: Move all the ports out of California.
"The federal government should take control." Oh, really? Or maybe they should drop the restrictions that prevent other coastal cities from creating ports as well? I find it hard to believe that some government shenanigans isn't artificially restricting shipping options here. Why else would such a huge country as the USA be restricted to just a small handful of ports?
We went to Huntington Dog Beach over the weekend, and saw at least 20 cargo ships even out that far. The smog was thick and nasty as well from the ships and millions of sea shells were on the shore like we’ve never seen before. There was black soot that came off of the shore; something that we’ve never seen before either. It was a very sad day at the beach. Something that we didn’t expect when going.
Too many puns
I wonder how the overpay is
Communist media blaming the people for buying stuff, totally false. It's caused by the DEMOCRATIC controlled local governments, and the ridiculous regulations DEMOCRATS have imposed on truckers servicing the ports.
People buying too much?  Can we take a breath and stop buying for a season for family friends and sanity in stead of just endless buying spree ? China feels so strong from our obsession with consumption and indulgence that they are trying to dictate what types of life we will have! Let us build stuff here and diversify to all corners of the world.  Business and salesmen are making policies and driving society to insane levels of chaos and confusion.  Price gauging business are whining and blaming the Biden government for the Covid pandemic related backlog and profiteering on some one else?  Then they complain about paying taxes and the cost sharing of the building up the crumbling infrastructure?  Let us take a break from desire.  Freedom is not buying stuff!  Freedom is a choice. Regards.
One example. I just bought heavy marble saddles for a bathroom from the HD that were made in China. Multiply this by all the bathrooms that are being done in the US.  Its cheaper to ship these heavy items from China than to manufacture it in the US.
So, take the damn containers off of the chassis, then get some cargo moving.
Core Problem is The State of California...  I know many truckers that will not enter California due to restrictions
America wouldn't have a "material" crunch if they bought local, give up Amazon, and tame their lust for things....
"Sure feels like it.." - That is an Aaron Rodgers deception, he is 100% confident that the companies are charging him more because they can. He just wants to be dramatic.
You locked everyone up for a year and seriously didn't expect a supply and demand issue???
Everyone knows Brandon did it!
We need to stop buying create jobs of quality instead and save, spend time with friends and family and actually listen to them rather than your stuff and phones! Our society is failing and maybe we can learn frim this shortage. No to NAFTA it is time to make our needs at home but bankers and billionaires will get angry. Let them!
That guy can afford it, he probably gets paid anywhere from $100,000/yr to millions. He says he can't afford it because he doesn't want to admit that he is unwilling to make less money (so he puts the costs onto the consumer).
Much of the problem is California restrictions
That’s what happens when companies got greedy and moved to other countries.  What happened to MADE IN AMERICA!!!!!!!! It all started with NAFTA. Trump just contributed to it.  He and Ivanka had there goods made in other countries.
This is pre planned, all by design
Keep buying Chinese
#KONTAINEROZ
Lets go Brandon !!
Blame the pandemic. That always works these days.
The capitalists are being taken advantage of by other capitalists. And THEY HATE IT. It's not a tragedy that people who always take advantage of the economic situations have to sit through the disadvantages of the system.
Someone in the Biden admin lining up their pockets ?
when it makes no sense, you were tricked, crazy how so many are not aware
Controlled demolition.
Incentivize American companies to open in house. Bring these companies back to American. Don’t tax them to death. America First. We are killing ourselves. Both left and right wing are greedy.
That way we can stamp out this greed
BIDEN . that s what happened
As a matter of fact I this capitalism is to blame. I believe that if we force businesses to adhere to strict regulations we can work competition out of our society. That way our king I mean president can apply market prices to regulate spending so every American can have what they need. Of course given that they apply for good social credit given by our technological overlords, I mean free Netflix.
Shipping companies are charging exorbitant amount because Biden shut down the pipelines which caused the rise in fuel prices! Why aren't they talking about this???
Look, everyone knows that it all boils down to the buffoon in our house and his puppeteers.
It all started with the pandemic..??  Who was president then??  45 correct..
So inflation can be transitory, maybe? 😅
I think we are to blame. I think little Johnny wanting his learning blocks is adding to systemic racism. I think if we paid illegal immigrants to learn critical race theory we can end this supply chain bottle neck.
who we blaming? jews, blacks, asians, whites? poor people maybe or billionaires of course...always a blame game not a self realization about our own GREED
THE ELITE 1% IS WHATS CAUSING THIS PROBLEM.  CRAINES R NOT MOVING. WHO OWNS THESE PORTS CHINA OWNS 1 FIR SURE THE PTHERS R THE ELITE 1%. THEY R TRYING TO CAUSE AN ECONOMIC COLLAPSE ON PURPOSE!!!
Wait i was told the suplly chain was bad cuz tik tokers were ordering toi many things
US CBP is who is making the money !!!!  All this is due to free money handed out by the President - start at the last point of contact and follow the log jam; no store workers and no warehouse workers has caused this entire situation!  Nice to see 60 minutes totally avoid criticizing the current administration from ANY responsibility.   Add to that Ca. AB5 forced out private truckers...drop it and watch how quickly the ports are emptied and good start moving.
Ask Elaine chaos.. She was severely incompetent
“Freight expectations “ ? That is as bad as cargo glut
Love the comments.  All over the place.   We watch the segment, and point fingers just like the people in the interview. Except we are at home , not anywhere along the chain.
DEMOCRATS..
I’d vote for joe Biden again! I take that back I’d vote for Kamala Harris! I love the direction our country is headed!
"This is what inflation looks like..": Is he joking? The reason the money is inflated is because they keep printing more money without anything to back it. They don't back it with back like they used to.
Thanks, Brandon!
All of these shipping companies are taking advantage of this bad situation and price gauging
Dont buy crap from China or anywhere else…. Stop.
They are requiring vaxxed truck drivers which hasn’t been brought up but that’s no big deal.
Confuses me as to why the military isn’t being used to drive trucks to haul?  This problem is fully on Biden’s shoulders, yet he’s done nothing.  This smells
The ONLY thing thats causing problems is obama, wake up America !!!
They took our jobs and went to China, they closed shop in America now the chickens come home to roost
Bidens total lack of  Just how economics  Works in the modern world.
Produce more goods HERE IN THIS COUNRY that’s the solution. Pay Americans better wages and make the products here
Welp, this is what happens when American companies decide to manufacture in China. All that free labor finally came at a cost. Because corporations didnt want to pay American's fair wages and health insurance now they're paying for nothing. Literally. Stop outsourcing and bring manufacturing back to the U.S. Quit relying on China.
Could mobilize the national guard to move freight in the short term
Amazon will again eat retailers..
Holiday presents are the least of people’s worry….food should be on people’s minds.
Elaine Cho and her father in other words and Mitch Mc Connell by extension…hmmm
If we made more things here and weren’t importing so much to begin with, we wouldn’t have this problem.
Americans got too much money to work.
Feels like a Christmas gift to Biden Admin from Trump Admin.  Problem is like everything else in Trump Admin will completely backfire with America learning... through experience... how to never celebrate Christmas ever again.  Like everything else in Trump Admin America to enjoy catastrophic consequences far beyond the horizon.
This is what we get for not using the other ports on a regular basis and not making more stuff here at home
Our country supply line??? I haven't heard anything from our POTUS on what to do to help this crisis. Where is our president??🤔🤔
Cocaine pouch seen sticking out of a container at 2:37.
It's a scam they want to break us then remake us.
(60 minutes)  " I know. Let's blame it on something other than Biden! Before you rebut me, ask whether this happened under Trump. It didn't, and he dealt with Covid without this happening. Mainstream media running interference for that incompetent fool in the Oval Office.
Easy solution get back to making products here!!! This shipping problem has been in the making 20-30 year's
energy is the largest driver of inflation so when the admin shuts down local energy pipelines, consumer goods are much less % of inflation
Of course it is not the ports fault, China owns the port of Long beach, (if you do not believe that  do some research!) so of course this is not the fault of  China, and Brandon seems to be a supporter of China, (if not why has Hunters issue been swept under the rug?) yes there are other issues dealing with covid I know this, warehouses etc...  so now we have our own government working against the USA but they are in concert with China to bring down the USA,,,,,,  this all has to do with greed, power and gaining  personal wealth......... I say put 8 year term limits on all elected officials and make them follow the same laws that they enforce on us,, lets start with Brandons mask mandate on federal property..I have seen Brandon many times on federal property not wearing a mask, I think he needs about 5 years locked up Just for not following his own rules. and you billionaires that are so cool dealing with China, if and when China takes over  your billions are gone,, if you don't believe that then just look at what they do to their billionaires! wanna stop all this,, boycott things from China, buy from countries that are our allies
So, I'm taking a shot in the dark here, and say that I won't be getting my new Chinese toys until sometime next year? Damn, there goes my Christmas.
The US people overindulge with stuff. If you have food clothing h20 your bills are up to date life is good. The obsession with spending $$ bc society thinks you should is absurd. Unless you have little kids who are told santa is real wait until after Christmas to buy for teenagers. Volunteer at a soup kitchen, wrap old toys for tots give instead of receiving it's insane.
Good job gavin Newsome with those regulations
The US trade deficit is now bigger than her ports can handle.
INFLATION IS THE HIGHEST ITS BEEN IN 30 YEARS !!    THANKS JOE AND PALS !!!   😃👍
Trump would fix this, he can see and solve the problem quickly. We need TRUMP !!!!
I went into the port of Long Beach several times. The yard workers will not speak to anyone and revel in the power they have over truck drivers because of their union. The state outlawed older trucks and the drivers cannot afford to buy late model trucks.
Joe Biden
Amazing that they can attribute the inflation solely on the supply chain issues.  Let's not mention the fact that 50% of all the USD that has ever existed has been printed in the last 18 months.  If anything, America's love for the money printer contributed to the supply chain issues in the first place due to all the excessive demand for goods.  These old farts are only telling 20% of the story here.
BIDEN AND THE DEEP STATE ARE SICKENING.
💚💙💚💙💚
This is the beginning of the end of extra long global supply chains. Now is the time to reshore, or at least near-shore industry. Automation and robotics have made it cheap (finally) for major industries to return.
DEMONCRATS  AND THEIR FEAR MONGERING,  SHUTDOWNS AND OTHER COMMUNIST DRACONIAN MEASURES ALONG W ENDLESS MONEY PRINTING TO BUMS, JUNKIES AND ANYONE W A HEARTBEAT WREAKED HAVOC ON THE NATURAL BALANCE OF SUPPLY AND DEMAND  !!!
All this is showing is the different viewpoints but not the root cause. Another toothless task force?  Definition of insanity.
Support local business, artists, Etsy etc
Stop buying Chinese JUNK.
The choice we made as Americans to farm  out so much of our industry.  We must make more at home and suck up the higher prices till things can even out.
The answer Beijing Biden
How about we just start manufacturing most of this here again for a change.
This "happened" all of a sudden folks in the past month and a half. Before say 2 months ago this was not a "thing" but all of a sudden! REALLY? Don't be deceived this has been orchestrated!
Does this close the discussion that "Supply Side Economics" is an utter failure?
So sick of these business owners whining about products they didn't make or create themselves being delayed. Oh no, i can't be a middleman for cheap garbage 😥😥. Hopefully the "great resignation " will lead to the "great revelation " of how we should/shouldn't be spending our money.
Outsourcing jobs has ruined our economy!  Now we have poor jobs, poor people, and shortages! This is a government failure!
60 minutes for the most part dose not miss.
No one mentioned the elephant in the room. Gov of California and Unions.
America, the home of the greed!
Couple things.  Maybe we should not have shipped all our manufacturing to China to please wall street.  Second, maybe we should not have pulled up half the rail freight capacity in the US  to please wall st.   Third maybe we should have not developed such a consumeristic society, to please wall st.
Funny things that aren't so funny. I would take a couple of those containers they can't get rid of but I am not paying the prices they want which is double from last year.
I just watched this whole thing and still have no idea what is going on.
What caused it? Lack of foresight from the current administration combined with total incompetence. Paying people to NOT work was also as dumb as it gets.
Is it true that only union workers, NO owner operators and NO trucks older than 2012 can pick up trailers in Cl?
We are all to blame...Want it, need it, can't live without it now...once one looks at it's own motivations, change can begin...or continue on the current path...😉
I knew it had to be California over regulating
We produce 100% here in the USA & have for almost 20yrs, all of our stores will get their orders on time. 🇺🇸
Seems like they are hiding the chassis on purpose by using them for pointless activities and piling them in warehouses, so they can drive up prices.
In response to the question:  the current admin & those that funded them
The game changer changed nothing. Now people start to understand that talks are cheap.
The shipping companies are ABSOLUTELY price gouging. And once they go up, they're never coming back.
Interesting how the left owned CBS deliberately fails to point the obvious blame at the current administration, even though they have already admitted to causing the issues to further their agenda.
There’s a solution to every problem let’s get this figured out. Government should step in and help bring people together to figure this out
We don't make anything anymore. smh
The downfall of this Country is near. And then the whole World. The darkest time for humanity are yet to come. If we want to scape. There's only one way. JESUS CHRIST.
Imagine if we just made it here.....
Was the question asked?  Why wasn't this a problem say a year ago?  Covid was here a year ago so why is it suddenly a problem now?  Manufactured crisis in my opinion to take down America and further destroy the economy to bring in the new financial system/economy that is the elite's wet dream.  To build back better you first need to destroy the existing system..good luck everybody.
No that's what price deflation looks like when the cargos start being unloaded.
Amazon should step up?
Perhaps manufacture products in the USA? Instead, massive taxpayer funded upgrades to benefit private companies making record profits?
Democrats. There, answered the video headline, no need to watch.
Lose container ships are off the coast of the United States because Americans do not want anymore covid-19 from the Wuhan Laboratories in China and those containers are all coming from China is this the answer?
Buy local and buy less
oh, its too bad, American kids won't get there gifts....go live in the real world and then let me serif you complain about gifts!  trump (paying;s dog) 🐩 if he wins again u might join the rest of the wold
California throttling or dismantling it's multiple aspects (labor, gas, etc.) logistics base from more mandates than Biden probably has a good deal to do with it
WAIT WAIT WAIT…sooooo he’s being charged for something that’s not his fault so he raised his prices, WE the ppl have to pay for it…? Ya do all this mess so WE THE PPL HAVE TO PAY TEN TIMES MORE…MAKE IT MAKE SENSE….WE THE PPL NEED TO WAKE TF UP…this is insane….the pay still can’t match these ridiculous prices…
So you got foreign interests sticking it to a disorganized and stupid Biden admin...
Stop importing from China and get your product made in the USA
Maybe it's time to rethink made in USA? What's the price difference now not to mention bringing manufacturing back to America might be cost feasible at least in the short term.
FJB,that’s who.
How about we start making these things in the states. Greed got is here.
Capitalism at its finest!
This shows you and me that science and high tech colleges have no idea what logic is...we are doomed.
And this too shall pass
Maybe if American's weren't so cheap and would have bought quality goods made in this country back in the day when they could of, this wouldn't be a problem. Oh well, it's the bed we get to lay in, it's a cheaply made bed built by people that don't get a living wage but America's now get to pay a lot more for it and hope they live to see it arrive. It's no ones fault but our own and buying cheaper will always be the American way.
Lovely one more flaw of capitalism a profit driven system with no societal conscious
The supply chain problem seems more structural as opposed to "consumer demand." They keep blaming the consumers while pocketing the money.
START BUYING AMERICAN!
Id have to say from the current administration and their horrible America killing bills that only have 30 percent infrastructure anything.....then the constant lies and going after Trump when clearly Trump has only tried to make America great again!  Trump won!!
How to disable America. One ship at a kind. Trojan horses. Follow the money…
Coos Bay.
Port of Portland.
Union Controlled ! California
Alot of shade in 60mins now a days. No shortage in truck drivers that is 100% inaccurate. No mention to independent truck drivers can not drive their own trucks in California anymore, many drivers left the state because of this. No mention about how the current administration factored into this. 60mins used to cover neutral stories, everything now is driven in support of the left.
Look at the end of the chain.
I bet I 1/2 the people on this platform could figure it out in about 10 minutes how to solve the problems
Planned pain for American s.    Total fraud
Greed. Globalization. Hyperconsumerism.
Make it in America 🇺🇸
Life is a traffic Jam whats new?
Stop buy from China,  and make our products here, and all this can be resolved!!!
'Singapore is building a 20 billion dollar container terminal right now'.  But, but isn't the US #1?
This is because China owns the rights to these ports! Why not report on that?
Brandon will fix it.
The real problem here is that every corporation has their supply chain overseas, mostly in China, instead of anywhere local in North America. They won't even set up shop in Mexico if it means saving a nickel. This is a problem of the free market's own making. We need higher tariffs for imports from overseas and we need to use that money to invest in automation in manufacturing to produce goods in the US for a cost that is similar to low wage workers overseas. It's not just about keeping the prices of goods from spiraling out of control, it's a national security weakness to have everything being manufactured by your enemy
Start buying American made. At least what there is of it
Send in Kamala Harris.
To a great extent, much of this supply chain breakdown is the fault of the "great" American system of capitalism. Various businesses are "free" to do as they please rather than figure out ways to work together harmoniously to help expedite the movement of product to make the whole system function well for the benefit of all concerned. Those in the system who are able to take advantage of the disruptions and make higher profits at the expense of others are doing just that.  Meanwhile the economy of the whole country is suffering and countless people and businesses are suffering due to higher expenses and lack of product to sell or purchase.
Suddenly the world sees a lot more essential workers beyond the hospitals…
You don't need a 15 min video. Just open and say "democrat policies" and end show.
PLANDEMIC PLANDEMIC PLANDEMIC PLANDEMIC PLANDEMIC PLANDEMIC PLANDEMIC PLANDEMIC PLANDEMIC PLANDEMIC PLANDEMIC
Warehouses are hiring, got it.
Trump was right, we need to make more of our stuff and stop supporting those communists in China.
This was 13:31 minutes to long. Theres one word to describe the port delays… Biden.
It highlights the problem of buying too much from China and we don't make enough of our own goods anymore.
This is a typical fluff piece. Taking a very complicated process and making it look simple .
Buy American or buy nothing.
Buy USA 🇺🇸
According to our government...its because of low vaccination rates...
I want my Malt-O-Meal! 😡😡😡
Sounds like every body is blaming everybody else and laughing while they count the money.
Not one mention about union issues at the LA port and slowdowns therein. Figures, it is 60 minutes.
Outsourcing is the cost of this! build in America 🇺🇸 buy in America 🇺🇸 companies moving to China 🇨🇳 because of profits 📈 now will lose cheaper isn't always better !
Definition of Oxymoron.....when they said the White House put a top-level task force together
Biden did this. And then blames it on something else.
What did the socialist economy give to Nepal? Socialism of B.P?Mahendra King's socialism? Socialism of Congress, Communists, Madhes? Socialist to rule! And blaming to Capitalism!!
The truck drivers could have this whole thing in a chokehold, they should make that demand considering that they don’t make 100,000 on average and these companies are making billions of dollars . Truckers should be making a minimum of 100k
Yo! It’s the billionaire eating the RICH 🤑
Reduce desires, and thrive. Desire more and face demise.  This isn't about the freedom of choice. It is about an existential necessity.        We, humans, want more, more than yesterday and more than last year.                 We use more and discard more. The economy and the industry follow or need more. And superfluous production means more waste and more pollution.                                From an environmental perspective, this trajectory is unsustainable.                   In order to reverse this, we need to effectively reduce demand.  Since most purchases are traceable, it is possible to monitor and grade the progressive reduction in demand with the quantum algorithm. And by correlating macro sociology, with macro-technology, it is possible to make the right production projections and provide the information for the development of actual needs, while enabling the workforces to operate simultaneously and sequentially on several projects.        Recalling Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn's commencement speech, in June 1978. When reflecting on the innate human desire for more he quoted:                   "Materialism is buying things we don’t need with money we don’t have to impress people we don’t like.
They don’t touch on who is really the one making the money, China! If we made more stuff here we wouldn’t be were we are today
The energy companies and gas station chains are doing the same thing: price gouging. Biden 😴💤 Garland 😴💤 Pelosi 😴💤 Harris? What can you do when everyone else is sleeping?
Free Market Capitalism working as intended.
5:05 He gets all his supplies from China and China wants to go to war with us.... Do I need to say more. Dude you deserve this.
So why hasn't anyone made the move to get a couple of those big forklifts for containers, drive them out to the desert and start stacking the empties as a temporary storage so they can get those chassis available and more containers moved out of the port?  There's all sorts of dry storage in the desert, shoot....deploy the national guard for security....
I think what's happening is that merchants are simply just abandoning their cargos because the ports are hustling merchants... what's gonna happen is that in the short term there gonna make a lot money but in the long term merchants are gonna look for alternative products that don't have to be shipped in....
Wow.
Unbelievable.   Impractical incompetence coupled with hidebound bureaucracy, rapacious greed and sheer stupidity.  These are the people who put 12 men on the moon and got them back safely? Not anymore.  The Chinese are rolling their their eyes and thinking to themselves: “we’re better than those guys.”  And they are.  This makes me ashamed to be an American.
Unbridled capitalism, that's what.  Although the parallel parking of that freighter was impressive.
Everyone shouting buy and make American, that won't help - at least part of the issue already is labor shortages and while truckers don't earn much they sure make a lot more than someone working in a toy factory.
Give it to trump & he’ll show you ,as he has already shown us “you don’t need a magic wand 🪄 “to get anything done ,just a backbone !
Brandon did this!!
It's always beneficial to any country and maintain balance in the economy if we produce our own import less, why import  what we are capable of producing if you look at its cheap for a reason that only creates a negative impact it cost  countries lose  job market, it promotes inferior quality coming to our shores if we produce our own we gain surplus in almost every sector in the economy
👉👈👇👆=🖕
Secretary Pete: Hope you’re on this 24/7!!!
Make it here in America and we don’t need ports
This is not a “truck driver issue “....this is a PORT UNION issue ...Trying to negotiate a better deal for them ..
I'm glad I'm not caught up in materialism
Buy American. F Asian products
Seems like a rather dumb idea to have 40% of imports come through one location. Even worse to assume you can clear it out by using trucks; its just not feasible to move all those trucks through already conjested LA. Again shows the need to invest in infrastructure, physical and 'human'.
Joe biden xmas 🎄 present 🎁 to all American and  Illegals !
Maybe it's time to start considering manufacturing something in-house
This says a lot about the U.S. We consume wayyy too much. This should be a wake up call to start saving money
Why isn’t anyone talking about why there are so few trucks? Is it truckers who e retired? CA law requiring new engines for trucks over 10 years old? What else?
Time to modernize our ports! build more ports, and get rid of old containers!
I import from China...... Thats the problem .
Replying here to the 60 Minutes video titled "Prepare for Armageddon: China's warning to the world" which can be viewed at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yt3vns42Nd8  The tone is quite clearly one of not wanting to force a showdown with China; exactly the response that China hopes the world will give. Democracies world over have spent a lot of goodwill and spilt a lot of blood, in trying to make the world a better place. Allowing a regional bully, governed by a psychopathic megalomaniac to set the tone, is a recipe for disaster. There is no denying that China has progressed in leaps and bounds over the past few decades, and is now a strong Nation both economically and militarily. Such Nations are expected to display maturity wen they conduct themselves on the global stage, often stepping aside to carry smaller and weaker countries in their embrace. Quite to the contrary, China has used it growth to turn into a regional bully, even arm-twisting countries like Bhutan, which are only around 1/100th of its size! Its behaviour is contemptible no matter what the justification, but China continues to careen around like the proverbial bull in a China shop! Regular threats to Taiwan, bullying Philippines, Indonesia, Japan etc., and shadow boxing with the US has been going around for a while. Then Xi miscalculated gravely in trying to salami slice part of Indian territory, and got his bu t t whipped. Therefore this is a grudge he will nurse, and be scheming to repay. Though he will find that India too is no longer willing to remain oblivious to Chinese provocations.  While Australia has so far only seen economic actions, it would be surprising if the mood turns conciliatory. Xi and China need to be put in place, such that they remain there. It's essential that a;; countries come together to enforce the same.
AMEERIICA SINKING 😔 MR TRUMP WERE ARE YOU
This shipping shortage reminds me McDonalds needs to take down their Open 24/7 signs off the highways at many many of their locations
The poor infrastructure of US itself is to be blamed ....
Well to add to the frustration there are millions of second shift workers that cant get to a 24/7 shopping place after getting off work past midnight , so they order online instead .
The amount of U.S. Dollars leaving the USA is insane .hundreds of thousands of small manufacturing companies in the USA could make good money. The demand is their.
Look's like Santa's gonna have to give his Reindeer some blow this year.
Storage fees? You incentivize the wrong behavior.
Let's go Brandon!
Trump would know how to resolve this.
Backfire from potus tradewar.
Just wait until CAL says only electric vehicles....
Very informative!
OK.  Whatever.  None of that discussed what caused this. The US added 40% to its money supply (actual inflation).  Simultaneously, the US told everyone to go home and stop producing goods and services paid with additional cash (actual supply reduction).  This caused people to buy a bunch of stuff with new money while not creating anything (increased demand).  Since we are not creating the stuff, other countries are (increased imports).  This is what Venezuela did in the 90's. Prices rise, stuff is harder to get, government debt increases, and everybody feels richer while things disappear from the shelves. Review other countries that have tried this before. It does not end well.
We know the story is full of holes designed to garner an emotional reaction, but hear from a Persian who has lived under dictatorship.  The reason they left this comment line open is because FBI and SS is on this thread looking for domestic terrorists.
LGBFJB! Where is the leadership? The only thing I heard from that senator is propaganda on the infra bill and no any concrete plan to alleviate this issue.
It's all Biden's fault! (Not!)
The Russian military is a masterclass in rail logistics and shipping :|
Hahaha I've been laughing about this all year
Don't buy the product, Xmas can take a break this year, show the fat cats we mean business!
#LETSGOBRANDON  FJB!
If only I hadn't outsourced all of my production jobs to china.....  Hmmmm......
Why can't the Federal Govt do anything? That's a lie. The Federal Govt can do whatever it chooses too, it's written in the Constitution. The US is old. Old leaders and ideas
The irony of costs for excessive holding of rail cars (demurrage) is that they are intended to incentivize the owner of the cargo to unload and free up the rail car quickly and not to treat a rail car as an extension of their warehouse. In this case the owners of the cargo are prevented access to their goods by the carrier.  Current logistics practice in the US is a shambles..
Have the military get in there and have them redistribute the inventory to other ports.
Wake up  American people  ..stock up on your supplies on food and  water..our government is not  telling us  the truth.. all those  corrupt  politicians  had  already  been  stock  up  on their  supplies..now  our government  has all now they finally  tell us the truth..
Amerikkka deserves everything that it's getting and everything that's coming to it
I have no dog in this fight as it were, so to the larger part of things, I’m not being affected as some others are, the merchants, and the people that have ordered goods for holidays. I don’t get involved in holiday shopping. However in whatever other way that’s linked to it, I’m sure I’m being affected somehow…  That being said, this is clearly a classic gouging tactic/maneuver.  Is anyone to really believe that a system of freight that has been working fine for the most part, up till recently, is now, and for the past months so disorganized and disoriented that it’s backed up to a crawl/halt? Well folks, as with any crime solved, and apprehending of the responsible criminals, in most cases, it’s as easy as following the money. Who are the ones benefiting the most? It’s the protection/extortion racket in the biggest way…
Biden needs to order the military to assist in all aspects of bringing ships in, unloading, delivery etc...
40%? People should have started sifting to the other domestic ports a long time ago.  Drop west coast port traffic to 20% untill it normalizes.  And. California is the only state that restricted truck intra-state travel statewide. News outlets aren't publicizing that Bull s.. It's illegal for older trucks to even go into Comifornia. To help haul products.  Thanks C.A.R.B...
It's just a perfect storm of crazy situations, brought to the fore by a global pandemic.  At least it's bringing to light the weaknesses of our shipping industry, and hopefully we can learn and improve from this.
I think this will lead to the biggest stock market crash that they've been making noise about in the past months
Mrs. McConnel is making $B in this crunch.
My question is has the government shutdowns by California's government cause this? If yes why did they close ports?
This is happening all around the world, especially in the Pacific. We treat China badly, impolitely. They owe the US and the West nothing. This is what happens when all is profit, jobs are lost and health scares come out of the blue
Buy ASSETS NOT GOODS
*Dont forget people: Its a global problem. This has nothing to do with “American politicians”. Theyre all involved.
And once retailers increase the prices of their products for the next 2-3 months, they won't even come back to their normal prices even when this issue gets solved and that's when great inflation will happen & the Dollar loses value.  The inflation wave is forming up & we need to do something about this because it will hugely affect the entire economy.
Truck leaves port at 3AM and nobody is at the warehouse???? So your trucks are so fast that they make it to Utah, Nevada, Arizona or what ever state before they open. Fed Ex ain't that fast so cut the excuses.
Easy answer: Brandon and his puppet handlers wanting to transition into the RREAT GESET. Block that YT. 19k views and 200 replies, hmmm I wonder why…
Why aren't the trains moving? What's stopping them?
Easy answer: Biden and his puppet handlers wanting to transition into the Great Reset.
in 2020, I was trapped in a hotel room by covid in Hong Kong overlooking the harbour. Immediately below me were shipyards that I watched operate 24/7 while they were unloaded a matter of hours--not days--these massive container ships. What is so wrong with the USA, why has it become so very backward?? (not just in this way, but in every way, from its technology and infrastructure, to its politics and priorities. I just want these greedy libertarians that run the corporations that profit from the ever increasing amount of permissible  exploitation that when Atlas shrugs, he leaves his balls wide open. China is gunning for you folks and they are going to take your entire world apart brick by brick. I know CEOs and Wall Street types don't care because most of them will be dead before it really hurts. Fools and their politicos...
In watching this video, which is one of many that highlights the situation of cargo delivery, the comments of "price gauging" , makes me recall a statement by a young Congress women - "it is all about the Benjie's".   Yes "people are making money", and many will not reside within the US. This situation is NOT going to go away. My advice to sea ports you now need to look at how you operate and make raid changes.  My suggestion is create an inland container "port" where inbound can be transferred to (and the railways & road transport move containers from here) empties returned to the same place, creates space on the docks.
Homless people are now looting the containers
Great depression Venezuela and Brazil burned or destroyed excess supplies to stop  inflation or recovery the economy.
Tons of gently used items at thrifts stores!
Maybe, just maybe, we need a new economic system.
12:42, At a press conference on August 12th, 1986, US President Ronald Reagan said, “The nine most terrifying words in the English language are ‘I’m from the government and I’m here to help.’......We didn't get here by mistake.
I love America, but we are the greediest country in the world.
Nevermind.. USA can conquer that Middle East oil countries like they used to do...he.. He..
Forty years of Reganomics, that Joe Manchin wants us to continue, kicking us in the teeth. Merry Christmas.
Maybe if that stuff was made in the USA then we would have to buy it from China and pay the shipping companies.  BTW I'v heard the truckers wait at the docks for days to pick up a container and they see that none of the cranes are running.  Blaming the truckers is a bunch of BS!
Enjoying Biden looks like.
People like making money.
13 minutes of each part of the supply chain blaming each other.
Maybe it's time to kick our habit for cheap, Chinese junk.
At no point do the mention the actual problem as being the actual problem.  Rampant consumerism.  How about just stop buying tons of crap that you don't need?
Its not The Biden & Harris Administration fault.  I had no issues receiving any items I have ordered and if I did, I wouldn't complain.  I used USPS, where the UPS was losing packages at one point, for several reasons,  centers closed or death of employees.  People need to get the vaccine and get back to work. There is a saying; we can not help you unless you help yourself.
And I still don’t understand why there is a backlog…
.....ahhh....."let's go Brandon" caused it
why can't they re route some of those ships to other US ports? spread the load around.
“GLOBAL WARMNG, JOE BIDEN SAVES THE WORLD” STARRING JOE BIDEN AND CA GOVERNOR GAVIN NEWSOM. STAY TUNED FOR “GLOBAL WARMING, JOE BIDEN SAVES WORLD” PART TWO COMING SOON TO A COMEDY CLUB NEAR YOU IN 2032…
The solution is easy to identify but harder to realize. Replace trucking with something faster to move domestic product more efficiently and keep the ports more empty.
The political-economic system in America is failing; and the political-economic system in China is an amazing success.   America is heading full speed to being second rate.
So basically he parties that are doling out the fines are making profit off the market instability. Got it👌🏾
It doesn't affect me...I'm broke anyways.
Dis shows how dependent Americans are on Chinese goods.
Make things in America
Sounds like they have a genius supply chain. 😂🤣😂🤣
Only like 4 mins and and this guys puns are not it
Its New Normal because ☺️💃🏼
The incompetence of democrat socialist policy
It goes back alot farther. Trump told China they had to sell the contract to the long Beach port. The prime minister of Australia blamed China for the virus and wanted an investigation. China refused to bye coal from Australia.  ships sat some for over a year 60 or more. A bank in Australia bought the lease from China for the long Beach port.  They refused to unload ships from China. And would only load empty containers. Ships refused to load empty containers.  The ship yards only stored 100 to 150 empties. But now have close to 800 empties.Now they have to move incoming containers to allow exports to load And move empty containers around so incoming containers can unload.Trucks wait 19 hours to get there loads or to unload. If you ask me it would be a brilliant plan to jam up the supply chain worldwide. Virus and all.
More chassis. More truckers that will get it all out
It's the shortage of trucking capacity.
As a truck driver I can tell you no truck driver I know wants to go to California let alone the port of Long Beach! Way to many regulations and cost. They hate truck drivers
The supply chain crisis is really the grinch that may destroy the Christmas Gift giving season
Like anyone can believe anything 60 minutes says. FAKE NEWS!
Everyone tsk tsks Chinese made goods but look at your own shopping. If you are buying more than food, what you are buying was likely made in china.
Have an 1850’s Christmas and make gifts to give; Cookies, Quilt blankets, make children’s toys. Spend quality time with family. Put these port bozos out of business.
maybe USA Made, Made in the USA would help?
Buy American and you can help. Even if it's a little more.
we buy too much imports
Why are people so eager to pay high tariff-priced MIC goods?  Should people be happy that all those goods from China are stuck at sea ?
Good thing our fed SEC of transportation was on vacation for months having a baby w his hubby during all this.  Butti', you back yet?  Brandon... let's go... ✌🤪👍
Just don't buy Toys and Cookware from China
If y’all can’t see that they did this on purpose idk what to tell you. Don’t just believe what they say. Actually look it up.
THIS is ALL about greed. End of STORY!!!! Not spending this year. Keeping my $$ GTFOHWTBS
Biden
ill tell you what without watching. governor gruesome, taliban joe, and kamala harris' socialist uptopic policies
Why are we buying from China ? There at war and always have been just ask them . Don't feel bad its lesson to be learned lets just hope we can shrink government . American People are not working for America so we pay the price .
Hasn’t affected me one iota yet. Since I am not planning on spending on a bunch of unnecessary ‘stuff’ … I don’t think it’s going to matter. The day and age of frenzied buying are over.
Around 8:29 the term 'bottleneck' is used when the accurate term is 'clusterfuck'. Just saying.
To the people calling this the result of “capitalism” many of these problems are caused by socialist laws. Such as not allowing semi trucks older than 2011 to unload the ports in California.
It's all about Just In Time deliveries by corporations, plus ships being held offshore due to Covid-19 by Trump and the backlog isn't being relieved. Over 750,000 dead Americans, including longshoremen and truckers.
Enjoy
This country has become way to greedy
We don’t export anything. That’s the problem.
chance to price up 🎄 at winter wonderland 😉
Globalists and The #CCP are doing this intentionally. The Feds are demanding a logjam and bottleneck.
Stop buying Chinese
The answer? Stop buying stuff we don't need for 6 months.
I KNOW WHY THE CAGED BIRD SINGS...HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. THAT'S WHAT COUNTS.  JS
Richies
The ports in California. That's the main source of the problem. There's plenty of truckers and resources, but it's all bottlenecked at the ports California controls.
Let's go brandon !
China dump
And the trillions of stimulus money has nothing to do with it?
Government spending beyond belief Inflation at an uncontrolled pace Gasoline prices doubled  Food prices through the roof But it’s all due to “transient” conditions 🤔
The video is only 13 min long
Pointless shutdowns over hyperflus. Next.
Buy local and homemade. Don’t buy plastic crap from China
Gavin Newsom! D-bag
Ah, capitalism at it's worst. Everyone looking to scalp the next sucker down the food chain.
The Globalist, Klaus Schwab agenda to reset our economy.
40% of all imports come through Long Beach? That's not just an economic issue, that is a national security issue.
My company used to operate about 30% of all the cargo it moved across the LA Long Beach Port complex. This was a very good piece but it showed that there were several things that could’ve been done that weren’t being done to free up equipment to move freight. As the old saying goes you can’t push a string you have to pull it snd this goes to freight movement. I saw three or four easy fixes to could’ve taken place.
It was a set up to squeeze American pockets. 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Now would be the time to bring back well-paying manufacturing jobs to the US. And also a MASSIVE reassessment of our logistics and supply chain infrastructure.
What about the crippling restrictions from the sate of Cali? No mention at all. And the Biden task force? JOKE. They don't care
All I can say is people ordinary citizens of this country again getting ripped off by bs from the government,  media and big corporations.  It happened in 2008 and 2004 with gas prices and all. This dont make no sense at all.
USA has become a punch line.
capitalism 🙃
Good! Glad they're moving to better states.
Welcome to free market capitalism.!!!
Not enough investigation here — this wasn’t happening one or two years ago — what brought this on?  The ports were the same two years ago, so it’s not infrastructure, people bought stuff from overseas, the shipping companies would have been just as greedy — what’s different this year?
Maybe the real solution is to stop buying so much crap you don't need.
When Donald Trump met the Pope and they were all dressed in black Donald said the storm will be coming..... and also the pope said this would be our last Christmas.
Really you have no idea? 🙄
Time to take actions NOT to buy products from China. We don’t have a supply chain issue, we have issues not willing to pay good products made in the US and other countries. I’ve been saying this for 10 years.
The decline of the United States
America is changing
Tool up and do it here.
Looks like mothers and children everywhere won't get Santa's cheap Chinese-made knock-off Wish List items this year. so sad.
Hahahaha! Oh boy! ....that question ....
Good. People need to stop buying crap they don't need.
California is a blue state with blue problems causing blue like delays and inefficiencies in the global supply chain
They want us to be like Europe, Lower our expectations. Bull.
How did the government let this to happen!? This is a joke. There are no excuses. Activate the DPA & create a committee to hunt down the people who caused this.
When our money is manipulated by the federal reserve, all price signals get scrambled, and the economy becomes unstable.   We need money that isn’t controlled by government manipulators.
12:21 Look at all that future back pain.
Everything is horrible in California
If you’ve seen the movie “Inside Out” you would know that it’s okay to be sad. Likewise it’s okay to have an economic depression.   By not accepting our fate with COVID, and pumping the markets, we are hiding an economic depression. Hiding emotions are bad. Hiding natural economic swings is bad.  The damage was already done. Now we must wait and rebuild after it all crumbles.
There’s a simple solution to this problem.  Put President Trump back in office in the White House and put Bumbling Biden back in his basement bedroom.
Wow. Absolutely nothing about how workers are not coming in because of vaccine mandates.
Guess I'm buying a playstation 3 and playstation 2 and gluing them together :-/
It's all make believe...
ports be privatized and not run by local government to increase efficiency..
Ports are built by the cities they are in....that said it all.  Never voted...want the truth
Hopefully people will learn to look beyond the singleminded pursuit of the acquisition and consumption of foreign made goods and do more environmentally friendly reuse and recycling and locally made products...
Gavin Newsom! Total DBag, he's the west coast impediment
Most of those containers are filled with drugs and other contraband.
It was planned
not biden
Send it to Vancouver, WA and Portland, OR.
Remember where the virus came from when you do your christmas shopping.
Biden
Fortune 500 companies are making record profits as well. I don’t think industry is any hurry until they suck the stimulus money dry from everyone’s pockets.
Let’s go Brandon!
Who cares like people can't just go with out buying more stuff are we that superficial ffs.
Inb4 Trumpists blame Biden for 100% of supply chain issues
Good, lets bring manufacturing back to America!
It’s funny how the port of Tampa is running fine!? This is purposefully being done to our country to further disrupt our economy and way of life! This is an assault on America 🇺🇸 We’re going to have to start making stuff here in the USA
I recommend reading the book called "The Box" about shipping containers
