A year later and I want this mission type back .....enemies and all.
Why didn't you run away and just come back later to draw enemies away from there? I never had this mission before,  so I'm not sure what keeps triggering the breaches.
Fights in the game are essentially running around waiting for Supplies and Stratagems to cool down. It's just stupid.
This game is hot pile of garbage, I shouldn't have wasted my money on this shit.
i have one problem with this, "higer difficulty" dosn´t higher difficulty mean that its suposed to be harder? i mean the game has like 9 difficultys, it wuld be quite pointless if difficulty 8 or 9 wuld be a walk in the park, i for my part wuld absulutly expect the highest difficulty to be barly doable since the game has so manny difficultys, everything else wuld just be pointless, whats the point in that manny difficultys if they are all easy, at that point you culd just make 3, i mean shure the dificulty is just caaled "IMPOSSIBLE" but yes lets go and expect to have an easy time, just go and play a lower difficulty, i realy don´t understand you guys, lets go play the hardest mode and complain that its hard, like what now? then don´t play that mode, this sounds like people that go play dark souls and then complain about it being hard even tho its known for that
To add to this, even the lower difficulty missions can get quite bad. I was trying to solo a lvl 3 as a warm up, and while there are no bile titans, it doesn't matter if theres so many bugs you can't reload as it was just a breach after breach. Couldn't even find the bugs calling these in. In comparison, at least you know, and can stop, drop ships reasonably.
Looks fun. I love the feeling of total devastation, fighting for your life. Makes the game more interesting
Its taking all the fun out of it. I can only do one faction now before I shut the game down as its the only way I can have a breather. I kid you not worst I've seen so far is 21 bile titans in one game.
I literally got to level 10 and the game is 100 percent not working right on ps5 this game is broken 😡 😅I paid 40 bucks for this game and it’s trash 🗑️  everyone hyped this game up fixing to uninstall and no it’s not a skill issue it’s a lazy developer issues 🤣 FOR DEMOCRACY like the kiddos say and I love how everyone like for democracy because half the kids playing this game would never serve their country if they were asked to 😅I am uninstalling this broken crap 😂
i mean ngl despite all of this, ya'll were ballin
Nerfing the railgun was the stupidest decision. It was the only longterm viable way to keep up with the spawnrates. We literally have nothing that can keep up with this.
u guys need to learn about spawn mechanic in the game if u not play close togehter u all heating up the map and each of u playing to far away from ur team will cose oter groups to spawn in! I just love it and if u start play higher difficulty this is kind  chilling for u mate and of course the silo mechanics mate ^^
This gameplay is the most tedious and repetitive thing I’ve seen.
I logged on to the game after awhile. Dove into my first mission. Immediately saw 5 chargers, 3 titans and a stalker and I alt f4ed and started playing Dragons Dogma. Haven’t looked back. Having an absolute blast
Yeah the devs roped everyone in with a wonderful product, and then shit in our hands
It’s the mission type. These silo missions never stop flooding you
I've had with the recent update, 12 Titan in a Exterminate lvl 7, we barely managed to win it with 2 more lifes remained.
Cant agree more...this is just hilarious! How are you even supposed to accomplish your mission objectives??? Me and my friends absolutely love this game but it has a lot of issues at the moment...the new update a couple of days ago didn´rmake things better. Hope they will find a healthy balancing soon 🙄
sounds like an skill issue u played at Difficulty 8 of 9 and talk about Casually playing :D:D:D
farm jaquillo bomb
Dude i love blasting bugs but i am a medium bificulty player instead
its a bugy mess again. so much server disconnects i got 20 or more in 3 hours. unplayable on pc. and the desktop crashses are also back etc. soooooooooooooooooo many server disconnects wtf. im tired of it. i think i stop playing it until they fix all this shit. its fu broken as Ass.
if this game wasn't hard (unbeatable, for me) then it wouldn't be fun. for example, I don't play darktide because every match is winnable. It's so easy that I'd rather never even fire it up in the first place.
we need mech upgrade module !
I played the game for the first time a couple days ago, I'm currently level 12, but me and my friends did a terminand planet on Impossible difficulty and it wasn't that difficult, we did it first try. We're struggling with Hell Diver difficulty but that's how it should be. While this game shouldn't be competitive and you shouldn't need to be a ESport player to play it, there should be a degree of communication needed to beat anything impossible or above because without that the game would be really boring in my opinion. Part of the fun comes from playing with a team, I honestly don't know how solo people enjoy the game, I personally couldn't enjoy it solo.
This video has been reported to the Ministry of Truth. Please contact your nearest Democracy Officer.
the funniest thing is that this wasn't even on Helldiver difficulty, what everyone just watched was difficulty 8.
Someone at arrow head fat fingered those spawn rates
There's going to be a hard fall off at some point for the game and that's just an unfortunate fact at this point. Like this game is still buggy with where it spawns the player I literally just spawned in on a group of people and spawned to the right of the help pod so I was down there with the dudes on the computers and I tried to move around and figure a way back onto the main path and it clipped me through the ship to the point where I was free falling towards the planet we were orbiting. So will everyone was starting their mission I was falling being told to enter a hell pod I had no chance of entering...
Not to mention the termicide towers were very hard every time I joined in on one it was always being completed by a couple of sweats
As it stands currently there's no real way to fully complete a tier 8 mission unless you have four dedicated players who have had at least 100 hours each and you have comms and even then it's still going to be a sweatshop. Like I see videos online of people soloing level 8 by themselves and it's just insane that they go through the shit they go through just a solo shit. Tier 7 is difficult enough for me to not get past I'm good for 8
12:07 yeah no like I love the community aspect but they're form a difficulties is just to increase the enemy count That's it there is nothing more about it than just oh you're playing on level five we're going to spawn three instead of one oh you're playing a difficulty level 8 we're going to spawn 18 instead of one
11:29 yeah welcome to the average game on higher difficulty when you get half of the mission done and then the user rage quits and you lose everything after 20 minutes of sitting there struggling.
dude, the game should be hard and endless.... like its war lmao
Wise men once said "the only way to win this game is to not play it"
First of all, you need to aim for the forehead on the BT to get a double RR/EAT Headshot, second of all as everyone else has already pointed out activating the silos causes bug breaches to occur, and the reason you were having so much trouble with the third silo was because they take massive FF from explosives.
Massive hordes of small to medium bugs is fine but…….. TWENTY TITANS!!! Especially with the well balanced nature of this games weapons odds like that are next to impossible.
This sounds awfully close to treason, helldiver.
i play helldiver 9 and i say skill issue for u all XD
Bait.
I do think the game has balance issues but I'm having a seriously difficult time feeling bad when people are having a rough time in the hardest difficulties in the game. It should be insanely difficult. on the highest difficulties.
12:05 made a similar mistake with my team. if you press the button to charge a battery silo, pressing the button spawns a couple of waves which include bile titans. if the silo gets damaged you can press the button again to restart it (from 0%). restarting the battery silo before you clear the wave from the previous attempt leads to results like what you saw. you just had over eager team mates who pressed the button too fast after failing an attempt.   so yes... its a skill issue, not yours but from one of your team mates who keeps pressing the buttons.
There's a reason that coaches watch game film after a heavy loss.  It's to discover how to become better, or develop working strategies.  You admitted that this was literally your first mission of that type.  As many bile titans you guys encountered you still managed to get to the very last silo.  That's pretty good for the first time.    You need to report the leader of that mission to the proper authorities for reeducation.  Helldivers never quit. They fight on...  For democracy. For freedom.
he says the cope is endless so get ready. I'm not going to bring up shot placement because that's sweaty even for me so let's take this from the top  1 :49 hot drops even at the best of times aren't great you don't know what is happening on the ground. I would agree that this information problem is stupid. Let me see the briefing and modifiers when I join so I can plan my stratagems correctly. Looking at the other's stratagems their is alot of anti heavy in this line up but most of it is in large one use strategems this is good for biles but over kill for chargers and their is no swarm clear at all you have a shield and a auto gun so its probably safe to say majority medium threats can be taken care of (bile spewers specifically). If I was being an min/maxer  asshole I would say bring clusters or air burst strike maybe even 380 to clear an area in the case of a massive fuck up. My player brain says bring orbital laser just in case their being over run. The other thing is he is running the recoiless (my favorite) but he's running light armor not great because the recoiless will lock you into place as you reload making you speed a non factor. p.s base helldiver armor really good for running recoilless.   2 1:00 I dont see a patrol worth attacking and the turret would be better spent setting up a kill zone to defend. Secondly that turret placement is not ideal typically you would want to put it in a place to defend it from charger charges as it will mop everything else up.   3 1:23 this is not thirty seconds if you look at the timer directly above the xp it says 32 minutes standard mission time for anything other than blitz is ussually 40 minutes, this is minute eight. Probably why the team is missing 7 reinforcements they have been banging their head against the wall. The other thing is because this is a hot drop this is probably not the first mission but the third. The difficultly ramps up as time goes on and is shared in some way if you do multiple missions in the same tour. This might explain why their are so many heavy's. Not saying its a good or bad thing just postulating an explanation.   4 2:50 Just a critique the long reload of the recoilless rifle is its weakness. This reload can be broken up in two places by dodging once when the rocket is fully extracted/beginning to load a new rocket and when the rocket is fully inserted/ beginning to close the hatch of the launcher. This man plops down by himself and you can clearly see a swarm behind him closing about to eat him which it then proceeds to do. The big part of high tier is situational awareness witch is not the only time this is going to be brought up.  5 3:04 seems to work fine to me   6 3:10 I have felt that pain pull the trigger, nothing happens, then your teams vaporized by a flame hulk. :(  7 3:26 its very clear by this point that the objective is clear and the rest of the team is moving or at another objective their is no reason to dig in you should be making your way to an objective and not calling down a turret which does nothing.  8 3:37 pro tip use single rocket to draw agro also positioning  9 4:07 Not trying to be mean but you can see the objective just bellow the timer clearly says defend battery one. Just saying the critique is pretty bad if it is completely wrong.   10 4:19 When is say positioning is important this is why on the objectives you can clearly see that they have completed silo 1 in the time it take this man to get their in the mech which means they had to kill everything by themselves without this guys help. I don't want to be mean or say gg skill issue but when your entire team is on the point and your not their to help. Then complain about balance its just a little ironic.   11 I like A4 has pretty talkative thats fun to see at high difficulty   12 5:41 positioning positioning positioning. The enemys are spawning behind him, his team is behind him, and the objective he is supposed to defend is behind him. why in the world is he not falling behind his team mates and acting as a pill box for chaff and instead walking away like an idiot.  13 6:17 time skips ahead a minute. 15 minutes in and hes got a turret hes got another rocket launcher call and the team is spreading out. Many things one spreading out especially with bugs is a death sentence you will get blindsided and also not be able co cover the others with anti tank rockets or manage ammo resupply.   14 6:23 because you where called in a mile away from it.  15 6:28 Why you know it's empty I know its empty call another one. (Maybe this is a little harsh because its been 2 minutes since he had it)  16 6:49 I find this funny out of ammo Immediately calls in other rocket launcher.  17 7:16 another time skip this time 30 seconds   18 7:36 he keeps reloading in the worst spots but doesn't die, maybe I'm the dumb one.  19 7:46 claims he has no ammo can clearly see ammo pod ready to be called in the drop down menu. If you don't want to take it fine but don't say it doesn't exist  20 8:04 another cut this time a minute of time loss. Nineteen minutes in the match by the way. Their are also two disposables on the ground guess no ammo in them though.  21 8:18 F for mech. Also pretty good positioning so far by the team see how much more manageable it is now then before.  22 9:17 The team is split apart and is beginning to death spiral again.  23 10:07 turret would be real nice right now.  24 10:38 Drop pod air strikes are a bad idea at this stage because even if it did kill the bile might kill the diver by falling on him. You also need all the strategems and ammo you can get.  25 10:46 why did you think that was a good idea just take the ammo from the pod and shoot it with a rocket launcher also positioning where is your team.  26 10:51 The best part of this is the entire plan here is that it is pointless. You can clearly see in the dropdown menu he has another launcher off cool down he could have just out ran the bile titan thrown it ahead of him picked it up and shot the titan. Nope he has got these turrets might as well use them now when their immediately going to die.  27 11:14 I love the fact that he only picked up one ammo resupply like the rest of the dead team was going to use it.  28 11:20 not true you can see in the text chat that no one is else is having fun, host even asks. I think its a little unfair to call it a rage quit.  29 12:08 damn I feel called out  30 12:34 I don't expect anyone out their to be a sweat by just playing the game. Hell sometimes i go to fives to help out newbies can't tell you the disappointment of watching a man run into the same cluster bomb strike three times in a row.  However you are playing on the second hardest difficulty I don't think Its a big ask for you to know how to stay with teammates, be able to read the mission time, manage your cooldowns, understand turret placement, loadout composition, or how to read the objective write ups. In the end this stuff is the game ,and should be important to understand all of this stuff when playing high tier especially 8s and 9s because those are a choice.   End of video: While I understand his point sometime the game can get hectic and it is hard at later stages but thats you. Look at it this way I don't want the game to be a slog for anyone doesn't like that. You have to accept sometimes your not going to light the world on fire and your just going to lose. There is a big deal being made about difficulty and with 7s and below I can certainly understand. With 8s and 9s however I think you should just lower the difficulty until your ready. I won't say get good but I won't ignore that some people want the game to be a power trip and I'm not interested. I like having to plan my loadout , have to hit my stratagem throws, be on the ball about teammates and surroundings, and manage the crisis of two biles showing up every reinforce  because I find that fun. If you don't that's you but don't lie and say the game is to hard. Ruin the challenge me and the rest of us because you can't cut it because at the end of the day you don't need to be the best. Fuck rocket dominators though.
Are you using MACROS? Hahahaaah
I think that people are being way too picky with the game. I am level 50 and use almost every stratagem in the game. The same goes for weapons. Most are viable and just because one may be slightly better doesn’t mean that you half to use it. I can’t stand people complaining that the game is too difficult or unfair when they are literally playing on the max difficulty or close to. It is fine not to like a game but spewing negativity on a bruised ego is pettyLet’s just stop whining about random micro problems, and our skill issues. We need to encourage the devs to keep making the best game possible.
I'm not sure if everyone experienced this. Personally i exclusively play on difficulty 7, but i have to say all enemies together bile titans included, that was at most only 20% of what i see in the video on difficulty 8. It makes me wonder, does that one difficulty up really bump up the spawn rates THAT much?
I simply cannot believe that the devs test these "balances" before putting out these patches.  They are starting to alienate their player base, and it's really a shame because the game has so much potential moving forward.  At this point, they need to add more strategem slots for players to unlock.    It's questionable whether you can bring enough gear and ammo to deal with 20 bile titans, 30 chargers, and 5,000 hunters on level 8 and it's even worse when you're playing with randoms who are difficult to coordinate.
You sound pathetic
So glad I quit buying on hype alone. I still dont own this game. Looks like I never will.
Yeah this is normal. Did a helldive 9 TCS mission and we only beat it by spamming EATs every chance we got, sentries, teslas arcs and mechs. It was absolutely miserable but we did it with like 2 mins of downtime over 20 mins.   If the difficulty isnt fun, turn it down until you get more accustomed to it, or bring your coordinated squad. We did have fun but we’re also long time squad mates and coordinate quite well.  I think we walked away with 500+ kills each average.
Yeah at level 6 I had two game where we got hit with 7 titans one after the other burning everything forcing me in to cool down waiting the game. The xceond was not as bad being only 5. A bit more space out. The most mess up part is that my friends thing level 6 is harder then level 7 right now. And I shear that thought.
I'm fine with extreme difficulty, not touching that shit lmao
The friend system is broken. IPV6 is not supported, and we're missing simple things like a way to look around while sitting on a gatling without turning the entire system. Love the game otherwise.
To be fair… there’s a reason it’s called impossible difficulty also you can read mission briefings to find out what to do and please just look in the top right.
If someone cannot handle tier 9, it just means they need to go to lower difficulties
Difficulty is a bit bogus right now but I don’t think it’s nearly as bad as you say. I will admit seeing a literally never ending swarm of hunters constantly flowing from absolutely nowhere for no reason on a difficulty 4 mission makes me pissed off.
Ok so dont buy helldivers 2 yet until this horde mode glitch is buffed even more....
You realize higher difficulties are supposed to be more difficult right? You are supposed to fail more frequently. If you aren't failing your missions more frequently, then they need to make it harder until you do fail them more frequently.
The spawns is insane, I've noticed that they are severe even on difficulty 4. We were being swarmed all the time, and that was WITH the new patrol spawn booster to limit the time between spawns.
What is this rage bait trash?
Sounds like a skill issue try a easier difficulty
The game is already slowly dying. They had a good thing going, but so far it seems the devs are determined to kill the game within the first year. If another game comes out soon that's better and more fun, then no doubts the game will lose well over half its players and be left to the diehards.
Suicide difficulty( No Realistic cockroach difficulty( Yes
Yeah, the patch rather increased the spawnrate of Bile titans. Played an hour ago an exterminate mission on difficulty 8. Not even 3 minutes in, and theres 1 Titan dead to my left, and 3 living ones in front of me.
A difficulty called impossible is really hard to win you say? Well I am astonished.
i think its a very niche patch. some ppl might like it while others doesnt. the problem with devs is that they need to catch up with players keep grinding 24/7 because its the only game they could play.
This game might as well be a 6 player coop game. This amount of titan is ridiculous.
"I don't know how the new mission works, never figured it out, therefore it's bullshit."
Wait you're telling me the second hardest difficulty in the game is actually hard? hmm, crazy
so diffrence from diff 7 to 8 is about 200-300% more chargers and titans...
Stop crying and git gud. The game is very well balanced and they’re making improvements to minor issues all the time. There shouldn’t be a meta. If you need a meta then just admit you’re not interested in thinking and that you need a crutch. If that’s how you like to play then go play something brain dead like CoD or Fortnite.
All I'm hearing is treasonous slander against our managed democracy!
these PVE games need a statistician. preferably a triumvirate so they can double-check their work. which  unfortunately would only add to production costs unless they are lucky enough to have an actual coder  moonlighting as one.
me and my team downed 15 Bile Titans on Impossible for the TCS mission and succeeded with full extraction. git gud
cry about it
I find it ironic how bad the player base is at avoiding protracted engagements. Spawn rates are only a problem if you have "loud" people on your team lacking basic situational awareness. Assisted reload anti-armor carves up heavies. Don't want to cooperate, go EATS or slow reload at a distance. You can melee those pesky hunters or rely on defensive packs. The point is that rather than complain about the game they created, recognize that you need to apply more military type thinking to your approach to missions in a shifting landscape. Even with all the benefits of community "meta gaming", the game will beat you, and what you take away from failure defines your character. You can't win them all.
This happened to me last night I legit thought it was impossible. Now I know it is.
I want 10 bile titans. And ten,   More bile titans.
You shouldn't shoot at patrols. They cause more enemies to spawn if you don't eliminate the enemies quickly enough. Stealth is best for this mission type. When pressing a silo button there should be no guards (you can stealth kill them) or patrols (you can wait for them to leave) near you. Pressing the button will cause many enemies to spawn near you and attack the silo. You can distract them with smokes or sentries. If you fail to defend a silo and there are enemies present, you shouldn't press the button again. Instead you should kill them or move stealthily to a safer silo to retry. Eventually the enemies at the one you failed will move away like regular patrols.   Stealth is best for this mission. So much so that I have an easier time doing it solo compared to with a team who will impulsively shoot at everything they see.
Terrible idea to try on a new mission typo on diff 8 imo but to each their own. Played this mission twice last night on 7 with randos. One failed with 6-7 titans und plenty chargers - pretty sure someone spammed the silo button.   Next mission with one of the dudes from the previous attempt and two new randos, there was ONE titan. So - huge variance, which I like. Also, pretty sure the constant retries do this (we failed 0 silos on the second attempt). Small sample size, yeah, but it seems the comments agree mostly?  Odd rant video ("I don't know what this mission is but the second hardest difficulty seems hard when I have no idea what is going on"). Pretty sure you guys borked the mission super hard by spawning more and more and more titans by re-trying the silo.  Might wanna take a break if unwilling to play lower difficulties. Hope things get patched soonish though.
Helldivers IS in a somewhat good state of balance (it isnt perfect of course). As many people already made you notice every time you start up the silos a new wave spawns and that probably lead to 20 bile titans roaming around. That being said it is true that this mission is quite hard especially with randoms and it needs some tweaking, although you can't just state that the game in unbalanced because of this mission type, there's plenty of other things in it. I play exclusively on D9 and it has never happend to me that 20 bile titans would spawn in any other mission type. Toxic positivity has always been a thing, but jumping to conclusions also has always beeen one. In this case i think you misjudged the state of the game all because of one bad mission (which you're right in saying it's BS).
I have solo taken out a bug breach on difficulty 7 with the arc flinger. Idk what happened but if I can actually get the gun to hit onto the head it only takes two shots to kill the bike titans. I know because I did it twice in a row.
Was the 14 and still was up agasint 3 titans and 4 chagers all at the same time
Honestly this video should have more dislikes, this is more misleading than anything and mostly skill issue. Playing mute, no coordination, spamming  the silo buttons and then constant complains complains and complains. And most of all, no apologizes in the end. He is one of those goofy railgun ragers aswell.
Goes to a bug world. Surprised when full of all the bugs 💀
W8 this is considered bad? This it's a walk in the park
Maybe stop spamming the button for the silo which spawns enemies when you're already low on ammo and dealing with the last 3 waves. Just a thought
#getgud
Game Master has an eye on you brother 😅
I'm loving the shadow nerf to the breaker incendiary. Fire does less damage, spread was reduced, and I think damage per pellet was reduced too.
Get Gud
I just don't see how this is fun at all...
befor this patch i had 11 titans at the same time 'D
You got it easy. We had that many titans and charges at level 6 difficulty.
It's extreme difficulty mode, of course it's going to be extreme. Just play the game and have fun, there are going to be even bigger bugs to beat in the future and we're going to get the hardware to deal with it as well.
Is anyone else getting pissed at the games shitty/broken matchmaking, or is it just me?
I think the main problem with the endless goddamn bile titans isn't that it's hard... it's that it makes it feel like everything you're doing is pointless. Oh, you just pulled out all the stops and took out that bile with your last orbital? Here's 3 more at the same time, screw you.  I get that overwhelming odds are part of the games appeal, but when there are threats that have only a very select few weaknesses and you're out of the tools to exploit them... What, am I just gonna sit there and shoot a bile titan with my pistol? I have no railgun ammo left, all strategems are on cooldown, and I'm staring at bile titan number 20.
i had 1 game  where it spawned 3 dozen titans ,  .   it was too  damn much
game master joel, is training us helldivers to become HELLDIVERS ,Special Forces    , and dune worms !!
You are playing difficulty 8 - impossible…. Sooo impossibly hard as advertised.
It's difficulty 8 for a reason. And just like you said (and another one of your teammates also said), you didn't even know what the silo mission was about. You can't honestly expect to be able to hot drop into an already chaotic difficulty 8 mission not knowing what to do and expect to clear it easily. The absurd amount of bile titans is a symptom of that fact. This mission wasn't designed for you to endlessly defeat all the breach spawns for eternity (which seemed to be what your team was doing). That's one of the points of diff8 and 9 missions, that you don't take every fight cause you simply (by design) don't have enough means to sustain that long and you eventually get overrun. It just so happens in this mission that you have to defend a certain area for a definite amount of time (if you plan the engage correctly, ie you clear out the silo area before activating it, and assign teammates to guard each entrance/choke instead of everyone running around in the chaos).   Could the game use a little nerf with the amount of bile spawns? It's definitely arguably healthier for the community, of which a large majority aren't sweaty gamers min-maxxing every loadout and approach to each mission. But even as a casual player, you surely can't reasonably expect to hotdrop to a mission fully blind to the objective and expect the game balance to cater to you instead of other way around. It's the player that needs to adjust to the current state. If you can't handle diff8 in this patch, then play diff7 or something else. The devs will see the numbers and will patch accordingly to what they intend for the difficulty to be. If diff9 was intended to only be completed by the sweatiest of the sweats, then so be it, if that's the goal of the devs. But you cant be complaining you can't do diff8 if you don't know the mission obj. I'm sure with mechanics like yours, you def could do diff8 if you know how the mission was supposed to be played, instead of just running around killing everything you saw.
You should be communicating in a co-op game.. it does help, and so does synergy between a team...
I think there can be some balancing done to make the experience more more fun, but I don’t want the hard difficulties to not be hard, after suicide, is helldive. It should not be anything short of anxiety inducing, if you want something more balanced you always have 5-6-7 difficulty depending on what you want, nothing is unattainable loot wise there. Supper samples spawning on difficulty 7-8 if I’m. It mistaken.
Every single patch has made the spawns and enemy balance worse. That plus the armor being even more bugged than on launch is just ugh.
It's perplexing to me that someone plays in a hard level expect it to be easy 😂 that's why the level is called impossible bro 😅
Just play a lower difficulty. Did you expect “suicide mission” and higher difficulties to be easy? Honestly they were too easy before, there was not much incentive to play the lower difficulties.   It’s a shame that the game launched with the easier higher difficulty modes because now people just like you complain they are too hard. That’s the point. They are hard.   You can’t expect to queue with randoms, have no clue how to complete a mission on the higher difficulties and expect it not to be a challenge.   The gameplay you’re looking for sits in the lower ranks.
It keep booting me out of games cos of network wtf it keeps coming up I can’t even play this game in peace the update ruined the game
I think maybe this is alright in helldive but in suicide mission might turn it down a bit
i can see that helldivers is not game for you, just drop it already. "ohh no i cant play game on highest difficult level and i cant feel like a pro ;c" BECAUSE IT SHOULD BE LIKE THIS. Highest diffuclt should be almost impossible to make. just check highest level in helldivers 1.  tl;dr babyrage skill issue
If you play with controller, you get better movement control
Games perfect, dunno why everyone moans...
Had this same thing happen on Dif7 it must be a glitch
So anytime I log in now. Doesn’t matter what I do to my diver it puts all the primary and secondary equipment to basic. Puts things like the voice and emote to random and basic respectively. Little annoying have to equip my stuff every time I try a mission
Also noting that the default weapons are glitched when you load back into the game.
Your sad callout is a joke. As everyone in the comments is rightly calling you out on, you played in a lobby of people who had no idea how the mission works. You being chief of the idiots of course made your mind up about the mission and didn't remotely consider spamming the silo buttons even after you're still getting swarmed might be what's causing the waves to keep coming. As for "ooh I'm such an angel and would NEVER lie with toxic positivity", sure. Instead you're just seeping with toxic negativity with a blatant axe to grind in all of your clickbait vids. Good job dude, top fucking quality content.
After 6, really was starting to turn bland af
helldivers ACTUALLY sucks, i cant find any videos on glitch recovery, so what happens is, i press play, the steam icon appers on the bottom right corner as usual, but then it multiplies and the game closes, THAT is why the game sux, i spent, and wasted 62 hours of my life on nothing, and 20 bucks, all for it to go down the drain bc of a glitch
Hate how spawns/ respawns of enemies are just blanketed the same on each game mode. Game modes like this should be OBJ event specific when it comes to Enemy encounters and their spawn rates. Would be nice to trigger each Silo, then comes enemy Waves which significantly increase in volume and difficulty based on Silo time remaining. Not sure why this was not the case.   Also allows players to recover, reposition and have some form of Stratagem timing play. Constant spawns like this should be kept on modes like Search and deestroy, purge etc.
All of this AND me and my friend keep crashing mid game
Why not just choose an easier difficulty?
I was playing difficultly 7 last night and the TCS missions were not hard, just really long.  Only saw 1 bile titan per silo and maybe 2 or 3 chargers at each silo. Extraction had 1 bile titan and 3 chargers. It was almost boring. Except for the hot extract. Feels lik3 they need a middle ground between  difficultly 7 and 8. The amount of Hive Guards was ridiculous however.
Love the armored core 6 background music  Edit after watching: I know everyone wants to see this as a crappy update, but did we ever think maybe this is part of the story? We are deploying pesticide across all these worlds. I think the government of super earth realized how bad the bug infestation was getting. It shows in this video, and thus the only course of action is to purge everything with poison, or glorious planetary cleansing via nuclear fire.
This was more of a sales pitch than a cry for help in my books...
do you never think any missions should end in a failure? Sometimes you just have to admit we messed up and didn't play with mechanics in mind. Yes you can't hit every shot but the complaining about not killing with the 500kg is you missing, the damage falloff is harsh but i see it as fair as you have two and you should be rewarded with high damage but not a nuke lol.
This is what lv 8 should be almost impossible and unfun soo good i love it. And yes we do expect to be perfect READ WHAT THE FOKING DIFFICULTY SAYS ABUT IT 8 SHOULD BE IMPOSSIBLE  THE GAME IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE PLAYED AT THIS DIFFICULTY PLAY LEVEL 6 NOT 8 YOU'RE NO LIFEING THIS GAME TOO MUCH FIND FRIENDS NERD NERD NERD.
@12:30 this difficulty level you are playing on is for EXACTLY those types of people. you are free to play on a lower difficulty if you feel you aren't capable. There is absolutely no reason for you to be completing missions at this high level of difficulty unless you want to. They intended the higher difficulties to be nearly impossible, hence, the name "Impossible difficulty". All of these "problems" you complain about are ALL self-imposed. sure, it WAS easier to complete these kinds of missions, but that clearly wasn't the intention.
> Makes video about too many bile titans on T 8  >complains about not having enough ammo for them all > ignores root cause of WHY they keep spawning constantly  >says game isnt in a good state…  >followed by “anyone who disagrees with my take is coping or trying to pander…  Someone on your team kept trying to activate the silos, therefor perma spawning breaches… therefore perma spawning bile titans, the point being if you get pushed off a silo you need to take time to re-group, kill off ads, and get Cooldowns ready, you’re not supposed to be able to hard brute force push this mission even after getting bumped off the main obj. I literally joined a QP lobby and did this on T9 with total randoms, we did exactly that, if we failed a silo we waited resupply, found ammo on the map, waited cooldowns then pushed it for the clear, were there a metric shit ton of bile titans? Yes. Was it manageable because we werent perma spawning them in through non stop breaches? Much more so.   Also saw 2 orbital lasers, in the stratagem screen, which is lireral throwing in this mission because the laser will track to the small bugs under the silo and absolutely demolish it, sucks but true, you can friendly fire the silos  These things i mentioned were literally apparent to me my first run on T7, and ill admit, after the successful T9 run i was guilty too of trying to brute force push the obj thinking “oh this mission is easypz” and it ended up exactly how yours turned out… too many bugs, not enough ammo, not enough stratagems… the mission is 40 minutes long for a reason, on lower difficulties with a good team you can do it in like 5 not counting extract time, but thats because you wont get pushed off the obj, that 40 min is for re-arming incase you fail a silo.  I re-watched the vid aswell, first 2 silos though maybe not done in 1 shot you had 5 titans each, manageable tbh even with a fail or two, the 3rd you had 11-13? But subsequently that was also the one that kept failing and being restated without clearing first. So more than double both prior silos on that one because it just kept getting panic activated.
had a simillar encounter.  Had to deffend a planet so I opted for a harder fight with randos for the lols.  Found a team, and was quickly swarmed with Bile - Chargers - And everything else Spawn camping the civilians.  brought the mech, and perished instantly with the rocket glitch.  that was only Extreme.. (I'm new)
LoL, you are not just bad at the game, but you also whine about it. What a wast of my time watching this video till the end!
As people have already pointed out: This is an issue with the termicide silos themselves spawning bug breaches and his teammates reactivating the silos after they fail which only spawns more enemies. Despite this, I still think it's stupid af that the devs didn't think to add a cap on the amount of bug breaches you can get on this mission... Not to mention: Most people playing aren't aware of this fact since there's nothing that tells you so unless you look it up on google (obviously, after you fail the mission due to bugs spawning WAAAAY too much.) Devs once again not using their heads...
Complain for views... Please don't turn this game into destiny 2. Nobody cares let the devs be devs otherwise get good.
Clickbaiting tosser
The dislike ratio goes to show just how uninformed your vids are and how you don't understand mechanics in this game. meanwhile theres ppl uploading how to solo this at lvl 9 difficulty.
helldivers on discord will say "looks like a skill issue, git gud, arc will one shot, i never die, hue hue hue"
"my guy vaults it automatically like a moron." who inputs the movement for your "guy"?
Shits not even fun anymore devs always ruin everything
What’s up with the resetting your loadouts voice and things like this update is annoying
For those talking about the thermicide battery spawns, this happens also in the egg destruction quest even when we don't have batteries to trigger spawns.  The spawn rates bug out at times and this happens, but seems too often to be merely an occasional bug, there's a problem that probably needs to be looked at.  I play hell diver difficulty though, so we get a whole bunch of bile spewers on top of the titans shelling us with artillery from miles away and taking out static defences. The difficulty is probably worse now than when we just kited a bunch of titans and eventually 500kg bombed them all (and in full loby of admirals, we have 2x 500kg per cycle per player as it seems a majority of people here don't know about upgrades available at high levels), or we blow up latent hell bombs.  I don't think the titan spawn rates actually dropped that much, they merely made chargers easier to deal with and added in a buncha trash mobs that are actually horrible to deal with if nobody runs arc thrower, and added in a bunch of bile spewers. Almost half of the hell diver matches now do not end with extraction, we just complete main objectives and die.
The bigger problem is that you play the Mission differently in this high difficulty. Use the whole map and only one pushes the button. Just like the escape mission with the automatons
I am just glad it's not just me. Is this fun?
WOOO "HELL"DIVING JUST AS IT SHOULD BE AHAHAHA ALL OUT HELL STOP YA COMPLAINING HELLDIVER #SkillIssue ps games fresh out of the bakery practically I mean what do we expect bro
ermz the issue is you are playing with randoms ... Playing with your old Helldivers group in discord changes everything for me. Yes its difficult ... yes its absolutly overwhelming .... yes you fail .,.. but isnt that the point? Its supposed to be a war in wich you fight till your last breath, and the game coneveys this perfectly. We are supposed to loose some wars too ... I really dont see any issues, since every mission is doable. Have you ever Played GTFO on the hardest difficulty  ?  yeah that game is fucking unfair beyond belief, but noone complains there somehow...
That is what makes this game fun..... Enjoy making crazy fun content!
yall can only complain lmao
While I would complain skill issue your playing on...Oh your playing on difficulty 8, Wait that is 8?! I was thinking you where playing on 9, its a bit too much for 8 if this was 9 It would be crazy as it should be. But 8 holy crap calm down Helldivers, if this mission was like "the bugs will throw every thing at us to stop us" Then Okay lore wise this is why they are 12+ Titants on the field but Not getting that vibe.
Devil's advocate here. What if the higher difficulty levels are meant to appeal to a very small crowd? That would certainly pose the argument of needing super samples in lower levels, but that to me is much more manageable.
dude earned the sub just off the ending part with nothing but facts and honesty. FYI, i have the skill set of one of the "Esports" and i do well. Mean while team isnt.....
Why are you people entitled to beating the highest difficulty? You don't like how many enemies there are on high difficulty? Play a lower difficulty. You people treat "difficulty" like a rewards multiplayer. Do you install Doom Eternal and complain that ultra-nightmare is "broken"?
sounds like youre just bad at the game
Did they ever fix the constant disconnecting and crashing?
so you are angry you won't win every mission you play? oh no....they made the game more challenging.....whatever shall we do
This guy’s whole opinion doesn’t matter since he went into the mission not knowing how it works. I hope he read some of the serval comments I’ve seen telling him that activating silos just spawns more enemies so you have to clear them out and restock on ammo before attempting to do it again. To put it simply, your team fucked up. At least two of you guys did the mission for the first time. This guy is complaining about something he doesn’t understand.  Just noticed this video is #7 on trending. For fucks sake it’s gonna spread misinformation about the mission.
This is absolutely nuts... these spawns are out of control. And matchmaking is still broken for me. Keep getting reset to ship when I join other players' lobbies, and players can no longer join my own lobby after 10-15 minutes have passed until I restart game.
There comes a point where we, as a community, have to call this out lol. I think the devs *want* us to say that there’s something wrong. So hopefully this video helps with that. Two or 3 Bile Titans in a mission I can live with. That’s fair, it keeps us on our toes. Hell, even up to 5 would make for an interesting experience. 20+ on one mission? There’s an issue.
"We patched the number of armored enemies"
Eagle 500 KG desperately needs some tweaking. Extend it AoE and its verticality and it won't keep missing all the time.
I just ended a T7 where I saw more special mobs than normal ones, including around 6-7 Titans. This is not normal for this difficulty
I SUMMON EIGHT FUCKING BILE TITANS!!! AND EIGHT MORE FUCKING BILE TITANS!!!
They should add a nuke launcher from starship troopers the devs play in public lobbies if you see one you should share this idea
I do agree with what you said, but only to a certain degree...higher difficulties are meant to be the hardest possible thing you can do in the game, so it definitely makes sense that you won't be able to clear the stage with a bunch of randoms, no communication and you don't even know what to do to progress the mission...let's not forget that there's people out there completing lvl 9 missions all by themself, wich it means that, with a good plan and tactics, you can "easily" complete those objetives with a well organized team...harder difficulties are just not supposed to be completed without a plan and without good teammates...it's like playing destiny and expecting to flawless clear a vault of glass with a bunch of first timers with no microphones, it just won't work...
You played a level 8 mission with absolutely no idea what you were doing, shot yourself in the foot (silo) over and over, and still almost managed a win. If that's not balanced what is?
Wow dude didn't thought your videos will be trending 👏 cause of that gonna subscribe 😉
First, understand the objective before commenting.  Jesus
Its an issue with this specific mission I think. I play it on extreme and its pointless to play at the moment because the hordes are just non stop. And thats with trying to clear them all out before re-hitting the button for the silo. My friends and I just gave up cause we all agreed its pointless to attempt in its current state. We werent dying much at all either, there's just no way to manage the amount of hordes while protecting the silo. I wont say its unbeatable, but I think 98% of people will consider it to be unbeatable, and that right there is the problem.
Well before you complain about how tough this mission is and why there are so many titans, maybe you should get a better understanding of the details of said mission. This mission requires tactics, teamwork and the right gear. It’s suppose to be swarming because you’re literally attracting every bug in the vicinity to you. Try some of the others mission and you’ll notice that they have fixed the spawn rate.
git gud
Sick and tired of this JOEL bs  And stop nerfing shit we were so happy for a minute till they ruined it
This seems to be more of an issue with the mission type itself than with recent patch imo. Many people have already pointed out that resetting the silos triggers a new bug breach each time.
Skill issue
For science, I'd recommend trying one of these missions on 7+ as a solo. The amount/difficulty of enemies spawned does seem proportional to the amount of players in the squad. I had my team all bail after the second silo (they ran out of reinforcements) so I figured what the hell, I'll try and finish the mission solo without dying - and I did, surprisingly with no real problems. No more bile titans spawned right until extraction (despite me trying to launch the final silo multiple times).
I was playing a termincide mission with some friends and we got swarmed by 8 bile titans in the first 3 minutes about 7 minutes in the were 12 bile titans we had used up our stratagem that could kill them and it was looking bad then my game crashed and apparently I took all the bile titans with me because they all just despawned for the guys still in game but when I rejoined the titans began spawning again and when we finished the mission and extracted the game crashed for everyone because of that game its become a joke that some dev really doesn't like me and my 100% win rate on helldives
People who only play on helldiver difficulty : Welcome! 😅
Lol they even screwed up the pod drop damage on bile titans. You can hit them directly with your drop pod now and you just go through them like they don't exists.
Total annihilation music in the back ground is awesome ><
The problem is, most of you have no clue how to play the game. You go in levels higher than your skill and you get carried through the content. That, and you grinded levels on exterminate missions and because of that, have no understanding of the game mechanics.  I know this is something that people don’t hear enough, but YOU ARE THE PROBLEM.
okay after looking into the mission myself you are just completely unfamiliar with game mechanics and the source of your own problems, if you keep starting the silos over and over again without thinking you are spawning all the bile titans yourself and you just aren't learning
man i wish my missions were so intense
Dartktide > Helldivers 2
Bruh this whole video and didn’t complete a mission!  Like they said if u don’t move the more enemies that come in u have to be on the move
In my opinion this is pretty well balanced. It's the hardest difficulty and it should be super hard. Just go to lower level difficulty if you don't manage or get a group with very skilled players.
Okay let’s get real he’s playing on 8   And 7 is literally called suicide mission?   And your on a level above that honestly what do you expect let’s be real bro
But bro this is fun
Here we have a railgun crybaby player. Delete the game and play your minecraft or whatever other kiddie games you play but stop talking trash here on your dead youtube channel where you make 100 subs a month with luck
This game should be hard, borderline impossible at the highest diff.
This is what happens when you grind eradication missions, you don't know fuck all how to coordinate with your team.
I think you had a bit of bad RNG luck on that one. I have been playing level 7-9 and not had a game that bad.
My biggest rage ever is the supply volting, it has and will get everybody that plays the game killed, it happens with samples as well
I don't feel like this is a skilled thing and I don't feel like it's a bad rework I think that its an ignorance problem and don't take ignorance as stupidity just because you don't know how to beat it at the moment doesn't mean it's too hard you just haven't figured it out
Prbly too many Bile Titan spawns.  But tbh, You are on the most difficult setting.  It's designed for sweaty e-sports players.  It's not for casual players.
I maxed out my character lvl 50 loads of war bonds samples all upgrades etc. I don't even help my friends do sm or above anymore enough people in my family have had to go through chemo.
Honestly, Helldive should be for the sweaty gamers, but this is ridiculous for level 7. If this was 9 I would say this was fair, but this is too much for 7.   7, imo, should be balanced so that it's the last level you can do with little to no team coordination, meaning it's still viable for PUGs.
For me difficulty 7 is the sweet spot
It seems a lot of these lvl 40 and lvl 50 players got that lvl by power leveling and mindlessly grinding the quick 10 min missions and you can tell because they KNOW NOTHING ABOUT THE GAME & how it works smh 🤦🏾 you and ppl like that are the problem bro. You’re making clear mistakes anyone actual veteran who earned their level can see by watching ur video. And plenty of ppl in the comments have already pointed alot of them out. You are getting endless spawns due to what ur doing/not doing properly and then complaining about it and it looks silly tbh 😂
Here we have a crybaby helldiver triggering a million bug breaches by activating the objective over and over again before killing everything and proceeds to cry about it
so idk if you played the first helldivers but, based on that, helldivers 2 is supposed to be hard. Even on the easiest difficulty, and its only going to get worse. if (and I'm like 90% sure they will) the devs decide to add them we are yet to meet the third enemy. that's what helldivers is, a war on three fronts that never ends. This testing fase to me at least looks like and feels like, one massive tutorial. they way they pointed out the mechs, supply lines, and pretty much got rid of any "meta" that we thought might exist. just be glad we're still in testing, things are going to go very wrong soon enough.
THEY DIDNT REDUCE SHIT
In my opinion, the best fix would be to put a spawn timer or spawn limit on titans. I would think that if the timer gets smaller the higher you go up, the better balancing would feel.
I know I'm seeing people saying "Well, if you're damaging/resetting the silo you're trying to activate, then you get more spawns, which is why you get overwhelmed," but that kind of speaks to another problem Helldivers 2 has: there's no tutorials on how to play objectives properly in the game, which is causing issues like these to happen. He said it was his first time doing a mission like this, which resulted in the massive spawn of adds.
I just started this game and wow it's so trash no direction on what to do where to go where to land I literally landing on something and was completely stuck thanks game what a waste of money this was
The update is great. You and your team here just didnt understand how the new mission works.
every patch has made the game worse. the new stuff and buffs are good.   They need to roll back to 1 week after launch, add the bug fixes, the new weapons and stuff, add the buffs to weapons. Then go from there.  Mechs were great when they were free. IDK if there worth a stratagem slot.  They want us to depend on stratagems to kill heavies. Yet they have so many planet modifiers that make that so much harder. They say they dont want us forced to using META stuff or stuff others believe is necessary. Then they tell us we need to run disposable EAT or recoilless rifle..... Also 2 teammates are to give up there backpack to reload for the recoilless rifle...  So its ok if were forced to use a specific weapon but only if its the one the developers want....
Honestly? I'd rather have this than countless bile spewers.
Stop wasting time on chargers and do the fucking mission   the fact you were EVEN ABLE to solo reload the recoiless rifle shows how much time you wasted.
They broke the game lol. They say they balanced a lot of the enemies....BISH WHERE?!? lol By all means i am no pro player but at the same time i can hold my own, even solo. Not anymore wtf have they done to us?!!!
plays on 8 "Omg game so hard"
Dean Takahashi moment...
I think we need to remember the game master system they implemented in the game is ran by either an algorithm or ai and can cause different modifiers to happen in specific matches. When we see matches with higher spawn rates than normal it is probably do to the gamemaster system behind the scenes. That why not every match have insane amounts of enemies and then sometime you can get a swarm of chargers on challenging. Honestly these matches stick out in my mind due to the pure chaos compared to a normal match on whatever difficulty im on at the time. It can use some adjustment for sure lol this was indeed quite the dive 😂
So tired of people complaining about difficulty when they fail. Here's the reality. You suck. There's a video online right now of a solo helldive for that mission. Beyond me but I have completed it on helldive w a 3 man with ease. This game is not hard. Just filled with a bunch of brain dead idiots who rather than try a new strategy or improving they resort to crying to devs to make their game easier for them specifically. Pretty pathetic in my opinion.
I personally think the spawn rates are fine, what I think ISN'T fine, is the amount of damage the bile titans can take not because they have too much health, but because their "weak points" are still debated by the community and a lot of people struggle more to find it than men struggle to find the clitoris. 2 ANTI-TANK shots to the face should kill a bile titan, doesn't matter if it hit the right part of the face, 2 shots should be a consistent kill. Or 1 shot and a 500K/airstrike.
The fact that you can take them out so easily now is an improvement. I personally don't like the balance but I play 2 player and it seems the game is tuned more for 4 players.
I don't even know if this is the patch, or just this mission. It's a shit show every time, at most difficulties above like 5
i think people are missing the point that the game is fucking hard, its meant to be, thats why theres 9 difficulty levels. this is the first game in a long time where the  playerbase isnt immediately steamrolling any mission they partake in. no, dont make the game easier, players just need to decrease their difficulty level or stop playing the game
you say this like the stun grenades that they literally just added can't stun multiple bile titans for 5 seconds, and you can 2 shot headshot them with the disposable rocket launcher?
I had the exact same experience as you - I got into the Termicide mission without any idea of what the mission objectives were, dropping in as an SOS reinforcement. We got smashed hard, and I don't think we even got the second silo activated. But my feelings were QUITE different to yours - I loved every second of it and had lots of fun. Mostly, this is me - I tend to play every game on higher difficulties and I love a challenge (I'm not that good, no - I just like the feeling of overcoming challenges, and I'm ok if I need to redo the same mission many times until I get it done.  Perhaps we do want two different games - because I get the feeling that you prefer to spend your time in a game where you feel able and powerful, and the odds aren't overwhelming. My first thought is - maybe Helldivers could be both games, just by changing the difficult level. The TCS mission is way easier in lower levels (I'm guessing you are playing on Extreme). But I think that there is a major problem here - Helldivers needs you to play on higher levels,  because otherwise you don't get precious samples, and don't see all enemy types.  So that's where I think the tweak needs to be - not nerfing the enemies or buffing our guns, but tweaking the challenge levels so that players who want a more casual experience can play on those without feeling like they *need* to play on the higher levels to experience all the game has to offer.
Your excuse at the end doesn’t make sense when you have 9 difficulty levels. Don’t like the amount of heavies in your missions? Lower the difficulty. No one is forcing you to play on it and it gives the sweaty players a fun time as well.
I dunno - all I see is difficulty 8 - I am simply not playing this difficulty because of this absurd spawnrate - I dont believe its to difficult - its just to difficult for myself like most people. And I think thats okay - if you want to just "Free farm run" Missions - lower the difficulty - I am playing on 5-6 and everything feels great.  You dont need to consitently throw yourself against the highest difficulty just because you were able to do it on a previous patch.
Dev : Hey joel, how many bile titan do you want? Joel : "Yes"
Waaah hard modes are hard, gimme a break. yeah the spawns were harsh but that's the nature of RNG
Oh gaming gods, please do not allow this amazing game to be slowly ruined by substandard updates…
Anybody else notice how the hellpods will veer off in a certain direction by itself even though your pressing another? Been wondering why it does this. I seen no modifiers or effects related to it.
Holy crap. The hardest difficulties are extremely hard. "Shocked face"
People complain too much
Skill issue or bad teams, maybe retry in more easy difficulty. People who go in difficulty 8 or 9 shouldn't have to cry about that
Honestly I think this is great to see. Can't understand people complaining that difficulties 8 and 9 of a game with 9 different difficulty settings is too difficult. It's meant to be really hard, it's why 8 is called Impossible! Those difficulties are not for the casual gamers, it's why this game is great, it caters for literally every skill level. Keep the hard difficulties HARD!
Goddamn this guy is SALTY as fuck.
Yeah, I mean, you should have a strategy for this mission to reduce the amount of spawns. Just do one silo at a time and ensure all bugs are cleared before starting up a new battery. This video is just demonstrating a strategy not suitable to approach this mission.
Grenade launcher go *thonk*
Why do people continually bitch that the hard difficulty is slightly hard? Stop being such massive pussies.
My problem with this is it's honestly difficult to really know how much of this was the result of the "balancing" in the patch, and how much was the studio being clever with social media.  The Dev team was very open about the fact that they have a team that spends their time monitoring play who will alter fate (spawn in stratagems, a nest, etc), and they know the player ID's of the people with the biggest followings/most viewed HD2 content.   There have been way too many cases of insane stuff happening to streamers / YouTubers that the rest of us plebs seem to never experience, at least not to these extremes, and when you look at these clips of gameplay keeping in mind that the studio clearly stated that they alter team & individual gameplay in real-time to add something "unique", so I now assume that a good portion of the crazier video/clips that go viral did so at least in part because the studio is playing god a bit with the most popular players to create more viral moments, keep the buzz high and along with the buzz is continued huge sales revenues.  We've had cases of Dev teams playing God before, usually to be @ssholes, to catch/punish cheats or attempting to prove a point, and I'm sure many other studios do it and we never really notice, but this is different, and while I love this game and the breath of fresh air it has brought to the industry, I fear that this is going to become standard operating procedure for all multi-player games once the other studios realize the power of fabricating viral moments now that the player community apparently doesn't seem to mind.  It will become abused, and I already feel like I can't trust some of the footage we see uploaded as a genuine typical player experience.
This dude must be one of the trash players with the level of complaining and click baiting 😂
That mission type is the only one that seems to have that many Chargers and Titans. The rest i don't see alot of em. But even on D7. We did also see alot of em. But we did find out what and how to take the mission in the first go. But the place is massive.
The key to this mission is: DO NOT SHOOT THE SILO YOURSELF. Especially not with stratagems. As soon as we realised this, the mission was way easier. We played on difficulty 8.
Weird how all this guy does now is bitch because he can't hack it mean while Spiked is doing level 9 solos with ease. Maybe play something else bro. At the very least it's obvious you're not as good as you think you are and shouldn't be playing on these difficulties that are clearly meant to be very hard or almost impossible lol stop blaming the developers for it 🤣
Level 50 using gatling sentry is wild, wtf are u doing?
I think there's a big difference between LOL GIT GOOD NOOB and dude your actively making the situation worse maybe before you go on YouTube and make a rant video of how broken the game is you take a look at what you're doing to cause it.
Looks like a whole lot of fun
Dang 50% downvotes holy shit
the rocket glitch is not a glitch.  DONT TURN YOUR MECH WHEN FIRING ROCKETS IT WILL MAKE YOU HIT YOURSELF.
u got 21 titans, on 8 difficulty, ask yourself why (and btw. im not a tryhard player) activating those silos starts bug breaches, u got 2 sillos with 9 titans and after that, your team activating the 3rd without clearing the waves that are spawned before, the whole time im watching u fighting the bugs,  trying to clear the whole waves, and your mates just activating the silo again, and again and again, and so u got to 21 titans congrats 👍   theres no meta in this game, but im not wondering why your team have such problems to clear the titans one after another, there 2 orbital lasers that need 5 min for cooldown and got only 3 uses (Orbital Railcannon got 3:30 and u can use it unlimited) there only 2 mechs, and 1 recoilles rifle with an autocannon  in my eyes, its not a game or spawn problem, its a ressource problem, u got not enough ressources to clear em fast enough, so ure fighting em endless, after activating the silos again and again and again  i rly dont understand why u re crying about the game the whole time? its only 4 weeks old actually i dont understand why you are still playing it if its sooooo bad, just stop playing it at all the devs are trying their best to build a good game, some other companies like blizzard or ea are just shitting on their community, they need months to balance things, they need months to patch things etc maybe its not easy, i agree, but difficulty 7-9 is not difficulty 5,  there´s a reason why its called helldive called helldive maybe u re praising the new patch with the one shoot chargers but not me, the railgun was nerfed but after that people created new ways  to defeat chargers, new playstyles with the buffed weapons,  i agree the spawnrate of chargers and titans were too much, but now its a lot better
The game is fixed The fix:
I have same problem last night, my team meet 19 Bile Titans and countless Charger on silo mission. We were obliterate and fail the mission. Perhaps Dev was lie about patch that reduce Titan spawn instead it increase spawn rate when your fail to finish objective in time.
Dude did nothing but complain about what looked like quite possibly the most fun looking game ive ever seen in my entire life and then had the audacity to say that OTHERS were coping while actually enjoying the game.  seriously, that looked crazy fun and all you did was complain, like what?
Having been doing level 8 missions yesterday, this video is such click bait bullshit.    Level 8 isn't that bad. Those new mission types do spawn a few bile titans, but if you play the mission correctly and move silo to silo and defend them, maybe you come across 5 to 6 bile titans during the missions  Maybe learn the missions and play them and stop complaining so much. This game isn't perfect, but you posts come across like a child complaining about the game and not even sure you know what your doing.
I can’t wait to see just “oh yeah fyi, Joel’s been fucking with the spawn rates this entire time cause he likes watching the videos” on Twitter or something like that one day. I can’t wait to see how everyone’s gonna react to higher difficulty spikes.
I’m guessing this is what I call “calling in overlapping waves.” The new mission has a unique built in mechanic, when you start the battery defend sequence it calls in an attack wave. An attack wave which doesn’t end even if you fail. If someone hits the button again (or starts another defend elsewhere) you suddenly have TWO incoming assault waves. There’s no limit to this either; a friend of mine and I managed to get no less then 17 titans on screen at once by running around and activating the buttons constantly. The game crashed before we could get more, probably from the literal hundreds of chaff enemies running around.   I’ve not seen this happen on other mission types personally. Just the new one. Wouldn’t surprise me if it was though.
This seems to be mostly an issue with how the game communicates its rules to players. The video clearly shows players not understating what triggers what and it's the same problem with players not understanding that they need to complete a set of missions to advance the liberation of a planet and many players end their sessions after don't just one thus failing to push their personal and the campaign progress. The game should communicate way better that reactivating the terminal spawns breaches so players don't try to restart it when there are still bugs around and that the silos take friendly fire damage. This is not an issue with how hard the mission is, but how hard players make it for themselves and they do that because they were not informed well enough. This also points to the fact that this video criticizes the game without understanding how it works and while it does deserve the criticism in some areas, this one is not one of them. Next time i recommend more humility.
22 hours ago 😮
Railgun was the only way to deal with them
when are we going to talk about the amount of hunters? beacuse iv been getting swarmed by 6-7 hunters id rather deal with 5 charges then 6-7 hunters.
so they finally fixed the hp/ damage difference between ps5 and pc?
Shit patch
Honestly not that bad...
The Total Annihilation music at 11:28 hit me with nostalgia
This feels like some AI slandering tbh. I don't think the video game giants like Helldivers considering this got to trending.
Mission knowledge.  I bet many comments have already explained by now, so please do not make a video about the post patch experience with a mission you've never played and is kinda critical to the performace and frustration in the video.     HOWEVER: Explaining what to do and what not to do aswell as how this mission works IN THE FIRST PLACE, would've been nice, similar to how Rainbow Six Siege release gameplay tutorials on the mechanics of a new character/operator.   But you, making a video where youre doing a new mission type you lack ANY knowledge of, get frustrated about it while playing on max difficulty only to use it as an argument for hoe bad the patch is, is downright bad, 'head through the wall' research, makes you look like the average meta complainer which is beneath your level already since you've shown that you already do research about weapons in other videos.  Do your research first, do not nosedive into things.
Maybe the higher difficulties are supposed to be bullshit? Not to dick ride, i have like 8 hours in this game. But just play a few difficulties lower? But then again its not like i know anything about game balancing.
looks fun :) still winning
Try my loadout: rover, railcannon, 110 rocket pods, eat. I dedicate myself to killing the bigger stuff. Rover helps me kill the little things.
I really can't understand the people that nag that the game is difficult, in the HIGHEST difficulty. I mean what did you expect? You'll see... they will make it easier and then other people (or the same ones most probably), will nag that the game is not difficult enough. There are 9 difficulties, no one is gonna mock you if you play on 7 you know... You still get the uranium and you play on a difficulty that you find fun. Leave 8 and 9 for tryharders, you are not losing any content...
you cannot base those assumptions off a single match.  I have been disappointed with this mish type for diff 9 as it is one of the simplest ones.  running like headless chickens will most definitely cause what we just witnessed.  i heard that there are some nice guides on reddit to help out with this mish. from over 20 runs in this mission type on diff 9 i can tell you without a doubt that this is the easiest of them all, and you will see that too after a few more.
Unless I'm missing something this video is clickbait. All you do is olay the game but you don't say what's "Wrong" with it nor how its worse than before. I turned it off after 3 mins
I don't think you're skills are weak what you are saying makes sense but war is Messy and complicated that's what makes the wins feel impactful just imagine how malevolent Creek is so i don't blame arrowhead either for the changes and people will always find new ways and adapt like your two step bomb and headshot to take down a literal titan i say keep fighting brave helldiver for DEMOCRACY and wait for new war toys i mean weapons to be sent to the front lines💪
I’ve never created or just randomly been sent back to the ship more in my life.
on D9  there will always be several charger and bile titan nearby to beeline to your turret and destroy it the moment it drops
I am not sure what youa re complaining about.  Your team was basically clearing the Difficulty named "IMPOSSIBLE" This is one of the stupidest takes of all time...
wait a terminids which are seen as a bug swarm are spawning to quickly for you... a bug SWARM is coming at you too fast? dude sounds like you got a skill issue rather than the game being an issue.
This song reminds me of you https://youtu.be/0eXIOK2vOhM
Seems this game is everything i hoped anthem wouldve been. Rip anthem. So much wasted potential. Ive been watching this game for about a week. Thinking of getting it on steam for my wife and i. Would you highly recommend it? Short and long term?
I just played again tonight and it wasnt this crazy. There is no set amount of spawns, theyre random and they should be. If every mission was that, then yes, you'd have a point. War isnt manageable, especially by 4 man squads, having the game occasionally spawn in an unholy amount of enemies that far surpasses the levels difficulty just increases authenticity in my opinion. Always remember, the enemy gets a vote too
You nearly won first try while not knowing the objective or expecting the new amount of enemies.
The like dislike ratio says it all. This is not a condemnation of your skills but if the game is too hard on the highest difficulty, there are literally 8 other difficulties to give a shot. Also disliked the video myself. Terminids are so easy to deal with, I wonder what you would think about going full on against automatons.
"guys we reduced heavy spawns"
Nice and fresh yet false opinion! You’re assigned Democracy Officer will be with you shortly
Had the exact same problem but with a much worse loadout...First time on that mission with randoms but I had the Patriot and a flamethrower, with Scorcher and only the orbital Railcannon for heavyes... In the end we kind of managed because at the last silo we only eradicated the chaff and left 2 titans roaming around while we hid, waiting for the reinforcements to cool off and in the last stretch we just gave all we had...but yeah, probably 20 or so Bile titans and around 4 or 5 chargers I counted in the whole mission. Sooo...who at Arrowhead put that 0 AFTER the spawn numbers?
What I've learned in my time on these missions - don't spam the silo button. Wait to press until you've managed the current enemies, as when the button is active, spawns ramp up huge. For every failed press and repress of the button without clearing the bugs, you're getting more and more spawn waves of bugs on top of each other.
I understand what you're saying. But I don't think it's fair to complain when you didn't even know what you were supposed to be doing in the map. And this isn't a 'git gud' comment. I know I'm not good at this game, but the idea that the hardest levels shouldn't feel insanely hard is a weird take for me
Why are you camplaining of the difficulty ? It is supposed to be !
Since the update, I've had multiple bug breaches spawn multiple bile titans. I think the most from a single breach was five bile titans.
The supply drop vaulting is definitely a thing. Seriously, just let me pick up the fucking ammo - I am not trying to climb on top of the resupply, obviously.
Arrowhead played us like a damn fiddle!  Edit: We had 46 Titans on our mission on Helldive difficulty and 7 more spawning near by the Evac zone. If they say this is a skill issue that is just absurd and ridiculous like being positive is one thing but having the facts and truth slapped in the face is another.
ty for this!
This mission is a 40min long mission and every time you activate a silo you trigger a wave. There is 0 reason to activate them back to back while you are still mid combat. You play at difficulty 8 while also you state multiple times during the mission that you do not understand what the mission is. Here's Your problem. Learn what the mission is, take Your time instead of rushing and making things even harder for Yourself and communicate with the team.
Eh they don't want toxicity in community. And then they say: ,, Skill issue" you suck. And done some questionable solutions in game balance. AND MOST dev protectors say the same thing: you suck. Ok hunter just jumped from nowhere and kill me when i had more than half HP just because ja 'now it's head shot. And guns that in my opinion is fun can't do shit to somehow heavily armoured enemies. Before first update i was running solo 4 difficulty and i thought when i will open more powerful stratagems i probably solo 5 or even 6 difficulty(i was scared because of titans). Now i still on 4 difficulty and it's stupidly harder than before. When i go to 5 i get killed because of stuns and headshots. Helldivers are almost my first shooter game and i thought that: yes that's it I am getting better at the game i now can easily run through every single mission on lower difficulty's. And then game say no you suck get one shouted lol lmao.
I played the mission to test just on hard difficulty. I quickly learned this is a high teamwork based mission. Need to cover all spawns because as long as the bar fills up for the batteries the spawns do not stop. It was insane.
This video is nothing but rage bait and doom and gloom. You have very little understanding of what the mission type is and why so many heavies kept spawning. It being a new mission type and all.  You need to really think before you post videos like this cause its as much toxic negativity as it could be toxic positivity.  For all who see this video pay attention to the top right of the screen. You can see that this team is not utilizing any teamwork, communication or really any defense tactics and the objective to defend the silos keeps resetting.  I’ll give it to you that this is your first time doing this mission and due to the nature of the game not telling you how stuff runs it’s natural on your first play through to get absolutely decimated.  But upon learning that everytime your team presses the silo button, it initiates a NEW set of bug breaches that have a predetermined spawn set, it gets easier to handle. Sometimes you’ll get bile spewers/nursing spewers and chargers with a bile titan thrown in there. Sometimes you’ll get low chaff but nothing but heavies.  But the key here is that your own teams weapons and stratagems damage the Silo the same if not worse than the terminids. So when theres a bile titan and you throw a 500kg bomb RIGHT next to the silo it resets the silo. Then you push the button and bam you just started ANOTHER set of bug breaches and you easily get overwhelmed.  I play on 8 and 9 religiously and i tell you once i share all this info with my team through comms the missions get exponentially easier to handle. Especially cause my teams know to clear the spawns BEFORE resetting the silo.  Stop posting videos like this, it does nothing but hurt the game and make you look dumb.
I see your problem but the reason why there are so many bio Titans is because you didn't rely on your stratagems lol. Devs please fix the spun rates I beg of you
Tbf it is a difficultly 8 defense mission. You basically need anti tank + orbital rail cannon+ 500kg/orbital laser. If you hope to survive.
That mission type pulls in bugs like non-other. Those silos trigger bug breaches. So the mission type is a-ok.
The main reason you had to fight so many titants etc. was because somebody spammed the button before clearing the first bug breach. Every button press spawned a new wave of bug breaches.
Technically I think it is as it should be.. I mean, thats the whole point of tackling with the SWARM.. its a.. SWARM :D But all that aside, they should give us better weapons to deal with it, but I think this is how the terminids should feel like.. Unending and unforgiving
Developers: "we've fixed the game"   Developers 5 minutes later: "maybe not"
There really wasn't a skill issue, but the question is more what are you looking for. I personally don't see anything wrong with the mission you just ran. Helldivers is supposed to be fighting against overwhelming odds to complete the mission. Everything you faced was killable, as evidenced by you killing most of it. You're going to need to perfect your loadouts and learn what the mission was and you'll have a better time next time
So let me get this straight.  The game gets harder the higher level you choose? Crazy.  Yall wanting to be champions and not die on the hardest difficulty is rediculous.  Life hack.  If its too hard make it easier.
Ok, can someone please explain to me how this is an issue tho? Im not even trying to be ignorant here but your playing the second hardest difficulty here and your 2 shoting these guys with ease. For the most part and dont even have communication with your team, your doing really well! To me complaining about this feels like complaining about too many bulldozers in high difficulty payday 2. Like, this isint supposed to be easy.  Edit: i take back the 1-2 shoting comment
My big issue is seeing Bile Titans randomly appear on the map when you're looking in a certain direction. They literally fucking materialize out of no where sometimes.
I need the fuckin guard dogs to stop shooting the back of my head
People being spread out spawns more patrols.  Using reinforce also quickens the next patrol spawns.  Some people posted neat research about them on the subreddit. Think the title had something about patrols specifically.
Wonder how usless the new weapons gonna be :-D
What if... Helldive 9 is only for the top 1% players that are also the best team players and also have the best stratagem synergy?   would that be fair?
U did great bro! Tho we gotta give them some slack! The devs are doing absurd job at this game! Think what competitors do with their games and then think back at arrowhead whom are releasing fixes every 2-3 days for a month! For sure the game has issues but we should take a breath and try to enjoy the game while they fix all the issues that pops after each update 😂😂
Please blow this vid up with comments and likes. This is only one small part in this latest patch. I'm an avid Helldiver that used to run the hardest diff and I just don't see the point anymore. I played for the challenge, but this is just stupid
Minefield,  sentry, choice weapon,  choice AOE orbital/eagle,  Ive been rolling incendiary minefield, gatlin sentry, EAT, orbital airstrike
When you don't know what to do, your team is not properly equiped for the mission and everyone just runs around like crazy. This mission is way too hard, not like anything else, but it's manageable once you get the gist of it.
This is for that mission type alone. This mission is way too hard. But given it's a one time special mission, it may not be that bad. Also, YOU GUYS GOT NO BLOODY IDEA ON WHAT TO DO FOR THE MISSION. If you did, you could probably finish it.
9:14 something like pelican air support could be a cool stratagem, love the pelican
All I see is people constantly restarting the objective without having cleared properly and apparently no one is carrying chaff clear. GL and MG/ Stalwart are actually very useful now, even on harder diff. Also you run Recoilles but have no reloader. In that circumstance you are better off using EAT.
Blind guy here  If i can solo a level 8 mission so can you.
you need more than revert the game to its launch state if you want to solve this. I don't know you but what I want is Helldivers 1 in 3rd person shooter, the real Helldivers 1 with all its features and systems and balance, not starship trooper X terminator.
Helldivers 2 was NEVER in a good state of balance. Not ever since launch. don't know what you dream of but that is the fact. It is time you guys wake up.
so basically, the game should be easy enough for a team of 4 randoms to play a mission for the first time and nail lvl 9 with no issues at all?
>Difficulty 9 with randoms This is actually and legitimately a skill issue. Bump the difficulty down and get the missions done, nobody is watching over your shoulder saying you're not a big boy because of the funny number on the top right.
So first thing first I watched the entire video so I'm going to play both sides. I will agree with you that you shouldn't have to play like an E-sports player in order to do the mission. However, there is a mechanic to this mission (which has been stated a ton of times and I'm sure you know this by the time I'm typing this) every time a wave takes out a silo you're defending and you reactivate it, a new wave spawns. So essentially the lack of knowledge (which he did state numerous times) was the downfall of this particular mission.   THAT BEING SAID, a mechanic that allows X number of titans to spawn per round OR per minute OR at one time would be a useful quality of life change. BUT THEN AGAIN (I did say I'll pay both sides) LEVEL 9 HELLDIVE SHOULD BE THIS (what's in this video). If someone doesn't rage quit during one of the 3 missions, it's not hard enough...... There are 8 other difficulties to let the "non-esports non min maxing causal Andys" play on. Us Skull Admirals are still laughing all the way to the Pelican on level 9....
Since when did helldivers have such a Doomsayer underbelly?
these balance issues have been there since day 1. as long as you start a solo mission you can see all these problems here and there, but you team players have more guns to iron the problem so it did not seem to be a concern. well now you have it. As I told you, the game's balance is bad. And in case you don't know, Helldivers is always about mission and objectives, so it is actually normal that enemies keep coming after the scout spotted you. The action you should do is to learn you objective and do it and leave the area asap. not staying around because it will sure have endless waves of enemies. low level mistakes of Helldivers 1 players.
Seems like u had a fun time 😂
"We don't want players to rely so much on stratagems." "We want players to be better at using their stratagems."  The best way to succeed on Silo missions, trust me on this, is to take the Tesla Tower, the EMS Mortar and the Autocannon Sentry. The Autocannon Sentry has Heavy Armor piercing and it legitimately deletes bile titans while the tesla towers will lock down the area around the silo without damaging it. Their cooldown is so small you'll get your sentries back up by the time you get to the next silo. As your last stratagem, I recommend the Exosuit in case you get the mythical 7 bile titans in a row.
Yeah this was a skill issue. The group should not trigger the silos repeatedly without clearing first.
id really love to see mr "im level 50 elitist guy with 500 hours in game and those screen shots of people with 5 bile titans are all bs" respond to this. man wrote a college essay with admittedly some good info but then wanted to go and call out people posting pics of waves of bile titans etc and said theyre fake or they blatantly kited them around to get those screen shots. like dude no one is saying this game is bad. people are just calling out some issues with the game. so sick of seeing all the meat riders in this community wanting to spout nonsense about how its a skill issue etc. like bro how much proof do you need?? this is just straight up not fun period. elite style enemies shouldnt become common spawns. this isnt diablo. we dont wipe the screen with a meteor and keep moving around at lightning speed. like open your eyes people. and then they want to go and compare this difficulty to dark souls like dont even. dark souls in like 99% of scenarios is balanced or tipped in the favor of a player with knowledge. and when it wasnt it got called out. souls vets remember the bed of chaos from back in the day. so quit comparing what actual difficulty and overcoming challenge is to artificial difficulty like this.
There's almost a Bile Titan spawning in every minute it seems....
Like many others have said, this likely is technically a skill issue, but also a sign of a general issue in the game: Lack of communicating how stuff works.  Pressing the start button spawns breaches, and the silos die really easily, especially to friendly fire. You absolutely need to clear all the bugs before you press the button again if you fail, and you feasibly could be getting tons of bile titans and chargers by spamming the button in an impossible situation. However, the game REALLY should communicate this better, or better yet, just add a cooldown to the button to force some bug-clearing time between the presses.   In any case, the game can be quite swingy regardless.
Finally, a YouTuber that plays the same game... Every other channel is about how the last update is the best thing evah, git gud scrub lol, lower difficulty.
what do u mean the breaker incendiary isnt good for bufgs its clearly the goat at bugs rarely fail with it
No Hate, but it seems you guys try to hard, activate all towers at once, kite remaining, just do some tesla towers on the remaining and run around, the game has a limited amount of possible bugs spawning, if you kite them around the map it is way to easy to do this quest.. you just need to stop launch everything on them since they respawn instantly anyways.
Yep this mission spawns a fucking lot of bile titans, was playing difficult 6 and wtf ??? 4 titans(at once) ????
I’m sorry but I’m just so happy I’m not the only one experiencing all this BS I probably sound like a whiny grown man on the mic in game to my team😂but damn  Understan😂
Bit dramatic
I guess the spawnrates work with % no? So If you are unlucky and are one of the 1/20 or so missions i can see this still happening, and lets be honest unless you have fought for 35 minutes already and are at the beginning of a mission, getting stomped by 6 titans can be fun.
I play on suicide and honestly the first time it was really bad, because we kept spamming the silos. Spawning more waves. The trick is to clear out and when everyone is ready start the silo. It's one of those missions where you cant just rush and it shows here honestly. When we did it correctly I think we had to take one 1 Titan for each silo. Not that bad imo. Just stop spam activating the silo.
Hey bile titan!Deez nuts on your chin!😂😂😂
it be like that some times, i like my back against the wall, thats when the real  fight starts.
I HATE Hunters! They are the most annoying bugs,together with theyr red bigger cousins🤬
All this complaining is wild to me. The game has 9 (NINE) different difficulty levels. If a difficulty is too much for you just drop the difficulty. Since when does it make sense to cry about the HARDEST difficulty in a game being too hard? That's kind of the point.
The Dev did a sprint in a marathon race for this game.  It's only going to get worse. But no worries, Warbond and skins are being churn out like butter.
this is exactly what I been talking about, people love the game but hate any criticism towards it. having chargers after chargers coming out of a sink hole plus patrol than ending up with 8 and more on screen isn't fun, if anything it makes the difficulty design rather cheap and lazy. the devs were like "let's throw everything at them" who wants to play a 40 minute game of only dodging and kitting enemies in the higher difficulties? I'm in love with hd2 but the game balancing needs a lot of work, also I don't understand the weapon nerfs when the primary weapons already feel underwhelming and with short mags
Hate when people moan it’s too hard yet you can drop your difficulty level. Also difficulty 8 is called “impossible”   I’m sure the game master can artificially increase the difficulty and they probably do to prevent the community completing the major order and planet liberation too fast.
This is war. Not every battle can be won.
Maby yor not ment to win ,maby you are ment to loos after all its a pve game in an galactic war and it wuld be an awesome if the story made you feel like you are overcoming an unbeatable enemy
get good
If you played one mission on challenging level, for example, just so you understand what you're to do here.. different story.  Also, lvl 8 of 9, you can't expect to complete end game missions with you being solo carry (AND without knowing objectives) 🤷🏼‍♂️
Like so many others are pointing out its the mission type, if you played a normal mission you would not be seeing 20 bile titans, the silos have mechanics that you should probably learn before saying the game is broken.
I swear this new update made bile titan's and bile spewers super sneaky. The amount of time I get a ally violated by both coming from behind my helldiver is too many to count
Done yesterday 4 Diff 9 Missions and we run through like its nothing. The new update made it realy easy. Struggling with Chargers? Use a Arcthrower and aim for head and see how fast he goes sleeping. Struggling with Bile titans? Use a Orbital Railcanon and the Autocanon Turret(Arcthrower works good too)Struggling defending the Silos? Use a Tesla tower and EMP Turret. I mean its so easy people just need to understand when and how to use their strategems. If everyone toss them around like its a Granade then sure it gets hard but if you know what you are doing its just a Run and Gun thing.
Just so you know a Recoilless Rifel doenst shoot Rockets
bro forgot that there's difficulty settings
The worst part of this mission for me was the god damn bile spewers. I swear a good 40 of them spawned in the span of 5 minutes and with all of them launching their ass mortars at the silos I don't know how to keep it safe without getting unstable and having to restart
I will admit that the RNG can sometimes screw you over and I've had cases similar to yours on exterminations (at least before the update). But that's been the case since launch, so I don't see how "the devs need to turn back to how the game was on launch" would help, if anything, so far I've been pretty lucky with my RNGesus since the update. But wait, we can clearly see an undemocratic amount of Titan spawn right? Ye well, you're doing a mission which spawns endless waves of Terminids whenever you activate the objective. Your team did 2 of the 3 silos in 5 minutes, and then proceeded to activate the 3rd one a few times while not taking the time to clear everything. That mission was literally designed to have high spawn rate when you activate the objective. Although I do agree you guys got especially unlucky with the spawns and I think the devs could try and make difficulty a bit more consistent yet.  That being said the devs have also said that difficulty 7+ should feel hard and again, you're literally doing a mission which objective triggers endless breaches whenever you activate it, so while I can agree the RNG was still cooked for you in this mission, it's also a bit off the mark to just generalize as "game's f'ed" (if you'll pardon my paraphrasing). And if you do mean it, well, the talk of game difficulty isn't new, just take a look at any fromsoft soulsborne release really, and on that front, while I think there's merit to saying the RNG can suck in Helldivers 2, as I've already agreed with it in this comment, and I do agree not everyone expect the same out of their game, I also want to side with the devs in making a game experience they want and not just make the game so easy anyone can clear level 9 difficulty and honestly I've been in plenty of groups that clear it anyway so I'm somewhat fine with it, again, shit RNG can suck still. And if they want to make this mission easier, fine by me too, but there's some nuances compared to what you said. That last bit is my opinion and to each their own, just don't generalize either while saying "we're simply after drastically different thing" as if we can only either agree with you or think the game is in a good state, just from one extremely unlucky mission. I think some improvement can be had but I also don't agree it's as bad as you make it sound.
this mission is easy if the whole team uses 3 sentries each, we where playing on helldive and completed almost every silo attempt with minimum casualties
That looked like so much fun. You guys did great. Man i wish you guys got the dub. Should have deff been a win long before the rage quit
You guys keep spawning wave of bugs and complain about the spawn rate?
im absolutely getting swarmed by hunters like there are so many that i cant even run from them, i cant dive away from them, cant run away from them because the hit me no matter what i do.
Yeesh. It did get worse. Especially from what the devs claimed would change from last patch
Dislikes are comming from butthurt casual dad bods . The truth hurts !
I only play with 1 person on helldive, and we always AT LEAST 4 star every mission. I think people get overwhelmed with the amount of enemies and throw strategy out the window.
High level missions are not fun - sadly. I just need 2 rare samples for a ship update. Seems like I will not get them.
I completely agree with you. If anyone thinks this game is fair and balanced now then they’re just a sweaty dark souls player and promote a higher difficulty to ruin it for everyone else who aren’t looking to brag about how good they are at the game and post how “skilled” they are on twitter. If the devs don’t fix the difficulty they’re going to see people leave and they’re going to to have to deal with that.
The game has 9 difficulties, that should be enough to cover from relaxed from to straight up hell itself.   ''Do we really expect people to play at sweaty esports levels in public games?'' You should not balance the game on fucking public games for anything past the midway difficulty in the game, and you're on difficulty 8. There is plenty of tweaking left done in the game and plenty of reason to have talks about what is fair or unfair difficulty. But what is the point of having 9 difficulties if you go in with the expectation of doing the highest difficulties with randoms.
I dont know, im doing Lv9 just fine ~
All I can say is sucks to suck.
Its not a glitch its just bad coding for the weapon do not fire a rocket while turning right it blows you up. The walkers rocket arm really needs to have less of that movement effect to keep that from happening
There is a bug where you can press the activation button on a battery that is finished and it spawns bug breaches. Someone on your team or you was doing that. Don't do that just for views.
This is 100% skill issue my guy.  You have no idea how the mission you’re on works and you admit that in this video. Everytime you fail a silo and hit the button it spawns more enemies. Also reallly a Gatling gun on lvl 8 lmao.  Tesla tower and ems motor and a little team coordination is all it takes
Damn higher difficulties aint playing...playing a new mission type on thst difficulty very ballsy
"I didn't read the mission statement or look at my map and just mindlessly shot bugs and we failed the mission" you even said so yourself, I am certain that it's not the game and you just made it hard for yourself and then complained, this is like watching someone not know how to use a door with "push" written on it and then say it's a shitty door, nice clickbait
Just use a rail gun it will stagger the Bile.... oh wait. On a more serious note Higher Difficulty is about kiting biles, gimp them by breaking their sacks. I have only ever seen 3 spawn at once. Also, there is a max on enemies, it is a lot, but if you have a bunch of big bads the max goes down. Spawns aren't broken your management of them is. Have everyone scatter, then have one person come back and do the objective. This is not an escort mission, you do not have to clear a wave to give your charges some breathing room to make it to evac. Enemies do aggro, they would rather hunt you down to keep fighting then suicide the silo.
“One shot head shot meta for chargers”
The only issue with this video is exactly what you have said. You don't know the premise of this mission. If your teammates whould stop spamming the button, then 20 bile titans would have never spawned. Other than that, nice kills bro :D
Who ever would have thought that on the highest difficulty there would be lots of the hardest enemy?!🤷🏻‍♂️ Especially now there are such powerful assets like mechs in the game! Crazy that!
ive stopped playing until they figure out what the fuck they are doing with this game, sick of re learning how to play every few weeks
maybe, they want you on the playstation network, helldiver
I wish they would play test game modes prior to forcing it into the playlist.
Skill issues..... u got trough it quite well even when it was close calls. Thats looked intens and fun
Litterally just field one or 2 EMS mortars for the new missions why is everybody crying about it
I don't know how to feel about the new update to spawn rates, some missions are exactly like this and some are a walk in the Hunter filled park.  Either way I love that the AT call ins are FINALLY getting some love <3   Looking forward to the next vid  Subbed
Key points of the video 00:00 🎥 Initial impressions didn't capture the gravity of the new update 02:15 🤯 Overwhelming experience in a Termicide Mission at difficulty 8 04:50 💣 Constant battle against multiple B Titans and Chargers 07:30 ⚔ Out of ammo, struggling to survive against endless enemies 10:20 🚀 Desperate attempt to take down Titans with limited resources 13:45 😱 Over 20 B Titans and countless charges, unbalanced spawn rate 17:10 🎮 Game needs to revert back to its original balanced state Summarized by @NoteGPT
Aspects of your review that I agree with: 1. The enemies being buffed, while stratagems and weapons being nerfed and or ineffective is annoying as all heck. Especially when you consider that none of the enemy changes were mentioned. We discovered them by playing. 2. The mission is not explained at all. You are told to activate the tower, but not how. Therefore, if you have never done this mission before, confusing doesn't even begin to cover it.  Aspect(s) I have issues with: 1. You go on a high difficulty mission, not knowing what the objectives are, and you complain that it is hard. It would have been better if you played this mission on difficulty 1-3 and learn the actual mission. 2. Nobody is talking about ESports level of skill, but difficulties are called Suicidal, Helldive etc. for a reason. They are meant to pose a considerable challenge.   Some info on the mission that may be helpful: The premise is that you activate a pesticide (sort of) to pacify the bugs on the given planet. In simple terms you are imprisoning them. I wonder why the bugs, or any other species of anything would throw everything they can at you to prevent that. (Sarcasm). As with other missions, types of enemies are locked behind difficulty levels. Example: You don't see Chargers on Easy.  The biggest problem with this playthrough is that the host quit and that kicked all of you out. Yes it was getting absolutely nuts, but you were managing. I have little doubt that you would have completed the mission - maybe not extracted - but still completed the objectives and received XP, if the game didn't abruptly end. If the game had crashed, OK we can't control that and unfortunately, it is a known issue. When somebody straight up quits willingly, after all that sweat and hard work, that is just messed up.   All that being said, I enjoyed watching the video and hope the experience doesn't discourage you from the game.
Preparation! Don’t rush the mission
the game sucks. ya feel like a weak bitch getting overrun. every gun sucks. Running is incentivized. But those balances can be worked out. I wish someone would address the countless bugs/ glitches the game is riddled with
They said titans and charger spawns would be reduced but I see more of them now!!🤬
Lore time:  Bile titans are much more common than chargers, actually. And they still considered "Medium size"  Anyway looks fun af
bruh... the whole fkn point of having multiple difficulties - is for you to stay at the one u can handle... maybe u shouldnt be playin that high of a difficulty if u can't handle it? :D   LVL8-9 are clearly meant for pure CHAOS. I see no issue with such amount of large mobs. Afterall this is exactly what the highest difficulties should be like.  Also, as one of the people who felt like lvl 8-9 were WAAAAAY too easy before - this is a nice change to finally have some challenge completing em...
The point is, you are not supposed to be able to play the harder difficulty, if you cant handle the difficulty you are on, then chose a lower difficulty. Its not very hard to understand, you don't nerf the enemies when people are not good enough for the game, you allow them to choose a easier difficulty. The hardest difficulties are supposed to be all but impossible.
Ok so it would seem that there is an exponential curve  of spawns when difficulty hits 7 to 9 because i agree that was way too much  I felt like however the silver lining here is how much good play was being demonstrated in this video like that was what 10 plus minuyes worth of nonstop fighting     I think the weapons are generally where players want them to be however we have to asl ourselves the questions of heavies and their role in missions    Should they be milestone units where you kill enough chaff you have a heavy or should it be a dice roll still heavily geared towards medium armored units as you go up in difficulty    Also another question really is down to arrowhead on whether they wanted us to have foghts then calm then fight again or do they want this nonstop reinforcmeent loop to keep happening
i mean, you're on the second highest difficulty, shouldn't it be complete chaos? This seems pretty appropriate. some of the strategems do need buffs tho
I mean there's just not enough firepower to do this... Even considering special weapons the stratagem cooldowns are just too long to handle so many heavy units. Understand the game is supposed to be a challenge but jeeze come on.. There's a fine line between making a game challenging or just plain frustrating.
i just switched to fighting the auto instead every match vs bugs is that dam mission and u get no epic samples its a waste of time
this is insane lolololol The point of Live Service games is to make you grind and stay playing lol
One of the things I hate the most is how hard it is to get back up from the f*cking floor after jumping to escape from a swarm or charger attack. I swear I pressed (O) more than 5 times just to get up
https://youtu.be/g6adlSVl_Dk?si=ViW5pmawcD4fZOcq
I had a similar TCS(?) mission on 7 yesterday. With a less skilled team than yours and bad equipment that I wanted to test we didn't stand a chance against the masses if chargers and titans. So we quit way earlier 😅 how is this supposed to work with randoms?
smoke strikes and smoke bombs are wayyyyyyyyy more useful on this mission, trust
It’s not like the bots are any easier either. Since railguns don’t do anything you need recoiled rifles to have a hope at killing them. And while you’re reloading, rocket devastators, cannon turrets, and tanks snipers you through 100m of fog. Instead of balancing by making this worse, balance by making others better.
This game was good when it launched but between the idiots who use up all the reinforcemenrs in minutes and the 25 titans in one round... i am sone for now
After the recent updates, I changed my setup to use slugger now which is actually way better for terminids than breaker incendiary imo.
Hopefully dev don't listen to weakling like you, or the game will end with 0 armored ennemies and 2 titan at HL.  Yeah the game have some problems especialy with those Hunters who spawn by grapes of 50 and can 2 shot you in the head. But the Chargers and Titans are fuckin jokes right now not even a threat (if you have learn to kill them without of course)
I like our normal guns are just props tbh is it just me? for this one take?
this is my problem atm dont matter how good or fast you are if you cant recover ...the game straight overwhelms you its even worse if your solo or duo
Hell the bile titans arent even the worst part. Its the fact that Silo progress FULLY RESETS if it takes too much damage. Between 2-3 titans, 3-5 chargers and like a hundred other things that rush the damn thing, its near impossible with bad RNG
So the EAT and the Recoilless can take out a charger in one hit if you hit them in the head now?
SKILL ISSUE ?????????????????
I hate the new mission on helldive it's insane
Things that piss me off: 1. Hunters. The god damn hunters. I'm so sick of WAVES of hunters, 6 spawn at once, then another bug opens another bug breach and 4 spawn, then 6 more come out of no where, before you know it there's more hunters than literally any other bug and they overwhelm you so easily. 3 minigun turrets can't even keep up.  2. Mortars. Good god, the friendly danger is just horrible.  3. Guard dog vs rover balancing. The ballistic guard dog is trash. It's useless. There's absolutely zero reason to use it over the rover. Conversely, if they make the rover as limited as the ballistic, it will also be garbage.  4. The Liberator Penetrator is LITERALLY WORSE than the first DMR you get.  5. The SMG's are amazing until you run out of ammo. I usually run the supply pack with the grenade launcher, getting quite the long run out of all my weapons, after that the 4 of us are competing with each other for ammo. The DMR supported by orbital gas (to deal with chaff bugs) has become my answer.  6. 110mm rocket pods need to be more accurate. They can do serious damage to the giant's but only if they hit, which is a below 50% chance.  Those are just what's been irritating me this last week. The copium with the playerbase is pathetic. I agree, I don't feel the need to sweat hard to play the game. For that reason, my 2 small groups I play with have been just bombing through 4 and 5 difficulty. Not much sweat there, we can take items we find fun, like all 4 of us using the laser and the jet pack, jumping up to high rocks and just melting everything in visual range.
I think the main issue this game has is that enemy spawns are random. You can get any enemy by pure chance and increased difficulty just increases the chance of high tier enemies. This leads to situations like this wheee ya know 8 bile titans and 8 more bile titans. But then someone who goes and plays a 7 gets 3 bile titans the whole mission cause they are lucky and then say it isnt that bad
I've had almost the exact same experience as you yesterday night, while doing the same mission type. We realized after a while that starting the silo spawns a new wave, as many people have said here a lot. Still over the course of the mission (40 minutes) we ended up encountering about 18 bile titans.  Now here's the fun part. We were playing on difficulty 6. Extreme. What in the actual holy hell
bile titans should be limited to 8 a game for helldive, chargers, 20 or so, with a 1 minute cooldown
"my guy vaults it automatically like a moron." The most relatable thing I've ever seen on YouTube.
Why bro talk like a virgin river monsters guy
I just Duo'd this mission tonight on level 8, using 2 sentries, HMG emplacement, and 500kg. Definitely was feeling overwhelmed from the bile titans, but EMS sentry did amazing slowing down the mobs, autocannon sentry took down titans (eventually) and helped with chargers. My teammate used shield pack, and 3 sentries, including EMS sentry. I will mention, that the night prior, me and 3 of my friends attempted this on helldive, not using sentries much, and yeah, only got one silo done. I think the mission is definitely do-able, but in regards to your comment about coping... yes. This mission requires a bit more teamwork and strategy with stratagems rather than just go at it full bore, with little team work,  like you can most other missions.
This is ridiculous! Same thing happened to me. Ppl need to know
I had 5 Titans simultaneously on a Termicide mission on Helldive, it's actually borderline unplayable
I was expecting this absurdity to at least be difficulty 9... but no it was 8. Seeing this footage though does make me think that having a "hell on earth" mission type could actually be interesting as long as they fix issues like bile titans just not caring about 500kg bombs sometimes, tanking multiple AT to the mouth, and mechs blowing themselves up... It would of course be some special event and not something normal at all. It would serve as a way to test your team and just how absurd the situations you can handle are.  EDIT: upon further learning this was the host's fault it seems and that is the reason he quit. He was the dude who caused 20 Bile Titans to spawn... oof.
And they want us to use more stratagems... Right, If only my CD didn't exist and I have unlimited rockets to two shot 1 titan of the 20 more I'm trying to loop while the Silo keeps reseting itself because I touch it, Seems fair.
Can PC and PlayStation finally add each other as friends now or no?
I'm someone who play on 8th difficulty alot and yesterday went down to 7th to help a friend and shocked at how much easier 7th was. On 8th as you see there are almost alway 2 bile titan on you while on 7 it maybe one every minute
Have you considered... mhm playing maybe a difficulty lower?
Duh its just a defensive mission. It would be piss easy if only hunters and small bugs came at you. Get sentries for this mission and its alot easier too.
last night i cleared this mission on my first try with only 1 random on difficulty 9, its about understanding the nuances of the mission more than defeating the bugs. i did not feel like we were sweating it so i think its just about knowledge that we learned on that mission.  1. if the silo is lost, wait until the breaches clear COMPLETELY to reactivate it. a new wave spawns every time you hit the button. communication helps here, if a teammate doesnt know this then they might keep pressing it   2. Silos take friendly fire, A LOT of friendly fire happens with explosive strategems like cluster bombs or air strikes, dont use these. the high spread guns also cause a lot of damage to the silos, especially when the chaff enemies swarm the building, so at least fire from the side if using these.  3. ironically, bile titans and chargers arent the worst enemy type here, the Hunters instant agro on the silo and attempt to take it out as soon as they approach it, so the chaff ends up doing more damage to the Silo Shield and Silo Health than the larger enemies. controlling the amount of small enemies is usually more important it seems.  4. you have 40 minutes, you can take your time.  all this said, the spawns for heavies is WAY too high right now, especially on bugs.
PREACH MY BROTHER!!! I get the railgun is still good on unsafe mode but no where as good as it used to be! Idc what you say and what arguments you make, its simply NOT it. The SPEAR is amazing at Bile Titans and Chargers BUT also has its downsides, like its wonky lock-ons or never locking on. Sometimes it locks on and doesn't even shoot after you hit the fire button multiple times.  Spear needs to be patched with its lock on capabilities and have a faster lock on time and making sure it actually fires when pressed.  EAT is nice for that mission as well with its decent cool down time if you have invested in the Ship Modules but again its a one shot deal which can make it feel lack luster but is really good and I feel personally underestimated.  Use EMS Mortars for this mission to slow down larger mobs and watch the mission become a boat load easier. Enabling you to control and deal with the smaller mobs and then redirect your focus to killing the larger ones.  The 500KG Nuke needs a HUGE buff imo. I say this because as seen in this video dropping it on its head sometimes doesnt even kill it. Dropping it directly underneath it and it actually going off underneath the bile titan does fudge all! Definitely needs a rework and brought back to life. It needs a larger blast radius and stronger area of effect.
That's why they have different difficulties that you can choose.
i wonder if because its a special new mission type somthing is bugged, and this is not normal gameplay. Still the number of heavy enemies is abhorant.
The Titans only spawn back in because you're killing them. Think of them more as an obstacle than an actual enemy. Shoot their sacks and just run around clicking the console. This mission is only as hard as you make it lol
"What followed was unlike anything i've ever experienced" - Youtuber in 2024 making a basic lets play video
Dude the game is still fun, there are so many good weapons, Arc Thrower is fantastic, stratagems are great, will you stop making these "gatcha" videos for attention, you are riling people up, and making this community incredibly toxic. Most of what you complain about is a skill issue man, learn to use air strikes more, learn to coordinate. try out other weapons, the railgun is the exact same in unsafe mode dude.
I am amazed at how quickly they were able to make this game exponentially less fun than when it launched ☹️
Yeah so im back with an extra comment i played level 6 yesterday for my third thermicide mission played some L4 before and it was just the smallest bugs and that was it.  Thinking they tuned 4 to easy i went to 6 and we proceeded to get our wrecked by around 15 titans with 4 on the field at any time until we just gave up.
This is so repetitive - lame game
Ur voice gives me bitchy I told you so vibes
Is the recoilless rifle better than the expendable anti-tank?
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
This is where mines and napalm come in handy
Hunters suck lol
JOEL is drunk on power and needs to go down!
I think it's you or your team who's spamming the new wave of enemies.....
Oh my god the f1 guy
This mission is a massacre on 9th dif. Me and my team of two people easily got 2 of these batteries, but on 3rd... On 3rd there was nothing we can do. We kill 1 titan-get 2 more, countless mortar spewers (forgot how they called, these mfs, that poke their head in ground and start blasting), infinite little hunters, infinite bug breaches. As we start to charge this 3rd battery - it immediately gets critically unstable status. And also, a random that joined us after already completing 2 of these batteries, took all our reinforcements, he died like 14 times in 10 min
Don’t get me wrong I love the game but the way the weapons worked in the beginning was great now it just feels like I’m shooting pea shots doesn’t feel fun it’s more stressful than anything and no I don’t have a skill issue I got everything unlocked and I’m lvl 50  also play lvl 7 as I’m not trying to take out 10 titans and chargers shit even at 7 you’ll get about that many in one mission shits crazy. It’s a love hate relationship
Couldn't agree more. After the first patch It went to s***. Don't enjoy it at all any more. Feels like work, not fun.
I tried Helldive on normal mission and the amount of heavies were manageable, there are always no more than 3 titans at once and as long as you know where to run or fight, you're good  but this new mission is basically tower defense where you have to protect towers while a horde of enemies come for it, naturally you'll end up having to deal with always 3 titans at once not to mention the chargers  imo the mission is the problem, they can cut the enemy count to a third for this mission since that's what we're mostly dealing with on normal missions, right now you're fighting the horde of the whole map while protecting something else
Um. The highest difficulty is meant to be hard? Why do you expect to win in it as a given? There should always be the possibility of failure at the highest difficulty expecialy when it's pve so people don't just get board with the game when they've unlocked everything, once winning becomes routine it loses its appeal to those seeking a challenge. If you want to have a easier time just play lower difficulty instead of trying to pressure the devs to lower the skill ceiling just so you can say you play on the hardest difficulty. There are 2 other hard difficulties that have pretty much the same rewards so just play those?
what an, awful, low-quality video. so upset i have to see your brain rot cross my feed
Your team kept re-starting the mission which re starts the mob wave for that mission, thats why the titans kept re spawning so often. Plus you are on difficulty 8.  Actual Skill issue.
never had that issue RNjuesus is not with you
This new mission type is not about killing everything its about keeping them off the silos so the mission is easy if you keep that in mind can bait them to some where away from the silo then slow them down as the approach it course i still wouldn't do it on the hardest difficulty i keep it at 7 if anything
ThortsayWirrrzzz!!
I play only helldives for some reason  I had no clue how to do this so I just went down to trivial difficulty
I’m more optimistic abt this update but titans need a major rework. The fact that there’s so much debate about how and where you’re supposed to shoot a bile titan and there’s still no consensus other than “Get lucky with 500kg or don’t stop hitting its head with anti tank until it’s dead.” kinda shows the need to resolve their inconsistent nature. I have gone shot a bile titan with the expendable anti tank and then 5 mins later I aim in the exact same spot and it’ll take like 4. Not only that, the rail cannon rarley if ever actually kills the titan. For an orbital stratagem with a decently long cool down think it should near one shot it.    It’s mad though, you were in that mission for around 20 minutes. You literally had to fight on average a be titan a minute and it’s not even on difficulty 9 lol.
Stay mad, play better
Tried to do this on 8 as a duo. Failed 3 times before managing to complete one. Before the railgun nerf we were good at 8 and was planning to attempt 9.
Problem isn't the balence it is not understanding the objective. Mission objective activate and defend the 3 silos. tip 1: you can friendly fire the silo and makes it so you have to restart when enough damage is done so dropping your 500kgs on it is just making more work. tip 2: every time you activate the silo it starts a bug breach, which spawns one titan on harder difficulties. tip 3: you are better taking railcannon over 500kg on this mode. tip 4: tesla tower is really good on this mode as all the enemies agro to the one spot on the silo when you activate it, if you leave the tesla on that spot it doesn't friendly the silo and you can focus on the big guys whilst the tesla deals with the mobs.
Honestly tho, you were able to kill them effectively. Either make them stronger and less numerous, or weaker and more numerous. Otherwise, it won’t even be fun fighting them, they will become fodder enemies. I prefer it this way, before barely any weapons were functional against them, at least now there are some options for fighting them.
this seems ok for the hardest difficulty, but I've been getting bile titans spawning at about half this rate on difficulties 6-7 which is too much I think for those diffs
The method to achieve victory/what counts as victory make no sense in this game. I will post my "Victories" when i wake up. You'll say "wow that's dogshit gameplay"  and it is, but battlepass medal collection speed will change your mind I'm sure. Hardcores are already through but I'm sure a lot of  are still chasing medals.
Even though he's right. I still don't want to agree just because of how bitchy he sounds with most of his videos so far. Man is already talking like the game dying after 5 years of service when you can just simply drop the difficulty and be happier.
pre-nerf Railgun could've made this manageable, but also your teammates keep getting breaches called in cause they're activating the silo's before taking out the current wave of enemies.
4:16 Titan's be like: "Yo, what's up, buggo!"
My man in world war 2
Stop activating the silos all the time thats the problem
I did hard we had 5 chargers at each bug break and had 6 bike titans and it was hard
EAT > recoiless
My friends and I(4 of u) first attempt at 8 of this mission was so many titans, breaches and patrols. 2 seperates times we had 4 on the field. We didn't even press the button to start another wave until the last was mostly clear since you get endless patrols coming as well. The other silos total didn't even equal what the first had together. It was wild. Oh, we lost that attempt to simultaneous crashes. Next attempt was way less titans more lower tier enemies 😐
Balance in this game is still a complete joke, and it's made worse by the terrible hit registration.  Thank you for demonstrating what I've been trying to tell my friend group for weeks.
I’m sick of them just nerfing everything we enjoy using while not fixing the shit thats broken or even shit thats not broken. They need to fix the armor, the fact the 500kg is useless, etc. instead theyre focused on nuking anything thats effective against armor and making it impossible to control your pod when you spawn
channel is pure rage bait fam. hope you enjoy parasitizing the games community. I'm not gonna claim its a perfect game but your critiques are starting to feel rather disingenuous
Damn man, feels like we should have more then 4 players on the field.
Skill issue
Speaking from my own XP iv only seen 3 or 4 Titans at ANY ONE TIME, same story with Chargers although they die so quickly now its hard to count.  edit: So Termicid Tower missions, its like a Geological survey. Every time you start up the Towers its spawns a New Wave.
Omg, such a baiting bitching channel. Bohoo, titans. You killed em all why you act as if it’s something impossible?   “Idk what’s that mission is about”. Lmao, look in the objective section and stop running around like a headless chicken.
I really hope they see this and see what the hell the problem actually is. You shouldn't have to deal with more than 1 titan per silo on 7, 2 on 8, and 3 on 9. This is absolute insanity and needs to be fixed, fast.
The worst part is, when versing the automatons, a terminid 9 is a automaton 6. They are vastly harder than this and its not fun to play at all
Issue is with terminids especially, most of the difficulty is literally just bile titans and chargers. The bots are a bit different because they can call in so much ranged damage that the game becomes impossible to play, but the bugs rely almost solely on those two big boys for all their difficulty, its not like something like vermintide or darktide with how they handle elites and patrols and events mid match, here you just get infinite spawning chaff and elite spam as well because the chaff aren't threatening and are only a problem when theres 5 bile titans and 24 chargers running around.   I think these problems are hard baked into the game and its going to be interesting to see how they can change how spawning and difficulty works in this game, if its possible at all.
The beauty of the game at launch was that It was hard but didn't feel impossible. And it really did feel casual to a sense. It still has this energy but in the higher level difficulties, it truly gets insane. I think to counter this they really need to introduce new enemy types at the top end instead of just sending more chargers and bile titans.
Honestly, this looks right. Higher difficulties are supposed to be endless waves of threat and death. Hell, you even almost completed the entire mission as someone who had no idea what they were doing tossed into the middle of this.
This is the lvl 8 and "event" type mission, we had the same problem with lvl 4 and regular mission (eggs), never ended mob spawns, charges one by one... low ammo all cooldown... insane... can't do normal mission. Every single patrol and mobs call breaches..it sometimes happen 3 mobs at the same time called it... insane ;/ Hope this is only as a "event" with current Major Order.
So in this mission, every time you activate the towers it causes 3 breeches. Your team failed to defend the tower, hit the button again without clearing adds, failed the tower again, hit the button again without clearing adds. This is how you rack up 9 bike titans quickly. Every time you press the button, you add more bugs.
For this mission it’s best to have one guy try to avoid being detected and go along the outside area of the map and search for bug holes in ground (they’re noticeable by the smoke coming out of the ground) and having them throw grenades into them to blow them up. I just found that out myself on my last mission before hopping off! I went and blew up all those holes and by the end there were basically no bugs and it was on Challenging. Usually I’m constantly overwhelmed on the mission with just three of us but it worked like a damn charm.
If you ask me just decrease the cool downs. Drastically it be 2 to 6 minutes of HELL 😂 when they get on you it's a wrap.
Ops all bile titans
When railgun was nerfed all the baby divers that can't play above diff 6 said "just get gud". Well. Get gud.
... Did a helldive of this with randoms and a buddy. Your loadout... why are you bringing a sentry? Sentries aren't good for this mission type. Better to bring a rail cannon orbital or anything to focus on the bile titans. Recoiless is fine, but i suggest the anti-tank rockets instead. What were your teammates running? For this mission they come in 1 of three directions, so its best to have 1 person focus on each wave direction to defend the silos. If you have a strategy, this isn't that bad, even on difficulty 9 with a focus mainly on bile titans. Sentries against the bugs aren't good, mainly due to them dying immediately. Also don't drop airstrikes near the silo, they will instantly reset your progress. You have breathing room even with some adds hitting the silo if you kill them.
I'm loving how the game is coming to be. Either be god like good or you don't get to play high levels
Some things that still ruin my enjoyment of the game since this patch: Vaulting on supplies Hellpod steering basically being non-existent now. Landing drop pods on enemies doing nothing 90% of the time (no matter the enemy, it seems) Patrols are still spawning far too often (not talking about activating the silos, either). And entering the pelican from certain angles, makes you get stuck. :)
if they're going to do this then they should probably buff the damn guns! too many of them have SMALL ass mag sizes and take FOREVER to reload. making something that costs hundreds of warbonds to earn be so dogshit is a fuckin dick move i dont care what anyone says lol
The 500kg bomb has to get fixed, it’s explosion radius is inconsistent
skill issue
All turrets are instakilled by anything at all that matters. Weapons are pea shooters and cooldowns are a joke. The spawn rates are spanking simulator, and the ammo counts are anemic. Im having SO much fun...
I think what is even worse than this is the difference between difficulty 5 and 6. Literally just 1 level goes form 0 bile titan spawns and maybe 1 charger ever 2 minutes on average to having around 1 bile titan every 1-2 minutes with a near constant stream of chargers. How is that a reasonable escalation of difficulty?
wow they really fucked up big time... again.
Spreading Democracy never suppose to be easy. I smell a traitor here!
It makes no sense that the 500lb bomb doesn't wipe out anything caught in the blast, rather than only whatever is right under the laser.
Unlucky☘️
To those of you saying activating the silos spawns a new batch of mobs tell me how is the average player suppose to know that? How does the game convey this whatsoever? Having just played a bunch of matches I can say most randos don't even know what the mission is about or hell how to even start the silos.  Yet they are suppose to just know that starting the silo spawns new mobs? This is just another example of arrowhead implementing a new mission and doing nothing whatsoever to convey anything about it.
Learn how the mission works.
I go down one difficulty level each patch. Just platted the game, on to FF7 Rebirth. See ya when they fix the game, or won't at all.
Firm agree, game was most fun at launch.
I hope you reconsider the title of this video. It's incredibly misleading and clearly you were just upset with mechanics you didn't know existed. The comments have all corrected your ignorance and it's not fair to the developers that a YouTuber is placing such negative attention on their game based on nothing.
Step 1.)  Buy a game where you play as an outnumbered squad that has to work together to defeat an endless horde of bugs. Step 2.)  Whine about how said game has too many bugs and you feel outnumbered and annoyed that you have to work together. Steps 3-infinity.)  Repeat with every new update.
So they did update it again, so more enemies will spawn but not as many elite enemies now, it was crazy when on lower difficulties it was just too much but yeah they fixed it like yesterday or the day before yesterday I believe.  but it was crazy and just too much before this last update.
4:41 Some SICK moves comin' from that Bile Titan.
Lol isn’t this what you sign up for?? The game call hell driver and the game deliver what it promised 😂😂😂
I'm clearing difficulty 7 missions with randoms all the time since the patch. I consider myself a pretty mediocre gamer at these sorts of games, so something is off here.   I think the issue you were having was somebody pressing the switch whenever you guys failed to protect a battery, causing even more bile titan spawns.
Teammates kept mashing the button to start the battery and spawning new waves, skill issue.
We either need new tech weaponary or this needs to be dialed down
And bile titans are the small bugs on there homeworld
The evacuation endless spawns are absolutely ruining the game for me. It is impossible to keep things anywhere near reasonable while you try to extract. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT RUIN THIS GAME WITH HORRIBLE "DIFFICULTY" BULLSHIT!!!!!!
Clear bugs before starting or restarting objectives, bring EATs and lower cooldown strategics.
I just finished this mission yesterday at level 9. Yes it was freaking so hard but it is fun to blow their faces off hahaha
if devs didn't ashamed themselves in a public livestream by failing a difficulty 5 mission (while being carried by a good player), I doubt they will make those weapon buffs anytime soon - keep the pressure up and make them try livestream difficulty 9 next lol
Im going to jump in and say I had the same experience with one of my buddies that just picked up the game, I'm sitting at 35 and my group of about the same level had been rolling through lvl 7 pre patch and, thinking it was pretty easy, I was confident that it was decent place to get my buddy some quick xp and samples so he could play with the higher end stratagems. Half an hour later after deciding the new mission type would be cool to check out really quick I'm wondering why I'm on the casting couch surrounded by titans after a patch dedicated to reducing heavy spawns lol   needless to say we only did the one run after us and some randoms were unpolitely shown how the floor tastes by some bugs, but at least i can one shot chargers now ig :)
This channel is a perfect representation of the worst this community has to offer. What a baby rage baiting for viewers.
There's definitely something wrong with the game. I played 7 difficulty levels with a beginner yesterday and I don't remember meeting at least 1 titan at all. Also, the day before yesterday, I launched a new type of mission for the first time with a difficulty of 8 and only 7-9 titans appeared. Perhaps such a difference in the number of titans arose from the number of attempts to launch the SCT system. Because every time you press the button, there are many breakthroughs, like on an ore search mission. But in case of failure, you will have to kill all these waves again.
You shouldn't have to play fully optimally even on the hardest difficulty. I feel more enemy variety might help, but that doesn't excuse the 21 bile titans on not even the hardest difficulty
Not destroying but has destroyed
Hey guys! Really Hard is really hard! Like yeah. You're not going to enjoy top tier if your not top tier. That's how tiers work. Find your niche and recognize youre not that guy. It ok. you dont have to be "that guy" in every game.
"I don't understand everything about this game the first time I try something new! I'm gonna make a video about how the entire game is fucked and then say people who disagree with me are being toxicly positive" If a group of randos can't beat a level on the hardest difficulties with no coordination, clearly the solution is to flip all the levelers at over and over at the game factory until its so easy people can easily solo everything again. I'll give him points for learning to use team-mates in this video though, he's slowly learning.
To be fair, the hardest difficulties should require teamwork and. comms. Cleared this last night on helldive with 3 other friends and it wasn’t easy but we extracted with ~20 min remaining. Lower the difficulty, it’s fine.
My usual full group was able to beat 7 & 8 over 3 attempts once we figured out the proper builds we liked. There's a lot of support weapons on the ground so I'd recommend just running strikes for the titans, mech (duh), and sentries on where the breaches happen or facing the silo to attack what makes it through.    Tbr. I don't recommend doing this mission above a 6 without a team you trust. The average diver you find on fill (no matter their level) doesn't do objectives, and dies 5-7x with a 1/5th of the map explored. Really not the mission you want to try carrying people through if you respect your mental health.
10:35 If you want a teammate to reinforce onto a titan/charger you should ping it. It makes it way easier to spot when dropping in, especially for chargers.
Lol you’re not Naomi one who had this I got nine 9 Bio Titan and the worst part is in the group none of the people have equip the recoiless, end up, doing the same thing, quit and reset
i don't really care about the chargers and titans even though the spawns are quite insane even on the difficulty 6-7, genuinely though i've been killed more by hunters than anything else since this patch and it's driving me insane those fucking things need a nerf in either spawns their slow or damage.
I have been crashing so much after this patch to the point i literally cannot make it thru a single mission. I've tried everything to fix it, nothing is working.
Or, we should stop doing higher level missions.
I was gonna critique a whole bunch then realized, you just got bad RNG. Doesn't make the update bad lol.
I truly hope content grifters, that got a little bit of clout because they spam uploaded the trendiest game, find something else to do soon. The community does not want or need you.   The team spent ~10 minutes fighting hordes of enemies instead of doing the ONE objective left, which is bad by itself, but you did that the entire game. The game tells you what to do. READ. Artificially boosting the number of elites that spawn in a mission by refusing to play the game proves nothing but where you fall on the IQ scale. There is no disconnect between what balance is in this game. There is a disconnect between who is and should be playing this game. I'm of the opinion that the people playing should, at a minimum, be able to read and don't require a giant objective marker to do something useful.   The host left because he had an dpsht playing TDM instead of playing the game. It isn't cope about teamwork or resource management via aim. It's because you weren't bright enough to play the game and just expected to eventually get carried to a win (again). Open your eyes to the top right corner of your screen and wake up the map.
The higher levels are absolutely intolerable. You can do everything right and still get swamped with one mistake. It’s not fun.  If you’re going to throw 20 bile titans at us, give us better weapons or better hit boxes. It’s ridiculous.
So the mission is activating the batteries for the gas, Each time you turn on the batteries to active, it will spawn a bug breach if and only if you activate it. when you finish activating one. you can wait and recope with your team before activating the next one. so you dont have to deal with constant bug breaches. unless you want to speed run the mission which is fine to.
For me, video was so much fun, no issues at  all.
I think there needs to be a cooldown for spawns. Maybe 1-1:30 minute for bile titans on helldiver difficulty. That way if you kill it fast enough youll be good for at least a minute. But dont kill it fast enough then youll have 2 on your hands. Chargers maybe :30-45 seconds. They arent too hard now. Thisll just prevent like 2 bile titans comming out of the same bug breach and dumb shit like that cause ive had that happen before.
"The new Ermz video is so much worse than we thought" Have you seriously not considered that the top difficulties SHOULD be some of the hardest shit you've ever experienced?? Some of y'all have never played Halo 2 on Legendary and it shows lol On top of that it's your team of Randoms that's literally summoning them all too quickly but go ahead and blame the game like everything else lately because you just won't admit you're getting sick of it.
Why does your voice sound like an AI💀
How do you use so many 500k bombs in get like 1 every 8 mins it feels like
I did a 9. Looked about the same in terms of spawns. You probably already know but this os a defense mission. I did it with Spray and Pray, Spear (Lock on bug is still live), Auto Cannon sentry and Ems mortar.
Played a D6 mission, got assaulted by 7~ chargers and 4+ BT's in constant succession. Spawns are WONKED and railgun needs to be returned to its former glory, while bringing the other weapons to its same pedestal.
Bro's been complaining since they nerfed the railgun lol
the game is in a great place, having alot of fun now, minus the bugs of course
All things aside have you found the recoiless rifle to be better than the autocannon? Edit: I think the spawn rate is intentional and not a glitch. The game is throwing everything at you to stop these big foggers from turning on.
It feels like a bit of a mirror to DRG. DRG handles higher difficulties very well, while Helldiver's seems to handle lower difficulties very well
The tesla sentry is a really good area denial for this mission, it was messy but managed to pull off a level 7. But on my 2nd run my new teammates kept walking up to the damn thing and getting zapped
that mission spawns waves every time the silo button is pushed... if the silo takes too much dmg it resets and someone probably pressed it immediately spawning more enemies. sucks but team issue not spawn issue. play and analyze the mission before complaining the same day the mission comes out.
PSA: Termicide Silos work similarly to geographic survey objectives. That is to say, activating a silo triggers a bug breach. Activating a new Silo triggers a bug breach, reactivating the same silo after it failed triggers a bug breach. There's no cap to how many bug breaches you can trigger and it WILL trigger whenever you activate a Silo every single time.  Pace yourselves and clear out any big bugs before you make another attempt on the silo, otherwise all you're doing is spawning more and more BTs until you've passed the point of no return and have made the mission nigh impossible to finish cleanly.
I saw about 10 or so hunters spawn around one of the players in a game. No big breach. No hive. Nothing. Just poof out of thin air they spawned randomly and surrounded him and killed him. If I hadn’t seen it I wouldn’t have believed it. That was difficulty 6. I don’t understand if this is being done deliberately or if it’s a bug in the latest patch.
Literally every enemy could be replaced by a bile titan that shoot lasers out of its eyes and people would still say “it’s a skill issue”. Just bc something is possible doesn’t mean it’s done in a fun and fair way. Elden ring is a game that’s done difficulty wonderfully for example. I’ve never died in that game and felt like it wasn’t my fault, even when doing challenge runs.
While I disagree with the overly dramatic titles, the bile titan spawn rate is way off. On Helldive difficulty there are atleast 4 alive at any one time. I had 8 bile titans on screen once.
I've left you some pretty hash comments before about your general attitude being pretty negative lately.... I would like to formally apologize and retract said previous statements.
People when difficulties named suicide mission, impossible and helldive are actually hard:
You can one shot the titans and chargers with rocket launchers including the rockets from the mech (Aim for the mouth portion of the face). The game mode including the silos is really easy if you spam sentries, tesla towers, mechs and rocket launchers, you really don't need anything else for this mission at Helldive, you can even solo it this way.
I haven’t played this game since the first nerfs and buffs. Arrowhead has done a fantastic job of fucking up their game. Honestly it’s disappointing because I was having so much fun on it before.
20 bile titans in 26 minutes of game-play on the second highest difficulty, a difficulty literally called "impossible"    I just fucking love "I have no idea how this mission works so the first time I do it I'm going todo it on impossible, then get angry that it's a defense mission where my team couldn't kill less than 1 bile titan per minute of gameplay"  Dude jsut lower the difficulty, this is 100% winnable would have been beofre the charger nerf, now it's a really straight forward and fun mission.
Does everybody realise how pathetic this video is. Like he litterally jumps in to this mission with barely any experience how to do this mission properly and hes traight away onto complaining about the spawns and everything else. It did not take me long to realise that pressing the button spawns another bug breach, and i have done 7 and 8 on this mission. Channels like this are apart of the reason why live service games get run into the ground. Every video lately he is so quick to assume the worst, its like a narcissist finding any opportunity to cause trouble to feed their desire to destroy peoples enjoyment. When i did this mission first go i immediately realised the reduction in heavy spawns. Hes been told and corrected by alot of people in previous videos proving him wrong yet he still wants to try and ruin the game. Dont get me wrong there is a fair share of issues that still affect the game and are unfair and unbalanced sometimes. But what he is saying is cause hes bloody clueless and has a skill issue. The devs have definitely gone blind sided on major things that need fixing but at the same time they have made other things great. If you know what you are doing at high levels, there is plenty of extremely underated stratagems that make high levels fun and engaging and not impossible at all. And no its not "we", its you who thinks its so much worse than you thought. Your title stinks and it doesnt help anyone or anything at all
Yeah, they had a great game and completely ruined it after a week or two lmao
2:43 he agroes a hunter very clearly, runs back to his corner, starts reloading, then gets eaten by the hunter and acts surprised
Game should be challenging and fun, this is neither, it just looks cheap.
This game is not that bad. Just kill them and move on. Ez
Based on what I am seeing in the rest of the comments, the outrageous amount of heavies was the result not knowing the mission's gimmick. In fact, the narrator mentions this lack of knowledge many times. Perhapse the solution is creating a better way to communicate the special facets of each mission type.
Love the Total Annihilation soundtrack!
Tf are you bringing a Gatling century on lvl 8 difficultly lol
i think you're mistaking cause and effect
This honestly looks awful and I have never even played.
you complain that they made the hard difficulty hard
Oh, look. Your average Earth Defense Force mission. :P
Haven't enjoyed the game as much since the update and weapon balances.
“Skill issue”
dont play it then, there are plenty of kids games out there will instant dopamine rushes with 0 work, perfect for you
This is the very definition of the difficulty level you are on. EXTREME
I don't have as much of a problem for this happening on this difficulty (that's higher than a difficulty labeled "impossible"). However, I played this mission on "hard" the other day and had charger after charger spawn and a 3 man team, endless impossible to hit hunters everywhere from the beginning with their improved AI, and the hive lords or whatever they're called spawning infinitely more bugs. No time to even call in weapons at the start.
I know it sounds crazy, but if you don't complete the objectives on a defensive, hold the line sort of mission, enemies will keep spawning non stop until the times runs out or you die. How is that a hard concept? Yeah, on Impossible there's a lot going on, but you guys were clearly managing. What you needed was to complete silo n. 3 to evacuate asap. If you linger too much you'll end up draining your resources and options. What I can agree on is that right now the difficulties are inconsistent. I've played some lvl 7's easier than some lvl 5's. This video shows a lvl 8 on the higher end of difficulty for sure, not gonna argue with you, nor I'll say you played poorly because you did great, but you guys could have completed the mission if you focused on the objective. I did it with two friends of mine that are lower level. What we did is one of us kept the aggro on the hordes far away from the objective while we completed each silo. It worked great.
Helldivers 2:  From Fun to Frustrating
This honestly doesn't look fun.....  Diff lvl 7 is good enough.   At least its not illogically annoying.
Lol I thought this mission was pretty self explanatory. You are deploying a "Bio Weapon" to Genocide them bugs. If I was them I'd try stop you with everything my "Species" has.
I'm not sure I know what the issue is. It's too hard? Just play an easier difficulty. People who are able to beat difficulty 8 and 9 like it this way.
still a great game play! i thought this game was to let you melt thru your enemies after a long at work/school, to make you feel like a human again. i guess i was wrong and i should just play difficulty 1 instead.
Look like old helldiver diff
I’ve only ever seen the increase of bile titans in only that mission type. I think it is most def challenging and Intense.
Nah this is actually cope though im not an enjoyer of that get good stuff but this could be avoided with team communication so you could stop spaming the silos button leading to endless bug breeches
game is goin  from being fun to just frustrating to play at this point.
I think chargers needed to be nerfed a bit but the problem is that they are trying to jam so many balance fixes into one patch that it just continually breaks something else
"Ready for anything" my brotha are you aware BT exist?
some of you cry about this game too much, but yah. the tower missions are beyond fucked.
Get good or choose an easier difficulty. Also you're playing with random on 8 thats a misplay.
I don’t mind the hard difficulties being hard, it makes it more intense
Using macros for your strategems...
Had this exact scenario play out on difficulty 7 as well. "Reduced heavy spawns" my ass.
I can't believe I had the audacity to believe that this game was easy once upon a time.
You can kill titans in 3 shots with mech. Maybe even less. Also I would assume the meta is now recoil less, eat, mech and 500kg or orbital
You’re the problem with this game. Play on trivial difficulty 💀
Unironically skill issue.
I found that the gard dog is a must now. Plus anti armor.
skill issue
lol, when the developers think the npc enemies are paying the bills
They nerf the best wepons to make people use stratigems more but the fact is we do use them the recharge doesnt match the spawning in of the tougher enimies that need them on higher difficulties
I used to do Tiers 7 and 8 with my bro as a duo, but after watching this there's no way I'm ever going above 6 again!
You’ve probably figured out how this mission works but basically you start the mission at the central tower then basically have to do tower defense on those three outlying battery towers as the game spawns in enemies constantly. Enemies attack the towers and if they do too much damage you need to restart the sequence on that tower from the start. I will say for one or two of the towers it’s a bit challenging but doable. For some reason though every time I’ve player this mission there is Always one tower that draws an EXCESSIVE amount of enemies and spawns. Like an unmanageable amount, even on the much lower difficulties. The worst part is enemies on the map and patrols still spawn and attack the silos, and if you do restart before handling the previous waves then they just add on to the brand new full strength waves that spawn in. Honestly, considering what difficulty level you were at I’m not completely surprised this was your experience. I think overall it’s pretty balanced, I think if you started from the absolute beginning you might have seen a difference, the ending isn’t as bad either. But for some odd reason it’s like one of the middle objectives gets nearly 3-4 times as many enemies and waves than the others.
This update has been a huge benefit in every mission ive done, bar this new one. it almost feels like the balance patch simply didnt effect it and its absolutely insane trying to get it done at any difficulty above 5/6 even with a full team of fairly experienced friends who normally roll on helldive
also the spear is the one for the titans
that shotgun sucks lol
get gud j/k
I loved your video on the keybinds you use. that was a great video. your recent video, all you do is complain and whinge.  Pull your head in mate. the game has been out for a month,  and no they have not balanced and polished it to a sheen yet, but geez man, you can lay off the sooky clickbait titles and themes in your vids.
The mission is badly described, to be honest. I literally had to teach almost every players coming in not to spam activation, even the level 50.
i wish i was in that game that looked sick, idk what your complaining about, horde alien game is written on the packet and thats exactly what you got. sick of people complaining that the hard difficulty is hard, play the low levels then or grow a pair and enjoy the absolute insanity that is helldivers.
I honestly don't understand the unconditional love this game is getting. It's sometimes fun, more often unfairly challenging, and sometimes outright broken.
look at the sexual abuse victim who wont get over it, crying about how his fantasy escape isn't distracting enough
Trash game.
How do you have multiple 500kg bombs? or is it the cooldown being suuuper fast?
It’s just because the helldivers are restarting the silo too much if you fail a silo wait until you kill the horde to have a better chance of not getting 8 bile titans spawned.
Stop complaining
Garbage video from a trash player.
"Helldivers update is SO much worse than we thought" Proceeds to play the second highest difficulty, in a new major order campaign that likely makes it harder to complete, due to the fact that termicide will theoretically make these planets uninhabitable for terminids permanently... yeah the devs are the problem...  (maybe the devs want those missions to be hard.)
That was a whole lot of not playing the objective i saw there. If you didnt know what to do why not play it on a lower difficulty until you do? And yeah i get that the Heavy creature spam isnt balanced but the highest difficulty isnt supposed to be easy or even always possible. You are not penalized in any way for playing at a lower difficulty so why force yourself to play at the difficulty you find imbalanced? Every time you push the button you summon a wave of enemies to try and destroy the objective. If this was happening on difficulty 6 or lower it would represent a massive issue but its not, dont play on the highest level if you dont want people to give you sweaty advice on how to improve.
This just seems a little bit too whiny... use to watch your videos but its just turning into a another area for peeps to troll post. Idk what to expect from a community that can't stand harder difficulties being hard. As I've been playing you can deff notice the difference in spawn rates and how they are more spread out, this seems pretty normal for a HARD difficulty on a different mission type no less. It would be more reliable to test on missions that have experienced the previous patch instead of a mission released after it.
Making a vid about an issue after one game as the only evidence is kinda... not a good play. Get a feel for it with multiple missions rather than one mission you haven't ever done before (with randoms that also didn't know anything) as a guidepost.
imagien sitting in the same spot for a good 3 mins and not expecting to get horded
It's like Destiny all over again!
As others have said. this was on you guys for constantly drawing more spawns in. I just ran a full set of these on 8 and it was less than half as bad. I play a jumpjet arcthrower trash cleaner with a 500 and railcannon. So I cant do shit to titans unless my strats are off cooldown and even still it was barely half as bad because we cleaned up the area then initiated the silo instead of spamming the silo to force 10x spawns.
I played helldiver difficulty with two of my friends it wasn’t half that bad I have no idea what’s happening with the inconsistency
Its not that fun anymore, i dont really get what they fixed on the spawn rates, feels worse
The termicide missions are certainly a pain in my thorax. I mean...
Beautiful gameplay…but your teammate was really just screwing you all over and over again  I also in no way would call lvl 8 a “casual” game.  You are in ranked at that point
it looks like a lack of skills. you were more focused on dropping eagles to the titans than defending the silo. the silo takes damage from the 500kg. everytime you press the button a new batch comes out that includes 2 titans that explains why you get 10 titans at silo 3 because your squad pressed the button 5 times. use sentry and tesla towers away from the silo next time. difficulty 8 is my go to and today we killed with autocanon sentries and tesla towers plus orbital rail and spears
This isnt an update issues it what the misison is. You're supposed to stratgize button pushes every button touched creates a wave, meaning if you fail at protecting the silo and dont kill all the bugs and press it again now you have double the enemies. Thr game has been updated but how much lore braindead do you want thr gane to be.  If higher diffculties are to hard for you play the lower and practice some more. The higher difficulties are not meant to be just some fun playing its meant to challenge those who actually learned.
It's not even the spawning that's bad, it's the inconsistency.
For science, I'd recommend trying one of these missions on 7+ as a solo. The amount/difficulty of enemies spawned does seem proportional to the amount of players in the squad. I had my team all bail after the second silo (they ran out of reinforcements) so I figured what the hell, I'll try and finish the mission solo without dying - and I did, surprisingly with no real problems. No more bile titans spawned right until extraction (despite me trying to launch the final silo multiple times).
so much complaining... just lower the difficulty if you have a problem
I mean I cant help but disagree, your playing in a team with 2 max levels and 2 mid levels on a difficulty 8, the only team work was mindlessly lobbing nukes at titans with the occasional clutch play with the AT rocket, on top of that the way that the silo missions work is they spawn a new outbreak each time started, I feel like the comment at the end pushing any blame away from yourself or team is a bit naïve especially since a a lot of what arrow head are campaigning for is more team work based strategies, I dont know what your team was rocking but regardless, things like the patriot mech are stratagems to be played around not called in to take out a few heavies, in that instance your team should have been there to take out armoured targets whilst you assisted and covered them, simply making the levels easier and decreasing rates means that harder levels are not challenging, going into a level 7+ mission should not be easy, it sounds like more than anything you should be playing in lower level missions or in a better squad, regardless dont your skill level stop you from spreading liberation, you can still spread the max of 3% liberation even on the easiest of difficulties, good luck next time
Looks pretty good to me
The first balancing update should only ever have buffed the redundant weapons. As you mention, the spawn rates were fine. People preferred a loadout for a reason: those weapons felt fair against the enemy.  To nerf things, change spawn rates, and improve some weapons - too many changes at once, and recipe for more problems. Great game, def my fav game right now, but devs need to listen and not act so fast - go away and find a nice balance as opposed to just listening to the noisy minority on reddit and discord.
You've been manually typing the codes for your stratagems all this time? :o
I feel like the hardest difficulty should be like this requiring really good team play to succeed.
People who still think this is a perfectly balanced game with developers who are not toxic in the slightest, are beyond delusional
Skill issue
You’re just a hater! Find a different game!
“If all else fails dive, dive and dive again dive, dive and dive again dive, dive and dive again dive, dive and dive again dive, dive and dive again.” Get a good team that communicates. You’ll be surprised how many times you can clear Helldive difficulty.
why cant i come out of prone if theres a bug close???????????????????
This is cope I'm usually not into the get good thing but in this specific case the issue stems from you not understanding the mission mechanic that spamming the silo is just gonna put you in an endless loop of bug breeches
Zero issues doing this on 8 last night, when overwhelmed we stopped the silo, cleared and restarted it. I get that whinging drives engagament, but this ragebait shit is the lowest of the low trash.
yOu dOnT nEeD tHe rAiLgUn.😅 no other weapon is even semi up to par for this and the machs dont have enough rockets. This game is going downhill fast😂
He made this video as if the game doesnt give you a choice
Dont do higher difficulty if you find it too hard to make them nerf the higher difficulties
Arrowhead said they nerfed the spawn rates of chargers and Bile Tians, I don't believe them in the slightest.
I will say that the weapons need some buffing FS! Single fire shotguns should do a bit more dmg and some of the wepon drops i think should have  slight reload buff in speed + maybe granting soem buffs for the explosive weapons and sentries so they can actually survive a bit longer would help a lot
Imagine the harder difficulties being difficult 😯
I’m so glad someone is saying this, I wish they would just stop touching it. I bought this game to have a fun time blowing up bugs and robots it’s a pve game let us have our fun
Bruh I feel your pain
HD2 players higher difficulty for first time HD2 players: "it's just more titans and chargers!! they just us give more damage sponge to make an artificial difficulty!" me, as HD1 players: "First time?"
I don't even play on  7+ right now for bugs. I only play on 6. And even then, there are back to back / Pairs of titans on that mission, and it's absolutely absurd.   Also, I hate that it's called a leg or a head meta.  It's not a meta to aim for the head or leg. the meta is to aim for weakspots, but for some reason the team thinks the head is what should be the weakpoint. Sure. I disagree, but it provides more use to the R Rifle.   Titan spawns are absolutely absurd, yes. But on top of that, I feel like there is too much emphasis on anti-heavy weapons. If anti-heavy armor stripped heavier armor, it would allow for more emphasis to be put back on primary weapons.   For the time being, I'm using anything incendiary or gas based because they don't care about armor. And with Titans? Yeah 500KG is mandatory. If anti heavy stuff could strip titan armor so we could use rifles and guns on the stripped armor, at least then ammo could last longer and explosive weapons could have better purpose if those stripped spots become weakpoints.   I don't know man. That wasn't even difficulty 9 you were playing on and it's just the same reason I'm avoiding higher tiers for both races right now.
Warbond comes out 8 pm AEDST
My first few hours of the patch there was almost NEVER too many chargers/titans, but after they added the new mission type it's like the spawn pool got reverted back to pre-patch where having 4-5 chargers/titans were common. At one pont, doing a duo on 7 gave us 4 (F O U R; FUCKING FOUR) titans within less than 1 minute.
saw someone in a game tell me to activate the silo then run away, he said it works 99% of the time, then again it did work when we did it
I dont see how that can be gun for anyone, its just too much ,it ruins what is an otherwise good game,or rather was, its fun that its hectic,but it can become too much and i think if it proceeds mist  people will move on ,leaving the game for the 20k-50k uber nerds that are masochists enough to play the game in its current form, the CEO's smart ass attitude towards people pointing out that its too difficult currenly do not help.
All this dude does is complain..
Damn I am still completeting the mission though so I don't no what hes complaining about.
I hate this game it’s so good but the devs are such ass holes
I had a glitch today that gave me 1998 specimens of green orange and pink. It was a defend mission level 7 on automatons
The devs who play the game and say "what would be fun to add?" probably just play on Medium, which admittedly, is a blast. HOWEVER, those same devs must also play the game at its very worst and ask themselves "how could this be better?" - it would improve the game dramatically for everyone.
once i saw you counting the bile titans, i knew you were going to be screwed
Hey Ermz... First time? hehe all jokes aside this is fucknig nuts! but makes for a great gameplay though <3
you do understand there are other difficulties that you can choose. Like I get it, 8 and 9 are actaully genuinely hard now. but if you expect to just wipe the harder difficulties with randoms who haven't coodinated strategems then I think you expect the game to be too easy. The devs have said they want it to be hard. I think the fact that you can so easily kill a bile titan necessitates more of them spawning. the Patriot exo by itself can kill three or four depending on how shots land. Idk, I like the balance changes, I actually fail missions more often instead of rolling basically everything. The entire playerbase shouldn't be doing helldives, like if I want to chill I don't hop in anything above 6 or 7.
I feel like that patch dev note about the super heavy spawn rate was trolling now
Man is mad he doesn't understand how the game works.
difficulty 7 had around 3-5 Biles per silo. We failed a few times on silos because of enemies. GUESS WHO CAME BACK when we attempted the silo again.
Game is actually fine you don’t understand the game mode, which you yourself have said a dozen times.
Just imagine how many there would have been before they nerffed the Bile Titan spawn rate 🤣
Okay yeah I ran this today multiple times on difficulty 7 and 8. As long as someone isn’t constantly pushing the button these missions are actually easy like I’m mad they are this easy.
Bro chill they're still tweaking things
Skill issue
Damn, I did this mission on this planet at diff 7, and had no where near that number of titans. I think youre suffering from the team failing and restarting the silo, which summons waves each time it is started. My team didn't really fail more than once. It kinda was a team not knowing how to do this mission type.
looks fun to me
Extreme is the highest I go with randoms
this is why i play at lvl7 XD
Every time you click the button to start a termicide tower, it spawns a new wave. I soloed mission with a mech by dealing with each wave one at a time at difficulty 9. This truly is a skill issue. Don't call the update shit before knowing what you're doing.
So this confirms my suspicions. During major orders, spawns become increasingly fucked. It was literally just fine before the major order after the nerf to enemy spawns and now it’s fucked again.
I honestly do not care for the TCS mission's i tried playing on lower Difficulty (Level 4) and it wouldn't be a problem but the fact my team keeps dropping from games or they keep dropping bombs on the tower it's it's just not fun to play. I hope we get the order done but I'm honestly not interested in participating in the order.
try activating 3 silos at the same time...
Yeaaaaah this was ridiculous. No amount of copeium could save this
Makes sense that they throw everything at you as you try to inoculate the planet. Though it is still insane
Im started only playing Difficulty 7, everything above isn’t enjoyable anymore. 🤷‍♂️
And just think - one week ago, literally the only problem was that some of the weapons were kind of shitty. Like, that was it. Wtf is wrong with the people at Arrowhead. Did anyone see the stream of The CEO playing? He was awful, but what really stuck with me was the 'smell mechanics' nonsense he kept babbling about. Like, what dude? Wtf are you seriously talking about? Fix the shit we all bought you tweeb.  Also, thank you for NOT spreading toxic, brainless positivity. At least some people are paid shills. Subscribed.
looks like s skill issue seeing how you were stuck on silo 3 for about half the video if not more. (starting and restarting silos spawn more breaches so instead of spamming the button to activate the mission like a drooling Neanderthal, why don't you take a minute to finish the rest of the bugs, set up and restart. not saying it's the youtubers fault but to say the balance is bad and then complain about "toxic positivity" because you don't know how a mission type works, that he himself stated in the video, is delusional. sorry mate, no one is siding with this take except for maybe the people that are stuck on difficulty 4)
well I mean...this difficulty is called Impossible... :)
I do a couple lvl 7 mission last night and the spawn rate seem fine to me, no half dozen elite spawn at once like before
People that see no issues in this game clearly don't play anything above challenging or hard.  This game will 100% die in the near future. Developers in every damn game listen to the opinions and ideas of the end game players. In this game it happened the opposite, they only listen to noobs that play on hard.   IT IS NO SKILL ISSUE when you play the new mission and suddenly you have 5 bile titans and you are out of fking stratagems and also guess what, you have no railgun because those "SkIlL iSSuE" players were complaining about them.  OF COURSE railgun will be op if you play on challenging and hard where you face like 2 bile titans for the entirety of the 40 minutes.  If i knew what path this game would take i would never pay for it. Im glad that my friends haven't bought this yet and will never buy it after i showed them the disgusting issues that this game has.
Playing above level 6 or 7 just isn't fun or even possible in most cases
Bruh I just don’t play it, I know what’ll happen if it succeeds and I’m intrigued to know what happens if it fails.
I didn’t have this issue when playing on the second highest difficulty, I also use the the electric gun to kill everything since it’s low key the strongest weapon in the game
I've found if you have one designated party member running around outside the perimeter intercepting the spawned parties like a maniac the battery has time to power up
man youre anoying
I bet they lowered titan and charger spawn rate, and increased others spawn and patrol.... .... which eventually increased the number of bug breaches and increased heavys spawn rate 😂  Conclusion, heavy spawn is similar, while others increased.  Not to mention all sorts of bugs and crashes which makes the game unplayable.
yep its non stop.. the tac would be to have couple of guys try to pull all the aggro and go to the outter map to have them spawn there.... at least for this mission
I wanna see the devs play helldive after they're updates
Fix the servers 👎 Update the game 👍
What is up with this game I’ll be in playing then all of a sudden im at my ship lmao
Why are people complaining? I'm loving it
Yeah its definitely insane and after reading some of the comments I'm def gonna try to get the group to pace the mission a little better. I also don't mind getting absolutely crushed by the ai, and I know that not everybody has that same viewpoint. I've rather enjoyed the moments the overwhelming chaos has given the groups I've played with for this mission type. Like if you play this mission with friends the sheer amount of ass clenching that happens is hilarious lmao Could it use tweaking? Probably.
I'll take 8 bile titans versus an endless stream of 15+ bile titans, 37 chargers, 60 bile spewers, 150 hunters and 450 ticks, let's not forget 10 + Stalkers at any one time depending on how many stalker nests are on the map. Things now on Helldiver are at least manageable if you bring an EMS mortar and an autocanon turret. I dunno what was goin on in this video except his rando teammates are garbage and kept shooting every bug they saw then running off.
Sounds like a skill issue to me! And like heresy!
so ur bad at the game?
Destroying the game? SKILL ISSUE difficulty 9 with orbital barrages massacres the whole map, titans? Dead
i like how confidently you're talking about the state of the game's balance when you self-admittedly have no idea how the mission you're playing works. as everyone is saying, turning on the silo immediately starts a wave of bug breaches, regardless of how many enemies are currently on the map. you and your team didn't understand the mission and failed to pay attention to what was happening around you, and got overwhelmed as a result.  perhaps you should not jump into a brand new gametype on the second highest difficulty with randoms for your first try? or, better yet, do so - and if you're failing, ask yourself if maybe there's a *reason* for that.  if you want to make some kind of statement about the game's balance then you owe it to your viewers and to the community to know what you're talking about. i hope that next time you can actually manage to talk constructively about actual problems with the game rather than swat erratically at phantoms borne of your own ignorance
All you need is Chuck Norris and John Wick on your team, not that noobs you're playing with.
Dont play hard then lol
Also there’s a ton of ammo around the whole map
I think if you play at difficulty "impossible" or "helldivers" you are expected to have a hard time and expected to not win every match
Hater’s gonna hate meh
8 difficulty of 9 - Yet complaining how hard it is.  The only issue currently is meteor showers come in too fast. The volcano is good.  The bile titans are fine and the amount is manageable.  The spawning is painful but still it's impossible difficulty.  Some orbitals need a buff and the ammo of sentrys would be nice.
looser
I bring both orbital barrages, walking barrage, and exo suit. You can replace exo with anything.  Start battery and throw any barrage and just duck spray fire.  Whole team can bring barrage laser etc  easy stuff but you’re gonna die in the process.  However I seen a lot of people die from mobs so it equals out
you play a mission type that you haven't played before, select a high difficulty, and then say it's too hard when you lose? lmao
Your last statement. I don't think using the way the game was balanced on launch is a reasonable metric. The devs had some sort of balance in mind. If they adjusted it then obviously it didn't fit either their outline. Yeah it's annoying to have to lower difficulty after you have made a run solo on higher ones, but to me that's just pride, which is personal, not community. If they want to make difficulty 9 something that has to have a professional well oiled team, then so be it. No one likes having to go back down a difficulty and we all want stability... Sadly, adjusting programming class level variables is a lot easier then adding another difficulty iteration. If they want only 0.5% of active gaming population to be able to some lvl 9. Then so be it. It's also still a young game. It's not exactly like there is a profession in game balancing. Not all devs are playing at difficulty 8 and definitely not all devs are even playing there own game considering the industry.   On the flip side. The bugs/glitches are annoying. Even though adjusting spawn rates is easy. It is hard to perceive this as progress. Thinking about your audience is important.   I'm not gonna quit. I'm just going to drop the difficulty and try to have fun. You have to die every once in a while. Frankly the fact that there are videos as guides on how to solo near max level maps is ridiculous.
Two things to address here:  1. The mission itself force spawns breaches whenever someone activates a silo, the area is also riddled with small bugs that spawn breaches if not dealt with (possible that the team had not accounted for this based on their rush to push buttons).  2. You can't go into one of the hardest difficulty modes and always expect to win, especially if my previous point is a factor. Yes it's a lot of titans but it was made harder by factors you didn't look into or were aware of. That's not the game's fault. Take the L and move on, losses happen especially at this difficulty.  Making a clickbait title, getting (clearly) tilted at the end, and claiming that anyone disagreeing with you is effected by ideological possession, is completely redundant.   And not to mention, your argument in itself is a factor of ideological possession, by claiming anything anyone else has in response against your opinion is wrong and that things should be different, is literally the definition of that term.  Maybe tone down the title a bit, and next time ask the community or do some research instead of saying "well they're just going to say this and that so I'm going to assume everything and claim I'm right and you're wrong" (paraphrasing ofc).
This is a skill issue. When I play I simply skillfully choose difficulty 5 instead.
This guy is over the top. He describes his experience playing a video game like he’s taking the beaches at normandy. Freaking chill dude. It’s a toy.
i feel like my 500kg bomb not killing bile titan anymore
That Total Annihilation soundtrack hit harder than a 500kg bomb
If you this you are going to be successful .. keep going ❤
You literally need someone to bring an arc thrower for the titans(two shots to the head)a recoilless for the chargers and a flamethrower/mortars/turrets for crowd control but even then it’s a shit fight especially if someone dies or u don’t have enough team mates. SMH
its not that hard, just don't keep spamming the buttons.
The level below this is literally called “suicide” you’re just crying about anything at this point. It’s supposed to be impossibly hard
5 is nothing but light enemies with the occasional spewer or charger, 6+ is all bile titans now, my level 10-15 friends were literally just running around trying to kite them and use a recoilless on them while they waited for my 500kg and orbital railcannon to recharge
I think don't think what you're expecting for "balancing" is what the game is about. Difficulty 7 is "Impossible" and this is a difficulty above that. I think anything past impossible should require that super high skill level to complete, I think thats the point
These bile titans must think they’re in Smash Mouth’s All Star,  they don’t stop coming and they don’t stop coming…
we should boycott playing bugs until a real change is made
Just say those difficulties are too hard for you and play lesser ones. Next.
You are just bad
they is no problem the only problem was that you need to clean all termites before pushing the button for the batttery and then they spawn constantly in  search for high ground an defend the battery
This is a skill issue just not with you...your team8 killed a total of three titans. Only one of them used the mech and its provided to everyone.
Helldivers living up to its name lol.
it's not even on 7 and 9 on 6 they spawn to much.
Hell diver players when the hard difficulty is hard
I fully agree with the bugs and glitches .   And i would have agreed with the rest if you guys were not on one of the harderst diff possibl in the game .
Nah this is how it should be on difficulty 8, especially on this mission type where the player is in control of the bugs spawning
It's a balancing issue that hopefully figure it out.
The main issue is idiot running and hitting buttons with a good team who organises their defense its easy !
Idk what you guys are doing wrong but one mech per Battery Silo was enough for Helldivers difficulty. A couple arc throwers and a spear. Seems to also help to activate more than one Silo at a time. I'm enjoying highest difficulties and many are. I'd prefer they not be made less challenging.   If they do lower the difficulty for those complaining, then they should at least add a 10th difficulty for us that currently play at 9 no problem.
I'm okay with all of those Bile Titans being there, In fact I find it comical, my only request is that they make it to where we cannot harm the towers ourselves.
You're complaining a difficulty on the highes dificulty mission?
i dont know why it became so bad , the nerf of the railgun and the shield pack was probably their worst move, then the number of mobs and their health exploded (without any mention in their patch note)
You don’t understand the mission type. That’s how these missions go. Don’t like it, don’t play them.
Thank god for some honesty if I see one more "they fixed everything" video with gameplay exclusively from a 4 difficulty mission playing in the background I'm gonna lose it. Is 7+ still possible? Hell yea it is. Is it fun? Fuck no it is not. This idea that 9 isn't supposed to be consistently complete-able while the same group simultaneously tells everyone playing to buy a mic if they want to be able to play correctly or its a "skill issue" are gonna do more harm than the "my railgun is bad now I quit" group. Some people like team games but have agoraphobia so talking to the other people in lobby is hard for them, this is coming from a bonafide yapper in game.
you say it in the video. you were unfamiliar with the new mission type and the randoms had bad team play. you're supposed to charge one battery at a time. someone on your team kept pressing the button every time it restarted and it kept bringing in wave after wave. the mission's enemy count can be very manageable if proper communication, teamwork and strategy is employed.
What if they used a point system alongside the current timer system for stratagems? Certain stratagems (the bigger ones) can be called in after X amount of enemies are killed, and bigger enemies are worth more points. Earth Defense Force would be a good game to reference from if the core gameplay is for players to rely more on special weapons, barrages, vehicles/mechs, etc.
I completed this mission rather easily. We had three going loud while one sneaked to the silos, yes some spawn from the bug breach when hitting the button, but if you wait a moment, half will go to the three going loud and any prepped mines or turrets can clear the rest as you stand near idle while the silo finishes.  Of course then regrouping can make the last one hard, but having the team rotate to a completed silo with the loner going in behind worked too.  Fighting them nonstop is hard as hell though.  So position for the mission.   (Also this was with randoms)  (Also posted on phone so terrible grammar sorry)
The Dev is killing the game by themselves
I would recommend waiting a bit until you at least figure out the mission, before you say that the balance is bad. Having one bad game, maybe because you kept messing up and triggering breaches, doesn't mean that the balance is bad. This mission is tricky.
The developers really patched themselves into a corner there. The game was still super fresh when they thought it was necessary to nerf stuff based on collected data that turned out to be faulty because of a bug (not a Terminid in this case). Now they have to deal with the fallout of that decision (in terms of gameplay mechanics I mean) while simultaneously having to make new content. Additionally they seem really concerned about players clearing content too fast. Rolling back the patch wouldn't have killed them just like waiting two more weeks before making changes. At that point they knew the data they acted upon was flawed.  Why I go on about this while commenting on a video about the new mission for this week's Major Order? Because those issues are connected. Arrowhead says they adjust the balance of Helldivers 2 based on data the game collects for them but changes (and ideally new content as well) need to get tested. Simply watching a small group of PC and Playstation players (or god forbid, playing the game themselves) would have told them that something is off with the Playstation version of the Railgun. If they had tested the Terminid Control Tower mission with a few people who had no prior knowledge about it they would have quickly realized that it's not suitable for a game that's getting played by random groups of strangers thrown together by a matchmaking system. Then they could have improved the mission by not making it possible to reactivate the towers before the previous wave has been dealt with maybe with General Rash, Brash or whatever his name is coming in over radio and berating you for allowing the Terminids to damage the tower. That would have been clever.
Isnt it more just this mission is harder than the rest so far? As far as spawns are concerned. It is the silo to eradicate all bug life on the planet. Also that is pretty fucking crazy tho! Thats a lot of titans. Is it always spawning like that or is it that they was jumping from silo to silo and constantly opening bug holes? I havent got to this difficulty yet so I am asking genuinely?
Y’all just doing something wrong because I’ve played multiple hours of the new patch on level 7 difficulty and have not encountered that many BTs. Skill issue I suppose 😴
We have beat 3 of these mission on helldive mode. We use a tactic separate the bugs from the towers. Then we get to our 4th termicide mission. It was on Fenrir III, we got to the last tower, and oh my gosh, it was nothing but Bile Titan after bile Titan on this same exact map this guy is playing. It was so bad that at one point we had literally 7 BIle Titans on site, my spear became confused and literally could not select a target to shoot. The mechs would come in only to get stomp on as soon as you got in, the towers we go the last tower to 3 percent more and then we could activate the pump and extract, literally 3 seconds away, only for a Bile Titan to accidentally step on the tower and immediately exhaust all of our progress we had made up until then. It doesn't help that you can damage the towers too, our turret would literally shoot out towers because there where so much around. We have beaten some of these missions with just 3 people on helldive. It's tough to do but doable, but this......this was something else!
I always have this rule while playing HellDivers 1&2, if you got yourself surrounded, you already fucked up. And lo and behold, they really did fucked up hahahahaha
The game went from being absurdly fun to play, to aggravating as fuck. It’s become a chore, between non-stop spawning, the absolute HORDES of adds spawning out of thin air… Bile Titans and Chargers are fucked after this patch. There’s more now after the tweak, than before. I’m falling through the map, getting stuck behind the cryo pods, launching from a Hellpod with ZERO stratagems, Chargers are sliding across the ground, then stop… then rubberband at 1,000 mph… what has happened to this game? Your guns/loadout/character reset every time you log in… the Exosuit is killing itself with rockets even just slightly turning while firing… it’s become an absolute mess
You fake gamers are so soft. Halo Infinite is still there if you want to go back to your Xbox.
Plz look at my earlier comment, I’m not tryna be a hater but tell me I’m wrong, or at least point out if i missed anything.
There's one point I'm not seeing people mentioning. The silos take friendly fire. Everytime you hit it with an aoe stratagem you're essentially causing the silo to fail. On top of that, as people have said, when you reactivate the silo, it spawns a new wave
How about learn the mission. The state of the game is great.    Stop trying to be clever be better! ✌🏽
all of this sounds like a skill issue ngl
I’ve done helldives on these missions I’ve seen 4 bile titans at once and so many chargers it’s insane
Real "10 Bile Titans + 10 More Fucking Bile Titans" moment.
The fact your team can all say "Enemy Heavy" and pin seperate bile titans is absurd
20 billy is absurd. besides the charger ones.... I can't believe it.
lol you had me until the end. There is nothing wrong with there being that many titans! You didn't have to fight them all, you just had to defend the silos. My first 2 missions on this type were hellish, but after I came in with a tesla tower for the little dudes all I had to do was focus on the titans and it was a piece of cake with the mechs and recoil-less rifle. Consider railcannon strikes too.
Yeah, I don't like those updates. Made the game more boring
Did this mission today for the first time as well, but dude in lobby said to pick the stun mortar so we did, then we split for each silo and that was it, only extraction got hot, but yeah i imagine without someone with knowledge or some form of shot calling i see why this could be a clusterf**k
"Game director" is shit
if you can't hack the chaos... .maybe consider a desk job helldiver.
Has the ability to kill Bile Titans and be consistent on an 8. Has the ability to edit and upload YouTube videos. Doesn't have the ability or awareness to stop press the button over and over and over again for 20 min. that keeps spawning all the enemies.   It's like watching Gordon Ramsay cook delicious food with his bare hands, while screaming: "I'm burning my hands! AHHH!  I've burn't my hands 20 times in past 20 min! UGHAAAA!  I haven't been in this kitchen since they remodeled it, but its unbelievably broken! UGHA! Open your eyes and see my burnt hands and look at the evidence of this horrible kitchen. My hope is more people wake up and help un-remodel this kitchen. The constant remodeling of this kitchen is destroying the kitchen.."
did this mission multiple times on level 7, had only 2-6 titans overall in each run. might be the click on the silo terminal when it got canceled and mobs were still alive + its level 8.
i dont want it back where i could solo t9, i want it to be overwhelming,  you got to the last silo with 3 randos. I do agree with the weps needing balance, but what then when you can one shot a titan? imo it would make it boring.
Within this video.  Silo 1 was activated once, and completed Silo 2 was activated once, and completed Silo 3 was activated 6 times, and host rage quit. For silo 3, activations 1, 2, 3, 4, and 6 were  clear or almost clear of bugs (4 and 6 are a bit foggy but I'll explain) -For activation 4 there is about a 30 second cut in the video, but before we see him kill the charger where it is stunned, there was relatively few bugs. And the silo starts as he kills the charger. There is very few, if any, bugs aggro'd in the area. -For activation 5, there is still a bile titan (possibly 2, but the one that comes around the silo could have spawned from a bug breach) along with some adds, this one was also started with only 3 divers on the ground. -For activation 6 at 17:51 on the clock we see the divers cleaning up bugs, but no chargers or titans. With a strat coming in and a mech on the ground that group of bugs probably got wiped very quickly. We then see a cut to 17:04 with 37% on the silo, which means that they started around 17:41. That was plenty of time for the stratagem to come down and for the divers to finish off stragglers. So this activation was (most likely) with very little to no bugs aggro'd  I see the comments talking about clearing bugs before turning on silos, and they are absolutely correct, however in this video they played extremely well and still felt like they were bashing their head into a brick wall. The amount of chargers and Bile titans, at least for this mission type, is atrocious. It was almost to the point where titans were spawning twice every minute with chargers spawning more often than that. Imagine in a 2 man or solo? Literally impossible, and this is only difficulty 8. Titans and chargers are more prevalent in helldive.  Personally, with my duo, it has been extremely difficult to complete the campaigns on difficulties 9,8, and 7. We lose about half the campaigns (mostly to timeout) and just because of this mission we had to drop down to diff 6, other missions are fine to complete. Call it a skill issue, but things clearly aren't working as intended.  Now for some tips. -Silos are affected by friendly fire; guns, strats, turrets, explosions, everything does damage to it.   -Despite Bile Titans not attacking the silo (titans and chargers aggro players) their steps will absolutely destroy the silo, so don't try to kite them around it if it's activating (same with making chargers hit the silo while charging). Lead them away if possible before dispatching them, especially if using a stratagem.  -Turrets are great, but can absolutely wreck the silo, so regular mortars are a no go, however the Tesla is a hidden gem because only chargers and titans will aggro it while the silo is activating, All other bugs will ignore it as they walk towards the silo, basically giving you an entire lane you don't have to worry about unless it's destroyed. -The laser, while great at killing chargers and smaller bugs, will go over the silo while activated and do massive damage. So I can't recommend it. -Orbital stun strike, while unconventional it has a very short cooldown and locks down a large area preventing all bugs from moving (except bile titans) sometimes this buys your team extra time to deal with the titans and chargers, while also keeping swathes of bugs still for a nicely placed stratagem. It can also be thrown at the silo as an emergency to stop the bugs from breaking it while you are so close to completing it. This also applies for the stun mortar (I am not sure if their impacts do damage to the silo, but I doubt it). -While I have not tested it myself, smokes can possibly prevent the silo from being damaged if they are placed at its base.  Possible bug, but silos can take damage while offline (usually heralded by the loud alarm noise) you can notice that when you start it that it can start damaged, even in critical state, almost guaranteeing that you won't be able to complete the activation. This is seen at 1:06 and 4:58 in the video.  Update: I've been running a few missions and I'm not sure if there was some change on their end, but both chargers and titans seem to be spawning much less frequently on difficulty 7 and 8
i will say you say this but again what was old was to easy for veteran and higher diff are suppose to be skillfull and hard diff to be nobody is forcing you to play overall   i myself play with random on discord and just say lets just split which sides to take on or ingame voice chat and we do it and even everyone picks what they want and just works   btw it is on helldive exp but again before this update yeah it was hard and needed spawns to be trun down specailly vs automatons was needed as we struggle to get away   overall i will just say yeah update aren't perfect spawns were needed to be trun down ( comparing to before this update how it was probaly over buff spawns rate ) but again who is forcing you to play higher diff without talking to people and overall take your time to understand and think how your loadout can work together   overall final thing i can say how else are we suppose to make higher diff harder and well deserve if you just say like i personaly didn't hate old spawns but again felt to easy in bit as we finnished entire thing without any talking or so which at co op game it is key and what this game suppose to be co op game where teamwork matter and what everyone brings and how they master they weapons kinda thing i personaly feel like   just overall i would also ask of you make video about how we can addres this issue for everyone in way to be good and not abusing in terms of getting stuff in game probaly would be better thing to do just saying
TLDR  12 minutes then a 30second whine, i feel like the devs are building up to something bigger, its defs very difficult especially when people like to have tantrums when things arent going their way. imo you were playing fine, just the team didnt know the objective (fair enough its new)  i feel like next big events gonna be some kinda giant queen like bug that make everything else looks tiny tiny, cause well thats what tend to happen when you pump gas into the home of a giant ants nest, the biggest ants come out to see whats going on
ppl keep saying its supposed to be that way and then devs are like "oops, heehee. Its not supposed to be that way"
maybe read the mission next time before make this dumb nag nag video...  every time you activate a silo you trigger mob spawns doesn't take much brain power to figure that out within the first few minutes of playing this mission.. Also you were 15 mins in and you still didn't know what you had to do !!?? you joined the mission when the team still had 3 silos to cover and at minute 9:30 of this video you state that you still had no idea what to do? lol.... all I see here is a noob complaining...
My excitement for this game has dwindled. 2 friends are done so I have one friend who begrudgingly still wants to play here and there. Is this really what the developers want?
looks fun but maybe they expect you to run more :)
Why are you mad, this is peak gaming, I love to watch this, the pure chaos.
I think we need a stratagem where the pelican can orbit around your team for 15-20 secs... It would be really helpful watch at this dude rocking over those bugs/automatons in the sky.
played that new mission a couple of times, 1st w/ a friend and a rando, figuring out _what_ to do wasn't nearly as difficult as _how_ to do it!!! for those who don't know, you do as much DMG to the silo as them critters do, so AoE or weapons that paint the area around your target will help them bugs more than your own team...  which is very annoying to say the least, _why?_ well bugs will pile up around the damn silo, and you need to kill them fast _but_ the most obvious choices for that will also DMG the silo... but 3 men squad on helldive all playing for the 1st time, fine, we were pushing a bit, _maybe_ 2nd time, playing w/ a friend who brought 2 friends along, we even had played a couple of missions together just b4 that new one so we knew we're a solid 4 men team... but get this: diff 7 (my friend refuses to play 8,9 since the last patch)... and yeah, even w/ coordination, skill, and 4 people that mission is overwhelming, but we didn't even had a chance to fail, cuz yes mission boots you when you are close to finishing the last silo... now I know wasn't an isolated instance... after playing more than a dozen missions on difficulties from 6 to 9 I can say them devs did "change the spawns" but not the way they're claiming... there won't be 10 titans roaming at once anymore, but they will always spawn after you kill them effectively making them a constant wave... charger spawn rates seem different, but what I've noticed is that from the get-go there're many on the map already... not to mention that all other enemy types now spawn more frequently, including spewers... so LOL I guess... cuz I'm not gonna cry... XD also, I've been watching some solo folks gameplay too, specially cuz for along time I've been hearing comments like: "I finish helldive solo no problem" for a long time till now... and contrary to what devs stated, "game is not balanced for solo play", in fact enemy spawns are way less than when playing in a group, specially true for helldive... only thing is, this game is very glitchy and inconsistent, a friend playing at 4 asked me to help, I joined and we cleared his current wave, only for enemies to stop spawning altogether for the remainder of the mission, which prompted him to tell me, he asked for help cuz they were overwhelming him when alone (as in infinite waves)... I also had this extermination @ 7, where enemies stopped spawning when short of 40 or less kills, and we would have failed if weren't for a couple of little bugs left and me shouting "..don't kill them, let them reinforce.." the major take out of all this is: game is objectively less fun for what seems to be a large portion of the players, I can see this not only on comments, but also people I play randomly and my friends as well... cheers XD
Just so you know. This mission has more of a fixed spawn rate compared to the usual missions. Plus, the guaranteed Bug Breach on button press. Especially, 8/9 will have much more titans but still less than before.
4:03 "I have no idea what this mission type is about" I think that might be your problem here - consider: Playing at lower difficulty and understanding the objective that is in the top right of your screen before making a video that mindlessly complains about how bad things are just because they're hard on your first mission where you don't know what you're doing?   Skill issues aside, I certainly think the defensive gamemodes in this game definitely need tweaking. The problems being we don't have very good defensive options available to us at all, and not succeeding at the objective on the first try only makes subsequent tries more difficult because you have less ammo, are on cooldown, and enemies stack up if you haven't cleared the previous wave. This gameplay loop snowballs into failure rather than becoming easier over time (it shouldn't, but it shouldn't get harder after an initial fail either because there's almost no way you'll do better than your first couple tries in a single mission).   At the same time, hard difficulties should be hard, especially for uncoordinated teams. And I think coordinates teams have been fairing at least decently in this update. So yes, if your team coordinates better and people aimed better it would have been fine, thats what makes hard difficulties hard.
Had issues with that missions in the beginning, crazy spawns of elites everywhere, it wasn't the case in the other ones, imo it's been fixed now, it was specific to this type of objective and the constant breaches spawning everywhere at all time.
Game needs to think RTS. There should be a slowly replenishing pool of mobs per region. When a hole is opened up it eats fromt hat regions stockpiled mobs. Destroying nests reduces the rate the that these holes can replenish bugs. This way you dont have to deal with endless waves that are impossible to stop, it makes logical sense to the player since you wont have 2 holes side by side both spawning a titan at the same time, and gives the player some control of the pace of the battlefield.   And possibly even more importantly:  You can actually liberate the region. Anyone else think its really wierd that we leave the region we just fought in with more bugs or robots in the area than when we arrived? And we somehow liberated it? I'm all for a difficult extraction but the way we just leave is hardly liberating.
its really not that deep, i hope the devs dont cater to people who want the game to be easy. in fact theres lower difficulties for a reason
Was this the easiest game mode?  If you think the game is too hard, play an easier difficulty.  You can't blame game balance for the limited time events being excessively difficult, when other difficulty options exist.  Don't bash your head against a brick wall when stick and straw are also there.  I'm not normally the one to side with devs on the issue of game balancing, because I like to think that there is always value in contrary perspectives, but the fact remains that there are options for how difficult to make the game for yourself.
skill issue.
They did say that they wanted the success rates for the hardest difficulties to only be around 70%. Seems to me they are building it the way they want it to be. I'm loving it either way. Remember guys, this is PvE not PvP, unless the game is unplayable (and I'd you say it is your brains smoother than silt) then stoo complaing, bump the difficulty down if you can't handle the heat, and just have fun. I don't see why people need to butch and moan about every little thing even when it's still a blast to play. In conclusion, stop crying dude
it looks like dificulti level 13 Ultra Hell Diver Nightmare, it will be fun for swety teams liking to sufer. I think that is no fun, when you have no resorces to fight back, primary is ussless for heavys, strategems in cooldown, no ammo for suport...   Big F for that sheet...
why the fuck do people not understand to just play on lower difficulty. eat bugs dude. people need to get a life. this game is a gift to play. just be happy.
I hate that mechanic where you climb over supply bins etc, my config is set to hold to climb not tap
My only complaint, and it’s a huge one. Is that the silos need way more health
It’s an ugly planet, a BUG planet!
I do a level 9 mission... Jesus, Titans along the mission. Stupid game, it's broken forever. I didn't die once and my random teammates dies just 9 times in total. We all extract.
What macro program do you use? I use Logitech g hub.
Ive gone from wanting to play this game becasuse it was fun, now its just running around with no ammo no stims no strata, just bugs bugs and more bugs. at least when railgun was good, you could feel like you had a chance to survive and take out enemys
I didn’t win the first attempt at second to last difficulty on a brand new game mode. This patch is bad, drama, please like and sub.
Thank you, I thought I was the only one hating the game being patched every second day, for the sake of "balance" (this patch is a nightmare), despite making the game not even fun anymore at higher difficulties. I swapped to super fan of the game, to a bitter gamer (out of frustration) in no time...
Insane....
The main issue that people don’t realise is when you press the buttons to active the generator it instantly starts a bug breach so actually communicate with your team before starting the wave i have done this missions on hell dive in public lobby’s and have been fine
I agree with everything you said near the end.  Despite me and some buddies grinding a decent amount, they’ve all been too afraid to try helldive, despite my complaints.  We have failed some 7’s, but usually we’re good.  Done some 8’s.  After the update, it seems like 1/3 missions we get absolutely slapped on 7.  Now the guys want to play 5, and I’m just like “wtf is happening to this game?”
hey cool, i literally just got the game. it is good to know this isn't normal.
I hate those hunters !!! Also what made the game so fun in earlier difficulties was the kill bugs explore map kill bugs but in higher difficulties they just throw to much at you.
Play at a low difficulty then, no need to cry at Diff 8 or 9 lol
Can’t wait for March 22nd. F these developers
I mean you and your team did absolutly demolished due to lack of plan and how the mission works, it's just lack of game knowledge. You were killing those titans so easily and yet you complain... i do not get it. Also this mission requires more coordination and more thoughts put into the loadouts. YOU MUST ADAPT TO EACH MISSION. this video and your plea means jack nothing, for real dude. This mission isn't about bile titans..... which were killed effortlessly by the way, compared to the launch day.
this game is going downhill with its balance patches
"do we truly expect people to play at the level of sweaty Esports Professionals" is the funniest thing to me when you're complaining about difficulty. I agree, the game is hard but it is meant to challenge you. We still only have beginning level equipment as has been said by devs and old guard, the fact that you expect top tier to be anything less than a slub fest is funny. Another point you made was that we will knit pick, you're right that people will but teamwork can always improve despite the fact that you worked great together. At the end of this I make my point, the game is still working on balancing and it has a lot to do but top tier being sweat level difficulty right now is expected and if it too hard then just play lower difficulties. Remember, the most important thing is having fun
Ermz doesn't know the mission is a bit disappointing... bugs will keep coming until they finish the mission. He should had activated the silo. He shouldn't focus too much on killing he should focus on doing the mission while killing.
Okay, I completely understand your points… but that mission was 🔥🔥🔥
We reduced the number of spawns for armored but increased the mobs... yet here, I felt like you had almost no mobs compared to the number I was expecting for level 8 and tons of armor... are they telling us one thing and doing the reverse of it?
Wait, I really didn't see the issue. You are pretty much noobs, right? You said you don't want to be esports athletes to finish the mission, but you still survived so long, so it seems doable. I can agree that there is a skill issue in what I saw and I am probably the same. I am noob, but I also got this completed and unlocked Helldiver difficulty. It is difficult, which it supposed to be. There always will be someone who will say it fairly difficult - not too difficult, what will you tell them if devs will reduce the difficulty? If any of the difficulties too hard, just reduce it for yourself. In the last three difficulties, the rarest samples spawn, so you just stay at the lower one and that will be fine to progress. Not everyone supposed to be able to finish the highest difficulties - me neither.
He did say several times that he didn't know the premise of the mission. Given that, it makes sense that he didn't know about spawning waves. I also tried this mission and didn't know what to do and being surrounded by enemies from (t - 0) doesn't give you a lot of time to figure it out. A better explanation of the mission would've been helpful.
Plays mission on harder modes for the first time. -> Gets overwhelmed by Bile Titans while having no clue what the objective is.  LMFAO
Played this mission on helldive today, by the end we had over 500 kills each and lost of course
chill... "destroying the game", thats a bit harsh ... The game wil change a lot, evolve... chill and enjoy the ride
The chargers take out my turrets. I gotta find a play for the auto cannon the safely take out titans
So you started a mission that you don't understand... On lvl 8... With rondoms... What could go wrong :D Tips: * Take 2-3 Teslas. There are 4-5 mobs roads and you can close most of them with it. *Trash mobs will restart silo in 90% of the cases. Take Gatling turret. Gatling + Tesla are godly in this mission. DONT PUT TESLA NEAR THE SILO. * You will need one mech, one 1shot antitank (you can spam it every 1 minute), two orbital rail-cannons. You can think about railgun * Arc cannon and flamethrower are your friends.  * Take heavy armors it's defense mission with 3 stages. *DONT SPAM SILO! It will spawn waves over and over again. Including titans and chargers. Look at the video. * Your attacks can restart silo. Don't use an eagle or area orbitals near it.  Do some runs and you will get how to place all the stuff. Our squad is making this mission within 16-20 minutes. If we can do it, you can too! May democracy be with you!
Man plays on difficulty called IMPOSSIBLE: "...but do we really expect people to play at the level of sweaty E-Sports professionals in public games?" like, my dude, just turn down the difficulty if it's too much for you. Yeah, it would be too much for me as well but I'm not the one out here trying to play at those levels and complaining about it when it's too hard. Stop trying to bring down the over all difficulty just because you aren't good enough for that difficulty.
Is crazy. Every update is getting worst. At the rate is going, people will just give up playing.
This game has proven to be too much for Arrowhead to handle alone
If you are Bad simply play lower difficulty....noob
Its a CLEAR cascade of one of the Helldivers resetting the Silos after it became unstable triggering a new automatic bug breach and all the already present bugs damaging the Silos causing it to go unstable real fast Creating an endless Bile Titan Generating Loop. The Silos also take Friendly Fire (the 500 KG Instantly making it go Critically unstable at 08:47 and forcing to reset the Silos=New Bug Breach)
Was doing one of the new missions and I have a screenshot with 11 bile titans in one frame. Awesome!
Lads after getting cooked by 23 of em in a single mission i can say 1 thing: reinforcement is valid airstrike option
I'm up to Extreme Difficulty, and it feels really good. Enough heavies to be a good challenge, and enough fodder to get really good kill streaks while truly being a threat to overrun you if you're slacking.  That being said, CLEARLY theres still so tweaking to do for the higher difficulties.
Everytime you activate the silo it spawns a BT. Don't activate the silo until the field is cleared.
This game is starting to disappoint me more and more. The core gameplay is good as it was in the beginning, the story is good, everything surrounding the game is good, except for the balance and playing higher difficulties. Yes not everyone should be able to beat the highest difficulty that’s not my problem, my problem is with how they chose to make the game hard: Spam heavy’s and turn the game into a running simulator. There is such a thing as a fun challenge, helldivers is currently failing miserably to provide that. Pressing the stim key should heal your character, pretty simple concept seen before in many games. Instead pressing the stim key in this game sends a prayer to the god of health, and 1/5 times you will be rewarded with health. On top of that, stim invulnerability is incredibly inconsistent, half the time you can rank three hulks shooting you at the same time while stimmed, the other half of the time you get shot by a regular MG raided and lose all hp. Then you have the fact that when you get shot your camera gets shaken so incredibly hard it’s impossible to hit anything for a solid few seconds, yea sure it’s immersive and realistic but how is that fun and how is that skill based? Then you have bile spewers and hulk scorchers with their incredibly inconsistent damage, sometimes they hit you dead on and it slowly starts burning you, other times they barely touch you with the edge of the flame/bile and HP goes from 100 to 0.  The common argument for why all this exists is because the current balance philosophy revolves entirely around the existence of stratagems, which allow you to prevent enemies from getting close where all this bullshit happens. This is just a terrible argument, this is supposed to be a horde shooter no? Maybe make it so that shooting your guns is actually a fun and viable playstyle. Rather the game on higher difficulties basically becomes stratagem hero with the added bonus of being a running simulator, where you have to constantly run from objective to objective throwing stratagems and not shooting your gun at all cause it’s useless.  An easy way to fix this is to simply make it easier to survive, and decrease the amount of reinforcements. Either make the guns better and more fun to use, or fix stims so that you can use them whenever and getting shot doesn’t cancel them. Whatever they have to do, make it easier to survive but give us less reinforcements, cause right now the game is not fun at all on anything higher than 6
0:40 That little glimpse of isentropic flow from Armored Core 6 did not go unnoticed, such an eerie song.
I don’t think I have seen you post like one positive thing about the game? Like either you’re just struggling too much on Diff9 or just are a hater in general…
I got only one question left.... Who's Fam Jaquilo?
As someone who plays only in 4 man we find the difficulty perfect and exciting. Before the balancing update we were already doing full objective helldives as a breeze and getting bored. Now we play 1 intense amazing campaign and either go to sleep cause we ran out of dopamine or go for another cause is too good. Simply the game provides many Difficulty choices. People need to stop feeling bad for not being able to handle the higher ones.
If anyone needs tips for help on Level 7 of this mission, I got you.   Stratagems I use:  - Tesla Tower - AutoCannon Sentry - Laser (Guard Dog - Rover) - Orbital EMS Strike   My weapons:   - Plas-1 Scorcher (primary) - Impact Grenade - P-19 Redeemer (sidearm)  Strat to do it:  - Place tesla tower at one location near the spawn of enemies - Place Auto cannon at another locale - Throw Orbital EMS Strike; Either to assist the auto cannon or the Tesla (Slow enemies for easier kills & save your stratagems) - Kill grunt bugs with sidearms - Kill bigger bugs with your primary + Spewers you aim at the butts to make them explode and cause an AOE effect damaging other bugs!   Hope this helps!  I can also solo this mission alone as a under-average Helldiver (i'm kinda garbage)
lol wtf is "toxic positivity"? We just making things up now. 21 bile titans is too much tho.
This is all Joel's doing
The 500s need a buff so bad.  The damage doesnt even extend out to where its animation ends, and ive even practically stood under one to only get ragdolled a little, taking more damage from the impact than the bomb itself.  As for the spawns, im just gonna stick to about difficulty 5 - 7 for now, because its still pretty ridiculousit seems
Smoke apparently makes it so the silos can't be targeted so... smokes are meta for termacide mission?
He's not even on Helldive difficulty imagine this but worse and solo or with bad randoms
There is no point going higher than 7
Just turn the difficulty down if you think it is too hard. That was almost max difficulty. The game would suck if the hardest difficulty wasn't insanely hard to the point of impossible. In fact I wish there was infinite difficulty levels so people could push it if they wanted.  Why do you want to be able to be asleep at your keyboard playing in a pug on the hardest setting? makes no sense man. Games in a great state now imo.
Oh no I am playing the mode wrong on the second hardest difficulty and I lose… this game is so bad
Might be an issue with that mission type, not the whole spawning system. As others mentioned, enemies spawn any time you start the objective and resetting it by accident is quite easy as it seams you are able to do "teamdamage" to the silo, resetting it if you summon an airstrike on it.  Is there an issue? Yes. But not in the new balancing changes, the issue is in the new mission type. Been playing on Difficulty 7 today against bugs with no issue and have actually what feels like less titans than before the patch
"no more ammo for my Recoilless Rifle" *700 expendable rocket launchers on ground*
You got unlucky and you weren't focusing the objectives. I haven't had any terrible experiences like this since the update. If anything it's only the hunters and bile spitters that still wipe the floor with me, but the mission is still completed and in most cases we get the samples if that's what we're after. Randoms or not.
This is why I play on medium only as a level 50 just to roleplay as a veteran lmao. Helldive missions are a breeze if every one in the squad had mechs but it's a tightrope if not.
I've beaten it on Helldive three times with randoms. spamming the button without regrouping and waiting for cooldowns is why there were so many enemies, as well as the fact that recoilless is worse than EAT and 500kg is inconsistent and buggy. using airstrikes on this mission is a complete throw too. but sure, complain about a mission that you don't understand being too hard. Can't wait for devs to waste more time on "difficulty fixes" instead of fixing the more important things. Anyway have fun thriving on ragebait content because it's definitely working
Please stop using the 500 Kg so much or Arrowhead will nerf it :(
skill issue
I get that you dropped in mid-match on your first attempt of this mission, but this is just straight up not understanding the objective/mission mechanics. Silo 3 had 6 activations in total, all of them spawning multiple breaches without ever having a handle on the previous breaches. Not understanding the mission mechanics is one thing, but this channel seems to quickly be bordering on rage-bait with how quickly you are willing to jump to a negative conclusion whether it's accurate or not. Constructive criticism is valuable and needs to be brought forward and adjustments still need to be made but the way it is packaged is important. This is criticism based on a kneejerk reaction without understanding why it sucks and helps no one. It's obviously getting you a lot of engagement but setting a horrible precedent for the content, but you do you I guess.
i play helldive everyday and ive been doing the new order mission only on helldive just fine no problems with and without randoms
its really not bad, people join 7+ games and ppl just dont bring the right gear, and so they have difficulty with chargers and biles. people need to understand this is a TEAM game, you need gear that compliments eachother for the hardest stuff in the game. for ex, maybe somone has a railgun for biles and flamethrower for chargers, or maybe a lazer cannon. but ive seen people bring stalwart and extendable anti tank for D8+ missions which makes no sense and a 500 KG bomb, orbital railgun, lazer are to be used in case things get sticky or to stay on top of things, NOT as the main way to deal with titans as its not super effective in missions where you need to stay put and defend a set area.
Just remember. Skill issue ;3  Managed a level 9 yesterday. An yeh. These missions are stupidly sweaty.
i only watched a little bit of helldivers 2 but this looks so cinematic.
dunno.. ye might have been a titan too much. But tbh - you guys survived and if you wouldve known the map it wouldve been almost over at that point. In the end lets count the facts: 1. you played the game on second highest difficulty. 2. you survived and you guys barely died 3. you killed 20 Biletitans 4. you wouldve completed the mission if the host didnt dc 5. you got a great story to tell.  Id say thats pretty solid
Helldivers 2 is the best game ever made!😊👍🏻
If it's too hard then go down a level.
Can gladly say after watching this entire video it is indeed a skill, common sense and team issue..  (Common sense)  The activation of slio's will spawn multiple bug breaches - Your teammates were constantly rearming said silo's when they didn't have the equipment, Stim, ammo on Cooldown setting yourself up for faliure   (Skill - not on your behalf) I find it funny that you were able to maintain the biles to a pretty good extent at the first half and your team to be honest just weren't doing much, because they indeed lacked the skills needed to have input   (Team issue) The cordination between Cooldowns, starting next silo's, using your utility same times etc.  And this isn't an attack just my perspective on the situation you're playing the hardest levels it should be hard it should be intsense, It's when you should plan your stagments with others in your team, talk about objectives and cooldowns on your utility your ammo, the fact you guys were using text chat indicates communication could be lacking. Better yet make some friends that are consistent on the game, that play same hours so you can use other chating platforms, to make your experience easier. Even in levels 5-6 if you play with random's it's going to be inherently harder than level 6-7-8 with friends that's just fact. But you decided to go into a random lobby with random stagments random people and complain that the game is hard and everything needs to be put back to square one is just astonising.   And during the whole process of editing this video and paying more attention to how many bile monsters you encountered (Due to constantly restarting the slio's ) unfornately you didn't think about anything you could change to make your experience easier execept for "It's games fault" which is such a simple outlook and why the game is hard for you
U dont have to play high levels 7,8, and 9. u have the lower options if it's too difficult
Maybe the problem was playing on Impossible difficulty and using 0 coms on the mission. Also not knowing how the bug spawn works on the silo mission, but for sure make a video saying the game is bad makes the most sense.
The mission type has forced spawns, that is a problem on its own :)
We're on trending! Crazy to see this, love your stuff as always!
i think this is what happens when devs don't actually try the higher difficulties modes themsleves
Some don’t seem to realize that this game is not meant to be tanking 8-9 easily all the time. This mission alone is hard and if I remember from helldivers 1 these missions are super hard. If they were easy you would get bored. Completing these missions is meant to give you a huge sigh of relief and a sense of accomplishment. We got through 8 just in a nick of time. I loved it. It really is a challenge. But it’s definitely not for everyone.
what I can see if someone with complex of saviour with lots of skill issues, blaming the game, I mean you can read right? the objective has being in the right side of the screen all this time, but yeah sorry guys is not skill issue is just the game, gg
I've completed the mission on difficulty 7 a few times. Joining in on a game can be iffy as you don't know what sort of chaos you will be dealing with - Scientist Mission could be bad, any mission it could be bad.  Using Mech = not using support weapons or stratagems unless you want to get out of your mech which takes time and might end up destroying it and you. Imo the mech user would be better with longer cooldown stratagems either with turrets, certain airstrikes / orbitals or support items to give to other players. Also you aren't reinforcing while in the mech. Still is IS better against the bugs and I've used it doing a bug hole hunt mission to good effect.  The new mission requires everyone to have all stratagems off cooldown and some coordination when it comes to defending multiple sides of entry from the bugs. It gets harder when you have artillery bugs spawning in.  Maybe I'll try it on difficulty 8 or 9 and I'll have to think about what build would be best to deal with the horde of little guys and the larger armoured enemies that can easily break through.
At the highest difficulty you get what you get and you should be grateful for an opportunity to earn your place on the wall of martyrs
Very entertaining to watch, but I would've ragequit after 4 minutes if it was me playing. If I'd even last that long without using all the reinforcements :P
enjoy the damn game and its progression, stop whining about everything.
Ok the breaker nerf was warrented but everthing else was dumb
Drop pods without control. Difficulty levels changing on their own. Team members running around as just a floating gun and helmet. All gear and titles reverting to default each time I log in.  Those are just a few issues I've had since this newest update.   They keep breaking things every time they hotfix.
This mission definitely cancer .... Your team def had a skill issue but this mission despite me finishing it on hell diver difficulty with a skilled team is still somewhat annoying.
This only makes me wanna play this mission type even more now
Another half baked shitty take from this guy, but it brings in views I guess
I wish we had better modifiers for harder missions instead of worse ones. Devs thought it would be fun to spawn 100x more enemies on top of worse modifiers. So fun
yeah honestly i aint even playing this trash the mission is so bad
I see people spam the button alot. Personally i think they should add a top text and the commander say something like: ("Silo activating: A new horde of bugs closing in" ) making it shows that u have to prepare after activating it? or something like that lol  🤷‍♂
Yeap helldivers is not fun at the moment anything above level 5 has become a pain in the ass . Now you actually have to kick players out unless they bring the “perfect” load out to help the team . You can’t accommodate “low” level players anymore ….
I am glad that I waited and watched Clips on this game because it does seem like the developers have taken a great game concept and then done everything wrong with the basics.
That's what HellDivers is... Having fun... I played this last night, just as much chargers and bile titans.  It is called being adaptable and man up for Freedom and Liber-Tea!
I played the silo mission for the first time yesterday on level 8. My group had maybe 7 bile titans spawn, what we had was like 40 bile spitters running around the whole time just spawning in to the point that we couldn't even get into the evac ship because they were blocking it. No joke, we couldn't even see the evac ship from the swarm of bile spitters.
The game is fine. Defend silos and don't instantly restart the silo activation until your clear and ready. Easy really.
You guys all loved Helldive difficulty before this patch. This looks the same number of titans as always. So you're used to it
I really hope they fix this game soon, I honestly am pretty confident they will I just hope it's soon.
12:29 If you are playing the hardest difficulty.... YES? Helldive difficulty should only be regularly achievable by a squad of 4 people communicating in game and before game on what loadouts they are taking. It should be a hardcore team game at its highest difficulty, the neat thing is you dont have to play the highest difficulty if you dont want to. Also you are terrible with mech rockets, that being said, that was way too many bile titans.
I don't know if it's something that people know, but if you didn't already know do NOT just immediately reset a silo if it gets taken down as you will spawn 3-4 groups of new enemies. This is why you're getting the simply ridiculous number of new bile titans here.
Git GUD.
Hold on.. a game comes out with tons of difficultly options allowing every type of player from noobie to hardcore to have their own spot to play in and you're upset because the hardest stuff wasn't made for you? Dude just lower the difficulty or communicate with your team to not do something that spawns in more enemies while you're overwhelmed..  Sorry but it's not an issue that the hardest difficulty isn't made for every player to do without trouble. I don't even go for that stuff because I'm not the type of person that feels the need to be the best of the best in a game. Do what is fun for you personally and stick to that part of it. Plenty of other people out there enjoy that extreme difficulty and shouldn't lose their enjoyment because it was too hard for others who had settings that already fit them better.
well, it is called HELLdivers... not PleasantDivers
I have to say, thank you for not smoking the copium. This game is less fun than it was when I first started playing.
just did this on helldive. One guy just afk midway through, the other quit when he got to the final silo. Me and this rando eeked out the last one with 2 people, but failed to extract. Theres alot less bile titans if we took our time and not activate the silo everytime it fails, only when theres little to no bug left on the field
The amount of heavies coming in is just that mission type.
They called me mad, unskilled, bad, when i told them i got 10 bile titans on a comically small map (prior to the update that was meant to alleviate enemy spawns)
Jesus christ, AT is meant to be a specialst weapon, not your primary. Was there ever a moment when there wasnt a titan or 2 roaming around?
lol wow.  I played several games yesterday on 7.  Most seemed to be reduced heavy spawns.  Except one.  And oh god the one.  We didn't get very many bile titans, but from minute 1, there was never any fewer than 3 chargers on top of us.  Because any time we killed one, another would just magically spawn in near us.  The whole team noticed this.  I had brought the AC sentry and deployed it 6 times.  Combined between all 6, it got 3 shots off.  I was always throwing it far from the current battle to take advantage of its range.  Literally *every* single time, a charger would just *spawn within 50m* of it and charge straight for it.  I lost count of the chargers we encountered after 40.
I feel like this isn’t as much of an issue but that may be because I play automatons
well i mean the difficulty is called impossible for a reason haha
Honestly the sheer amount of bugs and difficulty should tell you how important these towers are
What I see is that most players don’t realize the game states when you activate the first silo “enemies are inbound” or “defend the battery.”But if you don’t listen or don’t have closed cations on then you don’t know most people don’t actually listen to what their character says or what Mission Control says. They tend to tone it out. The spawn rate that he had was 3 bile titans per silo activation. Which honestly isn’t terrible if you wait for all your stratagems to respawn and not take any extra fight.   You can also damage the silo yourself, so if you throw grenades at it, use a flamethrower near it, shoot down a rocket at it orbital strike it. You will reset it. It takes friendly fire too.  You can also stealth past most patrols and in the higher difficulties it’s not wise to take every fight theirs not really a stealth Machanic per say but there is a really good hearing sight and smell Machanic built into the bugs and bots AI. Some use smell some use sight some use hearing and each one has one that’s tuned up like hunters have the best smell drones have a mix and stalkers pretty much have the best of all three. Idk if you’ve seen the hunters put their wings in the air and shake them but that’s them using their sense of smell to find you.   People think this is kill all bugs for liberty, but the mission objective is to start the silo in order to spread pesticide to take out the bugs you’re not there to shoot them all down you’re there to turn on a gas system to kill the bugs. So it is counterintuitive to just shoot everything all those bugs will die from the termacide but not without you activating it first.  And if you don’t know what’s happening in the mission ask those around you.   Oh, also, if you see a bug frozen like a Titan standing 5:30  still not attacking, anyone, don’t kill it or engage Or even walk near. It’s a bugged out bug and you’re wasting ammo and stratagems. And guess what it holds one of the slots for the bile titans to spawn in So that’s one less bile titan to deal with because it’s frozen.  Devs also stated that there are still tons of people able to complete levels seven through nine, and just because you can’t doesn’t make you a bad player it just means that you gotta step back look at the situation and try a different strategy.  Remember, if the first time you dive doesn’t work dive, dive again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again ….
Totally agree ! Evry game its putting so much stress on people that is not even fun anymore
This is Diablo 4 all over again!! The game we fell in love with pre patch is no more and will likely never be back.
Can we not try to ruin the game for the players that actively seek challenge? There’s 9 tiers of difficulty, you don’t have to play on 7, 8, or 9 if you don’t find it fun.  How about instead of complaining how the game is unfair because so many things are spawning, we listen to the portion of the players that are currently enjoying the high tiers being ridiculously difficult.   Ultimately, you can step down from tier 9s if you think they’re unfair, then same with 8s, 7s, until you find a spot you enjoy. However, you can’t go past tier 9 yet.   Simple fact of the matter is that people are still completing 9s quite consistently. So the game is not unfair at the high end. If the game ain’t for you, it ain’t for you chief. But please, do not try to ruin the game for the helldivers that enjoy difficulty.
I would say you are the 500kg teammate were the only ones who looked like they knew what they were doing. At the start the guy in the mech doesnt even notice the charger standing next to him..
I love these statements that are just without any proper knowledge of the game.  Major Order unique missions are known to have increased spawn rates. The Automataton Major Order would perma reinforce and if you didn't plan it properly you would ger overwhelmed.  Not only that you are resetting the Silo over and Over, which creates more Reinforcements call, which in 7+ have a chance to spawn Bile Titans.   For you to get a 8 Bile Titans in a Normal Game, you need to ignore Waves for a good while.  Each Reinforce can at maximum spawn 3 Bile Titans, Reiforces are capped between 2~4 minutes depending in that if they are "in combat reinforcements (4 minutes) or global reinforcements cooldown(no combat - 2 minutes global cooldown).  If you clear properly the waves you engaged you will not have these situations.  As always someone trying to show "The playerbase how the Spawn is broken" is hidding information.
The game was just fine before they started "balancing" things. Should've just left it as it was when we all loved it
High level Thermicide missions seem very hit and miss atm... Sometimes it's chill enough, but sometimes it's like level 15 has secretly unlocked and every bug in the known universe has chosen that moment to appear in a vengeful fury.
I'm of the opinion that situations like this are fine to have in the game as long as they can be avoided through good gameplay. If someone was constantly trying to restart the silos without cleaning up the old waves, then that was on that person for not understanding the mechanic. Otherwise, it's entirely possible the new mission type needs tuning.
I see comments stating the mission directives, but I would like to add you are on the 2nd highest difficulty! The skill gaps between levels is not linear. I like this approach because you can choose if you want to sweat or chill. I will quickplay suicide missions and run solo and hardly break a sweat. Choose the difficulty YOU WANT to play. Anything after that is on you. Also if you had a good squad you guys would have cleared that mid-diff at tops. You can one shot the chargers and the bile titans take between 2-5 shots. You were doing just fine until your random temates lost their cool.
You chose not to get a mission brief. You chose to extend the mission and get this much fun.
your loadout sucks. Instead of half ton bomb, get the orbital railgun. You got a cooldown but it can oneshot titans in some situations.
You weren't even helping the objective, and you didn't understand how the mission even worked. Understand these basic things aren't the same as being "a sweaty e-sports player". Your team is spamming the retry because nobody is properly defending and it's spawning way more than you should be if the mission is being played normally. Terrible video bro delete this.
I'd say this is bad luck. I've been doing this mission type on difficulty seven with far less Bile Titan spawns.
If your team keeps spamming the silo buttons and summoning more waves then you might be calling it on yourselves.
Jooooooeeeeeelllll
Arc thrower = unlimited ammo and can easily take down bile titans, and even 2 shot them if it's 2 headshots with a playstation host. 2 arc throwers is enough to deal with the titans. EMS and proper use of stratagems will handle the rest, to just keep the batteries alive long enough. The rest is just surviving extract. It's definitely bullshitty but doable if everybody does their part.
@ermz Plays - Serious question... why don't you just play at a lower level? (I am not trying to justify what they are doing or the changes)... in the end, if the level you are playing is to hard for you and your squad, then why not play a lower level.  No one is entitled to play at the level they want.  If Arrowhead decides that lvl 9 should only possibly with well-coordinated trained teams then there is nothing wrong with that.  If it is too hard for you or me, then play on the level that is fun for you.
it's like the Dev team is run by a liberal HR department.. " ok guys people are enjoying life too much we need to make it painful nerfs on everything "
My experience , was similar just that i put a momment of attention to the actual objetives and we won. I'm no pro gamer so i'd say its doable you just had bad luck that the host left, you probably where nearly there on the mission. Its just designed to take you to the limit. You are still playing on the highest difficulties. I did it on Impossible - 8
tbh i find it alot easier since hey are so slow , the lv 7 endless hunter spam is bad
Have you considered that maybe if the highest difficulties are too hard, to play a lower difficulty?
lol that’s a you issue… a skill issue! Get good scrub.
To be fair this particular mission type is anomalously difficult.  That being said there should absolutely be a space at higher difficulties where players DO need to work together and coordinate loadouts and communicate. A good team challenge makes for good replayability. Besides many of the games I've invested my time in have made changes to the skill floor for late game content because of the number of people gate kept from trials because of not meeting min spec. The changes ended up not rewarding skilled play and because there was no need to do much other than the simplest of inputs nobody would host runs for the content anymore because the game ceased to be fun well before the time of progressing to said content.  That being said there ultimately is a distinct difference between a casual player and a toxic casual and the distinction is that the toxic casual wants the game's highest challenge to be lowered to their skill level thus killing any fun for those who find fun in a challenge for their skill level.   Most of the game is fairly identical on various difficulties minus enemy types, the rate at what they spawn and the types of objectives and rewards. The reward difference is such that the time you spend to clear 8+ generally offsets any benefit on the bonus rewards (minus the supers but the value of the supers at 9 over 8 still makes doing 9 moderately pointless other than fun)   There's nothing wrong playing at lower levels, whenever I play public I only play 7, with friends depending on with what ones ill play 8 or 9 and its just to keep things fresh and challenging.
Helldiver 1: 20 BILE TITANS, TF ARE WE GONNA DO?! Helldiver 2: F@CK THAT, F@CK LIBERTY AND DEMOCRACY, THE TIME OF THE HOLY EMEPEROR HAS COME, THE EMPEROR PROTECTS, REQUEST IMEDIATE EXTERMINATUS!  *nukes go brrrrrrr*
I dont like that mission at all you dont even can pick up rare or super samples
Might I remind you that on launch the 'community' cried out that the higher levels are too easy. Players should adjust to the game, not the other way around.  Why not play on a lower level, like 5? Problem solved  Also, it's just a game 😅
maybe this man needs to play hell divers 1 and finish the entirety of it... maybe then he'd understand that to lower the difficulty so he can fight bugs without fighting stronger enemies
God please stop titling videos like this, it doesn't explain what you are even talking about and just seeds a negative light for the whole video.
i dont understand why people get so offended when the hardest difficulties in the game are the hardest difficulties in the game
I played the mission type 3 times and everything was easy on diff 7
I just come off a few failed missions in a row didn't know a patch had dropped but guessed as much, is there not a form of AI director in this game? like in L4D or alien isolation, it seems something like that would be really good to manage the crazy.......like pile on the crazy spawns if the match is going well for the team but back off and tone it down if the team is struggling.
You're playing the second highest difficulty in a match with randoms...What did you expect? Highest difficulty in any game isn't meant to be played with randoms that have barely any teamwork,
Also it was ur first try. Figure out the spawn system. Drop the Gatling sentry. Use voice comms for a change instead of going in with randoms. Then come cry to us about how hard it is ❤
It seems that the the MAYOR defense missions tend to throw more shit at u then the ordinary missions
I feel like it’s supposed to be hard though like you’re playing on a difficulty even harder then a difficulty literally called suicide, personally I enjoy the chaos and cinematic Tom fuckery of barely making it out of a situation like that alive or being able to complete the mission in spite of it all it’s why those difficulties exist for people who like the challenge and I think you should play on an easier difficulty if you prefer not to have that challenge, with that said some changes in spawn chance and spawn frequency I imagine could very well be changed given the early nature of the game I’m sure there’s much room for improvement but the last thing somebody like me wants is the entire game and every difficulty just to feel like the same repeated slop over and over and over again because someone complained the harder difficulties where….harder.
The 500 def needs more radius
had to fight 8 bile titans in one mission, 5 of them being at extraction   SIMULTANEOUSLY ALL AT ONCE
you dont want to fight bile titans? there is an easy method, you lower the difficulty and there you go, no more bile titans... its sooo easy
It’s called impossible for a reason blud. No one’s making u play that high
Should be a hard cooldown timer on heavy spawns. So if a Bile Titan spawned less than a minute (or 2) ago another can't spawn yet , even if there's a new breach within that time.
Local man figures out what the word hard means.  Also, why did you join a high-level mission type you didn't know how to do?  And no one expecting you to be sweaty in publics if you join a Lower level  but are you actually saying that about the HARDEST content levels in the game? Of course, you're going to need to sweat a bit for that level of difficulty.
Oh you are so right. I want the game to be hard but not people rage quitting because it’s ridiculous. But you are not talking about the constant errors that boot you from the game. Spawning in and all your weapons and emotes are reset like your a noob and having to go the armoury and change it every time you log in and the most recent look for a match starts to connect and then fails then go to another game freeze everytime. I love the game but today I just switched it off and said enough ….. for now.
“Oh no, the hardest difficulties are hard when my teammates are randoms doing their own thing with no coms”
Main issue : you don't adapt to the game and ask the game to adapt to you. So you don't bring the right tools for the job. Lower the difficulty and enjoy.
Skill Issue for sure.  The new mission is not too hard if you know how to execute with your squad. You need the correct loadout and its easy with 2 people.
This opinion may not be popular but shouldnt helldive difficulty be hell? Mechanics of the mission aside which were mentioned in other comments, is a solution for some people to humble themselves and lower the difficulty. If trivial spawns 20 bile titans, then i would agree there is a problem. But if players are summoning bile titans on harder difficulties by spamming the silos, then they should be overwhelmed. We are after all trying to "quarantine" their entire species
regardless of if this is too much or not, activating those silos starts bug breaches
12:30 thats the reason why you lower the difficulty, whats the point of having everything easy if your just gonna make all the difficulty easy....   plus the 4 equiping autocannon sentry solves so many problems here and almost makes the mode easy mode...
I'm a new player and we tried doing this mission on diff 5, and while I'm aware this is certainly possible it was *significantly* more difficult than other diff 5 missions I was doing. There were nonstop chargers at way higher numbers than other missions. I think this problem is specific to the TCS tower missions.
People called me crazy when i said bot missions were better. Who's crazy now?
I do love this channel, please don’t turn it into constant whining
With all due respect your video title is misleading…. You took the one mission that you knew nothing about how it worked and applied it to the entire update. The only thing I hate is the increased hunter and spitter spawns to compensate the lower bile/charger spawn rate. If you did a non TCS mission you would see the difference as you wouldn’t have a bug breach every 5-10 seconds. Also, as many pointed out nobody is clearing all the bugs between attempts on the generator.
I love the fact that the helldivers 2 community can find a problem and instead of pushing a problem for it to be fixed and result in a better game across the board, they decide to gaslight players, gatekeep the game from more casual players, and possibly even girlboss  I also very much love how you can get shit on if you wanted the game to still have viable solo play because you dont have any friends interested in the game and aren't a big fan of the people you get in matchmaking  Truly depressing
Holy! Some these comments reek of copium overdose
My first mission after a week of not playing was this mission and I had no clue but what I did understand was the levels of utter stupidity.  If the bile titans didn’t kill us it was chargers and if they failed it was the thousands of smaller bugs and hunters doing the job.  Now I can honestly say I love this game but when you nerf the railgun and the breaker and then ramp up the bugs I mean come on give us a chance of enjoying the game…..please
These bad balance patches have already hit the amount of players, dropped 50k players since last Wednesday.
Everyone who is a die hard fan of this game and will defend anything, will give the excuse of "just get a better team" or "it's a hard difficulty, of course it's hard" But last I checked, hard difficulty doesnt mean its so supposed to be impossible to beat. You have to be able to beat it, but with immense struggle. not fight tooth and nail for a major steamrolling. Im level 34 and have been struggling even on just the "hard" difficultty with the recent patches. Something is obviously very unbalanced. I used to be able to solo even higher difs
It's called IMPOSSIBLE difficulty for a reason https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzWvRzDCkrU
"Destroying the game" Dude it's called testing through trial. Deal with it lol
I think for this mission you need 2 green guys, one blue and one red.  - Communicate and coordinate to MANAGE the spread of democracy towards our enemy for victory to be accomplished
i did this mission on difficulty 8 with a good buddy of mine together with 2 randoms and able to completed it pretty easily without that much of BT (maybe around 10-12). a couple of mech exosuits will do the job killing all incoming bugs towards those silos pretty fast.
That was a lot...there hasn't been as many in the "normal" missions.  That mission is slightly toxic at the high level due to not having to move across a big map.
The 500 should 1 shot everything and have a bigger AOE. As of rn it's a big grenade and that's it. For the usage, cost, and cool down, it's severely underwhelming, the damage isn't even close to the destructive power the explosion would lead you believe it is.
Do you think it would have been doable with everyone all togherth on discord or something?
its actually skill issue though, auto cannon sentry will erase titans
less big bugs please!
I mean it is called "hell" divers
There just seems to be a lot of randomness with the difficulties. First time I did this mission with a friend on Challenging and we got constant Chargers and never ending bug breaches. We quit that one, restarted, and barely dealt with anything.
I get the frustrations but as someone pointed out activating the towers triggers auto bug breaches every couple of seconds…. And on difficulty 8 you’re almost guaranteed a titan out of every bug breach…so honestly I’m not surprised.
Idk sounds like TREASONIST PROPAGANDA to me, Helldivers. MISSION FIRST is the oath we took to defend democracy, NOT running around rampant killing everything in sight. This treasonous post will be brought with violent reeducation.
bet these comments arent filled with "GIT GUD" replies AT ALL
yea I didn't like the last video because I felt like you were being over dramatic. Then I loaded up a level 7 mission and proceeded to get a bile titan in every single bug breach that went off. We managed to complete it but there were three different 5 minute spans where we were just kiting waiting for oribitals to come back up.
EMS mortars are pretty handy in these scanrios. Just allows some breathing space.
well this game has gone to shit reaaaaally quickly
16 BOMBOCLAAT!! TITANS!!
Level 8 is called "impossible". So it means I can do it solo and succeed everytime.
I wouldn't go as far to say that the recent balance changes are "destroying the game" but some things need tweaking for sure.
One small detail I like about this game is the persistent bodies. The Terminids swarm strategy is so much more real and effective because of the dead bodies acting as shields for their advancement
I actually agree with you
You get a choice. Die to Hunters or Chargers and Bile Titans
We need a mini-nuke rocket launcher like the one from Starship Troopers.
Tldr at bottom.    we had this shit happen to us. We were doing a fun machine gun themed mission, where we all took machine guns and HMG emplacements. Oh, and gatling sentries. I had my 500kg, another guy had some eagle strike, but my friend had no orbitals. I know... that's on us.. however, we were just dicking around on diff 6 bc my friend had never unlocked higher on his ship, even tho he always plays with me on 7 to 9.  Dude, it was insane.. 2 to 3 titans at a time.. 3 to 5 chargers.. but u know what? I'm cool with that, BUT I'm not cool with how hardly any weapons ate effective against them. There is literally no way to damage them without specific weapons.   I wish the other support weapons could eventually chip away at the armor, even if it has a slower ttk than the arc thrower (lol my phone kept writing sex instead of arc when using swipe text)  Tldr: heavy enemy spawns are definitely high sometimes. I'm cool with it provided more weapons could do SOME damage to them, reliably. They are taking the game in an odd direction, agreed.
Just give us some ability to change modifiers. Example, if you want to make more of an impact on a planets stability. Or You want more experience? Yes i would love 10+ bile titans and 20+ chargers. If not, then lower modifiers and it will be a standard helldive of 7 or 8 with a smattering of bile titans and chargers. I would hope that doing something in these terms would be more engaging. Also please for the love of god tune down hunters a bit. If you are caught off guard and their are 5 your dead.
love the content transition from , dis game easy and op click bait to , rage baiting to ignoring  how a mission works and then claiming that the patch didnt actually work 😂. Going out of you way to edit , watch back and create and VO gameplay edit a thumbnail and at no point was it like huh.... Maybe the mission spawns monsters when i press the spawn monster button.  I call cap this is ragebait 1000%
I fucking swear they made the game tougher and decided to fuck with the weapons that actually gave us a goddamn chance to survive!!
This ain't it chief
fail team 😂😂
No complain. Big fun. Big bug. BIG NUMBER MAKE ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Its perfectly fine! I want an Even harder lvl tbh
You said the problem multiple times. You didn’t know the mission objective. Watch the video again and see how many times the silos get reset. Each reset spawns a few more waves of enemies. The difficulty setting is there for a reason, find where it’s fun for you don’t complain and ask for the game to get nerfed for your ego
They just keep patchin’ and adjusting the game based on the community opinion.  This is a cheap game studio.  The difficulty on this game makes no point.
oh god how bad are you
Skill issue
Yeah, it’s pretty fucking weird with the spawns of heavies. When I heard the update was reducing, I was glad and then I experienced the reduction of the same about or more.
It's astounding to me that they were so concerned about nerfing the Railgun and yet now they've made Chargers 1-hit with anti-tank weaponry. That's so nonsensical to me... It's like they nerfed the Railgun into the dirt simply because a very small percentage of players were kicking people for not having it. The game is getting buggier and buggier and they seem more concerned with nerfing people's fun and enjoyment of the game over simply making it playable. I have a friend in real life who, randomly while playing or trying to load up missions or even just start the game, it will shut his PC off instantly. Searching online, this seems to be a common issue with certain Nvidia and AMD Radeon 7000 series GPUs.
You want some cheese with that wine? Stop hitting the button again before you clear the area. The silos take damage. The enemies spawn to take them out every time you hit the button. You guys are not playing the mission right then cry about it. Also communication is key.
Tbf it should be slightly more obvious, but ..." When button click music more red blips on radar."  Which should be obvious, but in the moment i guess its like dnd where when you're stressed adults  cant do a grade 1 puzzles.  Devs might have to put in a giant warning sign so people like this dont. LITERALLY SPAM THE SPAWN MONSTERS BUTTON. Then complain that too many monsters are spawning.
Man I liked this channel for the gun deep dives, but they REALLY seem to love exploiting rage bait. This is 100% a skill issue of not understanding how these new missions work. Everytime you start a Silo, it spawns a breach. You were spam starting them before you had fully cleaned up from the previous failure. Think I'm gonna have to set this channel to not recommend videos to me anymore.
I don’t mind seeing more giants. We need more stratagem options n maybe increase player count to 6 in higher difficulty lol  Meaning we need more firepower. I wanna feel the power surge as I blast wave after wave of endless powerful enemies I mutually fear n respect  n fight along side a mini army
Feels like all the complaining is from people that never played the first game.. its always been this ridiculous. It was part of the charm of the first one.
There are a few different issues at play here I think. 1) arrowhead want to increase difficulty of higher missions so you unlock warbonds slower. 2) There is always a problem with how pubs play a game vs how the devs play a game internally. When you press a silo button masses of enemies spawn so you team needs to be ready which requires more communication than a bunch of randoms can generally achieve. This is exactly the same problem as the automaton vip escort mission a few weeks ago. Instead people run around like mad chickens, press buttons and get overwhelmed. 3) I had a mission where the silo was reset constantly by somebody pressing the button after it was complete, which I think is a bug.
People like you will really destroy this game. It is obvious to anyone who knows the mission mechanics why so many titans spawned. This is not a good example of a unbalanced mission. You refused to learn more before going in at almost the highest of MANY difficulties. You got rightfully destroyed.   You people are just mad that the game was literally broken at launch, with the breaker, shield and railgun meta making waste of enemies that should be extremely difficult. And now you are too arrogant to even test a mission or read about it before going in. Truly pathetic.
You're a sook.
if you cant handle the difficulty then lower it
new title "The New Helldivers 2 Update is too much for me".
If you don't kill all the adds before hitting the button to reset the silo timer you will quickly get overrun by enemies. It looked like the countdown was reset a couple times. That could have been a factor in the amount of heavies that spawned.
this is a skill issue 100% the only one coping is you dude, this was a very easy mission me and my one buddy did it your teamplay was terrible and constantly calling silo was the main issue, you didnt wait to resupply pretty much spawned 2-4X as many bugs as ive seen on helldive because of it. therefore skill issue (i have done the mission lots)
“Let’s show a video of how to completely mess up a new mission on one of the hardest difficulties and complain whilst doing it.”
heh imagine if it was the zerg....
I had this same problem in this misson, I killed two bile titan in front with my mech canno and suddenly another spawn from my back and spew bile juice to blown me into the sky.
This whole vid is just one mission type? The new one? the one that could be supposed to be hard? Immediately stating it was your first time doing the mission and then going into how there's too many bile titans and chargers despite the team doing the mission in a way many could argue is wrong. I've had a good time after the update and most of the discord and reddit seems to be in discussion about the abundance of hunters now, which is still a hard disconnect about where this video went.
First of all the team doesnt reset properly  Second is that its difficulty 8 literally called SUICIDE MISSION. I personally think it was still kinda tame.   Id rather have 15 titans instead of horde of hunters, chargers, an artillery spewer in the background and acid everywhere.
yeah i had it where we killed 16-17 bile titans in a 15min eradication mission lol, it was rough, but we spread democracy !
Just finished a game where we had 25 biletitans. Like 50 chargers and countless other enemies. Only to be left completely alone on extract…
MOVE TOWARD THE OBECTIVE
Kept killing bile titans but more bile titans kept spawning. It was waaaaaay too overtuned and the only way we cleared it was with 3 exos 2 ems mortars and autocannon sentries with recoiless and EATS everywhere.
With every fucking update, the devs make us weaker and them better. It's tiring.....
just got killed 5 times to the new comet rain feature, its insane, remove this feature, its anti fun.
But hey that supply drop vaulting has saved my ass a couple times with chasing enemies behind me so there's that
Enemy spawn rates are why I didn't wanna see the railgun get turbofucked, instead I would've rather had it be mildly nerfed and had underperforming weapons brought up to its level.
Friendly reminder that OG helldivers allowed us to call stratagems from inside a mech.
I attempted to do the same quest, and it was awful............wtf
that ending state is so true just looking at the  comments
People need to see this video. Why did they do this to the game? It was a good game. I just cant believe this.
Spread democracy and stay alive stop crying
uff
Average difficulty lvl 6 before the patch.
Is that Total Annihilation Core Contingency Music in the background of the intro?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! That caught me off guard and brought back a ton of memories as I haven't heard it in like 20 years hahaha  Just had to do a quick search and yeah, unexpected but definitely is. TA - The March Unto Death.
i swear all you do is whine
The new small bug hordes have killed the game because it makes the laser rover dog a necessity thus taking up a needed strat spot AND negating any other backpack. All these changes of this and that ans balance patches ans enemy behavior blah blah blah when all they had to do was buff weapons and be done with it. These devs are just stubborn and wild af. They further ruin the game every day a little more at a time.
Sad part is it’s the easiest mission you literally have to hit like 5 buttons and xfill can do the mission without firing a single bullet
I'm enjoying HD2 still, but significantly less than I did before the first balance patch.  A few good changes have been made like Charger head health and removing strategem scrambler, but overall the game feels substantially worse. If I started playing the game right now in it's current state, I'm not sure if I would have kept playing it like I do now.
I love the game, however now I am LVL 50 and ship all done and and all medal,s spent I do not want to play in that kind of game, as it's insane, no where near what it was when I started on launch day. I now step back to LVL 5 an enjoy, also solo 4/5 much better
It’s so sad they fucked this game into the dirt all because people were beating the harder difficulties. Sadly their terrible decisions are going to turn people off. I’ve already basically dropped the game entirely.
IDK why people are defending this map and trying to say Ermz is wrong here- So it's the team's fault because every activation spawns a new horde and possible bile titan?  Ok, that's either a really, bad, bug, or it's a bad mechanic.  No other game with teamwork would just spawn a fresh new batch of horde and BOSS enemy. In L4D you hit a car you get ONE, horde and the player that triggered it gets called out. Same thing you alert the witch, she doesn't murder the whole team, the one that alerted her or if you happen to get in the way too hard of said player.  Scrolling through the comments I don't get why this is  being defended while sassing the youtuber. You land in a mission and are trying to learn the mechanics- why do you expect them to notice this? I thought this was normal because a week ago I was seeing 4 bile titans on evac on regular level 7 missions. Kill 2 of them? ANOTHER SPAWNS. So even after doing this level myself I had no idea that silos are spawning more enemies.   The silo's spawn trigger should have things on cool downs so you're not spamming bile titans on your team. It makes, zero sense that they're doing it like this. The mission as it is was poorly explained and forcing the player to clear the last horde and then try again from the start with both progress AND the spawn? LIke if you just took down a bile titan you shouldn't be asked to kill another right away. Player resources are getting eaten up rapidly so a buffer between them should be implemented- even if it's per, silo.   That's so bad that IDK why y'all are like 'duh it's the silo restart' and not "Yeah the silo is spawning more and they need to be fixed"  I'm not aggro against the dev, they're adjusting things and learning things as we do. But I think this is is obviously something that needs to be fixed and I'm expecting them to.
So many freakin whiners. The HD1 community had way more balls and determination.
Very creative dev method of reducing server burden. Simply reduce amount of willing players.
May be an unpopular opinion, but difficulty levels are there for a reason. You've just made a nearly 13 minute video complaining about spawn rates when you didn't even know how to complete the mission . . . which you state multiple times throughout the video . . .  Drop the difficulty, learn the mission, then go back and contribute. Sure, you're going to experience the same rates but you'll know where to focus your efforts. I'd be upset if you were on my team on this difficulty and you "didn't know the mission".
6:20 "i try to land my hellpod on one of the titans, but the game doesnt let me". THIS IS SUCH A MASSIVE ISSUE. i get this glitch several times a match, and no one is talking about it. its game breaking.
Seems like everybody agrees that this isnt the new update but the mission type that created this. They prob keep restarting the silos and spawning more breaches
I wouldn't know because the game crashes 6 out of 10 times for me (PC).
honestly ive done better work 1v1ing titans with the arc thrower than i do the RPG but hay maybe thats just me
Here's my opinion on this. Difficulties 8 and 9 are challenge difficulties, not exactly meant for day-to-day gameplay. ESEPCIALLY not casual gameplay. Just like Halo 2 Legendary for example, not many have beat that mess.  It's also better if you work with close friends with VC who you can easily communicate with instead of randoms for these difficulties. Additionally, this video shows it IS possible to defend off the waves of Bile Titans if you play well enough. You just need to coordinate better with AT during prep.  Just my opinion though.
something ive noticed is this is almost not a problem at all on 7
Ive also felt that the bile titan spit was buffed, either this patch or in the previous. In the past, I would run to the side and the spit would miss me, clean and simple. Now, even when it whiffs, there seems to be a greater aoe splash that still chips me, doing slight damage and applying that insane slowdown we all love. So I cant even kite these insane numbers of titans now because the spit slows me like it never did before, letting hunters just mob me. Has anyone else observed this difference?  Edit: you can see it at 10:52. I never experienced this before, happens all the time now. it must be new.
I now hate playing helldivers
So I don't now what you want the hole point is the higher level u go the more enemy and I find it fun
I’m pretty sure we’re not meant to win this order
Fine, you fn whiner, go back to Fortnight.  This video started as a fun time and ended as a pathetic screed.  The rest of us are having a blast.
fyi your team was pulling multiple defence objectives at once while you were DPS'ing
Well Helldiver setting is meant to be hard.
Need people to play with ps5 KingDuck42017
You are an example of everything wrong with both the Helldivers and Youtube communities
That was nuts I’d of been screaming
They upped the spawn rates for bugs as part of the "termicide is mutating the bugs to superbreeders" hidden message. Same as the flying bugs seemingly appearing out of nowhere only in these termicide tower missions. My guess is they deliberately baited us into believing the spawn rate patch fix, and into doing the termicide tower major order to make the game 10x harder
imagine doing this solo
This is a skill issue, I play on helldivera difficulty with no issue, mech,shield,railgun,eagle rocket strike, rail gun on unsafe mode 2 shots cheat gets legs, a mech with a rocket breaks their  leg in 1 shot, 1/2 rockets on bile titan, you are bad, watching you play really hurt my brain
Noob
You don't even understand the mission type, and you're already asking for a nerf to the difficulty after one try?! You probably know you're spouting bullshit, you're just doing it for clicks
Fucking elitism of some players is currently making this game so much less fun to play and you can't convince me otherwise. If for some godforsaken reason this game is too easy for some people, they should challenge themselves with other loadouts, not cry for the game to be made harder for everyone, because 'skill issue'. I'm well aware I'm not skilled enough for the highest difficulties, tyvm.
People need to tough up. You're playing on a difficulty called impossible. That's the fucking idea 😂😂 There is also an increased bug presence as a result of one of our orders for the weekly. The mission in question you played wrong too. You need to go one silo at a time. Hit and move, hit and move, hit and move. One silo one defence, on button press. If you restart y spawns the new "encounter wave" regardless of current mob populations and that's down to player decisions.  The railgun gave everyone a false sense of heightened skill and the nerf was needed. You should not be able to 1 tap the most intimidating bug mob, you should have to run when you're overwhelmed, you should have to be scavenging ammo to get by..   Some of y'all didn't play game 1 and it shows. The game is sold on steam with a hard warning. Get okay with dying and using tactical hell pod drops to kill, use the resupply stick to kill.. with a co-ordinated team we've been clearing difficulty 9 comfortably. It's about communication and co-ordinated team builds. You're not supposed to breeze through top level difficulties. Earn that shit. Stop crying or uninstall 😂
Devs want the game to be hard. sorry bro its not YOUR game is it?
hmm, your team used all objective in a row, and that objective spawns breaches, and they spawn titans. So, have a little break before activating the Objective could bring all the time you need to bring your strats back, and the tools to deal with all the titans that are comming.
Plays on the highest difficulty. Complains it’s hard.
This is honestly ridiculous.. that many bile titans with barely any ammo n strats always on cooldown  is insane
I'm hoping you tried other missions as well to test out the patch.  Going into a brand new mission and assuming the problem is the balance patch seems like it could be hasty. But maybe you did try other missions and just didn't mention it.
The titans are fine; but that hunter man
Would be much better if they would come from a distance instead of spawning so close to give time to react
Been getting nonstop chargers. Killed 3, turned a corner, 5 more were patrolling right into me. Also the magic spawn on top of you is still happening I guess.
Naah it's decent. stop moaning all the time dude
1 bad match. “If you think hell divers 2 is in a good state of balance then we have completely different things we want from our video games”. It’s not cope so say your wrong and let me argue my point, Ermz or anyone agreeing.   My first point is that I can’t agree with you when the sample size is 1 match. Instead of an analogy I will explain why: you create content for this game and likely have some high hours put in. I have 280 hours myself. We have played hundreds of matches in around 412 matches played with 92% mission win rate and my extraction rate is around 60 or 70%. 1 match of 412 after a patch is not enough for me to say something is completely broken. It’s enough for me to say “something feels off here what went wrong there considering the whole team. Were we working together well? In the video I’d says yes so it cannot be that. What’s making all of these enemies spawn so fast? It seems to me that the silos prepping the termicide cause the enemies to spawn. Maybe everyone should be set up and supplied and prepared before the button is pressed. If the silo breaks, clean up and try again after things are cleaned up. Maybe the button to start again might be getting pushed immediately after it goes down. I have noticed this makes it much harder to do than if you clean up what’s left from the groups that destroyed it.   I think these missions can be quite tough and this game really requires a smart team at difficulties higher than 6. Otherwise it’s either going to be rough and no fun or it will be completely hopeless.   I have tested my theories on difficulty 8 and it seems that if the team is well coordinated and communicating well then not popping silos immediately is helpful. The mission should have the first ~ 3-5 minutes be clear enemies from the 2 silos close to eachother. Once clear communicate and start only 1.   I get that people don’t want to do a ton of testing to see how this game should work but maybe if you don’t want to test and try to find the most effective way to do something I would recommend playing difficulty 6 or 7. They are pretty chill if your team is pretty strong. Difficulty 8 and 9 fall apart faster than my gym shorts from high school in the drier. I think it’s designed that way. Let’s keep in mind that Helldivers 2 is much more forgiving than Helldivers 1 was so the devs are still learning.   As for bile titans I think there are a few good strategies you can employ that I am not seeing. The bile titans AI will stop to attack you when in range so if you bust their belly first then throw a 500 Kg on then then run to their legs and bait their attack and as that attack animation is playing get out. Since the 500kg has a massive amount of damage but low AoE you should be safe just always done when you estimate it will go off (this is a feel thing).  Now this isn’t to say I disagree completely I think the game balance is a little weird. I personally felt like railgun was too good. Now it’s not good enough. I think 2 charged shots to the leg would be just fine let’s go back to that. Just only if it’s in unsafe. Maybe if unsafe holds charge at 50% then it has to be overcharged to 55 or 60% to get the benefit.   But now… I feel like I have to run EAT along with the rest of my kit or I’m not taking advantage of the best tool in the game for killing heavies without using a strategem with a BIG cooldown. Rockets to the head killing feel so good. They do. But the viability of some things are just not there yet for me. I get that not every weapon should kill heavies and we are starting to cross a line that doesn’t make sense to someone picking it up today. Why would a flame thrower kill a charger in 6 seconds? Why would a laser cannon to the rear leg of a charger kill it? It seems a bit odd that these work but railgun is a lot less powerful. I don’t think it should be intended to use on safe mode. If 100% on unsafe is death then 90% should be what they expect us to use to kill a bike titan from range with a few shots. So then for a charger or something else I think we should be expected to charge to something like 60-75% if 50% is the safe mode maximum. Maybe we could get a hud element that would make railgun more intuitive as well so that we aren’t required to use the fps sighting which is clearly worse than the third person is for railgun specifically.
Done several of these missions yesterday on 7 dif with randoms. As ppl already mentioned, don’t push silo until it’s clear around, put sentries and maybe 1 exo rdy then start. Don’t push again if smthing goes wrong until it’s clear again.
patch notes cannot say they reduced the spawn and then this happens.
that mission makes spawn rates go crazy by activating the silo, same thing with the extermination, its actually pretty easy if you pace it out after finishing each silo
Read the comments ermz playz its explains why all of that things happened you might change your mind about "much worse"
finally someone that has a brain on that issue
Honestly imo there's no reason to fight that many elites. Once you start getting that many spawns, it's long time for you to move on to another objective and come back to that one later.
OP is a 🤡, get gud or go play Minecraft you scrub
I was going to agree with you until I read the comments lol. I was also spam activating the silos. No wonder I died.
I loved helldivers 2 from day one, played many missions on max difficulty, had pretty intense fights - but since last patch the game is just annoying me! You can't do s*** against such masses of enemies and achieve mission goals at the same time.
This would have been fine if they brought the weapons UP to the old railgun. I wanted more enemies and more powerful weapons, not more enemies and trash weapons 😔 Glad I'm not a game dev 😅
Bro i've been doing lvl 9 missions on terminids just a few hours ago and never seen 20 bile Titans in the same game. Not even 10. Wtf was that xd
The night after the patch was my first time playing level 8+, so I thought a dozen bile titans in less than 10 minutes was normal.
That was my first experience! I killed 800 bugs on my own including Titans and chargers! We couldn't even get 1 done!
All of those bugs and titans then a meteor shower coming falling, bruh...
Glad to see this wasnt just me and my friend going insane, we thought this was normal and we just sucked, so its Nice to know that its not just us being bombarded by bile titans, whats even crazier is that we were only on extreme difficulty
It looked like fun to me. I'm a casual player by the way. In all honesty, the automatons on the civilian extraction missions were also like this. I haven't played any of them since the update because I've been busy with work, you would just get dropship after dropship of tanks dropping next to the objective zone.They might have fixed that and transferred the problem to this terminid mission type. I noticed back in those civilian extraction missions that the lobby timer would say 45 minutes but then ingame you would get 15 minutes for the mission, I figured the game was throwing 45 minutes worth of enemies at us in the 15 minute timespan making the mission type literally impossible to complete. I think this is what is going on here. That did look fun though, I find helldivers the most fun and exciting when think that we're probably gonna lose and then we manage to pull through and complete our objective.
to blame the heavy armored unit spawn rate would be a misdiagnosis here. This mission requires you to press a button on a silo and defend it. Each activation initiates a bug breach near the activated silo. activating multiple silos at one time will initiate bug breaches in every corner of the map, so it would be wise to only activate one silo at a time. If you fail, simply kill off the remaining bugs and try again (P.S. Bug breaches will happen again with every attempt)
just give players more destructive power - that's literally it
skill issue tbh
you just suck lmao. pressing the BUTTON SPAWNS MORE ENEMIES! WHO KNEW!!
We just need stronger weapons and this wouldn't be an issue. But the devs have a different view so we'll have to wait for that.
New content with no info and complains cool
I hate YouTubers.  You openly admit you don't know how the mission works and then go on a diatribe about how it's broken.  What if I told you there was this button and every time you pushed it more enemies would come?    Dude, don't play level 8 with randoms and maybe, just maybe, play on a lower difficulty to learn how the mission works.
Cry me a river Go to 6 diff and stop whining if u cant manage democracy on highlvl diffs
Turn sharply right and fire a missile with the exo,and u blow yourself up. So dumb. That,and the amount of times full on squads of bug will spawn on me,right on me,for no reason all of a sudden. And this TCS mission sucks. Everyone quits.
I've done this on lvl9 and it's retardedly difficult.  Once you're out of everything you just get overwhelmed by the sheer number of shit. That's 8 mechs(1 at start, one 10 mins later), maybe shoot off all 3 orbital lasers per person, rocket launchers, flex slot like gatling to keep the little dudes off the silos.  It's ROUGH still
I will let super earth know of your treason.
My friends and I were playing suicide a couple days ago and we had 11 or 12 bile titans. That along with countless chargers. It was insane. I can’t believe we made it out and extracted and completed all the objectives cuz it was complete chaos. There were points were there were 3-4 Bile titans on the map at one time!
don't let the downvotes gaslight you, there are also  quite a few people on the subreddit that are toxicly positive about the game and either ignore the problems or straight up pretend they don't exist ( or in some cases tell you they are a good thing, which is straight up delusional )
My fellow divers, just do difficulty 5 or less for TCS missions. Set aside your ego and work for the common goal
honestly this just looks like a pre-patch helldive.
It’s crazy to me you never made destiny 2 content because you definitely have the same lack of brain cells that the rest of that community has. Blah blah blah toxic positivity my brother in Christ the game has been out for a month shush
Just git gud! I did the same mission with even more titans and we managed to do it with only the 3 of us all of us under lvl 20. We killed 5 titanss back to back as soon as we landed we couldnt even call support weapons before the first titan came. I dont understand why people cry about IMPOSSIBLE and HELLDIVE difficulty being actually hard, if those would be easy everyone would cry bc its soo easy.
Man you really want to lockdown the hater space for Helldiver's 2.
C'mon, you should be a little embarrassed. You straight up admit you don't know how mission mechanic works, and yet you want to dig your feet in that it's a balance problem and not a skill issue?
Noobs!
This is a unique special wave based mission, it's supposed to be this chaotic. It's literally designed to be like this. Now go and do any other normal and doing 7s on them is boring asf.. barely any motor bugs or chargers, very seldomly we get a bile titan... all just hunter bugs jumping at me.. I just wish you guys would leave the game, and go back to CoD zombies for your easy mode wins. Like name 1 guy who's beat a Ninja Gaiden game on it's hardest difficulty, cause that's clearly what they are aiming for on the highest difficulty. I think they should just make it harder and just respond to the complaints with "Hey if this guy can complete it solo you can to with enough practice!"
Video is lame. Learn to play the mission and then make a video. Boooo 👎🏻
I kinda think, on top of you queing into a quickplay game with no comms, and with possibly the other 3 not exactly knowing what to do, it's a recipe for disaster.  I did a Diff 7, and there were about maybe 4-5 Biles total in the entire mission. Your team needs to GROUP UP, replenish, get ANY straggler bugs not activated by the silo, and then cover the silo at all sides when it's powering up.  I understand the point of this video, but I think you went into it with a "glass-half-empty" mindset, while also doing the mission with zero communication for just about everything during that time. I mean yeah, you're gonna have a tough time that's for damn sure.
getting pretty tired of these whiny videos, you guys kept activating the towers, which always activates a bug breach, doing do before clearing the previous one, this isnt the games issue, its you guys, and you flimsy excuse of being a super high level player rings pretty false when you make videos without understanding pretty basic game mechanics. You cried about the railgun nerf and breaker nerf, despite them being broken, they took the nerf bat to the chargers now and you cry about hunters, maybe the game just isnt for you bro
These devs don't have a clue as to what a fun game is. It is at first but that changes after Difficulty 7. i have never had a game where literally everything feels far less than adequate, and that is not fun. We have a whole arsenal and every bit of it sucks. Why? you might ask. Well these devs have some absolutely ass backwards view on what is balanced and meanwhile seem to think what we are seeing here is fun. Make the guns not feel like pea shooters, lower the spawn rates. make it so not every group has an ad that can spawn bug breaches. hell that wouldn't be so bad if we could blow up the breaches just like the nests. like why TF cant we do that? if anything it should be a reward for blowing it up so quick so we can have some way to influence/limit  the enemy numbers. And it seems like they are pretty opposed to adjusting the amount of bugs spawning outside the big ones but from the looks this last patch didn't adjust that like they claimed.  so TLDR lower enemy spawns possibility for all mobs, give the guns a reason to be used, and for the love of god no more random little enemies that can spawn breaches endlessly over and over.
You could’ve easily placed down a shield dome to one shot those bile Titans.   This is not a joke. Bile titans acid spit does damage to friend and foe, placements like turrets and towers attract enemies aggro, in fact they prioritize these over helldivers, when a bile titan goes for a shield generator, the shield reaches their head, the bile titan will then spew its acid directly onto its face, instantly killing it.  Not only this but because bugs will prioritize such emplacements you can combo the shield’s aggro attracting and tanky nature to lure hordes of enemies away from you and combine it with a 500KG bomb or any other high yield explosive to clear out whole areas.  Do not sleep on this thing, it will save your life.
This one is a skill issue,and not like a 'git gud' kind. It's an issue of not paying attention to the mechanics of the mission.  Mines,sentries(Tesla coils near the tower) all help. HOWEVER. DO NOT PUT YOUR SENTRIES/EXPLOSIVES near the silos. You do it can reset them. An AC sentry can 3-4 shot a silo,and someone hits the buton,you're back at it again.  This is a mission I suggest people learn how to do and how it works by doing it at a lower difficulty.
I was doing a preliminary mission for the TCS campaign - had a team of 3 mid 40s level players and myself, and during the 35 minutes we killed 28 bile titans with at least 2 more surrounding us on evac. That was my FIRST GAME since the update. Shit is wild lmao
For termicide missions you need EMS mortar and orbitals to keep swarms under control. A couple buddies and I are having no problem with the mode while one of us focuses on keeping BTs under control with spears and orbital rail. We were joking that people were going to be struggling a lot with this mode knowing it was gonna happen, though I agree if you're getting a lot of BT spawns two out of 4 of you will need rail orbital and spear -- anything that will damage the silo should not come with you. We were playing on difficulty 6 exclusively so far
that stuff was amazing! if the mission was to assault titan nest or something. but how the hell would you ever have done that mission with constant flow of titans!?? there is no way. otherwise amazing mayhem tho...
I still feel like the higher difficulties are a bit too easy. 2 of my mates aren't even lvl 20 and I don't think we've ever failed a Helldive mission and it's not like we are super good at the game or anything... Like what's the point of having all the ship upgrades if you can beat the highest difficulty without being lvl 20...
Have now played 218 missions and can say with 100% certainty that the game is so much worse to play than on launch, instead of making us the divers more suited for taking care of these enemies they nerf us and increase spawn rates and don’t give us anything to use against them.  The chargers are so bugged all they do is drift and glide around on the floor and knock you over it’s so infuriating that they still can’t fix the drifting and that they sometimes just walks toward you at Mach 10 when you blast them in the head, the hunters are impossible to deal with because of the constant slow and stagger. And why have they put in that stratagems become unavailable after using them all it’s the worst fucking thing ever.   So they don’t give you the ability to take care of all the massive enemies because you don’t have any stratagems left because you have already used them all and then they give you no weapon that can comfortably take care of them. It’s so bad and it’s sad because this game was so good at launch and now is just unfair, and fuck me they can’t do defense missions to save their life, constant spawns and yet again nothing to fight against it this needs to get fixed fast.
The problem is the mechanics of how this mission is structured. The fact that you don't even understand that, tells me that your opinion is not worth listening to.
I agree but I’m from Xbox
If you fail on the generator and you hit the button again, you just add to all the titans and chargers building up. What you need to do is clear all the enemies before you hit the button again. Do not hit it again right away because you'll likely want to get your stratagens back.
I haven't seen that many chargers but bile titans yes, seems like more spawn now.
Actually, this mission is much like the Automaton saving scientist mission; every time a silo is in the process of being repaired, it'll spawn nearby bug holes. So, the Bile Titan spawn rate is abnormally high in your game likely because your ally kept trying to activate the repair sequence and the tower kept going down. In your situation, your team should've removed all the enemies first before attempting to repair again (giving the tower enough time to regen some health). Otherwise, your Bile Titan and Charger count is abnormally high.
I've played other missions and I think the balancing has improved. This mission can be tough, but I had no issues on difficulty 7 (read: we died a couple times but made it out with a huge swarm on our ass, but had fun and no 20 bile titans). Also mayyybe you shouldn't play on difficulty 8 right away if you don't even know how to play the mission? You're setting yourself up to get tilted...  Yes the game has balancing issues and yes it kinda forces you to play difficulty 7+ for super samples, but difficulty 8 is called "Impossible" after all. Personally I enjoy difficulty 6 and 7 the most. And playing on 7 (on other mission types) I've enjoyed the changes and noticed way fewer bile titans and chargers.
love seeing people in the comment section try to give tips on how your messing up cuz starting or restarting the silos causes a bug breach everytime...yet bugs spawn out of nowhere, patrols are walking around and find you, shit in the video we saw TWO titans just walking around and just "stumbled" unto the mission area? I don't think people understand that when the weapons we drop with have limited ammo with shit dps so those are a nerf, going into higher difficulties negates any and all upgrades you get cuz 10% gets ousted by 100% all the time just saying, and the sheer number of mobs there are with LIMITED AMMO is ridiculous.  not to mention when the devs ask us for our opinion and we tell them to just buff some primary's and their response is SKILL ISSUE?? I'm sorry to them and the minority who pander to the devs saying everything is fine and agree its a skill issue for sure don't play above medium.  I'm sorry but when people who are making data and showing clips of this problem in the game but the devs and the bandwagoners  say its a skill issue I mean come on... ALL WE WANT IS WEAPON BUFFS LIKE WTF IN A PVE GAME IS THAT REALLY SO HARD WHEN YOU CAN CHANGE THE SPAWNS IN A SNAP AND WE HAVE TO DEAL WITH IT LIKE WTF!
It's honestly not that hard, literally just run away as a team together. When you all running different directions essentially pick up more and more patrols which I think is what's causing all of the Titan spawns. But if you run together in the same direction that doesn't happen I literally play a majority of that games on difficulty 7, 8, 9
This much pressure basically makes the higher difficulties impossible to play with randoms. You'd need to coordinate every aspect of your game to give yourself the remotest of chances, loadouts, buffs, strategy, then there's in game comms aswell. The devs need to accept that you can't have a game that's difficult for a team of 4 hardcore sweats AND accessible to a bunch of randoms at the same time. Something's gotta give here.
In a horde shooter enemies honestly have no business being able to score headshots with melee on you (given you cannot headshot them in turn with melee FFS give us bayonets or swords). The fact their attacks do not even have to collide with your head makes it feel more like a percentile roll on a crit table rather than a "skill issue." You cannot simple avoid getting hit in the head, even enemies that cannot even reach your head can hit your head by nibbling you ankles.
when the high difficulty's are high difficulty
Bro you just self snitched that you don't know how the spawning mechanics work.
its dificulty 8 , what did you exepct?
Working as intended, obv.
The fact a bug can jump a mile away from you and slap you in the face and you lose half of your health is stupid. So many bad mobbing mechanics.
The problem with videos like this, is that its made by an ignorant.   First, you go in a difficulty 8 mission, after it started, with NO idea what to do. Maybe try first on lower difficulty, instead of just blaming your lack of knowledge on the game.  Second, you and your group actually take out the bile titans, and at NO point do I see too many of them at the same time. Yes, they come one after each other, but thats how its meant to be on diff 8? Isnt it?   geesh....
Oh my god the whining and bitching never ends. I need to take you off my algorithm
GiT gud scrub.... lol play lower difficulty then ?
yeah, do better! Playing at hard and complaining that it  is hard is stupid. Go play easy mode if you want easy.
What if there doing it on perpose in order to have a reason to bring in the new termanid enemy spawn?
skill issue
I did this mission with some mates last night on Suicide. First time was a bit like this, absolute mess, hardly did any of the silos. Second time we adjusted, realised we needed mechs which we didn't have on the first try as well as some defensive turrets etc, and we completed the mission pretty easily in the end. Also realised, which is pretty obvious, that you can't split off and do the silos, you need all hands on deck per silo.  So to some degree I think you can't put a blanket response saying the spawn rates are broken just on one attempt like this.
We are doing drastically different things, the tactics for the new TCS is a radically different puzzle for stratagem usage. Using smoke to cover the TCS building first and then activating it will avoid the insanity that is triple bug breaches. 2 manning the TCS at helldive is possible because it diverts what does spawn towards the players and not the tower
This guy comes into the video like "I don't know what this new mission is about" and expects to be taken seriously xD
Yea I just play deep rock galactic because I like having fun
This is fun right? We're having fun right? this is good fair balanced game design right?
If you're struggling on harder difficulties after the update, I have found valuable info that will help:  Git gud and actually try different strategies and weapons. And also acknowledge that there are 9 difficulties for a reason...you aren't meant to beat EVERY one of them easily on the first try
One neat trick for taking down bile titants is the emplacement shield dome.  The get aggrod towards it and they can end up spitting right ontop of the shield (the shield reflects that damage because their head is so close to it, thus  the BT kills itself)
You're spawning the breaches/titans by trying to rush the objective. Slow down and pay attention to what's actually happening instead of trying to blitz through an objective.
You're just stupid.  You keep restarting the mission when there's still an existing wave, if you didn't do that, you'd have less problems, this is a problem on your end, not the games.
i like how every comment is pointing out skill issue
Literally how i want the game the be, chaos, anyone complaining about it is basically a gigantic pussy
na it pissed me off too that instead of doing more to the game they just made it harder like wtf... make more difficulties. launch was great the balance crap broke the guns and made them suck
That's not to bad.
“The cope is endless”  Dude, cmon man. This is an intellectually lazy video. It was your first attempt which is why you didn’t understand that activating each silo spawns a wave. That’s why tf it was “harder than helldive”, you and your team didn’t understand the mechanics of the brand new mission and ended up fucking yourselves by activating terminals before the previous terminals wave had been cleared.   It might be nice to have some kind of description in the mission select scene that informs you of it but like…me and my friends figured it out after like 10 min. It comes off super embarrassing and just whiny to preemptively try to discredit any criticisms as “coping”.   Arrowhead does make bad balancing decisions (like civ rescue missions last month were just FUCKED) but after playing 3-4 of these missions on difficulty 7 and 8, I think they’re pretty fun.   Think you made a shitty video, sucks that it has so many views. Wish you had played even one or two more games before uploading
so the changes, changed nothing?
Wow OMG why is it so difficult I mean it's just the second highest difficulty and I mean it just a bile titan the strongest unit for the bugs. Impossible 😭😭😭.(This is sarcasm like no shit bruv. Its not meant to be easy)😂
This is so easy to fix (hard to execute, but easy to understand). Everything on the map should be pre-existing, and engagement should be a product of emergent gameplay, rather than spawns that spawn spawns that spawn. The fundamental core of how mobs spawn is broken.
I feel like there just aren’t good enough stratagems in the game yet to deal with difficulty 7-9
It was a new mission and you were a giant noob. Your whole team was. Git gud helldiver.
No wonder why we are loosing the weekly challenge.
Those sentient bugs really hate termicide😂
I feel that having played this mission type for the first time (without knowing that each time a silo is activated it spawns more bugs) is an unfair foundation to mark this update as one "that's destroying the game." Granted, you're playing on 8, and I played this one on 7 today, so we have a different view difficulty-wise; but I'm saying that you're judging too quickly and too harshly.
Yes dear god bring back launch version!!
The trick is to do the silo's one by one as a group and make sure you finish of everything before starting the next one or atleast get the big guys out of the way. If you want you can even delay a bit between silo's wait for cd's restock ammo etc.
Been doing this mission a few times on dif 7, got hole of 2 bile titans per game. Been chiling)
I carnt tell if you just got unlucky. ive played 2 diff 8 termicide missions today and i dont think ive had more than 5 on either of them XD
We need reinforecments
dude your gonna need a spear. it one shot bile titan with headshots
1000yd stare
one of the most hard thing to do now will be dealing with the devs MASSIVE EGO, because its not their fault the game went from 10 to 4, its something else, they wont reverse it because ti wasnt their fault
I usually play difficulty 8, but with these new termicide missions I’ve been forced to play difficulty 5
bit of a skill issue i think
Honestly, this is a team issue and you are playing a mode you should have tested out before jumping into the second hardest difficulty. Sure, I am only playing Hard solo with these changes, but if you know what you are doing, it's not that rage inducing.
Yeah hopefully dude sees these comments and changes his video title lol
Dev need a bug limit and spawn cool down
I think a possible fix for this is, introducing a new kind of bug that sits between bile titan and charger (in power scaling sense). I totally agree that game was easy, but spawning more biles are not the way tbh
Yeah I don’t quite get it. The game was so much fun at launch and that’s the sandbox where friends were begging each other to come play. Now they keep making things tedious for no apparent reason. Guess they prefer helldiver 1 player counts. I know their motto is a game for everyone is a game for no one but they were seriously close at launch.
Spears are really useful. It takes one to bio titan face to kill. Only issue is the lock on needs work but im sure itll be fixed at some point.
This is why I hate the "cloud plays" guy. He licks their ass any chance he gets.
Oh no hard levels are actually hard
what was actually wrong in this mission? because it was not bad at all how you did it + better focus on mission could be vital  ..)
Why are chargers climbing on things now. I've noticed they're not getting stopped by walls as much because they're straight up climbing them.
This number of Titans makes me think it's a narrative choice and you're meant to lose the planet.
There is a thing with bile titans at the moment, I got at least 9-10 on a exterminate small map, cant really run in there. Spawn rate aside, difficulty 7 can be handled with tesla towerson the entry points and ems mortar. But yea, thats alot of bile titans, to the point it breaks the setting and immersion to the point you dont feel surprised by a titan but by the number of them...
I did a difficulty 7 yesterday. Slowly and carefully staying near my team and providing fire support without falling behind. We did fine. Difficulty 5 seems more fun. The only *problem* right now, apart from bad dev communication, is that you need to push all the way to 7 to get super samples. I don't think the game is unplayable. I don't think the game is unfun. But I do feel like it was more fun before this whole balance mess. I was a lot happier.
I say they leave the levels the same but make it so that the super rare samples are available at other levels
The fact that you play TA music means I cannot stop watching your vids! Keep up the excellent work!!
the silo takes friendly fire , I use the tesla tower and mech
Best method I’ve found is spamming smokes.  4 players with smokes, rotating who’s deploying their smokes. Player’s who aren’t currently throwing smokes should be shooting the bugs to help pull the aggro
As much as I don't disagree with a lot of the complaints, like there were way too many heavies for you to deal with using the ammo reasonably available to you, you're asking for challenging missions by playing on such high difficulties. There are 7 lower difficulties that allow you to more reasonably control the level of challenge, and regardless of the number of heavy spawns, 8 and 9 are the highest difficulties and they're going to kick your ass, especially in pub games where nobody is coordinating. Yes, they need to address the number of bile titans and chargers that can spawn, but a level 8 pub match should never be a cakewalk. I don't think you should be able to spawn in on difficulty 8 of 9 with uncoordinated pubs and have everything go your way. 5 or 6, maybe.
this looked like a 6-8 man requirement, but its a 4 man mission.
i agree it was rather good the first 2 weeks it felt balances the railgun did as its description entails the bugs tho can be overwhelming if unchecked in higher difficulty was do-able with a 3 man team once the nuff the railgun to a pee shooter its became hard to keep armor enemies at bay. plus the delay in strats from a couple secs to a few for an airstrike for whatever reason. i get the dont want metas builds the simple solution would have been to buff everything but what is meta and then scale it down little bits at a time to get the balance. what upsets me the most is the dev starting crap with the player like really thats no a smart move as if you piss of the wrong gamer  (who may happen to be a great hacker) can mess up your work. i would find that funny hope it make the devs humble from here on out. i still like the game its just to much going on and the only think keeping me in the fight is the arc thrower as ammo hard to get in fights that gun doesnt need it.
Me casually helldive difficulty helldive
For everyone blaming it on the game mode and activating the silos you're wrong...They ruined this game with the recent updates.... Helldivers difficultly used to be playable and fun and actually beatable... I try everyday to get back on and play and all my friends and I lost interest.... Sure they deserve credit for acting fast with updates and fixes however more then 60% of the player base is in agreement that the game was more fun around launch then now... Half the primary's and secondary's are still trash and pointless to use and the heavy weapon stratagems needed to kill heavy enemies are stupid and all require a backpack slot. Plus the mechs they added aren't even enough to keep up with all the endless spawns from bug breachers
I think this is jus the termicide missions though and that makes sense to me. I have yet to lose one yet.  You went into an unkown mission at lvl 8. Learn how to beat your mission before you go hard on a mission you don't even know yet. I've done helldiver difficulty with these missions, yes, there are a lot of heavies.  IF YOU DON'T WANT TO PLAY HARD, DONT PLAY ON IMPOSSIBLE DIFFICULTY!!! Play on hard, play on challenging. The missions are more than winable, they are difficult and that is the point.
You did all you could. Highly entertaining.
this missiontype makes me wish i had titanfalls II mechs in the game lol
"farm jakilo"
Nerf railgun - DONE Add more heavy - DONE
Didn't a dev come out and say it wasn't a glitch that the mech rocket will kill you and that it's deliberate?
maybe stealth is more needed, i mean dont the npc's respond to sight/sounds?
To be fair that is a hard mission
My equipment loadout keeps resetting to the default weapons. Started after the update.
I keep re reading some of the things arrowhead has said and how they didn't expect people to be beating the high levels so easily, I wonder if they're doing it on purpose for narrative reasons or possibly and weirdly maybe doing it to reduce player numbers so the servers aren't stressed and people don't burn out on the game before some good updates come
I'm sure there's already 4,395 comments saying the same thing, but you need to clear waves and not do friendly fire damage to silos in that mission type. Everytime you reset it opens more and more breaches which in turn gives more and more chances for titan and charger spawns
Stop spamming the silos. They spawn a bug breach every time they run. Clear the map the best you can, wait for your cooldowns, then start it again.   Use mortars and mechs, it's doable. I've done the mission in all the planets in the major order with randoms at level 9.   Yes it's extremely ridiculous how many enemies spawn, but I think the challenge is great. You don't NEED to clear it at level 9. It's only if you want the challenge.
I did a 2 man termicide mission on d9. I say you have a skill issue. We had like 3 bile titans until the very end where there was a solid 5-8 on extract, where i kited them skillfully. Dont shoot at patrols bruv, you just suck.  Also, how can you have no idea on what the mission is? Can you not deduce the objective? I figured it out first try.  Disgrace to super earth.
You are misinforming everyone. Your team mate was starting the silo’s repeatedly. When you start a silo, it calls in 2-4 bug holes. If the silo gets too damaged you have to start again. If you start again while you still have heaps of bugs around, this video is what it looks like.  Focus on one silo at a time. If you need to restart a silo, wait until you finish clearing the previous bug spawns. Please edit and re upload the video once you’ve figured out the mission properly.
That looked extremely difficult
They need to introduce a game mechanic that asks the group if they want to be pulled out of the match when the party leader decides to leave. Especially if you're playing with randoms.
Funny how you damage the silo while shooting the bugs!!! What else should i do lmao!!! How do u not shoot the silo if bugs are all over it??
No that was absolutely insane. I’m happy sitting where I’m at
Quit whining.
Yaaaa this new mission is the only one that I felt is much easier to do solo than with teams since at least I won't be mindlessly triggering new spawns every damn minute
I've heard people complain about the same issue with too many things spawning. Most troll responds with "Skill issue". Sorry my guy we're casuals. We want a fun game not a frustrating one. I play on tutorial difficulty lol
random left (host left with everybody)
Skill issue, dev said, use your stratagment
It's definitely a team issue. Why would you keep pressing the same button that forces a breach every time lol
Some people like the the impossible to win feeling. Why not just play a lower level?
Try doing just the missions to exterminate bugs it gets insanely funny with how many titans
That's pretty wild when they specifically said they were dialing down heavy spawns, wonder what happened.  I don't think we need to revert the game the way it was on launch, not at all.  I just think they need to nail down this spawn issue.  This is clearly not what they intended, it goes exactly in the opposite of what they announced.  It would be great if we'd get a fix for the PS5 host damage inconsistency as well, as that's been a point of contention with a lot of people who've figured it out.  It would be a good thing for them to talk about publicly, will we expect them to fix the values in favor of the PC damages (10-20 railgun rounds to the face of a Bile Titan), or the PS5 damages (1-2 railgun rounds to a Bile Titan's face)?  Hopefully, something comfortably in the middle.
buys >>>>>HELL<<<<<<divers 2 game is hell complains
Helldivers 2 is a bad game simple I regert purchasing it since I played some time just to realize that my skill level is much lower than this game requires and there is only some fun on medium level difficulty where it's impossible to get other samples than the common ones ... game is broken for me. Any suggestions? On level 4 chalenging the Bile Spewer are terible designed since they one shot you and you have 5 going to you at the same time.
Lil bros skill issue is showing
The beauty of the game at launch was that It was hard but didn't feel impossible. And it really did feel casual to a sense. It still has this energy but in the higher level difficulties, it truly gets insane. I think to counter this they really need to introduce new enemy types at the top end instead of just sending more chargers and bile titans.
This mode spawns more enemies when the tower button is pressed, people are resetting it without clearing the first waves, other modes don't seem to be getting nearly as many titans
I did a diff 6 Termicide last night, and there were 9 or 10 Bile titans (and endless hordes of everything else). Without making any judgement whether or not it's "too much", Termicides seem to be intentionally very high intensity.
So you're playing on impossible difficulty and you're asking them to nerf it sense its to hard? I'd argue for more inline teamwork to make the impossible, possible.
dudes upset that the hardest difficulty is difficult xD
You need to adapt and stop crying.
guys, lets be honest here- EVEN IF this happens all the time- you gotta admit its a HELL OF A CHALLENGE GUYS, I SAY LET IT BE LIKE THIS MORE OFTEN  PLAY EASY MODE to REST  PLAY HARD for a CHALLENGE  PLAY SUICIDE+ FOR THE INSANE STRUGGLE  Please it hurts me to see people complain about difficult mechanics or changes to the game- i think 20 bile titans is super cool!  YESTERDAY i played HELLDIVE with 4 new buddies of mine- we only played for 1 mission together beforehand and then hopped into HELLDIVE and we had a RELATIVELY easy time dealing with the Terminids. WE ALL DIED BECAUSE THE SHUTTLE BUGGED BUT IT WAS OKAY! nobody raged we all did our part and it was nice playing together trying our might on HELLDIVE and sacrificing ourselves for the mission... so stop raging. GUYS STOP COMPLAINING and start playing- sometimes u get SWARMED its a FXCKING HOARD OF GIANT BUGS THAT HAVE TUNNELS SPANNING ENTIRE PLANETS WHAT DO YOU EXPECT? YOU WANT IT TO BE A WALK IN THE PARK? U WANNA "FARM YOUR SAMPLES?" "GRIND YOUR MEDALS?" "RANK UP FAST?" FOR WHAT? ITS PVE PLAY EASIER TO FARM DEAL WITH IT GUYS- ive been so understanding in the past- catering to both sides but certain creators muddy the waters sometimes unintentional and make certain guns and stratagies seem "BAD" we really do need less of that- so respectfully ermz please, i like your content but stop treating the game as if its meant to be enjoyable at all levels and stop treating every gun as if it has to meet a certain criteria to be good- let me ask you this- if you had a gun pointed at you and your only weapon was a bunch of sand in your hand- would you not use it to survive? even though sand is a TERRIBLE weapon when compared to what was pointed at you- you still managed to use it effectively... translate that to helldivers with stratagems weapons etc. just get into the role of a soldier that sometimes has to use shitty weapons. this game is not a competition so balance is not really a factor unless the entire game is unplayable. the last few difficulties are meant to be hard. accept it and move on. stop making the DEVS change THEIR VISION!
I dont really understand what your issue is. This game is made so that missions that dont have much walking to do, as the objectives are close by, spawn a shitton of enemies at you.  If you do an evac mission, it will be similar.  also the silos spawn bug breaches, when you trigger them and they get triggered a lot of times..
Also these missions are meant to be like this. It’s an area defense where you’re meant to struggle to keep up with the number and qualities of enemies. Entire point of these pesticide missions
Play on Helldive it’s much worse!!!! I feel feel like they are trolling us with this new update. It is worse it sucks I agree with you brother
You are activating devices to eliminate the increased bug forces concentration on all those 4 planets, else the whole sector is lost. Go figure the stakes are really high, helldiver. So go spread democracy on those hostile planets, full of hazards ready to turn you to pieces. Defend the silos with the blessed power at your disposal.
Stop crying, choose the level suiting for you, just because you are good at shooters or anything, doesnt make you good at this game... Look at the first one. It was hard as FUCK and i dared to play at Helldive difficulty.  So stop biotching and choose your level.. I have no problems with a good sqaud playing helldive. perido. I hate that this game is so mainstream.
I live for the level 8 scramble
The Drop Pod falling without controls is definitely a thing. I have the perk to make it move it more, but it only actually works 1/3 of the time; whereas the other 2/3 of time the pod is completely stationary as i fall to the ground.
The best way to play this game is just to go with the flow, stay out of social media and videos that talk about updates and just play. Throw everything at me in game, I don’t care, we can handle it
You guys weren't playing the objective correctly.
I mean it’s the hardest difficulty. It’s supposed to be absurd. Even if it’s not working as intended if they levels are still playable then you just step up to the challenge or back down to a different difficulty.
6 minutes in and all this video is a recount of a round in Helldivers 2, what's the point of this video again?
outside of fixing some bugs, this game was perfect right at launch. Balance patches are just hopscotching around trying to find a solution to a problem that never existed.
I have never seen so many people blindly defending the state of a game, saying it’s totally fine. Helldivers 2 is an awesome game. Helldivers 2 also has some very rough glitches and balance issues that show up on the highest difficulties the most. TWO THINGS CAN BE TRUE AT ONCE!!!
How many Chargers and BT do you want in your 8 and 9 ? 7 is already less and rare. I'm just tired of hearing people complaining while me and some random easily completed the silo mission without any complains. At this point, just gonna say, don't play the game at the moment, or at least play 5-6 operation, will be good for kids who does not want hard challenges, 7-9 is there for a challenge. Its annoying as the day goes by. Grow up.
This is the epitome if failing upward. Every time you guys activate the silo battery it creates a ton of noise. You then fail to keep the silo stable which makes more noise. And instead of clearing the mobs and trying again you re activate the silo and start the process over.  The game does wonders to teach us about noises and how they attract breaches especially around objectives. And instead of thinking for a half second that maybe you were missing something...? You just quickly put together a video exclaiming that the patch is bad?
Undemocratic you did not read your mission briefing your willingness to dive into a nest with no regard for your life is admirable yet doing so without knowing the objective is borderline treasonous. You put your fellow helldivers at risk. Think on the consequences of your sickening act of negligence I will,. You understand have to contact the Ministry of Truth over this. May freedom judge you fairly.
The problems is obviously a skill issue, and the fact you run over used meta weapons like the eagle 500kg/air strike. Just git gud like all these players on Twitter who never even unlocked these easymode meta crutches and still solo helldive with ease.
The balance felt so much better on launch. A satisfying godlike feeling as a high level playing anything below difficulty 5, a challenge but still fun at 7 and absolute punishment at 9. This hasn't been about any of the weapon nerfs for a while. The enemies have just gotten waaaaaaay too hard and its definitely turning players away from the game. The hunters have become one of the most annoying bugs, if they didn't slow you it wouldnt be as bad, but they can 2-tap you ridiculously fast,  chargers are tough but managable, but bile titans seriously need the weak spot while its spewing. It also makes sense that if you shoot it in the mouth, you clog the flow and it blows up from the inside (phantom menace style😂).
Man, I gotta say all your videos feel super negative in general, but to each his own, I've personally really enjoyed every patch so far, loving my experiences
everyone saying "u kno that hit n tha button spawns moar bugz" completely missed the point or just flat out didn't watch the video to the end.
Guess you’ll have to play at a lower difficulty until you can do that?
There needs to be a more effective way to deal with the numbers of enemies that spawn per wave be it shorter cooldowns on the stragims, harder hitting stragims, a better way to target with the more "presice" stragims or harder hitting wepons if they are going to keep the spawn rates at the current levels.
Hey Ermz I was just playing 7-8 for the first time and I was running the EAT-17 and I could’ve sworn I was able to headshot one tap a bile titan twice. Although after those two instances I wasn’t able to replicate. Have you and or my fellow democracy enjoyers ran into this?
Bile Titan tips: Break the pods underneath it. Underneath it, you can chill.  Still a problem, that's insane.
I mean call me crazy, but difficulty 8 is labelled “Impossible”. This is why I play in the 4-7 range typically. :)
I don't mind the highest difficulties being only for the most skilled players. But why are Super Samples still limited to difficulties 7 and above?  My group's enjoyment of this game has only gotten progressively worse at each difficulty past 5.
I think the amount of big bugs makes it funnier, ima just say skill issue.
Screw the patches.  They could've left the guns alone and guess what.......Added a new difficulty level or 2 or 3 damnit.  Problem solved.  Also loving how this channel is growing fast as shit.  You're the only one I'm watching nowadays.  95% of youtubers covering this game are delusional and suffering from Stockholm Syndrome.
"When in difficult country, do not encamp. In country where high roads intersect, join hands with your allies. Do not linger in dangerously isolated positions. In hemmed-in situations, you must resort to stratagem. In desperate position, you must fight." - Sun Tzu
This is horrid crazy. Reminds me of the first time I was doing missions at level 7, but this is way worse. Thankfully I no longer have that lack of skill and have acquired the ability to not go over level 5.
So fed up of kids crying online lol get good or drop the difficulty. Me and my friend finished 2 full operations on Helldivers with complete randoms lol if youre not good enough to get it done thats ok, but it doesnt mean everyone needs to have their experience nerfed
I had the exact same experience on difficulty 7 last night. There was no possible combination of weapons and strategies that would have allowed us to deal with all that
i think the update was pretty good, chargers are easier to deal with so them mass spawning isnt really a problem, but they fixed the spawn rate anyway i havent had too many problems with spawns. bile titans are incredibly easy to deal with you can 3 shot one with arc thrower two shot it in the head with any missile type projectile. on top of that 99% of the time they chase one person its takes literally less than 2 brain cells to kite them and dodge their attacks. people need to go to easier difficulty im not trying to have helldive a walk in the park. its meant to be chaotic and difficult, dont like it play something else.
holy fuck the baby crying from this community must actualy be a milestone
Skill issue. Definitely just the mission type you play, and how your playing it. Those spawn rates are fucked, but not like normal missions. Every time the button is pressed it gives you bug breaches. Stop pressing it, your actively overwhelming yourself and then complaining.
terminids are so free tho even on diff 9 as 3+ppl, incendiary breaker was never good either. if you dont have the proper loadout you shouldnt expect to win ez even on diff 8, i know it was your first termicide so loadout cant be taken into too much account except for the trash breaker, also, if this was on PS5 its probably just on PS that its not working correctly, been playing fine on steam on PC, no bugged spawns
war is never easy. for democracy we shalltake on any challenge, any army, or any enemy.
Difficulty level is an option for balancing 🤷🏽‍♂️
They just need to add things harder than bile titans and make them spawn much less (Hive lord)
The random rage quitting and kicking after busting your ass for 20 minutes is also apparent at higher difficulties lol.
im sorry but i play lvl 9 with tons of randoms.. you arnt good at this game. you need to stay in the 6 to 7 range. stop making content against teh game being hard just because you are bad.
I blame the d2 people coming to play and whine about hd2. That is my d2 community and I know them well enough to call them out on their bs. I’m ascendant 1 and I solo dungeons I’m top % player and I’m on console controller on a 20+ yo gamer tag. I’m legit as legit gets just a high apm player. Hd2 was great at launch, sure. Certain things were a bit underwhelming like the launcher and recoiless but it felt well built. Rn it kind of feels like d2 after years of d2 community whining. Endless spawn rates instead of fixed, needed builds and weapons, and just a sentiment of disappointment from the casual gamers… I’m more of a casual sweat. 4hrs min a day. I’m usually the silent player but recently with how d2 has been cucked I’ve been getting more vocal. Point is, there are skill issue people and get gud people vying for control of how the game plays. I’m just glad Joel is putting us higher % in our place, well…. At least the snow bunnies with a fragile ego 😂 me I’m just fighting for democracy, I’m doing my part 🤣
I played the Helldiver 1 and, for sure, the game is very much enjoyable at higher difficulties (I'll say lv >9) even with random lobbies. However, I really don't like the idea that Arrowhead applied the same recipe from Helldiver 1 to Helldiver 2 like right now. In Helldiver 1, it's top down. Meaning that all of your bullets, projectiles will guarantee as critical hit against all type of enemies (of course, charger and bile need to be aim in their weak spots as well). However, in Helldiver 2, it's 3 dimensionals space, it's really hard to aim for their weak spots (I'm fine with my aim, just an opinion).And second, the fact that they reduced the amount of bile titan and charger spawn per bug breach but increases the amount of Hunter and Roaches. Meaning there will be more enemies, more bug breach, and of course, more bile titan/charger as well. I don't really know if Arrowhead actually play test their ideas on higher difficulties but without a well communicated lobby, it's almost inpossible to win these type of missions.
News just in, hard difficulties are still hard just like they were in Helldivers 1 when NOBODY complained about it because we understood that was the point, more at 11
Hi, not to be the exact guy you mentioned that is coping but I am :) I play on diff 7 and on that level the titans were manageable for me alone. I definitely think the issue with this run was the stratagem picks. Given the fact that chargers and titans are incredibly tanky I usually go in with orbital cannon and 500kg just to take out the large threats as soon as possible.  And also just like you said, better team cohesion would have made it easier but also yes, randos and no one should be sweating in qp I understand fully. Part of me wants to believe this was just a terrible rng check and you got unlucky but another part of me says that's just how diff 8 and 9 are. But that's also why I don't play on 8 or 9. I don't want to have to sweat every time I play and I'd only do 8 and 9 with a team that has coms either in game or discord. Like the devs said, it's supposed to be difficult, we are nameless soldiers, not the main character.
Starting to think this guy just wants to complain😂
Hard difficulty is hard WAAHHHHHH!!!
This video really embodies the problem with the playerbase.  I went onto a level 7 Termicide mission and got slaughtered because I didn't know how the mission type worked.  Then I thought "hey, maybe I should learn how this works", tried it on level 4, and now I can do level 7/8 and it actually feels COMFY.  Towers almost never need to be reactivated.  If people stopped smashing their faces into their problems and actually thought about their loadout, team synergy, tactics, and were actually willing to LEARN then there wouldn't be near as much complaining about difficulty.
1- i HATE how they took off the ability to go to high ground with the pods 2- the spawn is SO messed up rn, it was already perfect when the game came out, what they shouldve done was keep the spawns the same, and just add new enemies, making more and more enemies on the game with the updates  3- the weapons are all so shit rn 4- the primary weapons are useless 5- the strategems are almost useless 6- we get one shoted by everything  ive NEVER seen a game mess up so bad after being a top seller on steam that fast
Had a mission just now where we had 24 Hulks spawn when attempting to gather soil data.
Ok, this mission was total cluster fuc, 21 bile titans for a single mission is a bit too much, but to be honest you were all spread throughout the whole map and you were aggroing mobs from the 3 silos at once. Really can't blame the game for that one.
OK, I get the anger at what I just saw. That was pure insanity however you look at it. The devs need to consider more than just 'add more massive bugs' when they're planning the distribution of bug types during missions. They need to consider how an actual hive would work. What are chargers for? I would assume defense. What are bile titans for? Unlike chargers, I would say digging hive tunnels with their acid; same as the other spitter types. So would a hive of huge size even have a need for that many bile titans? Most likely not... and so there wouldn't BE that many. Only enough to keep expanding the hive in small areas. That many bile titans would require so much food and other resources just to keep alive that they would strip the hive of food for the other bugs, and so wouldn't exist in those numbers.  At the same time... isn't this kind of chaos and over the top stuff what people playing those levels are looking for? I've seen posts where people were claiming they wanted that kind of insanity, only easier so they don't die so often... and that seems counter intuitive. Either you want the insanity, or you play a level lower down so it's a little less insane. Yes, all levels should be playable, and if I were a high end player, I would challenge the devs to play their own game and show everyone how it could work; they'd learn the hard way and be able to make adjustments. But if anything, I feel like the main thing that needs balancing is damage. If they sent that many bile titans and you could effectively kill them as long as you had the skill, it wouldn't be quite so ridiculous. Yet for some reason, the weapons are being kept to a surprisingly weak level of damage, and are whole universes of inaccurate, while the enemies are absolute nightmare bullet sponges. Can't even imagine what a bot mission on that level would be like...
This is a lack of skill within the group, on this mission resetting the silo spawns more waves of enemies, if your not finished clearing out the first wave from the failed silo attempt then you will be overwhelmed. Ammo is plentiful on this map so there is no excuse for running out of recoilless ammo. If you don't want it to seem impossible, don't play on impossible.
Major skill issue
XD Oh you are just precious and adorable with your little clickbait title.   The most I see you fighting at one time is 3. That IS reduced from 4+ I normally see on Difficulty 8.   Same with the Chargers. I only see you fighting 2 at the same time at most. Normally you see 5+.   I will agree that the BT's might need a durability check. Only the Chargers got their armor modified.   Stop being so negative. This IS an improvement over last week.   Also the TCS missions go as thus, activate the central tower. Then go around to each of the three batteries and activate them. Defend them while they charge up. Once all three are charged up, go back to extract point and activate the primary terminal. Then extract.
The pod control is definitely a problem. It either doesn’t let you control it or you get dropped so far away from the beacon, you can’t maneuver far over enough to hit the titan your teammate was aiming for. Super bugged. Also your guy might not have rage quit. Since the update I’ve been getting countless server disconnects and crashes.
To deal with the bile titans/chargers on HD you just gotta bait them away, that’s how my team ended up doing the last battery
Quit complaining about everything for content ffs.
Going in blind to a new mission, teammates muted. Never asks what to do in chat. People slamming the silo button every time it turns green spawning more breaches. Has no clue why big bugs are spawning... Proceeds to complain while still not communicating with team.
Stomped this mission on 7 yesterday with my friends who were all under level 20. Idk.
Playing at level 8 with 4 people and complaining about the game throwing more armor enemy at you given the nerf to their armor and everyone can pack 2 mechs per person, 2 500kg per person (can be used infinitely)    What, you want only 5 Hunters, 2 Warrior and 1 Brood per wave only ?
“Make the game harder” “the game is too hard” we’ll get there eventually guys
At this point, I think they’re wanting us to use the new mechs to defend the silos, anything after level seven it’s the only way you can complete these missions
I think the problem with the new way that they have enemies spawn doesnt actually do what they think it does to reduce spawn rates.   So we've got more of the little guys in a mission right? We're supposed to have reduced charger and BT spawn rates as a result. Problem is is that all of the little guys, save for the Nursing and Bile Spewers, seem to be capable of calling in reinforcements. The little guys can call up to chargers in size from what I've seen, and the warrior on up size can call in something as large as a bile titan. If a hive commander calls in reinforcements (along with its normal warrior entourage that it calls in on aggro) its the most likely to summon a bile titan, and in my own experience does nearly every single time.   So now the problem is that we've got more of the little guys, especially hunters, who make it difficult to control everything. I find myself running away from massive hordes of hunters to avoid being overwhelmed , which makes CCing a swarm extremely difficult. Warriors, Guards, and Commanders all spawn in greater numbers too which increases the odds of one of them calling for backup. This eventually cycles into the same problem that we had before, but now its just come about in a different fashion.   I think the only way to actually solve this would be to have a hard limit on the number of large armored enemies that could be on the field at any one time. Using a point-based system could work; similar to what games like Risk of Rain 2 do. BTs are worth like, 5 points. Chargers 2, etc. Then there can only be like, 15 points worth of heavy armor on the field at any given time and there's a set time between when the max point value drops from 15 before the director can call in any more heavy armor. That kind of thing could help with the seemingly endless stream of chargers and BTs and let the players catch up even in the most dire of situations. __________________________________________________________________________  With this particular mission I think enemy spawning works a little differently. While I have seen the little guys that wander around at the start try to call in reinforcements I cant say that I've seen any of them call in bug breaches mid wave. I'm also fairly convinced that pressing the silo button triggers 3 bug breaches to open every time and that there will always be 3 bile titans to start. This mission type is likely coded to keep spawning things until the silo either stops or reaches 100%, and those spawns dont seem to be affected by the recent changes to spawn rates.   Again, the above point system that I mentioned, along with the aforementioned cooldown could help solve the heavy armored bug issue, because that kind of craziness is only containable with something like the emp mortars, and I'd really like to be able to play 9 with randos and not have to be super extra meta sweaty to complete it.   IMO theres nothing wrong with giving your playerbase the ability to solo your highest difficulty and that's not something that the devs should discourage.  Edit:  Another thought I had:   Come to think of it, this might also be what causes the same issue to happen with bots on the civilian defense missions during planetary defenses. I betcha that both this and that mission use a different spawning system to what we typically find in a "normal" 40 minute mission.  It could be that the way that the enemies are currently coded isnt conducive to wave based defense missions, even if they do go off of the new spawn system. It feels like making it a wave based spawn system is just emulating the worst possible scenario for both races, and we all know that fighting both of them in other missions relies on being able to break line of sight and reengage when things get too hot.   The enemy structure and AI is just not designed for wave based spawning, and by having it do so in these two mission types completely bypasses any safety checks that would normally be in place to keep things from getting this nutty.
Won't lie, that shit was wack. But still you did everything you could to win that mission. There seems like a issue where difficulty 8 seems way harder than it should be.
I actually thought you guys were doing fairly well. Well except losing all your lives. You guys take of all major threats swiftly and kept the objectives alive.
The point of higher difficulties is to be difficult, and the highest difficulties should be nearly impossible to defeat and SHOULD require "sweaty" gameplay and team coordination to complete. The devs should not be expected to lower the difficulty to the standards of people who are playing solo with randoms. Obviously without any coordination 7-9 are going to be incredibly difficult given that it is a cooperative game.
I don't even play this game but damn that play by play narration had me dying. 11/10
Regardless of how the silo was probably being reset as people are pointing out, I'm not complaining that one particular mission set has made bugs more difficult for fully armed groups of 4. Looked kinda fun to not easily beat them tbh.
Do ONE tower at a time and stick together, if you fail a tower deal with the agro and breaches FIRST, then go back and try to complete the tower again.
I stopped playing after the meteor storm install. Ridiculous.
"My 500 kilo bomb does NOT do the job."
I find your lack of democracy and liberty disturbing. 😂😂😂
People keep saying that the bugs are spawned when you activate the battery towers (mistakingly called silos) - that's a lie. The bugs start spawning as soon as you're near them, so once again the strategy for when you fail is to run all the way to the oher side of the base and then back and hopefully you'll have a minute to set up again. Or you can just not play on difficulties above 5 because the developers clearly don't.
So...? In higher difficulty more big enemys are spawning?  Isnt that intended?  Thinking of the Title, it is absurd.
Mechs really need to deactivate shooting controls when you use the map.I've killed myself twice yesterday and keep wasting ammo when trying to look at the map and put mark.
So you can't focus on the mission targets. Seems like a skill issue
Ems mortar and orbital is great for stalling/stopping hoards.
20 bile titans over 18 minutes is too much to handle? For a defend mission? Thats like titans per person over 18 minutes..... you're playing lvl 8 difficulty, that shouldnt be impossible for a helldiver
the game needs to be FUN not  CHORE... for those NO LIFERS guess what ? it doesn't matter if you are "good" at the game you are still worthless/garbage in RL.. so your dumb "get good" or "skill Issue" comments are cancerous.. it sucks that 90% cant actively enjoy 7-9 difficulty respectively. I play in Helldive difficulty most of the day with PUGs and still complete it BUT it does feel like a chore and not fun. then when my friends log on and i drop it down to 7 or 8 it gets fun due to the fuckery/joking around plus what happens HENCE this video.. I'm with Ermz on this the game is not BALANCED at all. oh if you play on 6 and under please refrain from replying since those are baby levels.
awe big sad gamer complaining about balance.
seeing that you kept nuking your own battery its why it dragged on. your doing more damage to it than the bugs are lol. the new mission was not explained that great and needs some touch ups direction wise.
Your teammates keep hitting the silo...please do your research before making a video
The game was damn near perfect and they listened to the crybabies and ruined it for the real players. The bigger enemy’s SHOULD be hard to take down! If you can’t handle it lower your level until you get good. Now it’s nothing but a shit ton of little bugs that spawn out of thin air. They need to go back to the way it was
Many people have mentioned it but if you press the button you will just keep spawning waves.
12:32   You don’t have to be a sweaty esport pro.  Don’t want a tough game, queue level 5.  What is so fucking hard to understand?   Maybe some people like a struggle…
normal game for me lmao
The spawn rate looks perfectly normal I don't know what you're talking about.
How did you have so many 500kg bombs? I thought they run out after 2 with all ship upgrades
Had a similar experience on 8 when doing an ore scan mission. At one stage there were 7 biles up on map. I think there were around 20-25. Also had a teipple bile kill with 1x500kg bomb which was nice.
Soo...how is HD2 "so much worse than we thought" ?  Or is that blatant clickbait, as usual?  Don't play hard difficulties if you don't want it to be hard.
Skill issue, you weren’t playing democratically enough.
How did you get access to this footage? I thought The League of Galactic Security (LOGS for short) confiscated this footage. This is TREASON for leaking Classified footage. The punishment is unpatriotic death by old age.
That seems like a fun time to me. There's 9 difficulties. The top one being impossible doesn't bother me
The whole beginning explanation of the bile titan shenanigans sounds like that copy pasta of the confederate home owner protecting his home with grape shot and black power firearms lol.
The recoilless still seems like absolute garbage to me. Congrats, it now has two uses, one of which never seemed to have mattered.  - The new one an easy charger kill.  - The redundant one is shooting down dropships. Even if it crashed, devestators were still alive.   And the recoilless needs ages to kill something from the automatons, sometimes not even killing a scout strider in one and needing two shots for a hulk, which is great at first, but you can two shot with any decent penetrating gun to the weak spot, and one shot with a charged railgun snipe. Even the flamethrower seems nicer for killing chargers and you can kill other groups of enemies with it.  Edit: I guess bile titans can be oneshot by it, maybe be a little more useful, would still struggle vs brood commanders and so on, which now spawn in masses on diff 4,5&6 and probably any higher difficulty  The recoilless also needs too much ammo for what it is. If they were to add 3 more shells so you have 9, it would be en par with the base railgun ignoring backpacks when it comes to chargers. The railgun still strips in 2 100% charge shots and thus can kill 10 in theory. Adding the supply backpack gives the railgun 60 shots in theory, so 30 chargers leg strips. It seems to be the 2nd worst backpack weapon, only being beaten by the spear because the recoilless actually does it's job better now. The spear may oneshot any large enemy and is guided, but it cannot be freely fired. Adding a supply pack to the railgun makes it much more chill and you can use grenades, it just seems like the perfect backpack.  Though the thing I hate the most is the missing splash. The railgun at least reloads quick and can quickly dispatch of enemies quickly because of it. The recoilless is immobile and can only be used once on a single target before you reload for 4 or 5 seconds. If it would oneshot any automaton up to a hulk, aa turrets and mortars it would be good for automatons. If it had shells like HESH for splash it would be great for terminids. I originally thought it had splash, but guess not. If only it had splash. Alternatively let the backpack carry 4 extra grenades for you, doubling the amount gained per supply. That would make its downside go away and a viable option in my opinion. There are simply better options for weapons, which require or benefit from a backpack
Agree, this is too much. I'm playing on Hard and sometimes the spawn rates and crowd control is impossible to handle. Also, what is wrong with all those cooldowns... they are too long. 😏
Well. But people say this is fine. Absolutely fine. No problem at all. If you have issues, lower the difficulty! Git gud! There are no bugs with these bugs. All fine. No no. It's you! Not the game! Not Arrowhead! Not precious Arrowhead!
Maybe if you were just a bit better, this would've been easy. I mean honestly, this is a certified get gud moment
i did this mission with only my cousin (on suicidal) it was intense, but it only took a little coordination. The bugs have only been this heavily spawned on this mission if you do the other missions the spawn rates are clearly changed. I feel like it is reasonable for the bugs to throw everything they have at us on a mission where we are literally are getting ready to quarantine and farm them. The game just takes a bit of forethought especially on higher difficulties.
PSA to anyone who will watch this video and get mad at the game/devs:  The issue is only on this specific mission, the rest of the game has pretty good balancing now. The silos that you need to protect spawn a bug breach every time you activate them, that’s why so many titans keep spawning.
Played a couple level 5 missions hoping to have a nice casual round with a friend. Instead it was an absolute shit show. Endless hunters, chargers, and bile spewers. The balance keeps getting worse. There's a difference between making a game challenging and making a game unplayable. Do they even have play testers?
They need to buff the javelin rockets
People are actually commenting stuff like "you are wondering about so many enemies but keep pressing the button 😂😂😂"  YEAH. Of course he is wondering! why is that even a thing? Shouldn't the spawns be like an Organic wave after wave system? how is anyone supposed to know "oh if you're having trouble with the new mission and want to restart the process as fast as possible, you're actually making it much worse"   that seems like the same people saying "the extract citizen automaton missions are not hard, you just have to send one person there to do it while the others fight the bots somewhere else" You shouldn't have to mess with a games gameplay mechanics in order to actually be able to do it. I ADORE everything about this game (Except for the 1000 crashes that I get with every new update and the devs STILL not adding in a rejoin mechanic making me lose hundreds of samples) but we have to be honest that the devs do, in fact, made (more) some balancing mistakes.
I played it for my first time last night on level 8 with randoms as well. I had the same experience, after a few goes we beat it.
Last night I played a helldive mission at level 14. My team of 3 had to take down over 20 bile titans and we ran out if reinforcements after the first 15 minutes. But somehow we managed to make it through the next 20 minutes of the mission. I wish there was a more efficient way of dealing with the titans since they pop up faster than I can call in AT
As soon as he said that he dropped and didn't know what the game mode even was, I discounted a lot of his points after that. It's an actual skill issue being presented as a legit problem of the game when it isn't 😅
Bruh im sorry but this looks fun af
I personally prefer the expandable anti tank over the recoiless.
It'S a SkIlL iSsUe, aIm foR thE hEAd
This seems to be a problem with the mission and the spawn rates it has with tons of breaches that spawn with the mission objective rather than because they were called by the bugs. The major problem looks like theres 1/4th chance of a bile spawning with every breach, so when the mission inherently has 60 breaches you'll get around 20 bile titans, and thats just impossible to deal with
Theres so much negativity here and it us unwarranted.  You have one single game which so far is an insane outlier, and was likely due to poor planning from the person doing the objectives. You admit yourself that you had no idea how the game mode worked, and it appears someone on your team was doing the objectives but was not communicating it.  Every time they start a battery it spawns enemies, every time. There is a chance that spawns a bile titan. This map is supposed to he difficult so expect difficulty.   Your teammate was spawning waves without end because they kept hitting the battery start button, leaving the rest of the team lost and disorganized.  Deep Rock Galactic has a similar and even more punishing spawn with their 'stay in zone' missions for pod recovery, where the pressure during it being active is constant. If you dont coordinate, you lose.  This video is needlessly divisive, I get that you dont want to be a promoter of "toxic positivity" but you don't have to produce *toxic negativity* either.   Taking your first clear mission on this map and uploading it while the wounds are still fresh is not going to produce a healthy outlook.  Also, might not be your thing but try the arc thrower. It ignores armor, so now you can 6-7 tap a charger to the head, takes like 5-6 seconds
The new game mode seriously isn’t fun at all on higher difficulty the silos just don’t have enough health
I’ve had no problem on Helldive difficulty. My loadout is the Anti-Tank guy with 110 Rocket Pods (For 1 shots on Bile Titans), Orbital Railcannon (For chargers if my EAT or RR are out), the next two are either Flamethrower/GL/Shield and EAT or Tesla Tower and RR/EAT. In this new TCS mission the Tesla tower is crazy, as it can lock off one side without damaging the tower and you don’t have to worry unless there’s a charger coming from there. Also, the EAT (2 shots Biles and 1 shots Chargers) is solid for this mission as well, since the RR’s ammo count won’t keep up with the heavy’s coming in so, you’ll want to use the hell pods themselves as a weapon and the short cooldown to take out the heavies, since the resupply has its long cooldown.
11:44 fuckin total annihilation music?  Hellllllll yaaaa
This Is why I like Fighting the bots over the Bugs Run into 2 tanks and a shit ton of chaff and heavys and you can have a good fight without it decending into a every man for themselfs sprinting around cluster fuck.
Bro, we almost failed getting the last tower up because they just keep destroying it and not even attacking us... oh, and yeah, you got a bio titan every bug opening. So this is accurate, i felt no change in large/heavy spawns
But why didn't one of your teammates just pick stratagems to deal with 18 titans? Git gud amirite (sarcasm may ensue)
Solo/with randoms  the game is a mess but when i play with mates and im having a laugh i really could not care less if theres 30 Titans all over the map im having the time of my life tho
lvl 9 is impossible to complete that mission..far more worse then any other mission i've been through..even with full lvl 50 experience squad you still lose😂..
I think it’s supposed to be hard so that when they add new things tomorrow it gets easier
I think you are a terming sympathizer and trying to derail our collective moral!!!!!!!
I think there’s a disconnect with people who want to play levels 7-9 but don’t communicate. That is a key part of the game, and teamwork makes your team stronger.   This may be an overarching problem with how quick play works, but I believe the hardest stuff should require the most work through communication, strategy, and trial/error
DId you put the soundtrack from Total Annihilation? -  On Throughout the Night  One the best ever scores and games ever. My first ever RTS game.
Love how they took something everyone loved that was reasonably hard to complete and just said fuck it we are just gonna make this the most frustrating experience ever. Completely ruined the game it simply isnt fun anymore.
These higher difficulties are just frustrating as opposed to challenging
Yes the hard game mode on the game originally known for being "a difficult twin stick shooter" should be hard.. shocking. (not) I dont see how this differs from any competitive shooter with ranks where skill level and team work are required more the higher the rank?
just use strategems - devs
I don't get the point of this video. Crying about the fact the hard difficulties are hard?
Yeah they made it wayyyyy too hard. It’s not even possible anymore
>SO Much Worse  more like so much better i wish more would spawn
I mean it is called “impossible” for a good reason. 😂 I love the challenge the game brings. It’s unlike many other games that have come out recently. Keep fighting hard helldivers!
Great video, great take on the patch, just remember the narrative of dissident scientists betraying super earth! we destroy illegal laboratories all the time in-game :^)
I only play lvl 4 or 5  6-7-8-9 causes me to lose sanity
When i did this and lost the mission Big suprise i just took a deep breath and sed fuck this im going back to nam
i only play medium so i dont have that problem
I went through something very very similar 🙃
You and your team seem to handle this situation well from what i can see...You were close to winning.
The spawn rate is rediculous but there's no denying that its tense and engaging for the players😂
This is a sign of meta-narrative don't get offended by the overwhelming balance changes, it supposed to be a story we are inside of not just a game. I think the chemicals are making the bugs more fertile in the story so there has to be visual representation in the game, right?
Reverting changes will not help, it will just give us back the issue of invicible charger spawn spikes again whichs isn't better than this. And it's too much to think that after like 2 balance patches the balace would be perfect. There is obviously more to do in regards of BT spawn cooldowns/caps etc. But also, this is basically a horde defence mission. You are supposed to boot up the silos and you'll get an endless horde until you do it. And even all those BTs didn't kill you, the host ragequitted. I'm not saying the balance is perfect obviously but it's the nature of horde missions that you have to push through the objectives or you get overrun and run out of ressources over time. You are not supposed to be able to hold against the horde for infinity.  I'm not saying everything is perfect but i really really think just reverting back and standing still is the wrong call for balance. The meta is already way more interesting and diverse after the Railgun nerf and the spawns are far more managable and feel less unfair without heavy spawn peaks and new Charger headshots. For me at least, the game feels better to play than it did before the balance patches.  Is there still BS happening that needs to be adressed? Sure 100%.  But the way to go is to expand on the patches that already happened, not to revert them.
To deal with the bile titan spam ive been using the spear and orbital laser ALOT
Seeing a lot more of the stretched enemies today. More  freezing too. Had to close the game down a few times. Lost a lot of medals today..
At difficulty 9 I could understand why there are 20 bile titans because as shown in the video they are easyer to take down than I knew. (Always struggel with only two at difficulty 5-6) But at difficulty 8 there should NOT be that many "boss" mobs p_p how should this be possible?
If not a strategem, it could be a late-game drop pod upgrade like space optimization called Resupply Optimization: all resupply pods have 2 fully loaded double barrel shotguns on the side for maximum democracy dispersion
Wish the mainstream cod kids would quit crying. It is hard on level 9. It should be.
Keeps resetting my bloody guns and saying new gems are available every time I log in .. pain in the ass
He got binded supply drops or just pressing combinations so quickly?
this is why I am glad there are 9 difficulties (more like 3 though because 3 of them are impossible and 3 of the are too boring)
Skill issue you keep killing your own silo and resetting the spawns
I think it's possible that particular mission on that particular difficulty might be fugged because if you remember the evacuation missions when they first released on medium difficulty were actually harder than on higher difficulties due to a bug I say this because I played the same mission that you did except on difficulty 7 and I encountered almost no heaviest
I don't enjoy the higher difficulties personally. It's just constant, relentless stress. No peaks and valleys, no eb and flow, no moment of respite and acomplishment during the mission just constant noise and pain until it's over one way or the other.
Considering that you guys weren’t prepared, don’t realise how the mission was causing this fast spawn and you handled it pretty well.  Seems like it’s fair.  You should have been defending the silo. You kept failing silo 3. When someone restarts it it creates spawns.
Seems like a chaotic fun round
When you don't understand the basic mechanics of a game so you complain that it is harder now...  Just down syndrome through and through huh bud?
didn't they say they were going to be reducing the spawn rate of titans and chargers? (Heavy armor enemies) Wth are there so many bile titans????
It's fine to not expect to beat every difficulty 100% of the time. The difference in rewards per minute from the highest difficulties to the lower ones isn't much. Imo it's better for the health of the game to gate the highest difficulties to squads that want to sweat and play optimally.
this game is becomin mindless armored mobs spawn :/ Arrowhead is killing plyerbase
Idk, it wasnt that bad for me. Played 5 rounds of these new mission type today with randoms on 9, and won 3. Not that bad for playing this mode the first time. Also flamethrower + supplypack is my new personal meta, since it can take on any enemy because it ignores armor, and you can resupply your own ammo, so you are independend.
this explains why my first ever mech exploded on me trying to fire a rocket
The mech needs to do more. That thing is a joke
Skill issues go play roblox or fornite helldivers 2 gets better everyday.
Honestly, I feel like Helldive should be near impossible.  Making things too easy will lose excitement real fast.
It’s just sad to see big YouTubers & lv50 game grinder still have no clue how to figure out game mechanics. It’s obvious enough every time you press the button triggers enemy spawn, and right after the match you decided to post this video just tells me how irresponsible and attention seeking you are. To add that, you are spreading false information that serves no help for the community, you should really consider making a new statement video for this.
Kneejerk ragebait reaction video. Will not subscribe. Don't try the mission in an easier difficulty to see how the machanics work, drop into impossible difficulty and spam 500k bombs, "why isn't this working, game sucks now?!"
While we're on the subject... Why no JUMP?
Bro at this point its not even fun anymore
Players when the difficult missions and difficult (yeah there is some tweaking that needs to be made but the harder difficulties being hard isn't a bad thing imo.)
you gotta fix your motion blur or something, can't watch your video without feeling sick lol
Man I swear this guy only bitches about the game, I was playing the new missions on difficulty 8 last night and it went just fine. We had a bike titan or two spawn on each of the batteries, but that’s because each time you start one a wave spawns. Honestly this is the most fun I’ve had in any of the mission types so far
it was pretty fun back before this patch it, wasnt like this even in the harder dificulties. im not sure why they thought this is what the game needed.
I don’t like how you have no clue what the mission is most games. It’s confusing on what you need to do
Railgun 2 to the face is a dead bile titan
Plays harder difficulty. Complains it’s hard….
I have never yet had spawns like this on difficulty 7,8,9.. have you had this issue through multiple games?
those 500kg booms been nerft ? them just done do ant thing
did it on level 8 diff with me and my duo, its a skill issue
I play helldive difficulty and manage to succeed so is not that much of an issue you just need to work on your tactics.
Every time someone activates the silos, it spawns a "new batch" of mobs (titans included). So, every time the silo has to start over, and a team member RESTARTS it, titans are summoned AGAIN, even if you haven't dealt with the previous enemies. Someone on your team continued to spam start the silo when the area wasn't cleared and/or team members were ammo stocked up.
TLDW; This only happened because his teammates couldn't connect them pressing the button with the waves of enemies spawning. Just clear out as much as you can, wait for your strategums to refresh and start the next wave fully stocked instead of just mindessly pressing the button without getting a chance to breathe.
Hmm, maybe you should learn what youre supposed to do instead of complain. ENTIRE vid was a skill issue
Got wet noodles of weapons and stradigums to fight the ongoing onslaught. I perfer fighting the robots because they actually have exposed weak points that your normal weapons can exploit.  A grenade laucher and resupply backpack makes short work of bots even hulks and tanks but does little against a horde of chargers. We have a whole cartgory of weapons that are useless, sniper/marksman rifles. If any loadout weapon should by default have heavy armor percing its a damn sniper rifle. Not talking about them stripping armor, no they should ignore it  and do maxuim damge to a traget. they already balanced around themeslves. Low ammo, low mag size and terraible while being swarmed.
maybe if you tried playing on a less intense difficulty.....
joel not making it easy
Peoples crying about an event.... an balance when I see so much peoples unable to play well. e.g. in that video you can't understand how to read an order and watch a map? Damn....
I’m gonna be honest. I hate the people who fight the bugs. However, if you fight the bugs on Helldive difficulty, you have my all my respect. That is currently the hardest thing to do in the game.
It's insane !!! I been over run on level 5.....  They fuck up this game
Maybe the idea is it takes seasoned and a well coordinated team to be effective in the highest difficulties. Idk could be wrong but not every game is supposed to be some supersoldier power fantasy where u literally can obliterate the entire map solo with little to no effort . If it’s that big of an issue turn the difficulty down , but instead u expect the game developers to stroke your ego because of your feelings. Ijs this is a skill issue if I ever seen one. There are people out there soloing max difficulty on a regular basis, if they can do it, why can’t u gang .?
This actually is a skill issue though. You had no clue how the mission worked and failed because of it. Figure out how the mission works, develop the skill to complete it. There's no excuse for this treachery.
My group just did a Helldive 9 yesterday with this mission. We failed it 2-3 times before we realized that we can't keep spamming the silo button. Also, friendly damage does a lot more damage to the Silo than the bugs do LOL.  All in all, you faced almost 20 bile titans because someone kept pressing the spawn bile titan button again and again.
I'll have 4 chargers. and four MORE chargers.
they really shouldve buffed other weapons instead of just nerfing a select few. theres a reason those other weapons werent used. theyre weak as fuck....
Clickbait title!
I now ducking hate the hunters there super op now. This new patch is asrse.
Hey, I dont see an issue with games having a challenging mode thats unattainable for most of the player base. Stick with the 1-7 difficulty, youll be fine. I was running this mission on 7s last night and there were a lot of titans, but it wasnt unmanageable for a group of randoms.
its weird because i finished this mission on helldive with only 2 people and we won on my first try. i never thought it was crazy hard
(skill issue)
All I want is everything concerning the enemies to be rolled back prior to the major balance patch (I'm fine with weapon nerfs); I felt enemy spawn and AI was perfect at launch. Extremely challenging, fair, and most important FUN.  I want the Helldivers experience that everyone initially fell in love with; however, Arrowhead seems hellbent on making Levels 7,8,9 both miserable and unwinnable.
This is why I quit. Patrols spawning out of thin air and beelining staright for you, and then breaching immediately. Its not fun anymore.
And I feel like this only happen in this map tons of titans and chargers, in other maps you don't see this much heavy units.
This is what high difficulties bugs felt like before the patch, all the time, but you couldn't one shot chargers.
I live the same Yesterday with my team. All they get out of the game and leav me solo. I understand, was imposible.
There are 9 different difficulties to choose from. The last 2 should feel almost impossible/suicidal. 7 should see some minor adjustments, but otherwise I think this is in a good spot spawn wise. You guys almost won on a mission that you had no idea how to complete.   If you are feeling like it's too much for you, lower the difficulty. Again there are 9 difficulty levels to choose from. Some of them are going to be ridiculous and over the top and that's exactly how it should be. Not every difficulty needs to be balanced. Trivial isn't balanced in anyway, and neither is easy. So why should suicide and helldive be perfectly balance.
Trying and failing the objective over and over is what keeps the bugs coming in that's why there were so many  its as simple as that
I say keep the difficulty it will great when you beat it
This litteraly only happens with a full group cause when doing this solo on helldive there was only 3 bile titans I needed to deal with all the way till the end
Stop making videos on Helldivers you suck at the game
From the sound of things, the problem was the mission type and not the spawn mechanics. My experience so far has been a massive reduction in hulks, tanks, and cannon turrets when playing challenging difficulty. But a lot more rocket raiders, which is fine.  We're planning on hitting difficulty 7 soon, once me and the boys have a free evening. I dont do difficulty 7+ with randos.
well i belive that full tm of premade players would done this easy, and who told u that u should be able to do that difficulty with randoms doing random shit?
The devs wanted the game to be difficult so they overshot the mark by a nautical mile
Is this only for the hardest dificulty
Helldivers 2 seems to be confused on what a recoilless rifle is... It's a heavy caliber "sniper" rifle used to punch through light and medium armor, without recoil since the kickback is ejected out the rear. It doesn't shoot rockets or explosives... Rocket launchers are always recoilless so that word is meaningless here anyway...
YOU HAVE TO RELY ON STRATAGEM !
Just did this on D8 with a team of randoms who I opened a dialogue with. We ended up doing it no issues after our 1st attempt with some planning. Sounds to me like a teamwork issue and no I’m not a “pro gamer” im a 40 year old dad with carpal tunnel my hands go numb every 10 mins. I’m well beyond my best years so if I can do it yall young kids can. 😂
Overall, I like EAT more than recoilless cause the mobility and how fast the CD is, easily 6 rockets in 3mins. Even I died I can quickly get new one to work with instead go back get my things, sometimes you just can't go back.
this is technically a cod zombie mod on steroids. Just a lot of running around trying to stay alive and do the objective
Idk man, I just finished this mission on helldiver as 4 lvl 22s and we suck at these kinds of games.  As long as you don't spam the button, it's really not that difficult.  It's one thing to give fair criticism for the games faults, but when you go into a new game mode for the first time, get clapped due to not understanding how it works and then declare that the game is broken or unfair or whatever... you're just being a hater. You're just looking for something to complain about.
all i want is for my autocannon to pierce heavy armor. no reason why it shouldn't
If you can’t handle it then do a lower difficulty mission, don’t punish the players who want the ultimate almost impossible challenge by making the developers nerf everything.
So you have to shoot the charger at the top of the head?
Lol, I see so many people saying the same fucking thing. "Skill issue, bro! They spawn a new wave every time you restart the silo." Yeah, anyone that's played the mission more than once realizes that. Problem is, when you have randoms and tell them stop pressing the button they don't give a fuck. So the breaches keep stacking up, so spawning a new wave every time the button is pressed is dumb. Instead, put the button on cooldown until the wave is killed completely or depleted by 80% so there can't be an overabundance in enemies. Like what am I supposed to do with four bile titans, five chargers, a moshpit of hunters, and platoon of the others gathering up in one place? Stop meatriding the devs, at this point half the community when it comes to issues like this are more robotic than the fucking automatons
Skill issue
So I think you may have had the thing I did. My steam did not update my game along with everyone else at the time. I was going into games and seeing this old spawn rate. It was only when I attempted to join a friend that I realized this. After updating the spawn wasn't so crazy. I believe one of your teammates may not have gotten the update. But that's just my two cents. I've been playing with the update and only seen 4 titans in a mission, on helldive.
This game just keeps Getting better with each patch in my opinion. The changes are great. It was too easy upon release. Some people enjoy the challenge  of difficult games. To fail something repeatedly  and approach it in numerous ways until you can eventually get it just right is a satisfying feeling. If you think it’s too much, and are a casual gamer then turn down the difficulty. The game doesn’t need to be balanced towards casual noobs. The difficulty being played here is impossible, maybe people have forgotten what impossible means? It should feel impossible…
I fucking HATE these charchers, getting to kill them somehow is very hard and they keep coming!!! Oh and is this suppose to be so hard or is 15 chargers and a ton of titans normal?
Wanna know something that'd make this more bearable? An unnerfed railgun.
You're the man, bro.
In this video there were about 4 titans per breach with maybe 2 or 3 non breach titans which makes sense for a d8 mission in a mission type that is supposed to be our biggest blow against the bugs. There were definitely times where the team pressed the button before finishing with the previous bug breach too which only compounded the difficulty. I will say that for a d8 termicide mission this is pretty fair. I just suggest trying to coordinate more with the team and not wasting all those 500kg, seriously, the amount of time you threw a 500kg at a BT that was obviously out of range, at a weird angle, or already being dealt with by a teammate hurt my soul.  Also someone should’ve brought a little bit of chaff clearing. Airburst, cluster bomb, a flame thrower which is also pretty good at killing chargers, pretty much anything to go along with that one teammate’s airstrike and to help that poor gatling sentry.  Additionally your argument at the very end of the game being too hard for a more casual experience… you’re playing on d8. D8 and d9 are supposed to be hard as hell, for a casual but challenging experience d6 and d7 are what you should be playing. I’m not trying to be an elitist “oh you just aren’t good enough” person I’m just saying that the game has a difficulty slider for that exact reason: to go with your mood and expectations from the game.
I can't agree more on the final sentiment. I miss the game that was fun and not a chore. (I soloed helldive missions before all of this cluster trucking [ 3 bots + 3bugs = 6 total missions ]). I straight-up rage quit yesterday due to the new balance and absurd Bile Titan numbers.
I get what you're saying, that this level of difficulty is too hard for public groups. My personal opinion is that is should probably be. If a group of randoms can consistently do 9's, then the balance will be way too easy for an organized group of 4 friends in voice chat. I don't even have friends to play with usually and 95% of my games are just quick play. I don't think the game needs to be balanced for me alone though. I'm fine with higher difficulties for better groups.  The best comparison I can make: If you go to a restaurant, do you complain their hottest hot sauce is too much and they need to only have milder ones? Or would you pick the one you're comfortable with and let other people enjoy the ones they like.   I don't think every player should be able to do every difficulty. Maybe they need to make pink resources available with a low chance at lower difficulties or something to not gate more casual players.  Maybe they could add another 3 difficulties, but then would everyone just be complaining that they can do 9, but 12 is too hard? Why not leave the top end for the sweaty, try-hard e-sports people?
I have a secret to tell you guys but please keep it between us ok? So the secret is.... To play difficulty 6 or 7 if you can't handle the heat from 8 or 9! I know it sounds crazy right? But just try it! It works wonders 😊
The most annoying thing is the bugs just appear next to you from the ground.
or just gitgud and spread democracy soldier!!
i think this mission is fine, it just takes a whole lot of teamwork and specific stragems, a pain doing it with randome
The game has so many issues at this point that I literally can't bother playing it anymore. Anyways, it was just an out of proportion youtube typical train hype
your squad just got targeted by a Game Master :D
Yeah it seems people are having wildly different experiences than what I am seeing in the game, there are TONS of patrols crawling(or spawning) all over the place and the amount of Chargers/Titans "might" be less than before?  One mission I did on 7 definitely had way MORE Chargers than there used to be and no it was not the tower defense map, it was a normal Blitz mission and while the team fumbled the first engage and got a breach right away, after we had killed 5-6 Chargers I just started running for the nests to try and do the objectives because Chargers just kept coming after the breach, the breach itself was fairly trivial considering it happened within the first minutes of the mission and was mainly chaff.   I was not the only one during and after the mission that was like "WTF WAS THAT?! This was difficulty 7 with LESS Chargers!?"  While we did manage to finish the Blitz mission, the Charger spam did also continue through out the entirety of it(some Titans too ofc). Meanwhile I am seeing people both in Youtube comments and on the Steam forums praising the update because of how many different and varied loadouts they are seeing now that they are not forced to bring as much AT as before.... what. the. actual. F. If anything I might have to start to bring even more AT to deal with these hoards of Chargers.
so a rando team not communicating in voice almost beats the hardest difficulty. I fail to see the issue.
"We fixed spawn rates guys" Translation  "We tripled how many Titans and chargers spawn but you know chargers only take 1 headshot with a rocket to kill so that's fine you guys can handle like 12 of them and 4 titans at once right? Yeah, it'll be fine"
I believe that this phase of difficult updates are all planned by joel in order to have the bugs/robots naturally push to super earth instead of it feeling like even though we are winning countless mission we are still losing the war, like when you win in the boss fight but die in the cutscene. Every aspect of the game tries to immerse you in the world of helldivers/ get invested in the ongoing war like how theres a million planets that are already named that we cant fight on but can see getting us invested in seeing what those maps look like, and even super earth being so big at the center all to invest us in the ongoing storyline. Not to say your feeling on not liking the game as much rn isnt valid but I believe the devs purposely hide updates like crit rate of hunters to make us feel like we are naturally losing matches instead of losing matches due to the game telling us the bugs are now on super earth.
i think its becouse your team is resetting the silo repeatively becouse each time you reset the silo, a new breach starts. I belive the highest difficulties spawns a titan each silo breach
i wish this guy would get out of the community.
Geez! Ermz! Didn’t know you had it this rough man, i feel bad for you, hope your gaming experiences improve soon, anyway take care my man,
I had like 4 titans spawn on dif 9 termicide mission today, not that difficult, besides having to restart one batery like 3 times it was menegable
Lol reading these comments, sounds like it's a skill issue lmao
“I don’t know the mission” *Doesnt understand the mission * Complains
The Update works as intended its just this Mission that is either bugged or a troll cause it spawns clearly to much of those
Glad people in the comments are providing tips for these specific missions and not just assuming everyone knows. Especially when it comes to spawns (bug breaches that happen depending on the times you activate the silo for example) I had no idea
Bro this happened to me!!! We went into lvl 8 missions. 11-17 bile titans at least….we died
Joel: oh so you don't like how the game is now here take a charger. *Heads hot instantly dies * Joel : cute take a titan *gets killed * Joel : have another.... I can do this all day.
Are we complaining that the second hardest of 9 difficulties is...too hard?
Skill issue
This isn't a skill issue but knowledge issue. For the termicide missions, every time the button is pressed, a new wave is spawned. You have to clear the existing terminids before pressing the button so you don't get overwhelmed.
Bring a flamethrower, EAT, Patriot, and 500 kg next time. Game is easy. One guy with a flamethrower can kill everything except the biles. Need to drop a bile? Get two anti-tank launchers ever 60 seconds.
Yup skill issue
That was nuts lol. All guns need buffed. Especially primaries. It is so painful how useless almost all of them are except for a few.
Might not be a rage quit. My brother's and I have encountered plenty of crashes
You have to do each button one at a time or you'll be overrun
I like how you start going on about people making excuses for the number of bile titans, when the fact of the matter is there are so many because you and the people you are playing with have no idea how the mechanics with starting up the batteries works. And then you refuse to reply to any of the people actually explaining what you guys were doing wrong. I did a couple of these at 8 difficulty last night and had maybe max 6 titans because we managed the waves better, and didn't just spam the battery reactivation (I counted you guys activate a single battery 7 TIMES one after the other?)  I usually wouldn't comment something so negative, but the spawning of mobs every single activation has been public for a little while now, and since that's all this video is about I kinda question why it's even here.
Crazy how the “impossible” difficulty is so hard…
It’s a skill issue only in that your entire squad needed to be following a new mission-specific meta to have any chance at winning. That’s while the fanboys rail against anyone using a meta load out, in addition to pretending the latest half-baked balance patch “fixed everything”.
i´m wondering if the devs are aware of this?
Skull Admiral here.  Stop using the Recoilless for harder difficulties if you arent having someone load it for you. You will never be able to reload it. Use the EAT. It is much better. You can even crush titans with the call in.  The mission you played looked like a blast, but it looks like you are making a ton of mistakes that you should have refined by difficulty 8: all the redos on the objective were triggering bug breaches every time, which will almost always have Bile Titans on diff 8/9. Once you know this, you can control for this and you wont run into what you did. You wanted the gatling gun to "pull aggro" but they have very little health, and you summoned it right in front of the mobs, when it has great range. You need to throw them further to be more effective. The orbital laser will kill a titan quickly if you take out the sacks below it; you were exclusively using the recoilless on the face when every titan I saw you shoot you had its sacks still. You just need to play more than one mission and learn how the game works. Not to say there aren't frustrating situations (like not being able to control the hellpod, rocket glitch, host quitting and pulling you with him, climbing on top of resupplies), but your tone throughout the video screams to me no desire to solve the problem of a challenging difficulty yourself, and for the devs to dumb it down to your chosen playstyle. What the devs NEED to do is have it be more obvious how certain missions will cause spawns and maybe have some VO that tells you, or more clear UI elements.
i like how in the promo for becoming a Helldiver they show a Helldiver one tapping a bile titan in the head with a rocket yet in the actual game you cant do it LMAO like why even show that
This is pretty similar to what would happen in Helldivers 1 if you stayed in one place too long.  The strategy on higher difficulties was to make a stand only when you absolutely have to, complete the objective as fast as possible, and move quick to cooler pastures.
Dawg I’m sorry and I agree the bile titan spawns are BS but he’ll dive is meant to be fucking hard. Now could they make it harder in different ways to be less annoying? totally but most people cap out at diff 6 or 7. 8 and 9 should require you to be sweaty that’s the damn point of them. So players who want to be sweaty af have a challenge. Like I stated earlier I agree that the difficulty needs tweaks so it isn’t just you getting spammed with stuff but complaining that you gotta sweat on higher difficulties is stupid. Another note let’s not go back to launch. While it was fun the game got boring quick because the only true viable loadout was breaker railgun shield. I much prefer having most weapons not be total ass and doing damage. In the nerf patch everyone dreads they buffed 20 weapons and nerfed 2. It was mostly a positive change. The game is only a month old and people already have rose tinted glasses.
The host of the game should just switch to another player if the original leaves. That’s totally BS that if the host quits, you all suffer. It kinda defeats the purpose of the sos beacons and such.
Wow.. that doesn’t even look like fun 😢 I would’ve just called it quits and jump on Rocket league too cool off 😅. Great video nonetheless, hopefully developers can get these spawns under control
Im starting to belive that the initial release was a stroke of luck tbh since ever damn balancing and patch has made things worse. The fact that they nerf the armor and spawn rate of one enemy allmost everyone hates just to increase the spawn rate of an enemy mośt if not all people hate even more suggests they are up their ears in shitty decisions and dumb fuckery.   This kinda balancing makes Wargaming look like they know what they are doing.
Dude, you're complaining about the spawn rate when you and your team are pressing buttons that make shit spawn. So, no, your point of this video isn't valid. Your cope is endless and the evidence that you're blind to a simple programming mechanic is hilariously apparent.
I’ve started using the Wunderwaffe-DG2 to handle most bug encounters aka the arc thrower. It doesn’t handle chargers well but does take bile titans. It arcs through all the little ones and kills hive guards/brood commanders with ease. You just are going to be constantly back pedaling and always trying to keep a greater distance. It doesn’t do well with team players because it has a hard on for killing fellow divers. It can and WILL arc to your teammate before it thinks about a bug closer to it. All I can say is, if this is the mission difficulty for defenses, we need more than 4 players.
I can only say this: I personally dont think the game spawns too many "bosses", but i think the way the enemy armor works is a bit ptoblematic. At the current time your entire team is basically forced to all bring the best options of armor percing/shredding available to them to do anything on difficuilty 5+. This differs wildly from the devs statement that "You should have 1 person on your team who can deal with armored enemys". The fact that recoilless rifles and autocannons love to bounce of armor also doesnt help with that problem.
How many 500k you got?
Something definitely feels different and not in the best way honestly, me and 2 friends picked up the game about 2 weeks back and chargers and bile titans were this exciting thing that were quite fun to deal with but they just feel spammed out now, we have agreed that the game doesnt give yoy enough firepower to fight back, i am the resident air strike man i love using them but the current version makes me not want to use them as much as i did before *just* in case another bile titan appears, its not about clearing a bunch of bugs anymore and the satisfaction of airstriking 20 bugs its "oh i need to preserve this airstrike for a bile titan" its not great, i hope its just a hiccup in the road for arrowhead
The railgun still one shots bile titans lmfao two shots if you cant do it when theyre opening their mouth. At this point im starting to think yall just cant aim
I realize that chargers are easy pray now when standing directly in front of them charging on you and hitting their head with the appropriate weapon…but I have a question for you;   is this now more fun than the ability to hit one of their legs (let’s say 2-3 times consistently  with a rail gun) from any angle to take them down?  I used to really enjoy helping my team mates being chased by a charger given we had the flexibility of taking them down or staggering from any angle, so it opened up many scenarios ; like “thx man you save my bacon there !”
Lol no  Down voted. Up right down down down this video into the sun.
The silo defense mission is a scripted event.   I would leave the area until bug settle down before try again.
It’s the hardest difficulty
Skill issue
Bruh, I'm sorry, but my friends and I played this mission on 9 multiple times and succeeded. We failed the first few times trying to understand what is going on but still. is it hard fuck yes. is it supposed to be, I really hope so because the bugs are literally on their last battles before total extinction. Forgive me for being a little hostile here but you are literally playing on the second hardest difficulty the game has to offer and you are complaining about how hard the game is. You guys actually almost completed the mission in that VERY FIRST TRY, not bad honestly. Bugs and issues in the game need to be fixed like the rocket bug you showed for sure but I still don't think you should be able to walk into an 8 difficulty mission you know nothing about and be able to easily beat it, that is not difficulty, that means its easy.
Truthfully is this really possible to complete all objectives? That was a lot of titans and chargers. Wild to think they've even turned the spawns down from before.   Reference for question: never left difficulty 5 due to skill issues.
Not only are you failing to protect the Silos, you are also restarting the Silos before clearing out the current infestation, of course you will get a bunch a Titans
Now that my ship modules are maxed and nothing else to unlock I aint playing on anything over diff 5 ! Shit is ridiculous
Well I guess now we know where all the bile titans and chargers went when they said they are lowering the spawn rate
I understand what you're saying but i look at this game like its an older game Helldive difficulty MEANS helldive difficulty And im SUPPOSED to be afraid of that
Appreciate you actually doing a video on this. Yeah I would say our opinions are pretty similar on this matter. Doing this mission on 8, then switching back to 7 to test it again, suicide mission is deadass a cake walk compared to impossible difficulty. Granted I see the "strat" now (reading some of the comments) that could be useful, but fuck man when you killed your 12th Bile Titan, out of ammo and everything is on cool down, you start feeling hopeless next to the battery silo. 😂 On top of the random ass meteor storm.😅
Honestly ever since they nerfed the breaker and railgun Like if we playing pvp .. I e honestly hated the game since then   I hate the feel of it now I hate how much I did to stalkers with there poison and jumping from far to crit hit you ..  I honestly am fed up with them fucking with the game ! Y’all nerfed the best gun then you fucked buffed all enemies I don’t like a game feeling this way ..  It feels unfair and annoying ! Back to destiny for me ! They give us a walker that’s soft like cotton !   The game is hard to play and enjoy right now ! The fact they took away our fun in a pve game is nuts !   They want us to play a certain way but I know they don’t play their game !   Saying things like your primary is not what you should care about . Why it’s the gun I use the most !  Stratagems have cooldowns ! They gonna ruin their own game fucking around with trying to annoy us and mask it as difficulty !
That's actually crazy. Me and my friends just did this yesterday, but we didn't even have this many. Also, the 500kg bomb SUCKS to be honest. Id rather use the Railcannon and 110 Rockets. They just work so much better.
There are definitely still lots of things that need fixing this patch - vaulting onto supplies is just one of them, as is the missile glitch for patriot suits - which i heard got fixed but haven’t tested myself…  Regardless, this was your first mission on this type. It is the same as geological; activating the objective spawns massive hordes. Additionally, each silo’s hp pool takes time to recharge. With a bit of experience, your time would have been much easier; switching silos when one is lost is a good strategy I’ve found works on helldive silo missions. Also, there’s plenty of mission time available to stop the objective, clear everything, wait a minute or so for stratagems to refresh, and go again!   It’s understandable to want to try a new mode on a higher difficulty, but rage baiting from having your first game not be a success in a pug? C’mon lol
I'll be honest. I did an blitz mission on this difficulty. It was wildly difficult. One of us was drunk apparently. They assumed they were seeing double. When you have a mission that doesn't conflict with the sheer amount of enemies you have to fight it feels doable but wildly difficult. But when you have to defend something or defeat x amount of enemies, you can't get around the bile titan and charger spam. I've been lucky to have been with allies who are constantly chattering and having dedicated anti-heavy builds or EAT spam (I personally bring orbit rail, rocket pods, EATs, and a personal shield) and while we struggled hard, it wasn't the kind of a-kicking we deserved at that difficulty since two of us were dedicated anti-heavy and all four of us at least had railgun orbital.
this is such a genuinely disingenuous video it hurts. hard to sit through
Agreed with everything said here. I just want to get home after a long day of work and have a little fun taking out some bugs to upgrade my ship.....not die a thousand times against nearly impossible odd constantly. They need to add super samples to lower levels as well.
Arrowhead really needs to address what they want from their game. The game in its release form was such a great balance of challenge and fun. Whatever this mess is now is horrible. The game went from something I was so excited to play every day to something I will not touch until it is fixed
It might benefit you to take some time away from the game if its frustrating you so much.
My squad mates and I had the same experience in difficulty 7 and we just couldn't keep the big solo alive, without being zerg rushed by mobs and biles.
Respect to your post; however, “fun” is subjective. What some may find frustrating others may want this type of challenge.
IMPORTANT PSA:        THE TELSA TOWER ABSOLUTLY FUCKS ON THIS MISSION.  Thank you, that is all.
Difficulty 6 with a party of 3. 12 bile titans
This experience is definitely based on the mission, or atleast heavily influenced by it. As some others have said, it seems that every time the buttons for the silos are pressed/re-activated a breach(es) almost immediately occur, regardless of existing ones, and seem to guarantee bile titan(s) each one. Not sure if this is intentional behavior, but it seems logical for the kind of mission it is.  Despite this intensity, my first run of the mission on level 9 with randoms (no mic communication) still completed successfully. It seemed like none of us had run it before, but it did not take long before we had the idea to try to clear out before pressing the buttons again, and to group up on silos instead of spread out. Democracy prevails.  This footage was great to watch, but I think its bit overdramatic to blame this footage solely on the balance patch(es), and not a lack of understanding the mechanics of the new mission. However, its possible what I (and others) was seeing is not accurate, and some people may be getting swarmed regardless of interacting with the mission buttons.
500 kg bomb needs a buff, also play a different difficulty quit whining
Yeah the update has nothing to do with this mission… whenever you press the button, you’re the one spawning in the bile titans… clear everyone out first, set up defensive stratagems, then press the button…
My guess is they wanted to up the difficulty for the major order missions, since we crushed them so fast before.  But yeah they went a bit overboard with that, had a similar experience on Diff 8 yesterday xD
Launch Helldivers 2 was better change my mind.
Your content is nauseating.
I'm not sure I understand your conclusion.  You were on the second hardest difficulty and expected to waltz through it?  Honestly, I would be more upset if that were the case.  I'd rather have difficulty scale to a point that I can't win than be able to walk through every mission.
Wow, mission is hard on hard difficulties, who could have guessed? It also doesn't help that you didn't even attempt to ask "what do I do?" And proceeded to just shoot things without, you know, playing as a team or knowing the objective. While the game still needs some balancing and updating, this video is literally the definition of skill issue.
Yesterday, A squad of me and two other friends did a suicide mission on this same mission type and in total we had 14-16 bile titans through out the entire mission. The worst part was 90% of the time the game wouldn't let us use the pod controls which meant that we couldn't kill all those chargers and bile titans by dropping on them. We were lucky to even be able to extract out of there. I cant even imagine what helldive would be like.
call me a p*ssy but i dont have fun on these difficulties, i play on difficulty 7 and have way more fun
Game was way too easy at launch. Big reason there was so many bugs is that every time you activate a battery tower it triggers waves to spawn. Knowing the mission well definitely matters.
not as bad as mine had all this plus armored spewers but i did it
Please just delete the game already, youre crying constantly spreading disinformation and dismorale, its baffling of how stubborn you are in your own mistakes, jesus
i was already mildly annoyed from launch at the changes they made compared to the first game in: how stuff unlocks (requiring you running higher level missions to unlock stuff that would be helpful in actually clearing those missions) and upgrades in general (where are my weapon/strategem upgrades? why is one of my biggest upgrade buffs buff a 10% resupply cdr? etc)  but the balance in the game is tending more and more towards just being outta reach for newer players or players that want to be able to reliably make literally any progress (why do samples drop from your corpse anyway? why not go directly to inv?) and so now playing with my boyfriend simply isnt possible because he doesnt wanna get sweaty trying to complete missions in this game
Ok? It's diff 8. I saw nothing wrong  If it's not 5 of them *at the same time* it's completely fine. Also you can kill titans consistently with 2 rockets to the same spot (this counts the sides).  Edit: There's also the fact that this mission type spawns more breaches the more you reactivate the batteries. This video is clickbaity as fuck :l
This mission is harder then other missions and if you don't want it to be hard, then play lower difficulties. I don't get why people are moaning about it being hard when there is 9 different difficulties
I only recently unlocked difficulty 6 and Pesticide mission was my first mission to try it... Let's just say fighting 7 bile titans at the same time is a little bit too hard for me, but what do I know. Skill issue 💀
So you played a map for the first time, lost and then started blaming the game when you had zero prep and zero knowledge on what even to do on a new map? So you went Helldive dificulty immediately and expected everything to just be fine? idk man. Seems pretty sus
i will say dev are def adding impossible missions from all i can see
FYI using explosives around the silos 100% damages them and can easily reset the silo, but also, the amount of chargers and titans coming in from tier 8+ is far less than what it used to be, your team actually seemed to be doing really well considering the tier. If a silo blows, down start the button until you deal with all the adds first, as it will just start the spawning all over again.  Use the shield emplacement to counter bile titans, their own bile kills them once they get in melee range, and it also stops chargers charging.   If you're worried about going into a new mission type, always try it on a lower tier first to get the jist of it.
Skill issue
There buffing the bugs to match the robots
Joel wants you fucking DEAD
I can't believe the higher difficulties are hard
Every comment is the same and every comment is right, how embarrassing 😂
You didn’t defend the silos and only one other teammate sometimes helped get the titans and you didn’t clear the enemies between activations. Run a level 8 egg clear and show the same thing. You can’t.
I think everyone plays bugs thats why no one talks about the bots cuz we all know the robots are super hard  and we all love bugs so they want us to start playing robots more
cry more
Yet another Ermz snotty whining video
As like 50% of the comments have said, it’s the objective spawning heavies. Going into a new mission to complain about a balance patch that isn’t effecting that mission is a bit disingenuous, though it was most likely done from ignorance here or possibly looking to get higher engagement if you’re intentionally posting inaccurate statements.  Compared to the previous patch, the other missions are in a much better state. Posting a conclusion on balance off one mission that you lack knowledge on is extremely shortsighted. You don’t need to be perfect, but do try to do some kind of due diligence before posting misinformed opinions.
I want to be a new player and I want this hard. Feels like starship troopers
You are obviously so desperate to trash the game that you rushed into making this video without even taking the time to learn what the mission was about and why you had so many titans spawning everywhere.
You never stop bitching and lying for views do you
*skill issue*
The difficulty level is "impossible"  Does that word mean anything?
the amount of cope and crying over a mission that is being done wrong is just funny to me, just stop spamming a button and clear with a mech, you can two tap head with rockets on biles, literally just aim head, not hard
Was in hard and this also happened so many if them and host quit
*furiously presses bug breach button repeatedly* “Why so many bug breaches?”
Stratagems need a HUGE buff, cut the cooldowns and limits, why would an orbital laser have just 3 uses? My man I have a huge ass ship in orbit gimme all the lasers you have
every time you hit the button to start the process it spawns more, so dont hit the button if you dont want more mobs.
Dropping in, the firth thing we noticed was there is no chance for orange or pink samples on our difficulty 8. Also saw the little batteries and thought to push the button and defend as it showed. The final being southeast took a miracle (team of only 3) but we got it done eventually. Ems mortars help slow everyone down. Fun new mission but need better rewards
If people think the old difficulties were too easy, the correct reponse is not to make them harder but add new ones add 10, add 11, add 12 like how mmos add new raid tiers, add expansions, add ever higher gear levels, as players become better move forward in progression, as opposed to pulling up the ladder behind you making it harder for new players for a game to be healthy for years to come the new player experience must be good for the entire duration, not just launch
Cannot kill a titan every minute? Definetely a skill issue 🤡🤡🤡 BTW a small suggestion - show team loadout and stratagems, it will be better for understanding.
Gotta love the fact that every vid I see of you is about bashing the game ...the same game that gets you actual views. Its getting annoying, especially when most of your complaints arent even legit. So that'll be my last downvote and just removing your channel from my feed completely.
This entire video could of been avoided if you just read how the mission works. It all comes back to "Gamers cant read". Was a very entertaining video though! Watched the entire thing and couldnt stop laughing.
Im sorry but i really don't see anything wrong with this, its supposed to be hard is it not? And ya i am gonna be that guy and say "you could have did this better" because you straight up didn't know what the objective was and obviously some other guy kept spamming the try again button spawning more before anyone was even close to one another.
You haven't even tried to do the objective. You're just treating this like a shooting gallery, of course you're not meant to kill all spawned enemies, you're meant to do the objective and get out.
No skill issue in my opinion. Taking out that many titans + charges in this little time. I'd say you and you Team played that really good. Most people struggle when Titan 4 or 5 spawns.
imagine wanting easy games
I'm so fucking sick of people saying "oh you need to get better or just play lower difficulties" YOU CAN NOT PROGRESS THE FUCKING GAME WITHOUT PLAYING ON ATLEAST DIFFICULTY 7 OR ABOVE. You absolutely HAVE to play 7 at the very minimum, if you want to get SRS, seeing as they only spawn in the top 3 difficulties. They keep fixing it, but somehow makes it worse. 21-22 bile titans in a game is ridiculous. Stop defending bad gameplay mechanics. I love this game, it's super fun. But with all the recent gameplay tweaks its quickly becoming less fun and more frustrating, which isn't how it was when it launched. I have 0 issues with a challenge, but a challenge still be fun and engaging, not rage inducing.
Imagine not knowing how the mission type works, actively doing it the worst way and then making a youtube video to complain. Truely the peak of common sense.
devs clearly stated they want the harder difficulties to be difficult, on old settings getting mechs would make the hard difficulties too easy, now you can argue that they could have made the game this hard from start and its a fair statement, but if they did they would need to change the difficulty level at which rare resources spawn, if it was this hard from the beginning to this day you wouldn't be able to upgrade your ship
just play on EZ bro
Some tip: For that mission protect the silo and spread out four corners, Bring EAT-17 anti-tank& 500kg for bile titan and charge,  Grenade Launcher for clear small wave and Dog rover or something u like The Strat is spam stratagem +supply
this is ridiculous
I love the fact that you fully admit this was ur first time doing this kind of mission and don’t understand how it works and still put out a video complaining abt it as if understanding what kind of mission it is and how to play it isn’t an important thing to do before criticizing it
Those meteors are ridiculous!! They screw up my frame rate and eventually freeze my game, let alone one shot me.
You are playing on difficulty 8... if you want it easier, play on a lower difficulty.  If anyone could do the top teir difficulties, then it wouldnt be hard enough.
Which difficulty level would you say is for the "sweaty esports professionals"? Do you believe the game should be tuned so that everyone can complete a level 8 mission? Or do you believe level 8 should be tuned to your skill level specifically?
played a mission earlier today and as soon as we dropped in a patrol saw us causing a bug breach, in the first 20 seconds of the mission we used all our stratagems and killed 3 titans and a 4th one coming in the distance it was kinda cool but insane lmao
all i can say is... we need bigger buggs and enemys way to easy
Of all the HD2 Youtubers I watch you are by far the whiniest of them. You base your opinion on a single mission which was of a special mission type and was played poorly. The GALL it takes to join a mission, have NO IDEA how it is supposed to be played and then to assume the spawns have NOTHING to do with how the mission is being played but everything with how the devs patch in a way that you don't like it.  By far the majority of the players say the spawns are much better now (the amount of Bile Spewers being open for discussion, admittedly), but overall I think it's really time to stop being salty about the Railgun nerf. Dealing with Titans and Chargers has become much easier now both in terms of their numbers as well as (the Charger's) resilience.
I.. do people not understand what the higher difficulties are for? If youre playing anything over 7 youre just doing it for extra samples and the challenge. Dont get pissy and mad when the GAME IS PURPOSEFULLY IMBALANCED to the enemies side. People are unfortunately stupid in games and will spawn every wave simultaneously on top of you leaving not enough ammo or stratagems to deal with them all. The mission doesnt just have a 40 minute timer for you to beat it in under 5 and people trying to find a "meta" should just pace themselves rather than expect to be able to just cruise through the hardest difficulties, we get it you played Doom Eternal on ultra violence and think you should be able to rip and tear through hordes of bugs as a normal soldier.
Skill issue and bug propaganda.
This mission is supposed to be hard. Our group all got the EATs and called them in on cooldown. Bile titan cleanup was had.
I blame youtubers crying about their skill issues, so the devs listen and change it up, and now youtubers are still crying.
I agree with you 100% I think part of what makes this game so great is running around being a savage killing hoardes and having the fire power to do so. But if you're going to buff the monsters, buff the guns /stratagem's. In a game like this,  I get that there needs to be a balance and there needs to be a challenge or people will get bored. There's definitely some discrepancies in what people people think the game should be.   I think ending a game on the corpses of 5,000,000 monsters because you had the fire power is rewarding.   I love a good challenge,  I only got to play a couple games yesterday but I did reach a level of frustration because I did feel like instead of killing for democracy, we were trying to get things done and run as fast as possible because getting overwhelmed was inevitable no matter what we tried.
at this point the Devs are just straight up lying lmao
i have no opinion on why it was too hard for your team that go around. What i have noticed is people wanted to come to this game for a rambo experience and it seems arrowhead wants a more fight for survival feel. Which is good seeing as how my favorite game for the past 6 or 7 years is tarkov, so it fits my stupid hard game genre niche. i understand people want different things out of games but i don't we should call them bad just because we are bad
Pretty average Helldive is a lot worse
I usually enjoy your videos and tend to agree but this actually 1. Looks like a lot of fun, and 2. The host most likely quit because no one was doing the objective but the i honestly still wish they would just revert the game to vanilla while keeping all the buffs, no nerfs. That way there would be even more options to fight with
Maybe LEARN what's the objective of the mission???? Everyone in the comment section is telling you the reason why the spawn rate is high... But you don't want to listen lmao.
When I can point to Darktide as a better example of smooth sailing, I feel like that’s a really bad thing
Its gotten to where i cant stand playing solo anymore on the higher difficulties. bummer
Such an overreaction. Wack ass clickbait YouTuber get a life bro
I think the devs are "cooking" by changing the multiplier from 1x to 7x. I find it hilarious the answer the devs said was "skill issue", when they can't even keep the servers reliable. Maybe they should work on that before penalizing us for having good synergy.
If literally just have to utilize a good communication between your team n doesnt matter what you use as long as everyone is in good comms you can do it i find eberyone complains but often times the simplest ideas are the answer everyone needs to be able to support wach other properley instead of being selfish if the stratgems alll work together literally teir 9 isnt impossible yea its hard but the challenge is what true gamers crave so for me it really isnt that hard to get it done for democracy run what makes sense n what can help the team achieve its goal which is surviving the hell
YOU ACTIVATED MY TRAP CARD I SUMMON 8 FUCKING BILE TITANS AND 8 MORE FUCKING BILE TITANS
Toxic positivity is was killed destiny 2
I keep getting killed by dead Bile Titans. They have some kind of invisible object over them after they die. I get thrown up then down and die to impact damage.
I think yall are complaining too much. I honestly didnt want to believe the guys saying "git gud" but im starting to believe them now. I played pre balance patch and its hard at lv 9 but its not impossible. Deaths are happening in my squad but we barely scrape by with no reinforcements. Get like a 75% win/loss ratio. I think it should be worse for lv 9. Yall need to chill and just play the lower difficulties for a good time
Played my first difficulty 9 on this new mission type. We barely scraped by. There was a solid 10 min where we only had 1 person up at a time and were just waiting for the next person to be available for drop. By the 15m mark we had killed a dozen bile titans and had another 8 active.   Hundreds of hunters. Sweet liberty there was so many.
So you don't understand the mission mechanics, play it wrong, and then instead of learning how it's supposed to be played you call for balance changes.  Maybe clean up the mess of bugs before attempting the next phase.
A great representation of the game right now 😂 even on level 7 which I mainly play on, van get like this at times.
"Toxic Positivity"  That is the best phrase I have heard to describe the Helldiver community.
IMO I feel they shouldn't be nerfing weapons until they sort the enemy's spawns out. Imagine having pre-nerf Breaker and railgun for the amount of enemies that come at you now.
The Shown  footage  I whould except  for lvl 11 difficulty  wtf
Skill issue
You probably should've tried to figure out what to do. Why should you be able to beat a mission on your first try on the second highest difficulty without verbally communicating with your squadmates when you don't even know how to complete the mission objectives? You are literally complaining about having to "play sweaty" (as in doing what gives you an advantage) on a level of difficulty you yourself admitted to on a previous video to playing on when you want to challenge yourself. I genuinely think you need to take more time to figure things out rather than making a conclusion so soon. The update hasn't even been out for more than a week at this point. If it's been at least a few weeks and the issue persists, then the devs can review things.  The devs have literally mentioned how spawn rates increase with time and you essentially play as air mobile light infantry which has a fundamental weakness of lacking the ability to sustain a fight for long periods.   After a bit of experimenting, I've found the non-Stalwart mg to be a strong choice here due to the unparalleled penetrative sustained fire. The lack of mobility on reload isn't really an issue since you're defending static objectives. I beat the mission on the first try after switching it and my friend switched to EAT. Laser is pretty questionable on high level bugs since it takes the entire duration of one to kill a single titan, it has long cooldown, and limited amount of uses per mission. I use railcannon instead because it autocorrects aim and cracks open their shell for support weapons. It's about strong enough to two shot a titan. That clip double 500kg was questionable since you literally saw it walk off. You should've aimed ahead of it to least create a bigger area of guaranteed hit. I'm not sure but you're using the leggionaire body armor right? I know it has plenty of throwing distance, I use it exclusively.  I think you need to be willing to experiment more and be more accepting of failure. If you chain yourself to the meta, you are just mentally constraining yourself and limiting your ability to problem solve these missions. Failing the mission a few times before figuring out what works is okay. When you lose a mission, just take a deep breath and think about how you could've done things better. You're a YouTuber so you can also review your footage. Just imagine it was someone else and they're asking for your help on how to improve. Don't lose your cool. It took me quite a few times but I was able to complete it as a 3-man on suicide mission (7) difficulty and our 3rd man at the time is honestly not very good games, spending more time killing the two us with all manner of weapons and call-ins than the bugs. Finding a solid group to communicate and coordinate with is also a big help. Hopefully this advice will be of use to you.
Does xenos multiplayer like cockroach
Ngl, dropping into someone else’s game for a new mission on high difficulty without any knowledge of what you’re supposed to do is mad foolish.   You’re pulling a fraction of the aggro that the Silo has and running away from where you need to be. The easiest way to do it is to form a perimeter around the Silo and just constantly rotate around it until it’s done. There’s like 2-3 entry points at each silo. Just gate keep.   Whats crazier still is that you had time to win. 40 min mission and 2 silos down by 28 minute mark. Gang, you got 2 out of 3 done in 12 minutes. Everything flatlined when y’all started goin guns blazing far and away from Silo 3 and not resetting the button every time you failed to protect it.   The patch is fine, your knowledge of what to do was at fault here.  Apologize to my devs man, they don’t deserve to be catching strays over “patches” when in reality it’s just a mix of skill issue and player error. Lmao
It's meant to be difficult, just lower it if you struggle, my group completed that mission on helldive first try with a lot of struggle, I know that after some training we will be farming it, so will you, keep training Helldivers!
I had a game a few weeks ago, 20 bile titans over the 35 minute mission. Can't wait to see that type of shit this patch
you're level 50 and dont even know the objective youre the random teammates i get lmao.
I am with you. Totaly.  But: This should not destroy a still VERY GOOD GAME. I guess, they fix it soon and in a few weeks or a year, we can tell our kids: You know, when i first attempted Dificulty 8, there at least 20 Bile Titans!  :D So takt it with a grain of salt ;) (Stilll better then unplayable Games or Crashes!
****ing hunters, man.
pfff this is nothing ...
Guys, they made the same mistakes in H1! They haven't learned from their past mistakes! Their ego is too big to apologize. They are angry over people criticizing their game. What they do is gaslight and punish us for criticizing. Stop defending and making excuses for bad decisions in a product that you have paid for!
I think it's a major positive improvement being able to head shot chargers, and the bile titans are going down a lot easier. Your hyperbole is a different matter. Hard to believe these changes are "destroying" a game so quickly after launch.
We play at 9 updates don't applie to us. We win some and lose some
We played this mission on difficulty 6 last night and had the EXACT same experience with endless waves of titans, even when we stopped trying to do the batteries so breeches would stop. It was a massacre
totally skill issue we are haveing no issues after tons of runs . get good!!
nothing is broken the game is desinged  so that players need to mix the gear if everyone runs around with the best armorpiercing shit and heavy guns the little shit eats u alive... for that many terminids use the fucking flamethrower it cuts through them like a knife through butter  this whining really gets out of hand jesus christ  we had 14 Bile Titans  before they even put out the first patch  its not that those things are that difficult
On my first attempt at this mission solo I failed to activate the last solo.  What I did notice is what others have stated, if you keep restarting the reactor it will cause a bug breach and spawn more bugs.  On my second attempt I switched to a land mine start and deployed before I activated the silo.  Then concentrated my fire defending the other spots. This worked great for me as a solo in easy mode. Can’t say it how it will work on harder difficulty levels.
I'm not in high level play (still hovering at 4/5), so I can't say about regular missions. Based on what @gracecalis5421 said, it looks like the bigger problem is with Helldivers 2 communicating it's objectives and interactive objects better. Which is a problem that I think goes far past a given update, and into core release methods.  That remains to be seen, I think, depending on how things turn out. I think that this video is based on a single experience with a single mission, and so is at a high risk of missing context.
I’m fairly confused as to what the complaint is. On the highest level difficulties, do you want the mission to be extremely difficult right? If it only spawns in 12 or three bile titans, and it’s not gonna be very challenging. When I place specific mission types like the silo or high-level difficulties. I wanted to be nearly impossible to be so when I do, I feel a huge sense of accomplishment and scale.  And I want less bile titans I just play on a easier difficulty instead of saying there’s terrible balance to the game
This is a classical BAIT thumbnail, headline and you just dont know WTF you are doing xD Titan dies from 2 well placed mech rockets to the face. Or a well placed side shot opens up the side and u can use normal bullets. Mech can take 7 titans ALONE if u hit all rockets well. You are Mag dumping with an incendiary ammo where u are SUPPOSED to shoot then let them burn for maximum dmg. U should stop using it and go to the breaker or any of the 2 pump action once. You dont know the mission type and you jump in with randoms currently in a run. Chargers has a "weakened state on their legs after their SLIDE trying to stop after a charge. Charge -> Slide -> stopped(weakened) where you can use pretty much ANY weapon in the game to dmg a charger as if the leg armor was gone. You are playing a mission where breaches are 90% of the way the enemies spawn aka OFC you will get a higher number of titans and chargers at such a high difficulity. And you seem to base the entire patch on this. On anything above 6-7 dont get a gatling on such missions, get the Shield or autocannon turret or anything else like an extra orbital/airstrike and that will serve you so much better. You just need to open your eyes and admit to yourself you Fed up big on this video.
A few times you use the Gatling to pull agro, and I remember the shield generator relay has a stupid amount of health.  Given that a well positioned one can kill Bile Titans with splash damage, and they stop Charger charges while pulling all aggro as a fortification, if it could of helped?
People need to stop thinking they need to kill everything.   1)Be Quick on your feet  2) Never stop moving  3) Play the goddamn objective from second 0  When you just keep running, the enemies start to form a line/column which thins them out tremendously. That way you can pull enemies off objectives and roast them easily. Return to objective and repeat if necessary.
For anyone saying "Bugs only spawn if you start the objective" please just go into a solo lvl 9 mission and just stand still for awhile. You will be swarmed by bugs within minutes. Patrols and normal bug breaches are definitely still active in these missions
I enjoy the sheer hell on the highest 3 difficulties.
Exactly my point. The majority of players are casuals playing with randoms! And fucking hunters spawning like crazy and making you slow is nuts. Is not that the game is difficult now, just annoying to play. I don't understand why they started changing the core mechanics when the game still has so much bugs and things to tweak!
You can melee stomp with the mech by pressing the melee key. Good for dealing with those hunters at your feet. Dude, what was wrong with that? It was amazing. That was an awesome adventure.
pretty sure that was 2 titans a minute
Oh no... tha game thats meant to be difficult is properly difficult. dang. Im not saying theres not things that need to be fixed and tweaked. But I think the difficulties are appropriately difficult with maybe mild tweaking. Ive completed this once on 9 and twice on 7. Diff 7+ is supposed to be crazy stupid hard. Yall whine too much
The reason why you encountered so many bile titans is because your team activated the battery towers over and over and over again without first clearing the mobs. Activating the tower spawns more mobs that all aggro to it, aside from heavies. Learn the mission before you call the patch broken, because it seems as if the patch is working as intended in other missions and when you don't spam the battery towers.
This game is great, but I question the dev's ability to balance it at this point. The swarm war game they want to showcase ends up being a running simulator because of how ineffectual all of your tools feel.
Use smoke
Sounds like a skill issue. Get better kid
Now I gotta be on the lookout for the Doc and going diving with him.
This looks insane, keeping in mind that during 7 diff me and my team had 7 titans across ALL mission, no more than 2 at a time, but this looks absolutely not all right
The end. I couldnt have said it better. There was no need for balancing changed, everyone was happy and loved the game but the devs want to persue their version of the game so bad it ruins it
Wha...dude this is one easy thing to do...
I love how crazy this game has become on the high difficulty. absolute madness
My fav part it’s when you survive hell and hold back the hoard for what feels like forever just to find out the mission is bugged and there is no completing it.  Extremely frustrating, especially since you get absolutely nothing out of it in game and waste a ton of time out of game.
This is just the mission type with a skilled but uncoordinated team continuously spawning new waves (by activating objective after failing or completing the last one) without clearing the previous ones. And even though there were so many heavies it was handled well for a match of randoms. This is not annoyingly hard like it was before, this is challenging because it's supposed to be.
Honestly not that bad if you just slow down, did this same difficulty with a two man public. If there’s not endless bug breaches there’s not 16 bile titans.
The constant update and meta change is tiresome. It seems like every change has major implications instead of incremental change.
Easy solution to people's difficulty problems with chargers and Titans. TURN THE DIFFICULTY DOWN. Everybody's been asking for nerfs on enemies. But there's a reason why the last difficulties are called suicide, impossible, helldiver it's because they're meant to be extreme challenges you would play most games on normal or hard. Exactly why do people think need to be playing on the hardest difficulties the rewards aren't worth it you cap out currencies and levels easy because it's a live service you're not meant to be there yet. People keep telling themselves they need those super samples but you really don't because the bonuses really aren't that great far from needed. Play on a comfortable difficulty
Not sure if anyone will ever see this, but has anyone noticed this guy pretty much goes into this game with the intent of complaining about it? It seems to be a recurring theme in this channel and hearing his in-game audio in other videos, you can tell that he immediately whines as soon as things don't go as expected.  Props to him though, he has a good voice for YouTube and actually does a pretty good job at hiding the negative undertones, but it's definitely there
I’m just a sadist so i love this difficulty level
Skill issue from not clearing previous waves. This vid is clickbait at worst, misinformed at best.
It's probably because whenever you start activating a tower it triggers a wave spawn. If you stopped activating and let your cooldowns run out and resupply you should've been fine
My ego isn’t that big, ill play this on as easy of a difficulty as i can to get wins for the major order
I have to agree, I've been playing 7 highest only as we still have no good way to take out heavies. I went in with a team of AT and Mech yet the heavy will just steam roll past level 7 due to they always spawn insanely close. Hell I have Bug holes appear right next to the Silos causing instance failure because we got a charger and Titan out of one. This isn't mentioning all the small and medium bugs.  Also doesn't help they haven't fixed the "patrol spawning right next to your group and they will follow you even when making no noise causing another breach or drop ship to spawn.
Wow all I'm hearing is waa waa waa from every patch that drops that tweaks the game.  Meta this, Meta that, yall ever Meta Woman? Jeez bro
This is a skill issue. play difficulty 5 instead.
You know what I do when I think the game is too hard? Turn the difficulty down. Level 7 is fine to play casually with randoms without being too easy, and you can get all the samples. Only go up from 7 with a coordinated team. I'm sorry but that's how it's designed. Too many people cry because they can't solo the hardest difficulty. It SHOULD be nearly impossible
Maybe update is meant to reduce their natural/breach spawns?  In this mission, there are multiple breach-like spawns on steroids, when activating silos. If that very silo is damaged enough, you have to re-do them (including all of its breaches). That was the biggest problem with silo 3 in the video. Instead of clearing as many of them as possible and retrying it, someone kept restarting the silo for total of 6 times, and enemies just kept stacking up. But yeah, 5 titans from that very first silo also isn't making it much better xd  Regardless, wouldn't say it's fair to say "the spawns are much worse than they used to", especially when the argument in question is in a *new gamemode* with many forced breach spawns.
The teams I did the silo missions with, usually do EMS Mortars and have some mechs, usually 2, just to defend the silo while the other two would take 500KG bombs or railcannon and a support weapon to spawn kill the bug breaches, I would either take a Autocannon or maybe a Grenade launcher or flamethrower but to prevent friendly fire I stick to autocannon best.  On Helldive.
Or, and I could be wrong. But activate silo number 3? Do the objective?
Watched this just to hear complaining at the end?  Seems the puzzle here is to get the objective done in the chaos.  You said yourself many times, you didn't know the objective.  One crack at is also isn't enough to judge if the balance is good or not.
I dropped in a game where already 500 titans run around it wasn't fun at all
Yeah, this video is basically unintentional misinformation.
dev was right when he said skill issue.
What an absolute mess this game became, its just awful.
People will eventually realize the problems this game has isnt a skill 'git good' issue but instead the game has genuinely questioable design choices that more often than not go against the players no matter what they bring in or how good they are. Those that are living in blissful ignorance will see it themselves when they hit the wall of the higher difficulties.   I absolutely love this game with upwards of 120+ hours but I'll be the first to say this game on higher levels is absolutely out of whack and needs more refining and tuning. As it stands difficulties 7-9 are playable for me and my buddy but we actively would rather play 6 or 5 so we can have fun instead of frustratingly pushing through this slough of torture the game's higher difficulties have now due to the out of whack spawns of heavies and massive enemies. It's like being punched in the nuts over and over and being asked, "isn't this fun!?!".  Great video and know you aren't alone in these observations of a game that I genuinely love but realize has some serious issues still.
I know this isnt what you want to hear. Lower the difficulty. If you're not having fun because the game is too hard, and there's an 8 on your screen, there is someone very specific at fault. The patches made the game harder. Adjust your standards. Whether the game should be THIS hard is up for debate, but what's important is you have fun with it until the devs dial in the game to where they want it to be. Good luck out there, Helldivers.
Yup as expected hopped on with randoms just to see if it really is that bad, no not even close if you actually finish the bugs or get them to a manageable amount.
I disagree with you, my squad pulled off the hardest difficulty before, i bet many of you have aswell. And it wasnt that hard in the beginning. The game is clearly constantly changing dont feel stepped on your shoes if you dont like one minor change. For Liberty
1 Squillion??  I think you might be exaggerating a bit.
TA music takes me back. Thanks for that and also holy shit those BTs
I found my first foray into this mission at helldive was fine. There were heaps of chaff, but that’s fine my dog put in work. I reckon I didn’t see 20 bile titans, probs closer to a dozen. And we managed it with 3 people. I think the difficulty(from my singular attempt at termicide) is perfectly fine. We’ll definitely need that squad drop for solo however. The eat works very well too. I reckon if everyone runs something like mech, las dog, 500, and eat. The mission should be a cakewalk. I’m pre sure my dog got 300 kills and only 300 team damage
Arent insane spawn rates all the fun fighting bugs? Oo How easy do you want it: Yes.
Balance is Regression.
Why does this still look so chill to me
It's getting tiring seeing the constant bitching of these youtubers I swear. Either git gud or shut the fuck up and ease off on your whining.
L youtuber take
there should me max limit on bugs.. or give us no CD on stratagems...
get gud
What shotgun are you using in the clip
I feel it does need some tweaking. I understand that using your stratagems is vital but that’s just for to many for what we have in game. Games still amazing tho just needs some tweaks
I have a feeling joel was watching you play and didn't want you to win but to push u to your vary limits
I've never seen a community lose their shit more over simple balancing changes than this one. You guys are so fucking entitled it's incredible. Call a fucking Wahmbulance.
its definitely a skill issue, if you play on difficulties 7 or higher you should be skilled enough to kill biles and chargers on sight. If you cant then go down a difficulty, the one you're in is to hard for you. nothing wrong with that, no one is gonna make fun of you, if the difficulty your on is not fun then go down
While this is rough, that is on your group. Every time the silo gets triggered, waves start spawning, including bile titans. Silo gets unstable and stops and the randoms keep on mashing the buttons, without clearing first --> Recipe for disaster. If you clear properly, and use your 40 minutes on this tiny ass map, it's fine.
I swear this guy makes these videos just for the "Get Good" backlash engagement. Definitely goes out of their way to trigger it. Yeah, I'm part of the problem. But honestly, don't mash the buttons till you're cleared and set up. Having to clear three to five titans on one objective comes pretty par for the course on high difficulties and a squad properly kitted should be pretty well equipped to handle it.
Bad take, maybe learn the mission before you say it’s broken, maybe play some other missions before you say the update is bad
Dislike and ignore for democracy.
unless im having an extremely different experience then everyone else, helldiver difficulty is far easier than this and I've only played helldiver since i unlocked it. It could be a bug messing with the spawn rates on lower difficulties.
not understanding this mission is hilarious. it literally says activate then defend silos 12&3 so id assume the three massive silos labeled 12&3 activating and defending them makes sense like cmon
Total Annihilation OST. GG.
make it a set amount of bio titans per map, the endless spawns are a chore ffs
I think it’s really fun to have all these titans, but we need more firepower to deal with it.
Wait a sec, I unlock 8 difficulty today and I thought that such a number of Titans is normal and went through the missions as usual
That was absolutely WILD. We need more commentary like this in this community. "The cope is endless" is my new favorite commentary. Also your continued use of music from Total Annihilation is amazing. GGs, great vid!
bro is the fastest 500 bomb typer in the west
Only thing devs need to do is buffing rewards for termicide missions
to be somewhat fair here, it is important to knoe what to do in this particular mission, since you need to focus on the objective while being under constant enemy attack. So the more you kill the bugs the more will spawn, instead try to defend the mission objecives. For example when you charge the batteries, the bugs will focus on those, not on you, allowing you a more defnsive playstyle (try using the shield sentry and flamethrower combo, it works wonders here).  What I would like so see is if the other mission are just as swarmed as this type of mission. If the Tower mission is the only type of mission that swarmed, I`m somewhat ok with it, since it forces you to a different playstyle.  Keep in mind I'm not saying that it is perfectly balanced.
Maybe understand the mission!  Rather than just random players doing random stuff to draw more enemies!  Drop on or near the base.  Quick elimination of bugs or stealth to press main button to bring three towers online.  Setup defense on a single tower .   Any explosions around the base of the tower quickly unbalances the tower forcing a reset! Most likely leading to failure.   Don’t put up a mortar with range of the tower your squad is protecting.  If your squad is using them place way out there where past where the bugs breach spawn.    Also be careful of 500kg and barrages.  No when near the active tower!   If a tower fails.  Clear out all bugs around it or move to another tower.  The.Setup your defense.  Mines, sentries, emplacements.   Then push the button with squad covering the paths in.   Also once a tower is online, don’t go back there a bomb it or push the button again!    Knowing is half the battle, Helldiver! 🤓😂  Crying over lack of teamwork and not knowing your randomly spawning everything isn’t very Democratic! 🤔
I'm all for better balancing, but to be honest, my takeaway from this video was: you made it through about 2/3 of the mission, in a game called "Helldivers", on a difficulty literally called "Impossible", without even knowing what the objective was or how the mission type worked.  Your team had plenty of time, and you seemed to be making good progress right up until 4:18, with only a single sub-objective to go, 9 reinforces left and almost a half hour remaining on the clock. Yes, it looks extremely difficult and stressful, but then it should, on the second highest difficulty this game offers. If you had been destroyed right at the very start, I would get your point, but you lost this game at silo number 3, due to reasons other people have listed here already. Even then, your host ragequit with 20 minutes left on the clock, instead of the team getting clear, regrouping and cleaning up before trying again.   I do agree with some of the minor fixes, though. Rocket glitch and supply pod vaulting need to be taken care of.
I recently had a game where I put (not an exaggeration) 11 Mech Rockets into A bile titans head, followed by a 500KG bomb... And it still kept coming for us.
Wish I could play this, sadly got the difficulty bug and can’t progress past hard difficulty
The People are to slow 😅 why should i shoot on the 20 Bugbreach ...less time more Enemys 🤙 ...but yeah thats a bit much 17 🫣🤤😅 And why is nobody do the mission? ...bot's ^^
Looks like the bugs are as bad as the robots now.
I couldn't agree more. This is getting ridiculous. Even in the lower leveled missions. I tried to do a challenging with a buddy the other day. Just the two of us. (And I and I'm sure others use to do these by ourself no problem) we couldn't even complete the first of 3 objectives. Bile titans, chargers everywhere. Anyone notice the chargers can like side swipe you now too when you go to dodge them MID CHARGE
Me and my buddies attempted this last night, and it took us several attempts, yeah heavies everywhere.
I was playing last night on difficulty 9 and one of my games had 8 bile titans at once.
The termicide missions are kind of a unique case right now. The towers spawn breaches EVERY TIME you activate one and every time you reactivate one after it gets destabilized. Its creating a feedback loop where you activating the tower spawning a breach, bugs destabilize the tower, you reactivate and spawn another breach adding more bugs to the party, destabilize even faster, etc. etc. until you run out of reinforcement. It's kinda shitty mission design, tbh. There should be some cooldown before activating the same tower can spawn another breach.  The trick as far as I can tell is to treat each tower activation as it's own thing. Activate it, defend it, if it destabilizes clear the whole breach and reset before trying again.
i refuse to watch videos with negative titles like this. youre just spreading bad will for no reason and trying to spoil the game for people who like it.
Man after the last 2 major updates I am just not enjoying the game anymore.  Especially yesterday's.  The terminid defense mission type is boring and tedious AF and the mob and elite spawns are worse than ever.  If tomorrow's war bond doesn't make it make sense I'm gonna be out for a while.
the problem with this mission is that whenever you start a silo it triggers multiple bug breaches from different angles, its actually generally not too bad if you are playing with a communicative lobby/friends but since stratagems like the 500kg bomb significantly damage the silo bile titans specifically are a problem.  On the other hand I'm pretty sure an enemy cap often is achieved in these missions as of right now, so if your team is struggling with a silo sometimes you can solo grab the other 2 with little to no issue.
8:20 same man, same
Man's complaining, but situations like this is why the game is so amazing. Level 8 an 9 should be completely absurd and near impossible. The game isn't being destroyed, you played on the 2nd hardest difficulty in a game with 9 difficulties. You're supposed to struggle in this game and it's actually refreshing. I remember how easy Deep Rock became on the hardest difficulties. I'm happy that 20 titans are showing up.
Do lower difficulties if you can't accomplish the mission
Oops all Bile Titans!
its suicide difficulty for a reason. what the word (suicide) mean its not suppose to be easy
its a mission issue not a skill issue, you really need to try and clear stuff out before hitting the button as it seems to just force spawns regardless of difficulty level; its just the bug versions of the automaton scientist mission really a pain in the butt to complete if things go south
Requesting some Super ODM gear for all these titans
Well your team was trash, I played this mission with full squad with my friends and we did it pretty smoothly, but we learned about the mission first in difficulty level 5, then we did it in 7 and 9. Tough mission for solo players not gonna lie, but this shouldn't be a solo game.
I was able to do a helldive termicide mission with one use rockets, gas orbital (for the little spawns, fast recharge), 500 kg, and guard dog.
PRO TIP:  If you are on PC go to Keyboard settings and change the bindings for your Stratagem call-ins from [WASD] to the arow keys so you can keep moving while calling them in. Another tip, change sprinting from HOLD to TAP so you can keep sprinting while calling in your stratagems.
Yea idk about this one. How easy do you want this to be? Youre on a difficulty called HELLDIVE expecting a walk in the park. Yes its much harder than it was but if you didnt waste so much you wouldnt have had nearly as much resource issues. Also if you and your team stayed more together in order to get more out of each strategem. You would again have a much easier time. So maybe learn the game before you try the HARDEST DIFFICULTY.
I disagree, it should be very hard on higher difficulty, kind of like pvp ranks, not everyone should be able to ever play on difficulty 8-9, just like other pvp games where some playes will never reach platinum/diamond ranks. At launch i was able to plast through difficulty 9 like nothing with my friends,  it was kind of the norm to play on max difficulty because anything except 9 was too easy, the game started to be boring since it did not pose any difficulty.
Either they buffed the health of bile titans, or the orbital railcannon and 500kg are just bugged. They don’t 1 shot them anymore. I hit a bile Titan dead center with a 500kg and the thing walked away unscathed. No armor broken or bleeding. Same with the railcannon strike.
This is for sure just people not realizing the mistakes they are making. Hitting the silos over and over and over again is just not paying attention at all. Take one silo at a time. I've done 5 of these are helldiver and never have i run into this issue. Are hunter more prevalent yes and are they are annoying yes but that being said the way the game is now is fine. It's supposed to be hard!!!
i mean, having not played yet take it with a grainn of salt, but speaking just from what ive been watching its a bit gratuitous but its a survival horde shooter, thats what these games do, they push you to the brink of what you think you can survive
So ya'll are saying... living creatures that can feel the big ass vibrations of the silos and smell the toxins SHOULDN'T react and send their toughest bugs to stop the... SUPER BUG SPRAY? Ya'll are a joke, ngl.
Sincerely hope Arrowhead sees this and seriously considers what you are saying. Wholeheartedly agree.
You clearly have no idea how this mission type works - you guys were constantly reactivating the silos before you were able to regroup, which inadvertently lead to your team inducing more and more bile titan spawns. I can say this from experience - this mission is pretty manageable even on helldive as long as you play carefully and communicate with your team when activating the individual silos. The only way to see this amount of bile titans is if you're constantly spamming the activation button on each silo after every failure without clearing the area beforehand. Next time you should probably do a bit more research on the mission type before publishing a video like this.
to be honest, i feel like the game is called HELLDIVERS i never played the first but if they ninth difficulty is called HELLDIVE then i expect it to be HELL, i feel like you aren’t supposed to win. that’s the point, just turn down the difficulty.
Omg how many funjakilo bombs were there?
Seems like over tuned spawns. Yes silos cause bug breaches but the sheer numbers with titans is ridiculous.
I don't see anything wrong with the spawns, I liked the gameplay before this update better more headshots for heavys was fun
Damn that's wild. Play a lower difficulty :)
I would like to say 3 Things:  1.: This is due to the mission type you are running. Termicide missions are REALLY hard. They spawn breaches every time you activate the silo. Meaning if you fail the defense and reactivate it right away, youre in for a rude awakening as that instantly spawns more enemies both in breaches AND heavies on the horizon.  2.:Who in their right mind wastes a stratagem slot on a Gatling sentry? You should be running Oribtal Railgun instead of a meager chaff clearing sentry.  3.: Running the breaker incediary is just sad. Take out the slugger if you want to clear mediums or take the Punisher if you need to clear lots of chaff.
i have a screenshot with 6 bile titans in the same frame on helldive.... that was a nightmare.
skill issue
skill issue🤭
I'll be honest, I like that these highest difficulties are...difficult, they should feel absolutely unbeatable, I think they are doing a good job with that, a game can be bullshit, and hard but still fun, adrenaline and terrified vibes are in my opinion a good thing.
the issue is really with the ammo limits. even calling in resupply on cooldown every time is nowhere near what you need. i could deal with the swarms if i had any hope of having enough ammo to. maybe give 7+ a second resupply call in?
sounds like a skill issue to me  also  "The mission is undoable"  "i don't even know what to do and i am useless"  Maybe try the mission on easier difficulty to understand it instead if calling the game unbalanced... doing everything wrong and then complain about the game... yea big brain time
The way I see it, it seems like you're the only one that brought in anything to kill titans, I think you'd have better luck if everyone brought at least 1 anti titan stratagem, the spawn rates are crazy but it'd be more manageable if more than 1 person would care to take them out.
Cry baby
But some people are saying the game is a cakewalk even on helldive difficulty now.
This is definitely a skill issue, you need to understand how game mechanics work, the breaches are a result of silo activations (ofc you wouldn't know that being your first one), and you can't blame the game for your lack of knowledge. Also, normal missions are much easier now, this is meant to be hard that's what makes it fun!!
Number 15: Bile Titan Fascist Agenda  The last thing you'd want in your Bile Titan is someone's fascist agenda, but as it turns out, that might be what you get.
all i see is i picked helldive and didn't expect to see hell?
Ya this is a good example of what makes the game frustrating but it won't stop people from saying it's skill or team based. There's three types of players here. Those who simply want to defend the game no matter what, including part of the dev team. Those who want to see the game go through constructive feedback. And then those who just want the game to get easier. Quite honestly those trying to outright defend it are ignoring the constructive feedback because they are hearing the complaints from those who want it to be easier and then just writing off constructive feedback. In reality the game desperately needs constructive feedback to be filtered through far more often then we see because it needs it implemented or we will see alot more decline.
NGL. That footage looked *fun* since you guys were *seemed* to be doing well enough. I'm not saying it *was* but like... Managing to take down 20 Bile Titans seems almost like a brag more than a complaint.
You should try some missions before posting on YT. Maybe lower the diff to lvl 7 until you get how the new mission type works before trying lvl 9 again. I get that you're trying to be the FIRST and get those sweet sweet views but was it worth it to make you look like a clown?
"We WiLl fIx tHe SpAwNs" I uninstalled this trash. Its garbage. The developers act like all knowing gods that ignore their QA, this is the 3rd time they fucked up, the community is just "git gud" kids and at this point this game just needs to die off.
My guy i believe it’s just a skill issue and bad teammates. I’ve seen worse against the terminids and automatons. While sure 8 or more bile titans is insane they were all killed no? Or at least majority of them.
Reading the comments, it looks like it’s legit a skill issue on your part.
Bro just discovered that games can be difficult
All of you complaining sound like a bunch of Sally's, me and my buddy on launch, got to Helldive under level 15 and we have never stopped farming Helldive. We use every weapon and every call in depending on the mission and the mood we are in. Instead of complaining about the updates appreciate just how easy Helldivers 2 is before they actually increase the difficulty. Instead of trying to farm the views of bugs that don't affect real gameplay, try just playing the game. There is no bad "Meta" , there is annoyances , but most importantly there is Super Earth.
The game feels less fun and more tedious right now and I don't know why.
i completed 2 of these missions solo on helldive so far... so i dont think its the game.. plus if youre doing 8 and 9 without stealth ofcourse your going to get constantly swarmed..  Get gud scrub.....
Survive chargers even bile titans. Gets instanted killed by hunters
Might as well be horde mode 😂
Go down a difficulty
This update isn’t hard, u just suck my guy 😂
Me and my friends had a 7 game that had Biles and chargers but every enemy besides them was hunters and pouncers. The increased rank and chaff spawns are okay but when they are all hunters and its variants is insane
If the devs weren't actually involved and making changes in real time then there would be a problem. Can you really call yourself a helldiver if you're not diving into hell for democracy suck it up buttercup
TL;DR: This isn't a skill or a balance issue. This is just hubris.  This is literally complaining because you had a single bad experience playing a new mode you have 0 experience with on the second highest difficulty with a PUBLIC group. That's like making your first dive into Malevalon Creek a level 9 Helldive with a group of people who have never even seen an automaton. You're gonna have a bad time. You talk about toxic positivity but you haven't even taken the time to understand what it is you're criticizing. Isn't that just as bad if not worse?
So, we don't want them at the same time, we don't want them coming in turns, guess we want a specific number of tanky enemies. Great, let's make a credit post about it! XD  edit: We see, 4 people, prems or not doesn't matter as no one really cares, we all play for fun, gaming in a top 3 difficulty level, created for strategic play, try their luck, in a special setting, which pits you in a death arena style of gameplay, meant to destroy you. With objectives that draw all the aggro of smaller enemies and turn the arena in 2x as hard as before. You all expect this quad to be able to do the mission in the first try? why does the game have to be easy in higher difficulties? As time progresses the map becomes harder and harder, you can see that by the spawn rate. We all know by now that the devs, apart from patches and changes, have left the game riddled with secrets for us to find out, and playstyles to explore. Most of the players stick with meta weapons and builds and do not bother to learn the game, just blast through it. For all of you, in the future, the game will be unplayable in lvl 9 difficulty. (even more so) As someone stated bellow, an example is the bile that was between the player and the supplies. You can just dive underneath it, and just bypass it, almost no one has ever tried it. How many know how to properly dodge a charger? use the friendly fire of other mobs? it's not being sweaty, its using everything in your advantage. Chargers have, as all bugs, a weak point and low limb hp, still no one cares about the weak point, they wanted to creat a new one, in the limbs, and when that was nerfed, dev had to make the head of the charger, (THE HEAD OF THE CHARGES.... imagine that...) a weak point so you can hit it and kill him... What I want to say is that, the game has a lot of information that is still not discovered or being outright thrown out of the windows, because people never had to explore it. They just went in and blasted shit even in lvl 9. You can still do that, but now it is properly set for lower difficulties. Game is fun no matter how you play. Stop coping the way others have fun with it!
Yup they fkin broke the titans, their hp seems so inconsistent,  sometimes its fair: 1 500kg will do the job and sometimes it takes 1 500kg a reinforce pod 2 rockets to the face and it still not dead...? Please fix this its nonsense. And yes totally agree with you, the game at launch was probably the best version we got
I agree that it’s ridiculous, but it’s also the second hardest difficulty. I like playing on difficulty 6-7 because that’s where my skill is and I have fun
And thank you for being the only one who's being honest... When have people like Cloud plays can milk this game for free videos a day and are constantly jerking the devs off and ignoring all the actual problems
Some people think the expendable AT is better than the recoilless rifle because the cooldown is much shorter. I haven’t personally tried it but that’s what I’ve heard.
i think the only way to make a balance in the Situation we need a type of thing could be a weapon or strike for late game like you get them at lvl 45-50 or some like that  deal with those titans
It comes to the difficulty level one picks.  Extreme - 6, Suicide Mission - 7 and Impossible - 8.  They are made is such a way you fail way more than win.  I love that aspect.  Impossible.
That mission is very tough on higher difficulties. There isn’t enough ammo or stratagems to keep up with the waves of titans, chargers and chaff.
I got the rocket glitch the very first time I used the mech, brought it in, jumped in, fired the rocket, blew up.   At that point I just quit the game.
Nah man you didn't even know the goal and didn't even care about learning how the enemy spawning works. This is like running around an endless wave of zombies after you that never stops spawning because you aren't doing what you are supposed to be doing and then being surprised. Horrible take with a horrible reasoning ngl
Bro just lower the difficulty, istg it's just not worth to play on haz 7+
We ran this mission yesterday in level 9 and we were able to do it. You have to equip more turrets and spear works really well against titans. Also Orbital Rail y more effective against them.
"ive been in this for all around 5 minutes" But on the top right says 27:30 lmao. its been 13 minutes, not 5
hahaha and only is level 8... helldiver is crazy
I’ve been playing suicide-helldive difficulty and honestly, I’m glad it has this many bile titans and chargers. Like for real, stop playing the hardest insane difficulties and complaining it’s not easy. It’s insane. “I didn’t know the hot coffee cup would ACTUALLY have hot coffee. I thought it just ‘says’ that. Shouldn’t be that hot.”
Wait till you try the Automatons.  They headshot like crazy now.  A level 4 is now close to a level 6-7 with their aimbot.
You guys are doing this mission wrong btw. Stop spam hitting the button without clearing the swarm. Everytime you do you're just restarting all the breeches. You have so many bile titan because YOU ARE CALLING THEM IN
do not use so much rockets on the charger, one rocket to the leg turns it orange, finish with 2 sec. gaitling
why are you playing in such a high difficulty?
The orbitale ... SMH laser is so weak its ridiculous. But he nerf more Weapons..... SMH
Also I love how they killed the meta that was attr least diverse... And now?... EVERY game is recoiless rife, 500k, and laser.... Every game... The whole team... What a great change.. Removed the fun and forced and even MORE restrictive and necessary meta
I mean, you literally did do this mission wrong, but you don't want to hear that. This mission is quite literally like the geo survey missions, it spawns constant breaches.
"this constant balance regressions are killing the game" to me it just looks like you want some stupid ez chill game, but thats not what helldivers has become reknown for, actually the opposite because high difficult missions are meant to be a fucking hell
Don’t worry if I remember correctly the dev said it’s a “skill issue” that you’re not able to complete helldiver missions etc 🤷🏻‍♂️
Bro don't reinforce people on top of an enemy swarm, wtf you doing  P.S: As the level name suggests it should be impossible to complete the mission if you don't have teamwork, the right stratagems and a plan. You played with randoms and nobody was writing/using their microphone, how do you except to succeed at such difficulty level?
If I knew that they were going to bring in more Hunters stalkers bio Titans to compensate for the Chargers I would have stayed with having the Chargers. This is their way of saying " y'all f***** up" lol
Bro if you're playing at that level, you shouldn't be having any issue dealing with that many bile titans. My squad handles that many JUST FINE and we play exclusively on helldive. If you're not good enough to play at that level, move to an easier difficulty level. It's called impossible difficulty for a reason. STOP TRYING TO GET THE DEVS TO MAKE THE GAME EASIER, THAT'S NOT WHAT WE WANT!!!
You are fixating so hard on clearing bugs instead of focusing on protecting objectives. You don't have to instant clear bile titans, they can just be kited and appear indifferent to objectives. You don't even need to clear all the enemies most the time before starting the objective if you actually strategize to protect it with area denial stratagems. Calling the game broken without complete information and one attempt at the mission as evidence is the average internet user knee jerk play ngl. Its difficulty 8, the game should be hard and you should not just expect to instantly succeed in this new mission type.
This happened to me too, we literally just left after the 11th bike Titan. At one point their was 4 bile titans and 6 chargers at the same time. We had no stratagems left, no ammo, we just kept running around the map waiting before we decided to just leave since we hadn't even gotten 1 silo done
If i had bought the game today and see the state of it, i would probably refund it to be honest... i still play it, but pretty much only do the daily objective. I had so much fun in this game in the past, before all the "tweaks" in mobs spawns.
But is this all missions or just this specific type? Maybe we aren't meant to accomplish this? Lst I heard the ticker compared to the timer is not looking good.
I don't know why a big patriotic power Tripp for high skill players was such an issue....  Like why is fun bad? This isn't fun anymore. It was fun having big groups to push you to the Brink followed by a little lull while you travel(except EVERY point of interest which was populated with enemies) and getting missions done as a group felt fun and good. Now it's a boring rush around slog and disappointment.  I just miss when this game as fun... And I have over 100 hours so it's not like I wasn't having fun. But since the march 6th patch? I've played maybe 4 times. That's down from 4-8 hours a DAY....  I would have refunded this game if I knew this was the direction it was gonna go.
Its not that bad. The main issue is the team constantly activating the silo with out clearing everything out. I'm not blaming them though. I did this too when i first played the mission. Knowing that its basically a hoard mode that you can control the waves for makes it way easier.   So the reason 20ish bile titans spawned is because someone was mashing that silo with out clearing the field. It would get swarmed, deactivate, and they would start it up again.
Ah yes the 500kg .. better known as the "oh no where was a pebbel between the impact point and the hitbox of an enemy 2 meters away thus the target took no damage at all" bomb
Thank Christ someone else is saying it. There are so many videos on YouTube in denial over what an absolute dumpster fire this rework has been.  There was nothing any of you could have done, but you'll still have people telling you it's a skill issue and that they handled worse -all with no evidence of course  20 bile titans in the starting area!? Why not have them attack you on the ship? In the loading screen? The democracy officer next to the mission select-secret bile Titan the whole time
They're like oh so you guys don't like Chargers sure we'll take away Chargers here's some more Bile Titsns instead😅 this is definitely a punishment for complaining about this being too hard. Just like when my child wants to do dishes but they want to do it their way, so I let them do it their way and then as soon as they think they're done I tell them to now to do it my way.. 😂
This is the nature of the game, and me and my friends find it lots of fun because of how chaotic it is. If you don’t like it play a lower difficulty
I learned this recently, and rather late being as i avidly do helldive difficulty so i feel a bit silly for not knowing this until now But bile titans main threat is their spew, at least for me, learned blowing out their belly makes them unable to spew Learning this has made them unbelievably easier to deal with for me
I'm really starting to get the impression the devs don't even playtest shit anymore and since I'm sure they can't play anything about T5 they have no idea what's going on with their game.
Helldivers 2 is in a good state right now. Weapons are balanced, spawn rates are balanced. It's just your team that doesn't know how to play the map that's the issue. You guys are forcefully spawning them every time you activate the objective. It's a basic defense mission that's easy to follow if you read the briefing.  There was no issue with the game.
well, aside from the insane amount of titans,  i see what you guys did wrong here. recoiless rifle is the wrong strategem, just use the expendable, 70 second cooldown and it can be lowered i believe, tesla tower, and an hmg emplacement is VERY useful.  aside from that, either 500kg or the railgun orbital. or when starting up the match communicate with your team what needs to be covered.
Yesterday I tried to play level 5 just to get 7 charger spawns at drop point squad wipe, Level seven had fewer chargers but 6 bile Titians charged us. This update made heavy spawns more frequent and also just more hunters and we take more damage from them. Its getting to be impossible to play for low levels because level 5 and level 9 are about the same difficulty rn.
It's just about you. I did this mission in helldive mode with a friend and two randoms, and that was fine. You just need to understand how it works, have game vision, and do a real strategy, not just running around, shooting stuff, and clicking buttons. You won't improve if you can"t realize that.
Imagine  if like *gasp* 4 people had rockets
My friend told me that there was an audio log in game that stated that for this mission the new weapon made the bugs produce more bugs to fight against the weapon. So I assume that’s why there are so many bugs
Lotta cope in here. You joined an SOS beacon for difficulty 8 on a new mission that most people don't understand. You guys just fundamentally did not understand the mission's mechanics about how bug breaches spawn when you activate a silo. Your teammates were reactivating it while still battling leftovers from the previous attempt. Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if the leftovers of a breach naturally called in their own bug breach, and then one of your teammates activated the silo. Think of the Geo Survey mission and how you *KNOW* that when you activate that mining unit, there is going to be a breach.   You don't have to sweat to not get mopped in D8 post-update. Next time, try the TCS on a lower difficulty to get used to the mechanics before dropping into a D8 game with randoms and wondering why you didn't make it past 30 minutes.
This didnt look that bad tbh
If you can't handle the heat, play on an easier difficulty
I appreciate the Total Annihilation music after the rage quit
That was not it
lul bad
You joined while the mission was already underway. 7 mins have already elapsed on the timer in your gameplay. It's not like they spawned 30 seconds into the mission.  I feel like some people are so adverse to missions being difficult by design when they are literally playing on the second to highest difficulty setting currently available lmao
Dude the railgun even on unsafe mode fully charged barely even scratches the armored enemies.
Play on a lower difficulty bro.
Cowardice! Your super earth family would be ashamed of your failure to protect them.
playing a higher difficulty for better rewards then crys when its difficult….typical
They need to decrease stratagem cools downs by 30-40% of higher difficulties are going to continue to go this way. They probably also need to buff primary weapon damage.
how do you make your cursor look like that in game?
Shocker the second highest difficulty requires solid teamwork and you cant solo carry through it. These are the exact same arguments we've been hearing from the casual D2 players.
They should bring up the amount of ammo in your clip and amount of mags you can have total. Especially if they ain’t gonna buff the damage of your weapon, I hate that the assault rifle is weaker then a damn SMG it just don’t make sense unless range matters in the game which is kinda doesn’t seem to be the case.  Also I’ve been playing world war Z and I feel like they have it balanced well with spawn rates of special enemies. I’d rather have more regular enemies on screen than 4 special ones all at once.
7:12 it didnt work because you missed... so much complaining when you said yourself in the beginning of the video that you dont understand the game mode. Maybe take the time to learn how it works before souring so many peoples mouths over nothing who may potentially not want to try the game because of people like you. Every time you do or fail an objective on TCS missions it triggers a bug breach. For higher difficulties... this means bile titans. Theres your answer to your problem. Either lower the difficulty or get with a dedicated squad who understands the missions and can execute the obj. This game was made by indi devs and they absolutely have out done themselves, balancing is a process that takes time and complaining without understanding the mechanics and especially making videos on it will push for unfavorable balance changes.
That's what I'm saying like imagine fighting bots on Helldive and I got some losers talking about skill issue when 7 huks with  rockets are on me
This guy got popular from helldivers and he's nearly instantly milking it for non existent drama and complaining that he's bad at it. It's sad
Yea no. The new mission type is borderline unplayable at high difficulties right now. 7 is just barely manageable while 8-9 still just swarm you with chargers and titans. Defending the silo's is super hard when you gotta deal with tons of heavies that demand your attention while simultaneously worrying about the small gribblies resetting your progress.
"Im on difficulty eight and this is insanely difficult! So unfair!"  I dont think that the 2nd hardest difficulty is what you should play on when trying a mission type for the first time. The mission type is you setting up a system that is basically going to pump out pesticide that will kill all of the bugs, they will send everything at you (bug breach will spawn when you click  the button)  There are difficulty problems with the game, most prominently squads spawning from thin air on top of you or getting mech reinforcements called because someone saw you from 300m away... not you not knowing how a mission works and posting a video about how awful it is on the second hardest difficulty.
>horde mode >keep pressing "unleash horde button" >WTF BROS THERE'S SO MANY ENEMIES THIS UPDATE SUCKS  What you don't understand is that this mission has random spawns that are gonna be assigned to the SILO you activate and everytime you restart it, the horde that was selected for it will come back, so if one silo triggers a bug breach with a BT and people CONSTANTLY restart the SILO you'll just have infinite titans roaming because they will restart the bug breach every single time. This is compounded by the fact that stratagems can destroy the SILO progress, tell your teammates to stop bombing the fuckn silo and pressing buttons without clearing shit first
And this here is why the railgun needed a nerf 🙃. On PC without PS5 players it could only take out 2 Bile Titans on its full ammo capacity. But of course that was actually busted beyond belief. You're actually not supposed to have any good way of dealing with Bile Titans.
Seems like you were doing fine
Rail gun used to be able to one shot a titan with a perfect shot. But usually it would take 3 well placed headshots to kill it. Now… it’s like 10-15 shots…
cry more
So much salt and qq here, learn the mission mechanics first instead of posting video of making clown of yourself. 🤡
For all the players having issues with the difficulty.   Skill Issue
LETS MAKE THIS CLEAR YOUR ARGUEMENT is literally it's too hard AND YOUR NOT THE BRST IN THE WORLD OR EVEN CLOSE SO YES EVERY COMMENT ABOUT you doing this or that wrong is correct because some people it comes easy to and they would like a challenge yes 4 good players playing together without scaling would like a challenge you child  bump down the difficulty stop complaining that's why it's there this is like a stupid child saying let's make school easier so everyone can do it, it cuts off the people at the top and the bottom why don't u argue that's difficulty 1 is too easy and they should only have 3-6 cause that's not the game u want Thank you for your opinion but this is your answer on how that plays out I'm so glad these devs seem some what competent and will watch this vid and be like like lol good it's working people can't jack themselves off by playing the hardest thing thinking their good at the game when in relatiy ur not good  turn it down to 7 and get better
I think the big issue is someone keeps resetting the silo while you're still completely overwhelmed. The silos have health, and spawn multiple bug breaches which each have a chance at things from swarms of hunters, to chargers, to Bile Titans. This is a *high* intensity mission no matter the difficulty, and you can friendly fire the towers too so one badly placed Cluster bomb leaves you with 0 silo progress, and a fuck ton of bugs from the breaches. You have to take these things in tight control, much more akin to a proper defense mission than just spamming the civvies like we've been doing in the rescue missions. This situation was made a thousand times harder by the large amount of resetting of the silos going on, because that guarantees at least 2-4 more bug breaches.
These YouTubers will make negative videos regardless of what the devs do. They fixed spawns and nerfed chargers but on this specific mission for our major order, every time you start the silos, you activate a bug breech. Maybe stop constantly pressing the silo and activating an infinite amount of bug breeches before you clear out the bugs from the last one. Have you tried to use smokes so the bugs can’t see you and attack the silo? Have you tried EMS so that they can’t move? The large bubble shield that deflects bile Titan acid back onto itself and stops bugs from entering? Or do you lot just go and run the same exact “meta” builds you see on the front page of YouTube videos and get upset and complain that you’re getting demolished from using the exact same load out in EVERY mission.
skill issue
The problem with this currently is every time you press a button it spawns bug breaches. Bug breaches which behave the same as normal bug breaches and it spawns in Bile Titans. This starts to overwhelm you quickly, with the increase in chaff and the PS5 railgun/arc thrower glitch can make the game more bearable, but it needs to be the standard. You should be able to one shot Biles if they're spawning this heavily. And with the Recoilless change, it gives merit to teamplay with a member focusing Titans, and another chargers based on what they bring in.
There’s a reason the difficulty is called impossible, only the best of the best are supposed to be playing them
They should rename HD2 to Hell Runners ,that is what we do on the higher level game play hahahahaha! I sure things will improve once you know the mechanics. But this is still important observation. We stuck on 7 and it is manageable.
start a mission in diffuclty 8 (impossible) -omg wtf its impossible!! wtf were the devs thinking!!  bro...
Skill issue
These missions are almost impossible with randos cause they constantly restart the silo and spawn endless armies of bugs but aside from that tesla turrets really shine on this mission type they can hold entire breach areas almost indefinitely as long as a charger or titan doesn't spawn on it.
hmm... still don`t see how that's worst. I only see it being better than before but just hard enough. if it`s too easy then you can just finish EASYLY the season passes so it deserves this difficulty
There really should just be a cap on how many can spawn in a mission or give us more options then just "rely on strategem"
Im calling BS on this video. All cut up. Yes, you can get that amount. Its the new game type. Get the proper weapons to take care of the heavies. Work together, and the mission is easy. We do this on helldive and yes we die a lot, but its completed. Also if you're out of ammo and supply drop is on cd, die and come back.
Interesting. I just did it on level 7 and we had like 3 titans throughout the entire match.
As our group play on helldiver difficulty, we did test out they can be spawning 4 at the same time, if you didn't killed them within next 4-5 minutes it will goes up to 8-10 bile titan chasing you down. So a 30 minutes mission can spawn in at least 24 bile titan, fact if you keep stealth and not triggering the bugs invasion then bile titan won't be spawning too often.
So many chargers and titans spawn that u need constant rockets and must take missile turret, autocannon turret, and expendable rockets
By how you continue to criticize every single thing about this game i think that you should take a break beacause you're ranting on mechanics which you don't even know fully. Each time that you start a silo you'll trigger a bug breach. So every time that you'll fail to spool the silo if you run on the terminal and press the button you're gonna make your life harder
Surely we just need to use our stratagems.
This YouTuber is a problem for the Helldivers community and the game itself. Literally just play on a lower difficulty if it’s too much. The option to make the game easier is there but if people keep pressuring the devs to make the highest difficulties require zero communication and teamwork. Then that’s not fair to the people who were conquering that challenge and enjoying it. The level of difficulty you want is already in the game! Don’t try and get them to change the highest difficulty to YOUR standards.   You clearly have more to learn about the game too. In one of your previous videos you were bashing spawn rates again without understanding the chargers hiding as rocks mechanic. There is probably so much more you and everyone else in the community could learn about how to effectively play this game.   If the devs cave and turn the highest difficulties into baby mode then the game is gonna be nothing but everyone following YouTube meta guides for the highest difficulties instead of thinking of creative strategies to complete the objective.  If you read this Ermz seriously why not just drop the difficulty, do you feel you are entitled to play on the highest difficulties? I mean I can understand at least making difficulty level 7 accessible to pretty much everyone since it gives you access to super samples but 8 and 9 should be absolutely crazy!!
highest difficulty requires highest amount of skill no? If you dont want to play like a sweatlord I suggest turning down your difficulty :)
You have to run away
I ran a difficulty 7 day of patch and got 6 chargers followed by 2 titans. As well as an armada of hunters of course. They should not have fucked with it, now it's completely messed up.
My guess is they didn't expect for people to so easily beat the higher difficulties and wanted them harder, in that aspect is there anything wrong with the change ? for those that want more of a challenge they have it, the lower difficulties still exsist, just a thought.
It’s every developers nightmare, watching their game grow more and more buggy than the day before. And that’s the thing about coding, where you think you’ve fixed one problem, you’ve undoubtedly unraveled another bug someplace else.  Coding is like repairing a ripped stretched spandex.  That’s why I usually prefer to play on hard and maybe suicide level mission and that’s about it. It’s not best I don’t like the challenge but the game stops being fun up until that point.  I get flashbacks to playing both Destiny raids and the level of coordination needed to progress, while having to deal with players skill levels, raging mobs spawns, and hot headed hosts.  When I first es loaded into this mission type, I didn’t know that once you complete the objective, the game gives you the option to deactivate the silos after you’ve just completed it. Whoever had that feature installed surely has a sadistic back side. Surely they think that all players are honorable and surely wouldn’t just troll other peoples hard work by undoing everything.
lol play 9 every thing be is there every thing but it’s light work just don’t stop moving remember the map and u fine placement is everything don’t miss your  500
I thought I was just washed, but nah. That mission is hell on earth.
The termicide missions are the current story missions, so it would be expected these should be exponentially harder than regular missions. Have you seen the same results in the regular missions or is this harder than they are - which would be expected?
You played ONE mission and decided that you now know enough to make a video about Helldivers like you are an expert on this new game mode.  This video is just a bad over-dramatic rant.   Many comments have already stated it: You spawn bugs when you activate the objectives. If you activate the objective while bugs are still on the field, it will spawn even more bugs for you to deal with. That could be why you have too much to deal with. Maybe there spawns too many bugs on this mission. Or maybe you shouldn't play this difficulty. You can't make an informed decision after your first match. Ridiculous.
If balance changes were up to this guy the game would be dead by now 😂
It’s honestly a skill issue man, you used to make interesting videos about this game, now it’s just a whole lotta crying bro, just fucking get better, you’re playing on 8 and you’re crying, OH MY GOD!!
To be.  Honest, I took a break because this shit got ridiculous all of that work. And you don't even know if you're goingna get booted, which it's been doing lately. It killed all the fun for me. Crazy amount of bio Titans. chargers is just ridiculous. Hopefully, they balance it out soon.  Before they start losing players. It's a waste of time literally.
Fully agreed on the balance.  On game launch it was fantastic, absolutely super enjoyable and fun.  Now... not so much. Finding myself sweating to try and enjoy difficulty 6, let alone 8/9 where I was having fun before.
So your teamates are activating the  Bile titan spawn by rushing to get the battery silo's activated. Each time they are activated it resets the algorithym for how many Bile Titans can be summoned. So with this mission players need to coordinate their timing a bit for when they summon the waves of Terminids. This is a communication mission as much as a Kill one.
Arrowhead are either: 1. Trolling. 2. On drugs. 3. Incompetent. 4. Doesn't give a damn.
cringe skill issues
Higher difficult mode is supposed to be difficult, if it's too hard for you, lower to 7 or 6. Stop complaining and trying to ask to lower the standards.
“Sending an eagle”🐭 4:25
Your team was bombing the silo and failing the mission instantly, then someone was re-starting the objective and it spawn more fresh waves… Your answer was in your premisse: “i know nothing about this mission type”
Your just bad
Mission ran improperly, people attempting on 8-9 to learn the mission... like i dont understand this arguement that you NEED to run 8-9 and that casuals should be able to pull it off with randoms with no comms. Its gunna be sweaty for a full squad with comms.  Just becuase this game has a lot of comedy in it doesnt mean it cant have a difficult hard mode and cater to both both the sweat and casual.  Ive noticed this game has repeatedly upscaled the difficulty on major orders/special missions. This mission is not a typical "going to collect sample and do side objectives" either.   Someone give me a valid reason why you want to run lvl 8-9 other than youre up for a challenge.
At this point people need to STFU and stop being whiny little babies. Difficulty 8 and 9 are SUPPOSED TO BE DIFFICULT! 20 titans over the entire course of the match is not an insane amount, and if you cant stand it then lower the difficulty. Its not like we are stuck on a couple difficulties, it ranges from 1-9 so pick the level that you want. They gave us plenty of tools to deal with heavies, so what is everyone complaining about? We got mechs, rockets and missiles 1 shot chargers, flamethrowers and arc throwers deal good damage to chaff... WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT? There is a difficulty variable, find the level that you like and stop complaining that the game is too hard just cause you cant win on lvl 9.
Now i know how a Starcraft 2 Marine feels like when the Zerg ZERGS XDDDDDD
Balance? hell no the amount of heavy armored targets to our armor piercing is completely unbalanced as hell and they think mechs are going to do anything? Do they think the mech is good when four bio Titans are running up on you? no Every single team I have joined the leader rage quits this is ridiculous.
Bro is objectively doing the mission 'wrong' and then complaining about it. You are literally causing the bug breaches on the termicide missions by progressing the mission. PACE YOURSELF.
I don't understand what's the problem? u played that lvl with no "voice chat" and u almost did it...i guess? I am not sure how much process u did in the game...But seems a really nice challenge to me playing it with a team of friends. Just play lvl 5-7 and it's easier. Why complaining that the 2nd most difficulty is to hard?
I keep saying the gameplay is broken. The Devs think harder difficulty means armored tanks vs infantry. Why dont you just take away our weapons while your at it. We need armor and weapons to combat certain enemies and id say for bugs we need anti bug gear. Glue traps, poison gas and I do mean as a weapon you hold to spew and most of all you gotta have a hammer and shield. Whats missing from this game is important classes designed to take down bugs or bots. We are more or less equipped to take on humans which makes no sense since we arnt facing humans. They gotta start thinking smart cause if not this game will die down fairly quick and im only playing still cause I expect more work on the game but I think this is it and if that's the case im already done.
my first terimicide battle was on helldiver thinking it would be rough but manageable and holy shit it was impossible. it was a miracle that we managed to get one silo done. after about 30min of trying to do the 2nd silo we just quit and now do them at lower difficulties.
Well i kinda think it's a bug. Out of 3 battles on lvl7, one did exactly what happened in the video. Tho we only survived until number 11 and 12, before we called it
Agreed The spawn and AI changes are stupid. (The weapon changes were fine and needed and more weapons need buffs now.)
The bugs won that day....but democracy's souls still burns.
"we reduced large enemy spam"
Skill issue  Thumbs up if u agree
I think this is fine , it's called impossible for a reason.
I think that this mission is meant to be an event that is there to challenge us much more than regular missions since its not gonna be there all the time.  I think that the mechanics of how the activation of the silos interacts with bug breaches (without communication as others have mentioned) makes it impossible to complete due to the endless wave. If they simply add a "silo has been damaged too severely! wipe out the terminids and try again" kind of warning that would solve this issue to some degree.   I disagree with Ermz that the game should be brought back to launch difficulty. I think everyone can agree that the railgun and the forcefield backpack were overperforming to such a degree that it made most of the game extremely easy, especially at the highest levels with terminids (automatons are a different matter and I agree with everyone that they are insanely difficult post nerf). The nerf to those tools made higher difficulties challenging once more because you had to branch out from that small comfort zone of the meta equipment and figure out a way you as a player could successfully eliminate enemies that had few weaknesses (e.g. chargers) with weapons that could partially help you with them. That, in my opinion, is a good change. It helped me test every weapon and find the playstyle I liked.   I also disagree with Ermz because SUICIDE diffuclty, IMPOSSIBLE difficulty, and HELLDIVE difficulty should not be as easy as they were at launch. Once I got the railgun I could successfully do Impossible difficulty and somewhat (with little experience in the game) complete some of the Helldive difficulty missions with terminids. That is not acceptable at level 20. Those difficulties are meant to be endgame. Making it easier because I want to play the hardest difficulty sounds like an oxymoron to me. The one thing I will argue (you can call me an apologist if you wish) is that the game is a little more than a month old. With the rate at which they're adding weapons, gear, vehicles, etc., we will be easily handling those difficulties once we get more tools to work with. We are currently running around the map. Maybe in 6-10 months we'll be driving around grabbing every single sample and completing every objective in less than 10 mins. If they'd kept the spawn rates and amount of high level enemies (chargers/bile titans) at the same rate as they did at launch in a difficulty that is titled IMPOSSIBLE, it would be a joke later on in the year. We could just drive around the small patrols and ignore have the waves. It's not a sustainable philosophy for the game if the game is meant to succeed long term.   I'm open to critiques :D great game though, I would have never been able to kill so many titans and chargers that easily.
Nah, game is fine. Skill issue, git gud.
I don’t necessarily disagree with you, though the devs did say the balance is based on how the majority do. We all find it too difficult it’s rolled back, but if it seems we’re not struggling, the difficulty gets amped up to keep it seeming like real war attrition and i feel they’re doing well as far as that goes even if it’s ridiculously difficult now
how does his hell pod move around so fast mine won’t even let me control mine every other one
how did this game went out of beta state is beyond me
i mean, to be fair, its a mission which would kill them all so it only makes sense that they give it their all...  i would really like to know how the patch handles the other mission types so far.
Had something very similar happen to me yesterday on challenging - had a level 8 and level 9 with me (3/4). I believe we got something like 9 bile titans in 10-12 minutes. Obviously died. It's uh... rough out there rn.
I disagree with this video as you critique everything, when in reality as a team you were playing poorly:  You don't need to kill everything You can kite the titans pretty easy Focus the objs Rotate stratagems (multiple double bombs) Dont waste AT or Rockets on things that dont need it (Charger leg exposed, used multiple rockets) Move on to the next obj without killing Take more defensive stratagems (Mines, Static Field, Smoke before approaching objs)  Levels 7/8/9 are not meant to be easy, they should be very hard and honestly prior to this patch they were too easy.
your my favourite helldiver youtuber, keep it up
This is actually crazy lmao I thought chargers in challenge difficulty was hard🤣🤣
If u keep failing the mission, well this happens.😂
I mean you guys werent doing the objective at all so I dunno bub
have been playing on extreme for days and i can solo missions really easy almost too easy and hoped on this morning after this latest patch me and randoms played a plain reduce terminid numbers mission and we had 4 chargers and they are super easy to dodge i only get hit unless i’m overwhelmed/lowstamina  or didn’t see one and after i dodged them they would do a 90 degree turn and hit me anyway which they never ever did before it’s the first time i raged on the game something is up, i do know with this new mission type for the terminid planets with the anti terminid machines they’re allowing us to clear these planets officially for the time being with a couple planets maybe left moving into a new faction so we can focus on automatons and the new faction
So the game isn't balanced because you dropped into a losing Suicide Mission with only 3 total, in a mission type you weren't familiar with?  I've been clearing Helldives and spreading Democracy with randoms all morning, you just need to either take it to a lower rank or wait for a full crew before deploying. Also hosting it yourself avoids others rage quitting and booting you out, or being kicked for not following some persons carefully crafted spreadsheet.
Game mission: How many Bile Titans did you encounter? Me: Yes.  Jokes aside your game with a random squad probably hold the most Bile Titan kills and it was an impressive last stand. Wondering was it a intentional glitch.
I joined a lvl7 lobby and there was 5 titans.
You’re playing a difficulty known as “suicide mission” and you’re complaining about how hard it is. Yes, I believe that’s the point but, if they’re going to send this many enemies that you, they should at least reduce the cool downtime of the resupply.
It looks like you had a good time in the game so I don't see anything wrong
I totally agree with this video the game is off balance ! And in this video shows the issues,  And I've personally played the higher difficulties and yes this was the onslaught we went through.  I'm in shock people are still defending this change "yeah I get it *nerf the rail gun but leave the rest alone. If it ain't broke don't fix it.
I mean you play on the hardest difficulty AND with randoms. Random I always fall back to 7 and only with pre mates it is higher.
Waaah waaah waaah,
PSA dont turn to the right and fire the mechs launcher, itll explode in the tube and kill you.
Solution is always revert changes rather than suggest new ones. Wow some people in this community are impossible to please.
20 Bile Titans is crazy. People are saying “don’t rush it” and “take your time” but nah people just wanna play the game type shit. Like we’re all esports players on comms. That “get good” mindset is cringe af. Crazy shit, good video tho.
I think its specifically for the termcide order, played on challenging the other night and got 7 Chargers when its usually 1 or 2
I dont see the issue. Difficulty 8 9 and 10 shouldnt be a walk in the park. I think players were spoiled before and now they're bitching because they need to use skill and planning to beat these things.
I agree the game isn't perfectly tuned, but I'd like to say, I definitely am easily able to have plenty of fun with the way it is currently. (also playing on 7 8 and 9) I'm a bit conufsed why you're so fucked up about the game being hard on impossible difficulty? I don't really understand why you don't just lower the difficutly to get the game at a level that's fun for you? if you think it's an issue that too many bile titans are spawning, you have the ability to spawn less of them by lowering the difficulty! you're playing a mission for the first time ever on a difficulty called IMPOSSIBLE and yeah, it's hard as fuck. but there are 7 other lower difficulties. I'll be removing your videos from my recommendations because to me this is pretty unconstructive hatred that seems unbalanced and useless. but good video production and I hope you have lots of fun in the future!!
just do better
You know I was wondering what it was going to look like when the terminid front got the equivalent of the automaton defense rescue missions
I think a lot of people are forgetting this game is supposed to be hard. If you don't want to play within the chaos, then tone down the difficulty 🤦‍♂️ I personally love the chaos of Helldive, and my squad of 4 love the satisfaction of completing the challenge despite how impossible it looks.
Yeah this is just the mission type that creates this. Not the whole game, the spawn rates are actually worlds better
Idk what the deal is but there’s been multiple times I’ve called in the Walker and a bile titan spawns directly onto it.
Dude. Just stop. You're embarrassing yourself. I so badly want to just rage about the skill, but let me try to help instead. Try this Loadout: 500kg, orbital lazer, orbital rail, mech. Drop mech first to start cooldown. Save rockets for titans and cargers. Titans take 2 to the head, chargers take 1 to the leg then machine gun. That's  7 titans per mech or 14 chargers. 28 Titans or 56 Chargers max per team on first strat. Focus chargers over titans as they're more likely to kill mech. Kill mediums with your machine gun and step on smalls. Also 2 melees from a mech kill chargers. Heavies also take 50% more damage while breeching, so kill them as they're spawning in. Lazers and rails should be easy to use and straightforward. 500kg use for titans. Get close, let them start their spew and throw bomb. Bomb will explode before they can move again. You should never miss with a 500. Kite all other chaff other than hunters and stalkers and kill mobs when things quiet or you have another mech. With everyone on your team calling out their heavy kills your should be able to kill each in 3 sec or less and they become a non issue. 8 difficulty IS for pro league level players, we want games too. If you want to chill, why not go play a lower difficulty?
Another fun thing can happen is all the titan corpses can bug out and can cover your rockets under them if you die so you are left to just wait minutes for it to despawn. I really don't get people who don't play these difficulties feeling the need to comment and hate on it being shown to them. I will say a strategy that has worked for me a few times is trying to solo a silo while your team is together doing another. You can get lucky and have a manageable amount of mobs to deal with and join your team once your silo is finished.
excluding the frustrating glitches, this seems like the type of hectic a high difficulty setting should be. this looks fun and challenging to me. its not like there isnt a ton of chaff, but with all the mechs its not much of a concern. If the issue with needing to play high difficulty even if you find it frustrating is that you have to play it because of the super samples, i think a fair compromise would be to just add one super sample to difficulty 6.
“Hey guys we lowered the spawn rate of heavies” 😐😐 did ya?? Did ya?
Agreed they have "balanced" this game right into the crapper.
You all just suffer from a skill issue. Me and my squad cleared the new mission on level 8 in about 10-15 mins. Cope harder and get better at the game. Stop crying because you lack intellect and battle strategy 😂
probably best bet not to bring in gatling sentry auto cannon would do better
They need to nerf the spawns or do a serious overhaul of the weapons to make them stronger. Or their going to see their player count completely tank.
we completed the first two silos real easy on impossible and then we got to the 3rd silo and all hell broke loose
this just looks awsome to me... idk what u mean by worse
“Plays Impossible Difficulty”   “Why is this so hard?”  This guy posted the most fun, intense, and challenging looking gameplay, and then started to complain. The higher tiers of difficulty are supposed to be hard fought battles, and making them easier does nothing to help the game.   As someone who had cleared this a couple of times on Difficulty 9, yes, it comes down to the wire more often than not. Yes, we failed sometimes. But that is the joy of this game. It is supposed to be a nearly impossible mission with a slim chance of success, because that is the difficulty that you selected. If you want it to be easier, go down to a different difficulty level.
Man I hope you are reading these comments cause people are trying to educate you. If not move on to another game your videos are kinda not helping dude :/
Uses some of the worst loadouts for end game play…..”this up date and new mission are so bad” ….  I promise if you and your team stick to a plan, communicate, and bring the right tools, it’s just as doable as any other mission.   Only fascists blame the game for not being able to spread democracy….. now get out there and show them how freedom works!!!
TL;DW: "Hardest difficulty too hard for casuals"  I don't disagree that the spawns are perhaps a little too much, but this ideas that casuals should be able to breeze through the hardest difficulties in the game is just as toxic as the people saying "skill issue - git gud." I don't want the hardest difficulties to be cake walks, that's boring. If you want something easier, go to the lower difficulties! There are nine distinct difficulties for a reason! Making the highest difficulties easy just renders all other difficulty levels obsolete!  You should look at difficulties 7-9 almost like a Destiny raid. It's a challenge for highly coordinated  teams and/or highly skilled individuals. It's not meant for every average casual player to be able to breeze through!
Yeah I don't like anything about the update. It's pretty much impossible on higher difficulty unless you have a well organized team. 👍🏾 you're the first I've seen, actually point out the bs.
You know i dont even think the current amount of enemies or heavys is bad. I actually think its fun and i like the chaos. It really makes it feel like an actual battlefield. The main issue is the severe lack of firepower on the side of the helldivers. Realistically like you showed in your video there is no way we have enough stopping power to put down 19+ heaveys in 10 minutes. I dont think the best way for them to handle this is to reduce the spawn of enemies. I just think there needs to be more options of dealing with them to give us a fighting chance.  I like to compare helldivers 2 to black ops zombies because they are different on the surface but have many similar points of fun like completing objectives and mowing down hordes. Zombies is also a good comparison because the skill comes from movement. The risk of dying is still very real even with a full setup but at any point you can turn around and thin the horde. It really doesnt make sense to me that futuristic super soldier helldiver weapons only hold like 13 bullets and feel like shooting marshmallows. Ik they said primary weapons are supposed to be underwhelming but you cant tell me we should expect to have our recoilles or EAT out for the whole game thats not fun gameplay.
I mean if you are goin to play a 7-9 mission you need to expect this kind of stuff, also if you’re goin to play a mission that you don’t have no idea about try doin it on a lower difficulty, if you are going to act like this is too hard you need to remind yourself that this is difficulty 8 and it will be hard obviously. I have tried this type of mission on difficulty 5 and it’s pretty damn hard 😂
Dude your loadout is trash for that mission and you’re making it harder the way your team keeps starting the defenses before clearing.  Bring the eat17 over the recoiless, it’s quicker and you get 6 rockets over 3 minutes.  If two people bring them you can just spam these all over the map.  Tesla towers, emp mortar, Autocannon sentry, rover, laser cannon, machine gun, arc thrower, rocket pods, scorcher, scythe, spray and pray  Some combination of the mentioned above should be brought  I wouldn’t bring the mech, cooldown is too long for this mission
FINALLY! Some making video evidence of the BS. The only thing you missed was a herd of hunters jumping you and two tapping you.
Sounds like the mission was too difficult, you should maybe try practicing on a lower difficulty :)
Total annhilation music? god you are old.
The silo missions are so frustrating
hell divers is the perfect example of "if it aint broke dont "FIX" it"
Dude, this is for just this mission and your clickbait title is aggravating. Downvoted and now I'm not subbing. We don't need traitors spreading hate in our managed democracy
mission looked pretty cool to me, you guys were about 2/3 done with it as well.
Certified skill issue
Here is an idea. Lets give them time to actually develop the game.
The 500k needs a decent buff tbh
you know what the patch did? I don't care about <3 chargers and/or single bile titans. Anything below 3 titans and 6 chargers at the same time feels like easy mode. At this point i expect Arrowhead to nerv the EAT17 and increase our orbital cool downs. Maybe they will nerv our primary weapon? I mean we can kill some of the small enemies to easy.  oh and i am sure in time we will not be able to attach our blue stratagem onto enemies. Honestly this game is turning to shit. Anything above Suicide is just comical.
EMS Mortar is the MVP on this map No friendly kill, just freeze the spawns right in their place
I haven't played, but if I pick an upper tier difficulty in any game, I want it to be hard, bordering on impossible. To me, the real problems that you documented were how many of your AP rockets failed to take down the titans even though they were supposed to. I don't know that it would have really made a difference, but that definitely would have been frustrating.  Ultimately, though, you weren't in voice chat while playing  the IMPOSSIBLE difficult level and you had no idea how to play the mission type. Maybe solve those problems before blaming the game that their **IMPOSSIBLE** difficulty is too hard.
I feel like winrates are going to plummet with these changes. There is only so much AT you can bring before the chaff is too much to deal with.   it's not like we need to (or should) win every game, but because the samples in particular are basically all or nothing, win rates are going to matter a lot for player economy, and in turn, the health of the game.
I find this mission is super inconsistent. I had a similar experience yesterday but then I played it again and only saw 2 BTs and a couple chargers.   Its either super inconsistent on the new patch or heavily punishes you when you fail to manage the bug breaches.  A note on your latest videos - I miss old Ermz! Outside of your stress testing a lot of your content seems really negative. I get using your platform to strive for improvement in a game - this is a good thing imo - but there is a line between the toxic positivity you mentioned and focusing most of your content on what's going wrong.   Take with a pinch of salt. I'll be subbed regardless.
Feels like the trial for the devs is due to the mass variety of player types, some see launch as too easy (with some doing so in a jokey manner) whilst others struggle in the 5th difficulty. If I were to hazard a guess this update turnt the dial to 11 to see what can be finetuned to a relative balance of difficulty and fun at higher levels  without going all sweat and fixation. Atop of fixing the bugs naturally, given the communication from devs I'd presume they keep a finger on the pulse. That's just my opin however.
I mean u alone murdered like 15 titans* and 10 chargers throughout that entire quest on a nonstop ammo shortage, as your team did not give you enough time to breathe and kept pressing the next silo after the next after the next. You get like 3 breaches immediately as you press the button once and it revs up from there.   So yeah, the fact you cleared even 2 silo under those conditions sounds to me like balancing wise things arent too out of pocket right now and we are headed in thebright direction
Hey, Ermz - I'm a big fan, fellow djentleman, and enjoyer of your very illustrious and practical guide to mixing/audio engineering. Would you mind telling us if you have any plans to grace us with another publication in this vein, e.g.: "The Systematic (Democratic) Helldiving Guide"?   Cheers, for the love of liberty, from the US.
So sick of people complaining about how many titans there are. Its on a high difficulty its supposed to be hard. If you dont like it play a lower difficulty lol.
I totally agree with you that you got SWAMPED and DESTROYED by BTs, but I think the purpose of the highest difficulties is supposed to be such that you’re going to lose, maybe more than you win. IDK, but I think you played to the best of your ability and served Super Earth well.
Too many times now when I’ve had mobs spawn directly on me. Shit is so annoying
Bro lvl 7 we got hit with 4 titans at once trying to do that new mission shyt got crazy quick
The button is to spawn enemies so don't spam it
Just some stuff from the latest leaks in terms of the story and lore of these missions that is a plausible explanation from this. Dont read further if you don't want any possible spoilers!   The towers have the goal to kill the bugs long term but are actually doing the exact opposite by mistake. They evolving the bugs into high speed breeding machines. We will probably get the new flying bugs because of them lore wise and thats why in this missions you get blastet with BTs because everywhere where the towers are the bugs reproduce like hell. Thats why other missions are still no problem. Its the storytelling for helldivers. They don't tell you everything and want you to be like what the hell are these flying bugs?! Or why are so maby BTs on ths forsaken planet?! Just ti show you shortly afterwards that it was planned on special occasions for the story of the general orders etc  But thats just my humble explanation
It´s called impossible for a reason tho ...
Its literally a skill issue. You dont need to be a god at this game, just average, and Helldive becomes easy.  Only ever seeing 2 biles and 2 chargers on screen at once. Thats the nerf working. Learn what happens when you press objective buttons and maybe then youll see the game is honestly too easy.
maybe you and your team just aren't fit for level 8 difficulty, just turn it down if you cant beat it? not everyone should be able to finish the hardest difficulties. they are supposed to be really challenging.
Surprise level 8 is hard. I’m not sure the point of this video. If you have a problem with the difficulty of a level 8 then I suggest you … lower the difficulty. This video would make way more sense if this happened on a level 5
Just move down in difficulty.
Termicide missions are tough, just dont click the button till you are ready and dont bomb/hit the silo. The blance is good.
This wouldn’t happened if you used stratagems to fight armor like the devs intended instead of using brainless strategies like aiming for the weak spots with support weapons. (Ok, sarcastic rant over)
Gotta admit, Played it last night, Couldn't do it on level 8 Dropped it back to 7, Did the level then pushed it to 8 and it wasn't that much of a struggle.   I did it with two low levels on 7 and it was tough but, its 7 so its supposed to be.  I found that if one of you does one battery silo and another does a different one they'll mostly move to one of the batteries and leave the other (Mostly) alone We did that for two of the three batteries and then all focused on the one that was easiest to defend.  Some of the batteries are really hard to defend.  Didn't have 20 bile titans in the mission though, nor that many chargers and infact.... we would finish the missions with about 60% time remaining so I think speed is the key with these.  Eitherway, I really enjoyed it and the difficulty bump recently is great fun however some of the primarys need a bit of balancing.
You sound liek someone who was also crying about the changes to the railgun....
This type of mission is very similar to DRG egghunt missions. There are no breaches until you touch the silo (egg). then you have a wave to deal with. if you grab another egg (touch silo) while the other one still has a wave, whelp now you have two waves and so on to deal with. Coordinate with your team before the idiots keep activating the damn silo while your current swarm needs to be dealt with
LMFAO!!! When the "get gud noobs, you're trash" sentiment that has been used to denigrated noobs comes back to repay you with karma. AHAHAHAHA! I love it! Cool video man.
I think it's this mission type specifically. I haven't had this issue with other mission types
I don't see much of a problem. You did pretty well against those bugs. Also, what difficulty was it?
I think if you're playing these higher difficulties then you deserve to have a tough fight. What you did was hard but not totally impossible. With the right load outs and communication it should be doable. Keep in mind that the harder difficulties in the game should be hard. If you don't want a challenge go play lvl 6 and below
So. You jump into an ongoing random match, which means you cant really build synergy with the others that well, to a mission you dont know. The team isnt even full. Not to mention the levels are low. No voice coms, as seen from the chat and you still dont actually lose the mission. In fact got really close to winning it.  Honestly, difficulty 8 looks too easy still.
Honestly at this point...the devs should just roll back to 1.0. Leave in the mechs in game, take a breather, regroup...and start over. I stopped playing this game after the first nerf to the Railgun and most likely won't be coming back as I just don't find this fun. Hard games are fine. Hard games because they are fucking unfair is just an invitation to uninstall.
"I don't know what this mission is all about"  Yep, checks out.
I feel like this game needs an increased player cap for sessions.
Why not just play on a lower difficulty?
Remember when they said they had a GM manually working some things?  I swear its someone just shouting "Fuck You!" and slamming the bile titan button constantly.
Genuine question: why are you playing a new mission type that you've never played before on level seven with randos? I don't understand.
You basically need to be a squad firing line to succeed in the higher difficulties that’s what the developers gave made clear they want us to be forced to work together really stay as a tight squad and your alright just don’t start to far from the mates but yeah we do need to chill down the heavies
I'm not gonna lie this whole video SCREAMS skill issue. 7-9 are the hardest difficulties in the game. You should have to coordinate and work together with your team at those difficulties to complete the mission. I think the hardest truth for some players to realize at times is that the game isn't the issue you are.
Well you’re at level 8 difficulty so it would make sense… 😐
To an extent, I agree with what you’re saying, but also I think it’s important to keep in mind that the game has multiple difficulties for a reason, and higher difficulty lobbies should be harder.  Having the hardest difficulty require pinpoint accuracy and an advanced knowledge of team play, creatures and strategies is acceptable and I honestly enjoy the challenge provided (though I play in a regular 4stack exclusively on anything higher than suicide difficulty)  I agree, you got a horrid seed and the waves just kept coming, but I do believe in part it was bad comms, lack of knowledge and bad team play that ultimately failed that mission.   I love the game and enjoy the community, but as a major fan of souls likes, no hit runs and the speed running community, I’m glad that the hardest difficulty is actually a challenge. You can’t just waltz in and pray  EDIT: the 500Kg definitely needs tweaking too, the aoe is ridiculously small for what the bomb is supposed to be. I think most AOEs are a bit smaller than they should be, but devs have been listening and responding to the community so I have hope this will get patched
I think it's worth noting that the battery towers take friendly fire, so your explosives going off next to it and strats dropping alongside it can force you to have to restart the batteries. 20 bile titans is insane though, and I'm glad someone's pointing out the fact that their actively nerfing this game into irrelevance. One day we'll regale our friends with tales of how the Railgun brought down one of the most entertaining releases of 2024.
No, I don't expect people to play like sweaty E-sports chads... Unless you're on the second-highest difficulty in the entire game.   I want it to be hard. I want it to be hard enough that not just any random dude is going to run in there and have an easy go of it. Frankly, it should result in much death and many failures until people figure out how to play it. (That's how difficulty scaling works)   But uh... This isn't engaging gameplay. This is spamming enough mobs that players run out of resources. You can't just reposition. You can't run away. There is no stealth here due to the nature of the mission, so I'm not quite sure what we are expected to do. Sure, you can kite the mobs some... But again: It's not exactly exciting to run away for 20-40 minutes straight in a constant death loop that coincides with your ammo lol
This is a capstone mission to activate the pesticide towers that will eliminate the bugs on the planet (story-wise).  You're on 8 of 9 difficulty. The Lore states that the bugs are intelligent. It would make sense then that they'd have figured out what was up and throw everything at it. So i can see why Joel is pulling out all the stops. Wouldn't blame the patch yet for this.
God gamer
well fuck :(
Tbfh this just looks like stonks for the arc thrower stonks to me, I mean it's not godly, but if you had two players with them then they could take bile titans on with infinite ammo, but still holy cow that looked insane
Ngl this seems way more fun
If this was max difficulty, I would understand all the titans, but you see how many adds there are, I feel it would be more immersive if instead of all of the titans and chargers, if they would just increase all bug tiers by 1. Also a change I am most hopeful for is a leveling system for stratagems. Like you pay double the amount to level a stratagem to level 2 then double that amount to level 3. With a max level of 3 or 5. I think extending the life of the game is one of the most important things rn. Also another change that I think would be good is if player levels increased stamina and health. It sucks that the game is basically over by lvl 20 when it's such an easy fix.
What are you expecting? You're playing on a difficulty named 'Impossible'. You guys could have beaten the mission, but your gameplay includes video evidence of you and your team calling down 500kg bombs ON THE OBJECTIVE, destroying the batteries and sabotaging your own progress. Is the mission a walk in the park? No, but it is certainly doable, quite easily, if you and your team are good and cooperate. Trust me, I've completed many of them
the team fucked up thats the issue
I’ve pretty much stopped playing the game when I was loving it at launch. It’s just not fun anymore as it doesn’t seem like the game gives you any other means to win then by just running away all the time.
It seems to me one of the most influential things the developers could do, is increasing the number of team members you can have as the difficulty increases. Effectively, higher echelon tiers of planets, or "threat levels" could be a scale which decides how many team slots you can allocate.
This is the kind of factual content I enjoy about this channel.
I love this game, but I can't really recommend it to very many ppl simply because it's balanced so poorly. It wasn't perfect at launch, but it sure was fun. The recent patches have absolutely ruined any semblance of balance in higher difficulties, to point where now it's just comedic. At some point I stop feeling like a masochist and start feeling like a victim.
The amount of Titans was crazy but its also on the players you dropped in on. Why in tge fuck would you go into high level difficulty bugs and bring no AT? I don't know what the 4th guy who joined was rocking. If you're going into lvl7+ difficulty termucide mission Id recomend a minimum of 2 AT people and everyone in the group running 1 AT stratagem like the orbital railcannon or 110 rocket pods.   Im all for running what you want but when you get to higher difficulties you need to actually tailor your loadout to what you're doing.
Another video of Ermz  continuously complaining because he isn't good enough at the game. I've done this mission multiple times on helldive, and have killed for more than this number of titans in a single mission. It's not too hard, just set up a perimeter of sentries and have 1 person in a mech. Also don't sit around and fight at silos that are already finished, you're literally fighting an endless battle that way
what game is this?
Everybody on the Helldivers Discord thinks that you are apparently "rage baiting" and you have "skill issues"
Beat this with 2 others my first try on Helldiver difficulty.  You just have to adjust, pick and choose your fights. It's easy, you can't get mad at devs for not knowing how to play the game 🤡
clearly a skill issue/s
I felt the game was fantastic on launch in terms of enemies spawned on the different difficulties.. Launch should be the base.   After they upped the deploy time of airstrikes, it is near impossible to get accurate hits on the big boys.
Before the devballcoddlers can come say it, let me put it here we’re e first, practice 6< git good, play better, game not hard, new difficulty when
Ermz, I gotta say... Please stop just shitting out content. Take your time do your research, (I love the weapon reviews btw) and stop worrying so much about the meta. Just because you can now 1 shot headshot chargers with recoilless you're saying "I love this new meta". Its a new OPTION, not immediately the meta nor so many of us care about meta. This isn't the kind of content I subscribed for...
I played Difficulty 7 yesterday and… only came across like… four bile titans at most. With two at the extraction. So… I dunno what yall are talking about
So far having success with a full squad of 4x Recoiless Rifles, 4x 380mm HE barrage, 4x 120mm HE barrage, 4x orbital laser, 4x mech.  2 people using recoiless assisted reload mows down titans and chargers. Everyone calls in their recoiless rifles to supply the AT squad. Saturated HE bombardments used to defend the point.
It's wreaking havoc, not wrecking havoc.  I heard you say this wrong many times.
Dude youre level 50, a month into the game. S L O W D O W N. Your legit making hate content on something youre playing like crack cocaine and then turning around with "People need to open their eyes". Speaking of "Holy Hell", this is gaming now!...
Before the update I had seen on difficulty 8 and 9 we never had less then 9 titans, but on average we faced 13
Worse? I’m over these YouTubers. Y’all are ruining gaming.
as a new player who stasrted 2 dasys before thid ptch i noticed the lag and dc nonstop as well as issues with aiming stability its bad
Cry more
I fuck with the on launch spawn rates, but the railgun nerf was needed
Look i know the spawn rate of elite mobs is crazy right now, but i cant look at this and dont think about how much i love this game lmao, this is the type o mission that makes you go "no blink mode" for the whole duration of it, i fucking love it
People seem to forget this game is like a dnd session its focused around telling a story rather than balance i think at some point it will be impossible to do some missions if the game community as a whole neglects certian regions of space
Stop complaining coz theyll change things for the worse again. It's just fine rn.
ahh yes. just another day playing helldivers. this is what every game is like that i play with my friends. levels 8 and 9 all day every day
ok.
They’re trying to make the difficult mission actually difficult if it’s to hard just go down a level I’m confused?
As tons of others have said, I just am waiting to see you pin one of these comments that points out how the issue was that you guys were spamming the silo's causing tons of enemies to spawn. It's not toxic positivity or "cope", it's you guys not understanding the mission and putting yourselves in an impossible position. Wish you had done some research instead of editing the video and saving yourself such a high dislike ratio.
Skill issue
"You're fine" - Super Earth
May not be fixed yet, but it sure looked awesome.
The crazy part is in my experience at least normal missions seem to have the reduced spawn rate but that one doesn't. The number of titans that spawn are insane
Man imagine the hard mode being hard and especially on the hard mission type with the endless spawning enemies because they're trying to stop you from activating the towers that are trying to kill them. Do the devs have to hand you an infinite rocket launcher as well?
Dude. Play the new game mode a few times at least. Maybe drop down a few levels the first couple of times. Wtf dude!! Lol and smh.
Stop bringing guard dogs and sentrys to silo missions THEY ARE UNCONTROLLABLE AND DO DAMAGE TO THE SILOS!!!!!!
The buggles don't want to die, oh well
Just have a PS5 player  as host, the bile titans will die in 2-3 shots with railgun, instead of 20+
Helldivers 2 players when the higher difficulties are difficult 🤯🤯🤯
Im not sure if the oversight about it is that it takes an entire *normal sized* map and condenses the enemy rates of one of those, but these are way too small of maps to be spawning hordes of titans, it legitimately feels unnatural and erroneously difficult compared to every other level. I've been doing lvl 9 missions for the longest time just fine with any loadout, and the titans just overwhelm way too quickly, we had 4 spawn on the same breach at one point, within 20 seconds of each other.
They better give us 6 stratagem if they expect us to adapt using our support weapons
can we all agree that orbital laser needs ALOT more damage and to last alot less ITS A FUCKIN LASER, not a flashlight
This showcases how important knowledge of not just the enemies but the objectives are.   As many have said,   Each time they reactivate the objective they trigger more spawns while the objective is already swamped with bugs.
This game spawns are insane. Whey ain't Spartans!!! What do the devs think? If they want to spawn so many mindless enemies but not give us proper powerfull tools.
I think the rail gun needed the nerf. I just think anti-tank needs better damage, especially spear. The 500kg needs more AOE.
Stop crying
What the heg are you complaining about ? If you cant handel the heat the turn it down a nodge, Nobody is forcing you to play like a sweatlord if you dont want to, This whining dosent go anywhere, you just crying to cry man!!
Also friendly tip.... the crossplay damage boost bug is still a thing, have a ps5 user host and a pc player join.
Whats actually mindblowing is this wasn't even on helldive...
All I hear is a bunch of bitching.
I'm convinced this guy only likes to make negative thumbnails and titles about this game just for bait and clicks
was barely able to finish a mission with a friend on difficulty 7. we had 18 titans and i dunno 30+ chargers.. it was insane. we both agreed that, that was enough for the day and it was only our 2nd mission.
"We're in the learning phase."
Not gonna lie. I was pissed at the railgun nerf. I got to admit though. I don't think even the pre nerf railgun would have saved you from that lol.
Me and a squad tried to run the new bug mission on impossible we had  and I counted through the mission 40+ bike titans at our point of failure there was at least 10+ on the field every time we dropped it was instant
The funny thing is the bots are even worse, because the weakpoints on all their heavies are on their butts instead of their faces, so you have to drill through their armor to kill them while being pelted by gatling guns and rockets from various devastators, hulks, and tanks as artillery and cannon emplacements one shot you from 150m away and some random low tier bot with a machine gun is blasting away at you from a position in fog that you can't even begin to see but they can somehow completely ignore.
The only issue I see on this particular game was that the host rage quitted. Everything else was magnificent.
not trying to be that guy and you already mentioned it, but you guys did miss atleast 6 500kgs. Granted their aoe needs increased because it shouldn't have to be that precise, but multiple 500kgs went behind titans rather than in front of them. The recoilless needs to 2 shot biles in the face glad they fixed the charger issue, but none of our support weapons even touch biles anymore.
PSA: always try new mission types on Trivial the first time.  Trying to figure out things in the middle of a mega swarm with a bunch of randoms is less than ideal.
The question a majority of the playerbase needs to answer for themselves are: is this fun for a new player? Are chain breaches/dropships fun for a new player to tackle? Is the stamina poison fun to deal with for new players? Are bile titans fun for new players to try to kill even with mechs?  My point is that a very vocal minority of the fan base sees this kind of difficulty as great because they love the challenge. However, 90% of players will end up quitting, or fail to stick around long enough for the devs to justify maintaining the servers.   On a side note: The Helldivers 2 community is the most polarized when it comes to opinions. Some will argue you need to rely on teammates and clear out all enemies before proceeding into the next objective. Meanwhile, the other half will argue that you shouldn't bother Fighting at all since it's a waste of time. This ties into my above mentioned question - is any of that fun for a new player? What's the point of the game where the main trailer shows off Helldivers one-shotting a bile titan with a headshot if it takes 3+ headshots in reality?
I couldn't even play the game yesterday, I'd be 30 minutes into a mission and I'd get a network connection error
Misunderstanding the mission is the key to all of this.
Weird, my experience is that half the enemies ignore me and attack the battery silo It was like an awkward dps check.
yeah i can see the difficulty and thats crazy but maybe read the mission and regroup some players just keep going guns blazing when you have down time.. the mission is 40 mins STRAT, you will be raided its a bug breach lmao its endless smh
Yeah, bring back the launch version of the enemys.  The game now is fucking annoying.
Your team is repeatedly hitting the silo restart button, causing 4-5 bug breaches to appear while the other breaches are still ongoing. Also, maybe you shouldn't drop into a new mission on D8 and wonder why its difficult... The mission type is difficult due to how many times your team was pressing the button. Also consider EATs
Just rely on your stratagems. This is an obvious skill issue.
How do you block channels to stop getting their videos. You are on the highest difficulty what do you want it to be? A cake walk where you always have full ammo and only fight one bile titan and charger per mission?
If they're gonna go for replacing the boss spawns with more trash spawns I do hope we're gonna get a 3'rd machinegun support weapon... Ammo backpack and all. Half the reason for that is that I wanna see a proper fucking minigun in a game... any game
"We lost because we didnt do the objective and wasted 30 minutes doing nothing". The round dragged on for significantly longer then it should have. This is a very very poor take. At minimum you could have attempted the objective or to figure it out. But your default was to what? Shoot the obviously endless supply of titans and ignore the entire point of the mission?  People keep thinking this is a solo game. Its not, people should be bringing amo packs, loading heavy weapons with team load, and have designated jobs on the higher difficulties. Instead we continue to have 4 individuals running around doing whatever they want. Im not saying the game is perfect, but, I am seeing a lack of people using the tools given to them to solve the problems  thrown at them.
So 2 things could have happened here to trigger this endless horde of bile titans.  TL;DR Don't spam the button as it causes new breach's and sometimes the devs troll us late at night or at peak hours.  1. A player kept reactivating the silo after it broke, spawning new bug breach's and giving the game director more points. What this means is the more you spam this button, the more you'll see this sort of stuff.   2. The devs themselves said that they have a sort of "DM" in the office that can cause certain events or increase spawn rates of certain enemies with people already knowing about "Joel" and his work with the automatons. There are screenshots of Joel replacing whole base's in malevalon with nothing but bulks and they can do ALOT more than just this. Pilestedt (Arrowhead studio's CEO)  did confirm that this is a thing they have access to and directly do to "make the game more interesting".
if u go to helldive, go with a well oiled team and dont spread.
Bro super video thanks <3
and you were pretty lucky, no stim glitch or getting stuck or you character deciding that running isn't that cool after all
That mission would give me nightmares
I played this two Times yesterday and didnt have the same Spawnrate of Titans. So Question, are all youre Games Look like this or was this one just particualy Bad? Because if its allways like this for you guys, then I unverstanden the rage😅
Play on a lower difficulty
Could you please stop crying like a baby at every update? The game is quite easy now that they've reduced the number of elite spawns. All of that because some noisy part of the community is rambling over nerfs and difficulty. Just wait and let the devs roll their vision for the game.
Skill issue
I take care of all the smaller guys so my squadmates can run stuff to take down big guys. I run EMS mortar, arc cannon, laser guard dog, and regular mortar.   If everyone focuses on one tower at a time, it's not too terrible.
Not sure why you don't get more xpor money or something per kill in missions. It's absurd you don't get anything for amount of enemies you kill
idk why people are defending these changes when its clearly just making the game far  worst compared to launch
Ngl im pretty happy I’ve been too busy with exams and work to play this game recently. Don’t think I’ll come back to it either cause it looks so unenjoyable all of a sudden
the difficulty spike between hard and extreme is actually insane
So the high difficulties are hard. Cool. Get good.
Be happy you did not drop into one of the shitty placed waterpits or buged under the map walkiong on ramps or near the pipelines. Still a fun mission.
Skill issue...
ngl. looks fun
I dont see the need to do difficulty 8 or 9 because the only difference at all is being able to get slightly more super samples.... yes you can get more experience and credits etc... but if you are doing those missions chances are you are already capped out at everything so really theres no need
This is an optional difficulty lol
Level 50, has never done a mission above level 5 and 6 before, doesn't know what type of mission he's going on, it's Suicide difficulty....is this bait? It's a SUICIDE MISSION, three of your team mates aren't even above level 30. No fucking shit it's gonna be damn near impossible, AS IT SHOULD BE.
GAWD DAMN y'all cry a lot
Very entertaining video thank you
"It's too hard." 🤣
honestly they should have stuck with the first helldiver's difficulty formula.
No this mission type just sucks
So, you choose the hardest difficult available and youre upset because it was actually hard?
As a brand new (and still very casual) player who just started last night, I am ready and willing to believe anything.  After competently soloing a couple of recon missions on easy mode, I did public lobbies and even medium felt insane.  Obviously more orbital and air strikes required.  Bought 2 more thanks to all the wonderful people who carried me last night.  And yes, we spawned endless waves a few times, probably due to triggering new spawns before finishing old ones.  Some experience and knowledge of mechanics is required.
I was having so much fun with helldivers then i started to play high tier difficulties. My favorite loadouts became useless (due to chargers and bile titans). Okay fix the loadout. This isnt terrible, will just drop down difficult if I wanna use turrets. Eventually bump the difficultly up again. Now only one or two loadouts feel viable, and im forced to sprint through maps instead of actually fighting bugs while waiting for my stratagems to come in so i can drop them and start running again. High tier difficulties are just not fun, low tier difficulties are too easy. Also the modifiers suck 90% of the time. I am forced to watch my strats land way off, or wait double the time for cooldowns. Not fun. Edit: this doesnt begin to touch on how inconsistent some strategems feel.
Yea, it makes sense (this is a story btw) that if the humans got stronger with the mechs that the terminids would respond in kind. Why are people so adamant that this game should be a cakewalk or it's bad?
I guess the people spouting "gIt gUd" didn't exactly excel in math class...  Chargers have been handled...bile titans however (for how many spawn at one time) cannot be handled effectively with how many AT rounds is needed to kill just one  "Just use EAT" I hear some say...oh yes, reliance on a single strategem weapon to handle an armored enemy; didn't we just get away from something like that 🤔  I dunno, all i've really wanted is either primary capacity/damage buffs or weapon customization so i can finally upgrade my scorchers mag capacity. Other then that; theres zero reason to play diff 8-9 other then to have a right to argue against the elitist hivemind about how everything arrowhead does shouldn't be worshipped like its the seconding coming of christ
People who have never played helldivers 1 finding out this is supposed to be a hard game and not a power fantasy hore shooter: 🤯
This mission spawns multiple waves every time you press the silo button, your team literally threw all those enemies at themselves on purpose... Honestly, I think your comment section is proof enough that you should just take down or reupload this video with a different take focusing only on this mission type, because this ain't it. Your team is literally shooting a gun and saying "look, the bullets just keep coming out!" and the fact that you didn't bother to fact check yourself is disappointing.   This adjustment was an issue because there are too many hunters, but what you presented here is literal ignorant misinformation
Damn, there’s no way I could take on that freaking many of those dame things. Well I know I’m not going to level 7 and up
Honestly it’s fine, the higher difficulties are supposed to be a shit show of chaos, if you want your play through to be a smoother ride then just bump the difficulty down a bit.  Although the orbital precision strike should one shot anything it touches. It’s literally made to hit one single thing, it should 100% apply dead to that thing
This is a skill issue. When I play I simply skillfully choose difficulty 5 instead.
Since the update, when I log in, my voice resets to random, and my sidearm as well as emote reset to default too. Not to mention all the game tips keep showing up.
Hahahaha
I think the changes to the meta gear was warranted, but the spawns need to be brought into a reasonable range where you have the resources to deal with them. 2 shotting titans with a rail gun was not ok, but 20 titans in 10 minites is also not ok. If 2 people are running recoilless and 500kg with the extra eagle upgrade and combined they cant stem the tide of titans and chargers then it is simply too much. There is no way around it.
The game is almost perfect and some you tuber need to find something to show that "destroys"  Like some dude below in this thread mentioned.  You team kept pressing the button to active the tower. Wich spawn a couple of bug breach.  Just to press it again and again without clearing the first waves.  I never seen this happen when playing on helldive .
Yeah if the 500k isn’t able to take out a BT you should be able to get an additional use of them before a rearm.
When the game released. My friend bought it and played it. Saying how much fun it is. So I bought it as well and after getting into the game during the server issues I realized how much fun I'm having. I was giddy at work thinking how I will play it after getting home. I could play it 8 hours straight during weekends. I eventually spread the word and 7 other friends bought it as well and were enjoying themselves. Then the patch came and after everyone tried it, no one touched the game since, including me.
A true teammate. Doesn't know the objective but just trying to help clear the garbage
Ive been playing Suicide missions for a while now and the worst ive seen was like 3 titans, which is vastly better than the double "eliminate Titan", mission that ended with 4 titans guarding the evac point, forcing me, a lowly little level 4, to kill all of them with Orbital Precision Strikes while my dead teammates cheer me on in chat
If you have a whole team communicating and depolying stratgems that pair together you can keep the bugs at bay. Go figure that a team focused game mode meant for working together makes players say the game is broken when playing on "tougher" difficulties. On HD1 the higher difficulties were meant to be a nightmare unless you work together 🤷‍♂️. Just wait till the new faction comes live.
All the replies saying "this is clearly you and your team's fault for spamming the silo button and spawning in so many waves" need to consider that if this mechanic is so confusing to so many players, maybe it's badly implemented. For every other point-defense objective in the game, once you start the enemy spawns, they don't stop until the objective is done. Rescue missions have also conditioned players to spam objective buttons as soon as possible because getting objectives done quickly is so important. You can't exactly blame players doing this mission type for the first time just assuming that once the spawns start, they don't stop until the objective is complete, and if the objective is interrupted it makes intuitive sense that you should restart it as soon as possible to make up for that lost time. This leads to a failure spiral of pressing the button which spawns more waves which are more likely to interrupt the silo, and due to how every other mission type in the game works, players are more likely to assume that the horde became overwhelming simply because they took too long on the objective rather than associating it with how many times the button got pressed. I don't need a big tutorial pop-up in bold letters saying "DO NOT HIT THE BUTTON" but it would have gone a long way if there was at least a message over the comms saying something like "Listen up, Helldiver, any time these silos start the tremors it makes rile the bugs up like nothing else" which would at least hint at there being an association between new bug spawns and starting the silo.
When the silos are activated, waves of enemies are automatically called. Starting the next silo instantly spawns a new wave. Your team needed to give some time between silo attempts
Have to deal with this as they nerf some of our favorite "toys", but thank god for the mech that kills you when you fire missiles while turning.  I love it at least more than I hate it.
Without the 500kg this would be impossible.
I agree 100%. Revert the game to launch! I hear people saying that the player count hasn't dropped, yet everyone on my friends list seems to have stopped playing. It seems they looked at what people were enjoying and targeted those things for nerf. It's sad to see.
I do agree with the obvious fact, that enemy distribution and titan/charger numbers vary a lot, and I am all for making this more consistent. What I however do not get is why you (or anyone in general, sorry, I do by no means wish to insult anyone) would choose a high difficulty if one gets annoyed by a lot of heavy enemies. This was 8 and there are 7 perfectly playable difficulties below this. --- granted, you need 7 to get the high-quality samples. --- I believe it is fine to even have somewhat impossible difficulties (only to be cleared by well-coordinated, high level teams) as long as you are not forced to play them. That way, everyone can home in on the difficulty they have the most fun with.  I played A LOT of Helldivers 1. That game had 15 difficulties and you had to only once beat 13 to get the final strategem (this was the way to unlock them). 14 and 15 were super fun and my team and I loved to play Inner Circle of Hell (15). But in no way was this mandatory to play for anyone who didn't have fun with 12-15 super-heavies spawning from the same breach within seconds (not kidding about the numbers here, Helldivers 1 was almost unfair at times).   I honestly believe that this is more of a pride issue for many, as everyone wants to say they always clear lvl9 missions solo apparently, even though they are by no means intended for this, but, again, for full teams with communication I'd assume.
In this mission, the enemies auto locate to the silos, but if you break line of sight with a shit ton of smoke, it’s actually really easy.   I’ve done a helldive of this mission with a boatload of smoke and it was pretty easy. You just need to strategize for the specific mission 👍
The update is fine. Don't blame the game on your lack of skill
i feel like the bugs have to be nerfed a little bit, the difficulty scaling at higher difficulty is just absolutely insane. this is super frustrating, games are supposed to be fun.
Honestly I think people are being way too harsh on the dev team.
The number of enemies is not the problem, most of the weapons are beautiful and flashy but underwhelming, rockets should oneshot enemies like they did in the first game and the nuke should wipe a big area giving you a reset to a very bad situation. Its not fun shooting an enemy with everything you have and still do nothing. Its frustrating and makes you feel powerless. Hope the devs understand this sooner than later.
I noticed it's particularly bad on the Termicide missions.
people i played this mission at hell dive yesterday and there were bug breaches before we even turned on the silos, and platoons of brood commanders were walking around everywhere
you managed that very well as a team. ^^ But that ragequit... :/
What part of "impossible" is hard to comprehend?
I loved HD2 on launch but I've lost intrest now with all these new changes.
big difference between tactical challenges and just overwhelming numbers. The fact that you guys fought off 20 titans is already impressive.  My difficulty 7 game had at least 15 titans and we couldn't pass one of the silos because it is tough fighting with waves of hunters while a mass of titans spawn all around you.  I do have to say, spears help a lot because they have a chance to 1-hit those titans.  There are a few bugs in their spawn system: - too high probability of spawning heavily armored enemies (same with automita, like 3-4 tanks spawns + a dozen hulks with flamethrowers who are insta-kill on any helldiver) - magic-spawn patrolls who then call in reinforcements  These two mechanisms need serious adjustments.
So for me it was the conplete opposite. All my missions today were lvl9 and i had only 4-6 titans and around 10-20 chargers while the chaff were pretty much everywhere. The only mission was the eliminate the swarm defense mission where we had around 12 titans and shit ton of chargers and chaff.
-Bombs and bullets you lob down range next to the silo damages the silos. Solution: don’t shoot the silo if you want to not constantly fail  -Breaches come from pushing the button. If you don’t want to waste ammo don’t push the button until you clear the previous swarm  -You list “Oh BuT yOu HaD tErRiBlE tEaM cOoPeRaTiOn” as a “cope reason” but as a matter of fact for this mission team coordination DOES make or break the outcome of the mission. Only activate one tower at a time, clear previous waves before resetting, and ping the minimap when relocating to the other silos/extraction pad. Calling it “cope” is pure projection on your part  I might not play at the difficulty you showed here, but even at Diff 6 I’ve quick played into many TCS matches and had absolutely zero problems with this mission. I daresay it’s one of my favorites in the game as of now.
You can’t use the same strategy for other missions on a new mission that is completely different. Especially on lvl 9. People would still complain that the enemies are too heavy if they were to reduce them even more. 😂  You guys want 1 bug to spawn at a time.
Why do you guys never use orbital railguns lol
I liked the part where you dropped 2 500kg bombs on the bile titan and it said "u wot"
What's crazier is that bile titans and chargers take considerably more damage than the tanks  It actually makes no sense how durable the bugs are And for some reason, ANY defend mission is considerably harder than roaming around the map doing objectives, it actually doesn't make sense why this is the case when it should be the complete opposite
are people just ignoring that half these titans spawned when the silo wasnt even active lol.  im of the mindset at this point that playing above 4 or 5 just isnt worth it. i dont even care about the ship upgrades anymore. if you have a dedicated squad to roll with sure, otherwise nah. with the weapons dropping tomorrow, considering the tone deaf balance patch i cant help but think they will either be godly and then nerfed immediately or wont work for shit because primaries are supposed to suck just use your strats 4head.
I'm not playing up to these difficulty levels yet but slowly getting there..  What struck me is that the start of the video was "fine". You were all holding your own while there was a ton of chaos, which is what i'd expect in difficulty 8+... but then they keep coming..and coming...and some more. If there was any real breathing room, or better ammo balance it would've been fine i guess. Gotta keep remembering that you are playing near/at the top end of the game  What i have noticed though, and this counts for any difficulty i've played and seen.. Spawn rates seem quite inconsistent. Some levels there's almost nothing there, you take out the target, a couple of enemies roll in.. you kill em and you're done. Seen it in videos of people soloing lvl 9s too.  Other times you get instant breaches, while 2 or 3 patrols come in from nowhere  I just wonder where the game would need to go. Is it the spawn rates, ammo economy, lack of hard hitting options in crowded missions.. all of the above? The devs need to communicate where they intend the hardest difficult to end up. If they only want the cream of the crop to be able to do them, at least we know what they are aiming for.
Silly-villians saying rocket. :D
They made the game worse 🤦‍♂️
ive never been so fucking disappointed in a game legitimately which says so fucking much as i played destiny for 10 years and have 9k hours and that shit show didn't ever disappoint me so much. i dont know they took what was nearly perfect just need a couple of changes and through two tiny patches turned into something almost unplayable. ive never seen someone shoot themselves in the foot so bad. i seriously dont mean any hate the devs are awesome i wish i could be positive but for the health and longevity of this game we CANNOT pretend this is okay and be positive. not that we need any death threats or anything but this is unacceptable.
The game already has armor shredding built into the game, now the game just needs to actually implement it across the game. Armor should be seen as an obstacle, a puzzle of sorts to get through, not as some unstoppable force that can only only be countered by bringing the biggest explosion in the game. I think as far as normal weapons go, buckshot shotguns should have some form of armor shredding, while keeping armor penetration on the weapons which have it (or some should gain better pen, the rifles are all pretty bad right now). Each enemy type should have a weakness to their armor, making your loadout require a bit more thought before diving in. The bots armor should be countered by explosions, the bugs by fire, and the luminious I've heard rumors of which supposedly have energy shields should be countered by lasers. Once you deal with their armor, you can finally unleash with your other weapons and deal with them.   I also heavily believe that the game needs a codex on your ship. Just something to learn about weakpoints on enemies after killing X amount or killing them in certain ways like roasting a charger with a flamethrower or napalm. Or hell, maybe have it be something you can pick up from science stations sometimes, maybe they've done studies on the enemy and their notes can be used to learn about weaknesses. It would be incredibly useful to those who don't want to devote to the game as a full time job, but also extremely fitting. It would make sense that the more missions you go on, the more information you learn to add to your ships personal codex.   While I think the lore and roleplay for this game is fantastic, I mean I play D&D of course I love it, people need to remember that ultimately this ***IS*** a game. This is something that people should have fun with, meaning yeah, we gotta talk about balance. The most insane thing to me about balance in this game though, is that it's a co-op game. I could understand being more scrupulous if this were a PvP game where you need to make sure it's fair for both side since there are real people on both sides, but this game has you fighting against AI. Meaning it's far more important in this game that you have more options that are actually useful instead of just playing the 1 meta pick, and to do that you need to make most things at least viable if not outright good to use. If at some point the game feels too easy, well figure out where you can dial it back. One thing I absolutely loved about this last update is it showed a future where the game could be balanced around the story, like the mechs coming from Tien Kwan, so if the devs suddenly think the mechs are too strong well we could lose Tien Kwan and have to actively fight to keep making mechs. The same thing could be done with a lot of other weapons too.
Has anyone tried using the worst loadout possible and dropped in?  Perhaps it tweaks the difficulty on what you are using or even match making rank type thing.  If it's based on loadout then it throws at you what you should be able to handle with your loadouts combined.  If it is MMR then you grouped with real good players and it decided that this would be a challenge but not insurmountable for you if played right.  Need more testing in this.
I like the way how hard this game is :D (that is not sarcasm, i actually like it)
I have had times where a patrol would literally spawn out of thin air right on me, and I’m literally not joking when I say that.
honestly thats just dogshit luck, ive run this mission on helldive without seeing that many bile titans
There are 9 difficulty levels for a reason. Stop seething that the top 1/2 difficulties are hard
a game is for everyone is a game for no one
I think it's become a lot clearer that that the weapon rebalancing wasn't really what broke the game it's the enemy adjustments that are just ridiculous
The end of your video is the exact reason why there are 7 other difficultys. "are we to expect everyone to play at sweaty esports levels of play?" No no you are not, that is why you dont play at difficulty 8 and 9, those are for the sweaty esports players, 7 and below is for the less sweaty players. thats the problem everyone seems to have. "why cant i beat the HARDERST DIFFICULTY?" because it wasnt made for you is why. there are 7 other difficultys and you only need to do up to 7 to get samples. anything beyond that is a challenge difficulty for the hard core. the REAL COPE is everyone thinking they are entitled to beat all levels of difficulty. again you only need to go to 7 anything beyond that is not required.
yo, I think they forgot to turn down the spawn count of heavy units while being successful in turning up the chaff spawns.
Get good
Play on a lower setting learn how the mission works and where things are and do one at a time. Really is thst simple.
Wait a minute, I thought they reduced the spawn rate? 🤔😂  We had the exact same thing on difficulty 7 but only with Chargers and due to the unknown mission type our strategems where rather wasted…  Oh my dear 35 minutes of pure horror :D
just activate more than 1 at a time sometimes they just ignore some of them
what do you mean man, you have 8 500k bomb, 2-4 mechs that can take down around 12-14 titans together, and first 500k are back worknig by the rest of the utility is done, clearly its challenging, but man thats the point at difficulty 8. By five minutes you had already completed 2/3 of the objectives. You clearly have the resources to handle the bile titan number. Looks like a skill issue. The point of having hard difficulties is to be challinging, that missing a 500k bomb punishes you on some way. Looks like you want it to be a walk on the park.
The Termacide missions are buggy AF on top of the damn heavy spam.  WE had one mission where nothing would spawn and the silo shut down after 3 seconds. Bust guess is that the bugs where inside the silo.
"Game harder = bad update" LMAOOOO Also, 12:28 At the higher difficulties, yes.
I've had such a bad inconsistency with the Recoilless Rifle post update. Was on yesterday and in a few missions it felt like it was doing 0 damage. For instance, prior to patch, using it to blow off a charger's leg armor would take 3 or so follow up shots from the Breaker to finish it off. Yesterday I'd blow their leg armor off (if I couldn't get a solid LOS on the head) and it would take a full mag of Breaker ammo to kill it. Was also experiencing it not doing anything when hitting Bile Titans or Chargers dead on on the heads. EATs were working fine, but Recoilless just wasn't doing anything for me half the time. Felt like it had a weird variance depending on lobbies, and it was a woeful inconsistency for me. Had to put it down.
That what ours looked like and we was on level 5
On lower difficulties, the Bile Spewer is the Bile Titan.  We have 25 spewers come out during evac on a small evac site, so the entire evac site was just spewers.  I only use the grenade launcher now to clean up spewers because if I don’t, we get overrun.  I was soloing difficulty 5 at level 9, so I’m not exactly new to games like this.  It’s hard to make up for one or two casual teammates when the odds are stacked against you.  They looked to have pulled back a bit on the spawning of them, but for about 36 hours or so, difficulty 5 was simply dodging green slime.  This is what we get for smacking around the automatons and getting our mechs so fast. 😂
Yea this was just not understanding the mission type and how it spawns enemies. I love your content man but the clickbait titles and "the balancing is destroying the game" really aren't helping.
The update is good, I'm enjoying helldives a hell of a lot more than I was before the update. The termicide missions spawn enemies more densely than any other mission type, except for Exterminates. They're trivial to complete even at diff 9 with 4 english speakers if you just use 1 patriot per charging station, since it just takes 2 patriot rockets to kill a titan.
Honestly... Play on a lower level if you're not enjoying the game on higher levels. It's genuinely that simple.
Your team didnt clear breaches between activation attempts so you are insta creating level 8 breaches on top of level 8 breaches. Easy mistake to make as it is a new mode but there should have only been 4-7 BT's all game but things went wrong and then got worse!
If yall know takibo he recently made a vid about 500kg and some other things, 500kg is weaker somehow and the impact has to be like head on or else its ineffective
This is literally all my helldivers 2 pain in one video
If this were Vermintide, Darktide or even Left4Dead, you'd get laughed out the room for criticizing enemy spawn rates while playing on the second hardest difficulty...
The amount of chaos, stress and adrenalin when playing level 7-9 is insane. But when you and your mates finally come out on top, man, you just laugh, scream and feel out of breath almost. And you feel soooo good afterwards.
Lowering the spawn rates of only the biggest while increasing everything else, just results in an overall increase to the spawn rates of everything, including the biggest enemies. Because the little and medium guys are so much more numerous, they can call in reinforcements more often. Because they call in reinforcements more often, the number of bigger enemies, which often come with the reinforcements, has become more numerous. So the reduction in bigger enemies is pointless, because they increased the number of smaller units that spawn them in. They effectively only increased the spawn rates of everything.
"We reduced the spawn rate of heavy units like chargers and bile titans" my ass lmao
You literally cannot even focus on the mission anymore. The game just became a round based horde shooter
Game is slowly loosing its appeal because of this, it’s sad
Ya the first time playing this mission I didn’t get how to do it either
One thing I think you're missing is that the difficulty is literally called Impossible. Difficulty FOUR is called Challenging! As a casual player, I don't want an impossible challenge - so I don't play on Impossible difficulty. Problem solved, because there wasn't a problem in the first place.
All yesterday as well as this morning before i left for work my game just crashes upon launching. This update is the worst yet in my eyes
If the 500kg was more consistent (oneshot titans) this might have been fair, but even then thats only 12 titans with max eagle upgrades
OK so, if we do some maths here: - You got 20 bile titans in 20 minutes, meaning you round that at 1 bile titan per minute. - With full Eagle upgrades, you get 2 500kg bombs every 2 minutes or so which have a good tendency to one shot Bile titans. If not, you have your recoilless. A well placed precision strike also one shots a bile titan, which comes back once every 80 seconds if I'm not mistaking, fully upgraded. - You had three players with 500KG bombs, two players with mechs, you with the recoiless and one with the expandable anti tank.  With 6 500kg bombs, you can easily take down 3 bile titans a minute if you're very unlucky and can't kill them in one shot, a good average of 4.5 bile titans a minute if you seek between unlucky and lucky. You use the rest of your stratagems to kill the chargers since you now one shot them in the head. I don't want to be that guy saying it's a skill issue, but I think your team was just not ready to take down such hard level missions or wasn't coordinated, and seemed to be the only one truly taking down titans, with that one other guy.  Please DO NOT bring the difficulty like it was at launch. I could do helldive missions with a three man crew in barely 15 minutes and without meta builds. I'm not saying you should have meta build to be able to take down the hardest level at all, I'm saying being only 3 helldivers without even using any OP gear and managing to do the hardest difficulty missions without breaking too much of a sweat shouldn't be a thing. We should struggle at least a little bit.
Ngl I would have ran away a long time ago, would have went n done something else lol especially when yhe team isn't communicating and keeps dying
That looked sick!
Until they fix this, I'll be chilling at challenging and hard mode for fun sake.
...mmmm, ima stick to my baby medium missions thank you very much :D
I agree with you that "git gud" isn't a valid response. Specifically in this case I feel like this video isn't going to age well, and I think you'll realize why once you understand how this specific mission works.  This is a "hold out" style mission, similar to the "kill 600 bugs" defense missions.  Saying that "wave balance" is broken for the whole game after playing a new "hold out" mission on difficulty 8, isn't a very solid or fair critique.  I think a more valid critique in this case would be "the mission objective isn't clear enough" or "there isn't enough feedback to the player when damaging the mission objective."  Or specifically about waves for this mission type, maybe a "longer delay before another bug breach spawns after failing to defend the silo" would be potentially be more valid to critique in this case.  TLDR: Maybe there were too many titans and it could be toned down slightly in this case!  Maybe. But you can't reasonably say "There's too many titans!  The whole game's spawn system for every mission type is completely borked!!" when we literally see you 500kg nuking the silo multiple times, causing the event to reset, which causes more bugs (and titans) to spawn each time you do it.
I think they should buff all the Air-Strike type stratagems. You think someone flying a jet is going to drop a bomb 40ft past a bile titan just cause that's where the marker said put the 500kg? They'd know the AOE
So you played an unfamiliar mission on difficulty 8 (that's "impossible", in case you forgot) with a bunch of random players. And you made it quite far. I salute you. Doesn't that feel like an achievement in and of itself? (the rage quit ending aside). I think this difficulty level should be... well, damn near impossible! That's what makes it such a challenge, but also so rewarding when you finally manage, no?  "We choose to [do these things] not because they are easy, but because they are hard"...
Why not just put it back the way it was or a timer on them 210s-500s like a call in so you will at least have them when it comes
Helldivers 2 is really in a broken state right now, for the life if me I can't understand why they even touched it in the first place. The game was in a great place and now it's fucked, thank you.
All I hear is, "Waaah waaaah waaah!" Grow a pair and be grateful the devs are even considering tweaking the game at all.
4:02 "I have no idea what this mission type is about" *plays on difficulty 8* 12:08 *cites stuff probably no one said because it's to specific* "Do we really expect people to play at the level of sweaty esports professionals [...]" *plays on second hardest difficulty* 12:42 "[...] revert Helldivers back to what it was on launch [...]" So you want to revert 12 mostly well made patches because you still don't get what a difficulty setting means?  What this tells me about you is, that you are ignorant to the games mechanics, defensive towards criticism against your point and painfully stupid when it comes to problem solving. This whole video proves your counterpoint. You did not understand anything the game tries to educate you about and you clearly expect to just be the best at everything. I don't defend the patches themself, I defend against the stupid arguments brought to the table. There are some issues, but this video does not represent anything.
Use better loadouts lol
Just play the game and have fun.
I think it's funny.
1- damage is inconsistent, with any weapon or stratagem 2- enemy variety is in a very bad state
Get stick bugged lol
"People will watch this entire video and come up with reasons why its okay"  *Checks comments, absolutely sure that the community of this game would /never/ be weird thralls*  "Why aren't you just FUCKING BETTER at the game? What are you, like a NORMAL PERSON who plays games for FUN? Here's a list of every single reason you're wrong and why you should immediately throw your PC in the dumpster and also get good and also skill issue."
9 difficulties. If you wanna tke it easy play a lower difficulty 😂😂
The. Ike titans were ridiculous but I default run a scythe and arc thrower mech as ppl aren’t adjusting to the chaff change. Using guns that don’t have ammo is a perfect answer to that problem and lets others deal with the bullshit
Im so sory but this looks insanely fun 😃😃
Man you got it hard
"500kg small AOE" should never be said in a single sentence, unless you are talking about a 1000kg bomb, or above. 500kg needs a rework if you ask me. And anyway, if you would have finished the mission, devs would say "too easy" xD The problem is, if you get a proper loadout for higher diff levels, that loadout might be absolutely overpowered if used on the diff lvl 4/5/6/7, and devs will think that it should be nerfed. Just as the railgun. Yes, Railgun made solo diff 7 doable without sweating too much, but then again, we had to get to level 20 before we were able to actually use it, and by level 20 theoretically ideal scenario would be using it on at least level 7 diff, but myself, and probably a lot of other people, used it for solo fun run on lvl 4/5/6 for the samples and shid, so it came off as "TOO OP OMG PLEASE NERF META GUN" in my opinion. I'm looking forward for future balancing, as lets be honest, this game is so fresh, it's actually remarkable it's in such a good state as it is now.
Read the mission objective. Seems like you almost made it, and then everything would have been super awesome. You can't just drop in a new mission without knowing the mission or with a new gun. Things will be harder and when already playing on diff 8, it can go wrong easily.
I feel the new major order is a trap by our game master. It is going to be hell as the terminids evolve.
More titans than the fucking rumbling
i think the lag of Anti Tank weapon and team coordination are to be blamed. I counted 7 failed Silo 3 attempts... and thats primarily why you guys failed. Every attempt at the silo spawns titans and chargers, if there isnt enough AT ready you guys are in for a run! 500kg are good, but you gotta make it count! EAT on the other hand spawns 2 with 70s CD, autocannon helps too!
This mission is just not well, not to say poorly played. Obviously you had no idea what it was about, but your team just didnt help at all by pushing the buttons all the time.
I dunno, that looks like what I imagine difficulty 8 to be for that kind of mission.
Welcome to modern games.
Yesterday i had no bugs coming after we have activated the tower and called in evac. 2 min sitting still with no enemies haha it was on lvl 5 difficulty
I do think that these missions are supposed to be kinda insane since the terminids are supposed to be rapidly reproducing on these planets.
10:49 we did helldive last night and didn’t have near this many Bile titans, we did however have about 100 bile spewers
Thank God I'm not the only one!!! Lvl 7 mission with stupid amounts of Bile Titans and Chargers? What's going on with this game? Don't get me started on the Automatons, gave up on that entire sector..
The bullshit of ballance is strong in this pne
Every time you press the button waves of enemies spawn.
Just what tell you play the game for a year. See if you don't get sick of on the mic and the music.  Me again I know what it is. I just figure it out then farme and cheese the fuck out of it and if reload speed and impact is a thing get that to 100 both of them.
I feel bad for the devs, the game garnered such a whiny community. I've seen people even saying so much as 7+ is impossible to play on. Like they bitch and moaned about heavies, now they bitch and moan about all the regulars. If you aren't good enough just lower the difficulty. You won't be good at every game no embarrassment there. 7 is literally called suicide and there's still 8 and 9 to go, yet people want any john gamer to be able to beat it with ease like??? Bring disposables, bring railgun cannon, don't hit the button instantly after every fail before even clearing out your original horde. People will do complain about everything except their own skill. The game has shit it needs to work out and plenty of bugs I wont disagree there, but the community feedback has been atrocious.
someone’s spamming the silo start button. Every button push is a guaranteed bug breach just like when you’re setting up a drill. If you messed up the silo clear the area FIRST or you’re just setting yourself up to fail. Drowning yourself in infinite enemies. Like you said, it was your first time so you clearly didn’t know that.
I don't play on that high at the moment, but i  have gotten swarmed by charger, the spewers and that other spewer one. I think of it as what is happening is also due to what is happening. We are supposedly trying to "permanently" prevent them from getting to a certain area of planet. Maybe what happening is because of that? Like a strong push to keep that from happening. With what i am seeing is that since it is a live service, updates might be more of "ok super earth is doing this, now this is how these enemies are going to react." along with some of the changes... Yes, it can and probably will be extremely frustrating, but maybe thats how its meant to be. Cause and effect.
I feel like the issue is too much RNG, sometimes diff 7 is a cake walk, I barelly even need to use my ATs, sometimes it's completelly overwhelming and it's frustrating because there isn't anything you can do to decrease the enemy spawn rate (What I originally thought clearing lairs and fabricators was supposed to do but it's actually just a side objetive that gives a bit of money and XP.).
Please give this man some tissue AND a,diaper i hate cry babies😂😂😂
This guy is relating exactly how I feel.  Seems like the devs are actively trying to make the game less fun! Yesterday was the first time I did not enjoy playing Helldivers.  I hope they can fix there previous fixes
Just to say it, it was stated that the new mission type is supposed to be harder than normal missions we’ve been playing.
12:30 If your palying on, impossible difficulty, yes.  Yes we do. Its not hard difficulty, Its not exstream difficulty. Your playing on impossible. One single inprefection should mean you lose.   Your complaints would be vallid if you where playing on hard.
This game is a joke now , they need to revert back
I think it is to hard since the beginning.
You say there is a huge amount of vile Titans.... But you make it look so easy 😅💪 But yea... I have not played the new mission and i have played lvl 7 and it was a amount of vile Titans that you can handle. Not this bad...
If there is a way to make it enjoyable for more people, it is the most welcome. But exactly which patch you "enjoyed" so much you want it back? 17 Feb (.009) is the first balance patch that actually increased the difficulty of 7+. The next balance patch is the controversial one on 6th March. (.100) which literally made the game easier with flamethrower taking down charger fast. Then is the latest spawn rate change. (.102) which does make it more troublesome as stratagems good at killing small bugs deal no damage to heavies, but overall just easier with 1 shot killing chargers.  I don't get it, like the game literally became easier with charger dying so fast, but still the complain is the game is too hard, and say earlier probably harder patch is better. Bring shield if you hate getting toss around, just like pre-patch. Use railgun with unsafe mode, it is then as good as pre-patch.  Recoilless rifle with Mech is just inefficient, like you can't use both at the same time, you are better off dropping EAT17, return to mech and your teammate can use the EAT17 along your mech. Even a duo EMP mortal and duo Mech is better than Recoilless rifle with Mech.  There are some legit spawn location concern that I think dev could look at, but I can't,  It is so baffling to claim older patch is better is easier, while the game had been buffing weapons and nerfed enemy.  Can someone tell me which patch and what make the old patch "fun", or "easier". Pre .009 patch? Although people still praise the game as fun post .009 patch?
game is in a good state right now you just somehow managed to play on pre fix configuration
why you cry its suicide difficulty... if you dont want that go play lower difficulty... also you go to NEW mission type and start with difficulty 8... its your fault you failed...
I think instead of spawn rate (which is unknown to us what 'rate' there is) they should have made spawn capped and spawn timer. Like how many titan should be at one time and how long apart they could spawn again. . Because this is what they do to us, cooldown timer for everything we have, to make the game fair our enemy should get the same treatment with their heavy weapon spawn (Bile Titan, Hulks etc.)
(Difficulty 7 player here) The first time we did this mission was pretty bad we lost the first silo 6+ times the second around 4-5 times and the last one we finished on the 3rd run. We got maybe 2 or less titans per silo and mountains of the little guys to deal with. Luckily most of us ran either machine guns or grenade launchers along with mines, tesla towers and supply packs so we lots of crowd control but yeah definitely was a step up in difficulty. Luckily the enemies most focused on the silo so death were low, mostly team kills from tesla or mines.
Idk I played this on impossible and it wasn’t that bad, the strategy was to turn on 3 silos and full team kill the bugs around 1 and let the other 2 load up
500 k needs a buff desperately. There is no excuse why a big bomb like that feels like a pepper weight at times
jesus fucking christ...
🫡
Just a minor pet peeve but the fact that the hell bomb terminal is always facing away from me whenever I try to call it down. Its nothing super important but just mildly irritating that I have to go all the way around the hellbomb to access the terminal(sometimes I'll be glitched into the wall and can't see the display). Can't you guys just make it so that the terminal is always facing towards me when I throw it?
I believe it isn't skill issue, but a communication one. Every time you activate sub or main objectives, it spawns enemies (bug breaches and automaton ships) and each spawn, in different types of missions, have different scripts for what types and how many enemies. Letting your team know what the objective is about and when you'll activate it can save some trouble. The game isn't balanced, not because of the spawn rate or number of enemies, but because of the glitches and matchmaking, where one mistake can cost lives (yours and of your teammates) and the objective itself. One way to fix this is matchmaking people with similar completed missions in the same difficulty, and trying to pair players with high kills/death and others with low kills/death. Communication is still key in coop plays. So instead of criticizing and pointing fingers, how about everyone complaining just start communicating, as no one really needs to be a pro and know everything they're doing? It's supposed to be fun, according to the devs themselves, so those that know more help those that know less about the game.
Absolutely crazy lol.. have to wonder if certain strategems like 500kg attract more heavy units, causing them to spawn in more frequently. It's more likely a bug though, no pun intended.
Not to say that there aren't any issues with the games balance... but I do find it funny when people play on Impossible or Hell Dive and then expect it to be anything less than an extremely difficult, if not impossible as the names suggest.  Perhaps these difficulties were never meant to be played (and abused) the way they were on launch with huge waves of EXP while just trying to rush main objective and get out, but since people have successfully done these difficulties in the past they think it should be normal to continue doing them that way and feel like they are missing out on the huge EXP and Medal gains they were once getting.  Do hope to see a lot of bug fixes though, that rocket bug is enough for me to never set foot inside the mech.
Highest difficulties are so unbalanced that no matter what load u bring, you will have no chance. We need our trustee rail gun buffed again.
4 group are not enough. We need 8 group team to do this chaos
Completed it on helldive a few times, honestly the number of smaller creatures especially the hunters felt more annoying than the heavies the first attempt because everyone went so hard on antitank gear and got overwhelmed unable to deal with the rest of the horde. Using sentries and having someone with a weapon that can clear them pretty fast helped a lot in the following missions with everyone else more focused on taking out the heavies using antitank support weapons and mechsuits.  Even with things happening like teammates accidentally damaging and resetting the silos themselves or having our mechsuits instantly die before they've even landed on the ground, we managed to get it done. Was just a simple process of getting to a manageable state, then activating the silo and if the silo got reset then clear out the horde and get back to a manageable state before activating it again otherwise you just get completely overwhelmed as it spawns more bug breaches when you activate it. If you're being smart about what you're doing then you're not going to be dealing with that crazy amount of heavies swarming you as often, if you're pressing the silo every time it resets and not killing things first or fast enough then yeah good luck dealing with the extra waves of enemies on top of what you were already struggling with and you're obviously going to think it's ridiculous and absolutely impossible to ever beat. I see a huge disparity in people's opinions about spawn rates and difficulties and I really do think that the people who are running around kiting half a dozen titans at any given moment are bringing it on themselves and not doing the things they could be doing to avoid those situations.  I'm not going to deny the game has it's flaws which I hope get solved but I don't think difficulty or spawn rates are one of those issues. I am of the opinion that the hardest difficulties SHOULD be near impossible for teams that aren't making the right choices and are causing endless hordes to spawn way faster than they can kill them. If you make the hardest difficulties do-able for those teams then the teams that ARE being smart and ARE playing cohesively are just going to breeze through it, and that's no fun either. It makes more sense to me for teams that are struggling to instead lower the difficulty to a manageable level to suit their team and how they're playing rather than expecting the whole game to be lowered to their standard and in the process making the game too easy for the people who are already clearing the current highest difficulties consistently. If you want to play the highest difficulties, be my guest and I hope the liberation goes well, but I don't see why people should expect to beat it by just going in with a bunch of random teammates without much communication or cohesion and be able to beat it consistently.
One BIG issue that Ive been having is... I will have a full squad doing 5 or 6 difficulty & most people who join are super low level & can't do anything then shoot light no armour stuff. leaving me with the recoiless to shoot EVERY heavy.. ( Or use my stratagems) THEN most of the time they will die 8+ times each causing no reinforcements right at extract & they will all leave because they can't be revived.. They should incorporate a penalty time or a temp ban to people who join & leave when reinforcements get low.. the Dev was right it is not harder just a "Skill Issue" XD
Ok I understand now that reactivating the silo spawns a new wave. But MY issue with this mission type is how the small bug's corpses block bullets, bodyblocking the countless other ones chipping at the silo. Waiting to clear the wave wont help as the bodies remain there.  also, folks, please stop saying "stop complaining its meant to be hard" well yes, hard, not annoying. The tryhards are really ruining this game because it made the devs think "people have soloed helldives before" so they can freely make the game more difficult for everyone. This game has serious balancing problem and a toxic community, what was a 9/10 game turns into at most a 7/10. Good things must come to and end I guess.
So I know this may seem funny but I did a lvl 2 kill devestators as a lvl 27 player with a friend of mine (roughly lvl 18)  we used up nealry all of our resuplies (the ressuply to call in our teammates) due to getting bommbared, rocket glitch in the mech wich killed us both 4 times, the enemies for some reason nearly 3 tapping and always hitting heads. how is it possible that I want to take a break after this horrendous update in a lvl 2 mission for me to not even want to play the game anymore. what happened to the game we all loved, this had to be the best game i played this year it was hard but balanced and now... this is just unbalanced bullsh***t. It reminds me of someone making something amazing and then in the search for it to be perfect ruining it all.  This is just sad at this point and not a skill issue anymore.
Honestly I think this is just bad RNG combined with not understanding how the objective for this mission type works. I played four level 7 operations last night, and encountered maybe 10 titans across the entire time I was playing.
this encapsulates every experience I've had lately
honestly most level 9 missions have about that much bile titans... so... nothings changed imo
I’m okay with these missions being harder/having higher spawn rates than regular missions because we are trying to purge the planet for good with termicide, the bugs will fight back hard to stop it. Lore wise it’s kind of cool and I’m okay with the challenge for this mission type
My team was able to do these missions yesterday on lvl 9 with expendable antitank spam. Everyone, every minute, would call them down. We had the map covered in them. Never ran out ammo then lol.
'I have no idea what this mission type is about'  Spams the silo buttons, then makes a suggestive title for a video. Everything for the clicks i guess
Playing like a solo in a coop Game on the second highest difficulty with no clue what to do and complaining? Sorry mate...  this is ridiculous.
and oh no, I don't know what I' m doing shit, maybe learn what is the mission about??
Tired of the outrage bait from this channel, I'll just put it on do not recommend and move on
Just played diff 6, eradication - 5 or 6 Titans in 5 min of mission time. Something is deeply wrong here
Your teammates kept pushing the button before clearing everything. Which just kept making the situation worse, and worse, and worse. I've done a lot of these missions already, and only once had this type of scenario because a random kept hitting the button.
It’s weird, my friends and I easily cleared Turing Helldive but when we went to Erata Prime we had a massive increase to charger/bile Titan spawns
git gud
Yesterday evening tried on 9 - Helldive. Got 5 bile titans from the same bug breach, managed to lose all samples due to a crash, got back in the game, saw my gear and the samples underground (beneath the texture), finally got to evac amd a big surprise: cant get in the shuttle. Result: mission complete, nobody got alive.
Drop down a difficulty then?
Yea I disagree, I played yesterday with 3 and was able to do it when we realized the strategy.
Bring a fcking autocannon sentry and guard it.
I think people dont realize that this game is so artificially difficult, its not as simple as "get gud kid" as artificially difficult bypasses any skill, all terminids can stun lock you, every hit stops a heal despite you jabbing yourself 3 or 4 times, things that should be mantleable, arent and thinking it can be can get you stuck, key word CAN for those of you who will think, "yeah, if you dont move" despite any primary weapon tgat i have so far, they all seem to need a mag dump on most enemies above all the small guys except pouncers and hunter, its like quater mag each, and they send like 10 at you at a time, strategems like some said are penalty cooldown, penalty drop time, and im sure theres more, which these are all fine, but the game is definitely artifically difficult whether youre a "get gud kid" or a "whiner"
Yeah I did that on difficulty 8 too, not by choice since I can't reliably clear 7 yet but host just felt like it! It was 20 something minutes off hell before we failed!
17 bile titans in, now what's the objective again?
Mf actually want the hardest difficulty to be easy at this point, it's already fair. Get good or play on lower difficulties, just drop your ego and stop expecting the devs to make the hard difficulty easy for you. You literally can play on dif 7 or 8 which give you rewards and are almost a breeze.
Now imagine how much fucking fun this would be   IF THEY DIDN'T NERF THE SHIT OUT OF THE RAIL GUN
you think this is bad? its going to get worse :D
Maybe complete the objective instead of acting like COD players sitting there playing team deathmatch for absolutely no reason
This is democracy at it finest learning as we play. you sound like one of those people who complained about elden rings start, " game is too hard theres no guidance". like im just recording for content and people bashing on me on team skills. like the makers of pal world ....... find other games. Like that plead at the end  lets make helldivers 2 great again ,its really sad. just like the rest of the world, pretty sure everyone going to move forward with or without you. for a game i love playing after work, i find this game to be great on giving us things to do after community keeps finishing in game events faster than expected. so far only real ISSUE are those players that are learning there is hacks now in the game, CRY more about steady gameplay content. MAYBE if you shine a proper light on the hackers maybe i would give you a follow and a sub.
Devs need to get their shit together lol I love this game but it's kinda unplayable on higher difficulties, you're just asking to get stressed out especially if you play with randoms
This feels like it's just for clicks. The spawn rates are way better now, across all difficulties. This mission type just spawns more bug breaches than usual, so you literally just need to stick together and defend one silo at a time. What do you expect on a level 8 difficulty where you're failing to defend the silos multiple times...
Helldivers 2 WAS promising.
its quite simple each time you press the silo button 3 breaches open. also if the silo restarts and you press the button 3 more open up, so make sure you really want tp press the button before you do, i suggest clear the 3 breaches first
I’ll be honest, I personally really felt the change in difficulty 7. I have yet to see more than 2 at once, whereas previously I’ve seen up to 4 at once on level 7  *In ~regular~ missions*
Skill issue
Rail gun still kills bile titans with a face shot. It wasn’t nerfed into the ground
I'm sick of YouTubers complaining about this game. You are obviously not the demographic AH is trying to cater to. I wish I would stop getting his videos in my feed.
Tend to be on your side with these concerns but this one was absolutely on you and your team.   If you don’t know what to do, ask your team, especially at this difficulty.   As for your team, they kept pressing the button to restart the silo each time, which summons a breach every time.   Doubt you’ll reply to this as I’ve also noticed you tend not to engage with comments that sound even a little bit critical but you can’t have it both ways.
I agree, it’s not balanced or they want this game to be a different one then the one we got at launch because it went from pretty fun, to wow is this my life for 20 minutes in this game; spending a ton of time reloading only to have more enemies spawned then I just already killed. I felt like a commando when the game released and now I feel like the devs are weakening us to be just cannon fodder. Next up I bet they’ll just weaken all the stratagems and boost how many times we can respawn cuz they like how we die a lot. Also if some energy weapons have no ammo and only a cool down then strap a bigger version on a Mech Suit and BOOM we have Mechs that can go on forever and Super Earth would literally be saved 👍
I've been playin HellDiver with no problems
Learn the mechanics first 🤦🏻‍♂️. We are at the point where we are veterans of the game and we know the feeling of not having fun anymore because we think we are elite players tackling the highest difficulty.
At this point, it just feels like we are playing a game where we never win 👎🏻🏅
so in a mission where youre trying to activate a weapon to kill all bugs on planet, we're getting mad about bugs trying to stop you? people just want a game to be unnecessarily easy. its called helldivers. not easydivers  dont get me wrong, there are issues. bugs where you cant reinforce, my god damn laser guard dog killing me, and many more. I even had a match where after we finally got the last one done and went for extract, the extract was somehow destroyed due to titans. but we completed our mission and gave our lives for the cause. in the climate of games that we've been getting in the past couple years, this game is really great  besides the rocket glitch incident, that match looked fun as hell, also the host is a traitor and should be promptly punished  lastly, wanting to revert to what the game was on launch, to  me, seems like a really good problem to have based on how games are these day.   good game and always  FOR DEMOCRACY!
Terminids need more diversity in their roster. Croud Control Enemy types like those in Left 4 Dead, Vermintide and Darktide are sources which Arrowhead could take inspiration from. Add a bit more CC and Glass Canons to the enemy Roster and it will feel a lot more insteresting.  Example 1: A Spider-like creature that encases players in its webs, first adding a slow effect but ultimately completely incapasitating the player. You would still be able to slowly wriggle yourself out of the web  by mashing a button, but a teammate can cut you out in a second.  Example 2: A Big Daddy Long Legs looking creature that walks above the players and grabs one of them to either quickly run away or drop the player in the middle of the horde, the Creature is squishy, and thin, its center of mass is close to where it pulls the player after grabbing him, making it relatively difficult to kill without damaging the abducted teammate.  Example 3: A giant  armored and spiky Centipede, it tries to encircle players and damage them with its spiky body, a well placed jump allows the player to avoid being completely encircled and shreded, hunters and Stalkers can jump over he Centipede aswell to finish the players off due to their lack of mobility.    We are already hearing rumors about flying Terminids, so thats a step in the right direction.
the 500kg definitely needs a buff
You sure do cry a lot.
"come one guys, stop using the support weapons meta, we want you to rely on your orbitals" - devs  500kg - 4 minute cooldown rail cannon strike - 5 minute cooldown fucking nuke - 10 minute cooldown cooldown cooldown cooldown. i fucking give up
You know what would be really fucking cool? Having a pelican as close air support. It just follows you around providing aerial support with its nose gun
I think something went wrong on your end. I did the mission several times on helldive and we were pretty fine. Something must have broken in the lobby for all these titans to spawn.
Honestly that was so awesome. Constant action. Literally a content generator. I love the updates
Yeah im not shocked you struggled after having literally no idea how this mission works.  When you come adequately prepared both in gear and strategy it is easy. Ive done it 3 times. By attempt 3 its very straightforward.  Our squad rocks a couple tesla coils that we use to defend right up againstvthe silo. We take 2 recoilless rifles, a couple ems mortars, and an arc thrower. Two of us run rail strikes, a couple have orbital laser.  This setp makes clearing smalls a breeze and lets the heavy at wielders focus on the big boys.  End of the day, you are crying about balance while using a badly played mission as evidence. Let alone how shit your preparation was ;) you chose to play high difficulty but complain about it not being easy on the first try.  Skill issue, clown behavior, etc
Good,  it's level 8: impossible difficulty.... Its supposed to be impossible.
Lower the difficulty then. Stop crying. I love it being hard af. If you want to win all the time play on baby poo poo pee pee difficulty then.
ive completed this mission on helldive twice now even soloing it once. Biggest problem is bugs gather up on the silo you are supposed to defend but you actually do team damage to the silo. I ususally just run around the map and activate all the silos on the map and usually i complete the mission in less than 5 mins on helldive. Throw a gatling turret down and boom it can usually hold off until its finished. I have found that my teammates are usually the ones who reset the timer by damaging the silo.
Yea titans eating 3 EATs to the face ... tad too much... But honestly, the game plays so much better then prior patch... like night and day for me. Enemy spawns still need tweaked, imo. But plays WAY better.
Well the problem with this mission is : 1) Every time you push the button it’s automatically making spawn bug hole so if failed and switch again u get more bug. 2) The Silo can get friendly fire from your Stratagem and Sentry. ( so don’t surprise when u call 500kg bomb around silo from stable to unstable ) It’s definitely a hard mission where your cooperative is tested….
I will avoid this mission :) may the bugs win, i will move somewhere else :)
Devs want us to rely more on stratagems but forget that you can’t fight your 10th bile titan in a row while your stratagems are on cooldown
Isn't suicide and above... well kind of like suicide and above?  I am pretty sure Suicide is dead...  and above that... extra dead?  Plus... this mission is 40 minutes for 3 silos... stop pressing buttons.  Slow it down.  Setup defensives and wait until all cool downs are ready... then Democracy up Hell Diver because its going to get hot when you press that button!
I did this mission for the first time yesterday after work on helldiver. None of the randoms i was playing with new what to do either but it didn't take long to figure out. We managed to complete the mission and get out. I think you guys may have been too scattered in my honest opinion.
Same on lvl 7 automaton extermination missions in 2 mins spawns like 7-9 tanks and a whole lotta other heavy armor enemies like wtf are we supposed to do xD
"I didn't know how to do the mission and the bugs kept happening."  This is just whining.
They need to nerf headshot dmg
Pretty amazing gameplay, it’s a shame the host quit   With all the things that were mentioned considered, if you are not having fun with the game it’s ok to take a break from it for a while
I understand this video was reactionary. It's a new mission. I think it's best NOT to try a new mission on helldive. The amount of biotitans that spawned was entirely your team's fault.  You can't handle every mission with a hammer.  This mission you need to pace yourself and take the time to set up for each silo after the dust has settled,  and it will.  Once one silo is done everyone can just run away to the next one with very little opposition.
if you dont killl the tiny ones , more holes will spawn thats all the time.
Ah yes, 10 fucking bile titans and 10 more fucking bile titans upon ye
I just don't like the idea that the developers owe players the ability to complete missions on the highest difficulties in the game.  D8 is called "Impossible", and it should be damn near that.  The original doom "Nightmare" difficulty was pretty much created as a troll because no one at ID thought it would be actually possible, yet people found a way.  If it's too hard, play on a lower difficulty, it's really that simple.  Now, if the jumps between difficulties are too crazy, like, D7 is super cruiser and D8 is too hard, that may be something that needs tweaking.  But high difficulties being insanely hard should be the point.
two words men..... skill issue, or like some of us use to say, git gud
Nah man, that was some bull.
i dont feel like it's an issue... hardmode being hard, no problem here... hardmodewasn't a huge challenge once you learned how to deal with it... now it's proper hell =D
had the same thing happen earlier today.
I completely understand your point, the game isn't perfectly balanced. However we do have to remember that this is a small dev team with only 100 so developers of which 10 of them will be responsible for gameplay mechanics, and only 4-5 of those will be balancing the game. The things with this game it really wasn't suppose to be a mainstream game. We need to take a step back and understand the developers struggles in balancing everything. As well as consider the games genre that being a Hardcore PVE Coop game. It's not suppose to be easy especially on the 2nd hardest difficulty and will require those levels of sweatiness you talk about. It's not perfect under any circumstance and the game does need a smaller spawn rate for that specific game mode. But again there are probably only 4 people trying their hardest to balance this game. It's not a AAA studio with 2000 Devs.
idk what your doing, we got maybe like 8 titans. We made sure to clear absolutly everything before moving on to make sure there were no bug breaches. I manged to clear it in 20 minutes on hell dive
This whole video right here.  People on reddit making posts that the helldiver difficulty is too easy after they supposedly lowered the heavies spawn rate. Not only are the spawn rates of heavies still absurd but now we have to deal with much more lesser enemy types like fracking hunters that can now aim right for your head, slow you to a crawl and are spawning in greater numbers. If anything it's harder now than before they "lowered" the spawn rates of heavies, supposedly.   These try hards who think helldiver difficulty is too easy now are going to ruin this game for everyone.  If the majority of the community agrees the heavies spawn rate is too high then it needs be addressed. Short of leaving helldiver at the difficulty it is and locking it for anyone under lv50, which is the only solution I see, you need to balance the it for everyone. If a group of low level, under equipped group can't make it work with the game allowing them to join helldiver it needs to be balanced or will lead to more rage quits.   Restrict helldiver difficultly to lv50 or fix the spawn rate. This is a PUG game for the majority of people. Not everyone has a high level well equipped group of people to take it on.
The devs seem to have “developer vs player” mentality. They nerf the player and buff the enemies because they aren’t happy with how the game is being played. Now the game is a mess because of this hubris.
Destroying the game is a pretty bleak outlook. Don't get me wrong that amount of bile titans is absolutely insane. But I've noticed that on a mission to mission basis the game seems to select a unit to showcase. You just got unlucky and they showcased the bile titan.   That would explain why you had zero spitters through that whole mission. My first termicide mission had 10-12 bile spitters up at any given moment.  Games hard sometimes. Winning every mission would dilute the DM v PC dynamic. This is a war helldiver's, and bugs don't fight fair.
I honestly think "Sweaty E-Sports Competitive Level" is the developers aim for the highest difficulty by this point.
the issue whit the game is that they think this still is 2D i dont know why they removed so many things like why do we only get 1 supply for the team and why did they removed the ability to call things whit the mech and so many more things
Yeah it kinda seems like you guys keep hitting the button to activate the tower which triggers more breaches.... You need to make sure you clear out and reset with the team before reactivating the tower.... You also want to stay around the tower and not wander too far outside or you will attract patrols which will trigger more breaches  Also, towers take friendly fire damage and if you are throwing rockets/nukes at enemies while next to towers then it will take enough damage that you need to reset.
Allot of complaining and no suggestions or reflection on how this could have happended. You clearly have no clue what is causing the constant spawning since you didn't say anything about it and seem supriced. I see breaches open ever minute this video. no shit your being swarmed by bile titans. I'd like to agree with there being too many bile titans becuase they can be quite common on higher difficulty games, but based on what I see in this video you are giving shody context at best. It just looks like you or your team keep triggering the objective adding more enemies on the already existing pile instead of clearing the existing problem out first. I have been doing max difficulty missions with friends and while getting overwhelmed is something that happens and is expected, it never gets this crazy because we dont just rush into things hoping for the best.  I'm not defending the game for no reason. I'd also like bile titan spawn rates to be reduced a bit since it's a bit too common but I have had a lot of fun on helldiver difficulty and never had this chaos you are showing. There must be more happening in the background that either you dont realise or understand or you are just not showing.
The only "bad" thing about this update is that their claim of changing charger/titan spawns are hardly noticeable and just the same at times.
People like you ruin this game. All you do is complain about everything while I still have a blast.
I noticed a bit of a difficulty spike in the new mission when i first played it too. All i did was bump my difficulty setting down one to figureout how the mission worked before returning to my usual. The difficulty selection is there for a reason. Also players are getting better and better at the game, so it is going to get increasingly difficult to accommodate skilled players.
Sounds like treason to me, boys. High Command will hear of your crimes, coward.
1. No one is communicating. You’re playing with randoms on difficulty 8, on one of the harder mission types. This is made for premade lobbies with planned out stratagems and communication. If you play most other bug missions on 9 they wouldn’t be nearly this hard. You set yourself up for failure  2. There’s a pretty bad skill issue here; your reaction time is slow, you don’t snap to enemies heads, you have bad tunnel vision, you’re stacking stratagems with your teammates’.   I know you people don’t like to hear “git gud” but I’m literally telling you why and how you’re not good, and how to improve so, kind of on you at this point
Am I crazy? Am I the only one who remembers that the reason the spawns are so crazy was because how effective the Railgun was in the first place? Then they nerf the railgun while... Leaving the spawns exactly the same...  And no one thought this would be a problem???  Am I the crazy one?
At this point they should just restore the game to how it was in the first few weeks
stop crying, only problem i have is nerfing chargers, and its supposed to be hard on higher difficulties
I want to start a mission on lvl 9 and finish with 20kg less just from sweating! I understand that is difficult but it is supposed to be. You're one the higher levels and it requires a lot of strategy to pull it off. I'm happy with the change but I also understand why a lot of people aren't.
so bro - joined a diff 8 lobby of randos which means teamplay is quite gimped (as expected...and on high diff) - him and the team carelessly triggered silo buttons NOT even noticing how they trigger bug breaches  - constant bug breaches and didnt even thought "Hey, maybe thats why im fighting loads of heavies?" like not even once   No you dont expect people to play like e sports pros but when are these types of people gonna realize that THEY are doing something wrong...I mean why the fuck are you expecting people running High diff w/ no comms for it to go smoothly? jeez bro your "this is the evidence" is just moot right from the get go because your case is already faulty right from the start..good lord 🤣 people really like to exaggerate a lot of the things in this game and I gotta blame the launch state of the game that bloated the ego's of these kinds of players who think they're good emough for high diff runs lmao   Ive done a lot of TCS runs on Helldive with premades...at the start it was this chaotic because we didnt what to do until we noticed a few things and worked out solutions to the problems it had (deal with roaming heavies before pressing silos to improve horde management / use Tesla near the batteries and quick anti tank stratagems (Orbital RC/Exosuit, 500Kgs) / bring anti tank sp's (EAT's/Recoilless) ) after that quick adjustment all of it went smoothly from there  ..not even one heavy lasted around everytime we charged a silo and triggered a bug breach  once again...skill issue 🤭
So 3 issues I noticed with this particular video, the unfamiliarity with the mission type lead to poor choices made when specing your loadout (not your fault here we are all new to a mission at one point), but this leads to the second point the loadouts. For this mission type I've found a sentry heavy loadout is best in particular the teslas, as there are choke points around the towers placing the tesla in said locations effectively locks them down from most enemies, along with a autocannon for support placed a bit further back, we ran with a recoilless/EAT for heavy targets the sentries couldn't deal with and had a 2/2 split between the regular mortar and ems mortar among the squad for dealing with most bug clusters at range. And last restarting the silos every time they go down before you manage to clear everything out is a solid way to get overwhelmed, as it appears the starting them ramps up the spawn rate considerably, which from what I was able to tell seemed to be occurring in your particular game and thus leading to the insanity we witnessed in the video.  That said tho the game does still feel a bit... "off" when it comes to the spawns outside that mission type, I can't quite put my finger on what it is, but it does feel like its goes from 0 to 11 really quick at the drop of a hat in many cases. That said I wouldn't mind the heavy spawn rate if we had the tools available to deal with them adequately and since the devs want us to depend on the strategems, I personally think that off feeling comes from the long cooldown time of several strategems in particular the orbitals, which leads you to kiteing more often than not which is not particularly fun gameplay in most circumstances. Now I can understand the long cooldown period of say backpack items, heavy weapons and sentries as they are present on the field for quite some time and have far less chance of getting foiled by a enemy just moving a few feet away from the targeted area before the long cooldown hits as in the case of many orbitals, so maybe tweaking that cooldown rate would have a positive effect and allow us to depend on our strategems a bit more without having to delve into kiteing as much.  And to get ahead of somebody saying "oh you want this game to be easy mode" or something to that effect, no I rather enjoy the pucker factor when things go sideways, but at the same time I would like more plausible options to reverse the situation as well that are not wholly dependent on just waiting out a timer.
Finally, you know.
I think it'd be fairer if little bugs couldn't call in heavys like chargers and biletitans, if they bumped up the natural spawning of them in higher difficulties it'd be much fairer. Also there needs to be a larger window to kill a bug calling in reinforcements, it seems as soon as the animation start it calls then in. You can at least kill the robot firing the flare before it calls a dropship
The update really isn't that bad.
Looks like Joel had it out for you 😆
The 500kb bomb area of effect is rather shite it really is I think it's Hot detection is broke  It's ridiculous that meteors come down near the end of the objective extraction  Sentry even with the health upgrade it doesn't last long  It was great before they messed it with it, difficulty 4 can also be annoying as well
skill issue it's D8 my brother in fucking christ get good
im still mad about making all weapons wet fart aginst enemy so we cant deal with anything
FUCKING. SKILL. ISSUE
These are the same simps that cope for dying games while admit nothing wrong as game studios file for chapter 11 bankruptcy. They will still be in the comments and forums saying devs did nothing wrong its the entire world of millions of players that should change lol.
May railgun save us all
A very balanced game…
Crappy vlog
Played this mission on helldivers difficulty and there must of been over 20 bile titans we managed to do one of the towers but we’re stuck alternating between the last 2 trying to escape bile titans and 100s of hunters
Wait...so youre telling me the harder difficulty missions are hard? Woah AND theyre even harder when youre playing a team--based game and at least one person is rage-tilting and doing nothing? Double woah! WHO WOULDA THOUGHT
I think the reason is.. THIS MISSION IS A FUCKING TRAP, I absolutely believe that.. Notice that when you activate the towers, none of the bugs actually die? Kind of weird no? You'd think it's more potent or actually works instantly in a way.  I feel like it spawns more and more bugs at that rate. Reactivating the button on the towers after you fail also do that, so it's always better to wait, clear everything and try again when no bugs are left.
I agree this update sucks so much
You gonna cry some more yep
Im sorry gamer, but you not knowing what the objective was is part of the problem. You have to protect the silos. Each time your team starts a silo  it spawns a wave and those waves will have heavies. If you fail to protect and start again, you spawn a new wave. Which will have more bile titans. Did them with randoms myself at like 7 and 8. Each one had 2-3 bile titans per silo. Working together we dealt with the titans whenever they popped up and had like 9 max. And that is just in the new silo missions. Outside of them, i couldnt even tell they had changed the numbers
i believe u had it bro anyways
Yeah the Major Order is fucked lol. I'm not bothering with it honestly.
Each update just proves the game was fine pre nerf patch. I hate to be that guy but it would have been more ideal if they had focused the first few patches on fixing major bugs (no pun intended) and fixes instead of weapons nerfs the majority didn't ask for.
maybe a set number of heavy adversaries per mission like at max difficulty have like 12 bile titans and 20 to 25 chargers. Spawning in as missions progress. out side of that i know end game content is supposed to be hard but this looks a little silly.
I just think it's this exact mission type that's supposed to be a lot harder.
I ended up having to complete Impossible Activate Terminid Control System solo after my squad dropped mid mission. https://youtu.be/K9yFQsTJGI0?si=_QFKsu21lxIMWLys  The game scales difficulty per number of players and another thing that is same as original Helldivers is that if you take out heavies faster, as long as alarm state remains, they will spawn more. If you leave them to roam about (can be partially neutered by destroying their bile sacs) and focus on those bugs that raise alarm (some objectives raise alarm automatically), you will have easier time. Extraction has this permanent blue light beacon that draws in patrols and bigger enemies that may be wandering about in broader map, so that is another situation where you have to make fight or flight decisions.
Sorry but this was a skill issue that wasn’t really your fault, your teammates kept activating the silo defense with way too many enemies still alive. There was like 7 reactivations and a new wave spawns each time. Don’t think you should critique the game design off of a new mission you did incorrectly. Not really your fault but still.
Man, you kids will cry over anything... Suck it up and kill the enemies or go play something more suited to you... Like Minecraft 🤦😂
They need to stop nerfing shit if the issue is rail gun usage and what the meta was they should have left it and buffed the rest of the shit.
Excluding the smaller issues like the 500kg radius; this is much more of a teamwork issue, you guys were just spamming ammo and stratagems and missing half, you can take out 1-2 bile titans with a 500kg when baited and timed as you had done later in the video with bile 19.   These higher difficulty missions really do require communication and teamwork especially when bug breaches are corresponding with objectives. Yes it still could use improvement but your also disregarding the fact they wanted those high missions to have a lower completion rate since they were seemingly too easy. I am not saying the game is perfect in fact it needs a lot of work but we do have to plan and strategize for certain missions much more prior. Running a general loadout may not be the best option as you want to better tailor for each objective based mission such as this one.
This video is literally based upon you’re lack of knowledge on termicide mission and also playing with randoms.
bro has never been to malevon
100% agree with this...The unfortunate thing is the devs who were being toxic at the time enabled toxicity within the community by making the "get good" comments. So now we have a split community of people who spew the get good nonsense and those of us who want them to make the game fun again ala launch. This is not a competitive shooter nor are there leaderboards...Make the game fun and give me more things that i can blast hoards of enemies with and not feel like forrest gump in higher difficulties...This is a hoard shooter right?   I see more weapon diversity now which is good but there are still more weapons that feel like im shooting nerf bullets. I feel those should have been brought up to make them more effective instead of nerfing the ones that were working.
Exactly my EXperience on Helldive...
Jesus! I’m not complaining but having the old AP on the railgun back would be nice now. I get it they want team play but this an absurd amount of bile titans and probably just getting chased around by chargers . We just don’t have enough equipment for heavy armored enemies that’s relabel now. Imo the robot is somewhat easier because the autocannon is relabel but without the shield pack you’re just dying by rockets.
I really don’t like this video. I always thought this was a horde shooter with objectives. Kinda like Payday. But you treated this like cod:zombies running around waiting for people to open doors for you.
SNP incendiary....your first mistake, reg SNP better
it not fun anymore its more of a chore now to play
Yeah can we just do a hard roll back please? The game is still new, just bringing us back to the pre nerf state would be significantly better
You hit the issues right on the head! Agree 100% this game is broken atm.
not gunna lie 8 bio titants are completely handleable with the right gear. mechs can kill a bio in 4 well placed missles. meaning if you had a javalin and an exo, you could have possibly killed all 8 of these bio titans
It's partly true that some things in the game need to be touched a lot, but going back to what it was before I don't think is the right thing to do. I love the railgun, but after almost several days playing the same meta, I was getting bored of the game, having 1 weapon that is always the best of all I don't feel like it helps. Rather it would only create boredom. As for everything else, you need to modify the respawn of enemies at high levels, yes, but just lower it a little because if it becomes something so everyday, boredom would be faster. Obvious is to create a difficulty that can be solved, not something that is impossible. I just hope the game doesn't turn into fights between the players and the creators, we have something that has a lot of potential. If people can't understand that this is not EA or Ubisoft, it's giving the company patience. Because I think that so far they have listened to our opinions of the game. I've heard that several are already saying that the game is going to go into the bin, and we have to avoid that.
I find if one of you rock an arcthrower and open up the bile titan, you can kill it with a rocket from the side also if you shoot it's belly with a scorcher or breaker, it is way less effctive against yall since it can't spew anymore. But that spawn rate is crazy af. Also the endless hunter swarm is annoying as hell too with their head critcals
and this is on top of the bugs and crashes i'm curious why there's so many dislikes, people (or Ai/ bots) are down voting other channels who criticise the game too
I just do not know at this point. The devs may have some master plan, although it feels like so many pieces of the game just do not seem to fit in together, when looking at how spawns/patrols/AI is handled. I get HD2 is suppose to be hard at higher levels; there is difficulty for the sake of it and then there is just taking the piss out of a fair bit of your player base. I feel the last two balance passes have leaned more towards the latter.
I was so confused why they gave you 40min when I first started that mission. I’m not confused anymore
It's all well and good to critique the game where needed... but you guys weren't even playing the mission correctly.
This reminds me of the Automaton defend missions that were WAY harder than regular missions. It seems to be the same, just spam stuff at you. That being said, even regular missions feel weird too.thanks for the video and analysis!
L2P issue
people are saying its a team work issue as you activate silos they spawn, which is 100% true..  except in most of this video the silos arent' even started yet.
You can 2 shot bile titans and 1 shot chargers, stop complaining jeezus. Are the higher difficulties crazy? Yes they should be.
The game is balanced, you literally said yourself that you don't know what the objective is. You're literally just like "how come I can't spam guns guns guns mindlessly with no  thought or strategy and still win?"  You're the one coping, another toxic youtuber crying like a baby because "I shoot gun, still lose, game too hard >:("
It’s honestly crazy that IMO they had the right balance on day 1 and are just making it worse each time now
The bile titans aren't NEARLY as bad as the hunters in level 9. 20 bile titans is easy, 20,000 hunters is just pain. I really wish hunters were super reduced spawnrate.
Did a lvl 5 eradicate mission solo yesterday and had over 10 hulks spawn in less then 5 minutes.
And we got all these people going, "Skill Issue Brah, there's tons of people running Helldiver difficulty solo with no problems, it's called git gud scrub."Sure, no one likes a game so easy you can just breeze through it, but not every game has to have Souls-like level of difficulty, especially if it's meant to be a casual kind of game.   After running like 2 or 4 stressful level 7-9 missions, I go de-stress myself by running lvl 3 missions with an MG/Salwart+Supply Pack and just brainlessly pretend I'm a MG42 Machinegunner during D-Day Normandy.  Yes, I know it's supposed to be hard on higher levels, but most of the times you're playing with Randos and everyone has their own skill levels and play styles. Some players are good at dealing with trash mobs and some people are really good at taking down heavies.
Mega fans will keep sucking off devs until the game shuts down. I've seen this happen with Overwatch, Firefall, WildStar, Saints Woke, Last of Us 2, etc. You nerds think your helping the devs by blindly circle jerking their bad decisions only for the company to lose its player base and shutdown.  STOP Blindly ciricle jerking bad game design, you will not save any company by trying to cover there bad decisions you will only gaslight then into losing half their customers.
Wanna know something funny? The Mechs have a Stratagem launch slot modeled for them, they just decided not to put that into the game for use. Also since they will probably never put it in, they have modeled and fitted Flamethrower arms aswell.
Mission is to get the machine turned on like 3 buttons to press and couple twice . Do this and its finished
I think *JOEL* was interested in your run and decided to put his hands on it... You were so unlucky.
The hellpod bugs that don't let you direct it is so annoying
Easy I've done this mission 5 times now rocket pods expendable rockets cannon turret and a lmg
Looks like what happened with Back4Blood. Ridiculous overpowered enemies that spawn endlessly. B4B broke my heart with how cheap it felt and how everyone had to play 100% optimally in order to succeed. 100% optimal isn’t fun.  I guess you just need to play at a lower difficulty.
"We have toned down the number of heavy enemies that spawn in higher difficulties
im so glad someone else noticed the drop pod REFUSING to steer where you want sometimes
All i see is you killing bile titans with ease and your teammates pressing the damn button over and over again before clearing the initial wave, so whats the point?
I mean it was crazy, but what do you want, you weren't sure what you were doing, I bet you and four friends could do it with some practice, you are meant to fail, then enjoy the sweet victory when it comes
Ah yes, playing 8-9 with randos and absolutely no communication. Idk what are you expecting from the "sewer slide" and above difficulties? Like a walk at park?
I don't really think game balance is nearly as much of an issue in this video so much as the spawn rates on this mission type. Which it's probably intentional that they're higher given the fact that this is a weekly order requirement, it's just overwhelming on higher difficulties.
I didn't face this problem... except on this type of mission. It's hard to survive let alone actually keep them away. It took me 30 minute to do these simple defend mission because my team keep failing loads of enemies keep canceling 3rd silo.
WAAAAHHHH TOO MANY BILE TITANS WAHHHHHH, youre playing a high difficulty and expect it to be easy lmfao
The problem is not blindly defending the devs. While I agree that this seemed a bit much, the problem is that you are feeling entitled to win every time on the top tier difficulties. Yes, those should be hard enough to give the top 5% of gamers a challenge. Readjust your expectations and check your ego and you’ll have much more fun.
Yo are you hacking the game how many 500k bombs did you call? I truly want to know this glitch tbh
If you can't handle it, don't play on a high difficulty. They shouldn't be forced to dumb it down because people can't handle the highest / second highest difficulty settings. Check your damned ego and accept the fact you can't handle it. There's no shame in that. It's why different difficulty levels exist in the first place. Play on a lower setting you can handle and enjoy the game.
I had 6 of them coming at me at one point on this mission now lol
My experience is completely the opposite, I've done this mission on difficulties 5, 7 and 9 and none of them had this amount  of armored enemies spawning in, I had billions of bile spewers instead, very few chargers and titans
Not gonna lie, my titan kill count is going extremely high, since I've embraced 2x500, EAT and Big Shield. Adt I like it!
I entered into a Diff 7 Termicide not knowing what to expect, and it was frankly one of the worst experiences I've ever had in gaming. Just an endless deluge of enemies swarming a gigantic defense target that has the hp of a cardboard box, multiple Chargers and BTs on the field at any given time, and apparently said gigantic defense target is extremely susceptible to friendly fire. In a horde shooter all about big explosions going into big swarms of enemies. With certain enemies like BTs literally requiring big explosions to hurt. Oh and of course there's a 50% increase in strategem cooldowns.  Combined with the poor weapon balance changes, the stealth increase in spawn rates across the board, omniscient patrols and rediculously unfair patrol spawns in close range, out of touch and sometimes downright antagonistic statements from developers, and a torn playerbase with a significant portion being toxically positive, I feel like the game has reached a terminal level of not fun that it's just not gonna recover from to me.  Gods, all they had to do was buff some guns and the game was set for the long haul. How did it turn out like this? I don't even feel like I got my 40 bucks worth since I started like a week before the Railgun patch since I was waiting out the server issues.
Im not here to crap on you, but it looked more like a lack of understanding of how the mission worked on all parties. Every time you push a button it causes a breach. I thought you guys played very well but with the lack of understanding of the mechanic there was no hope of surviving regardless of how well you were dealing with the enemies. It looked like your team was just running around pushing buttons as you were trying to support them as much as possible. Also I would like to note there have been some inconsistencies with the 500kg as of late. yesterday I stuck a hulk in the face with it and he shrugged it off like it was nothing looking like a super terminator walking though a cool explosion.
sounds like a skills issue
I killed about 8 Bile Titans in my last match on Helldive using EATS. We failed the mission, there were just way too many enemies spawning and Silo bar kept resetting.
To many cooks spoil the broth
I see no issue.. if you want it to be easier than choose an easier difficulty. Harder difficulties are meant to be uhhh HARD. If you dont wanna sweat then play on level 5 or even 6
As I say constantly in our team chat, "This a perfect game with no bugs!"
People are fucking cry babies , its crazy, its called fucking "suicide" at level 7, what do they think it means, this game isn't supposed to be easy but they could definitely tweak some stuff lol
Ah yes, Toxic positivity and cope being thrown around when you obviously didnt understand the mechanics of the mission. Is it overtuned? Maybe, but you clearly weren't playing the objective and that shows
glad to see high difficulties are still sufficiently difficult
I dislike videos like this because you are creating a problem where there isnt one for content. I am not sure why you would play at high difficulty if you didnt want to encounter resistance. Why would you expect to succeed at that difficulty with no communication when thats exactly what the game says that difficulty requires? Lower the difficulty if you are gonna be this mad about the experience.
Well… you are playing on difficulty 8. Sounds fun. It’s mostly your teammates fault for constantly pressing the silo button which spawns a breach every time.
Lvl 8 - Impossible - Doesn't seem like false advertising but you definitely gave the odds a good fight   Astounding levels of Bile Titans triggered perhaps by per button press on the silo console?  We ran into 3 Bile Titans per button press on Difficulty 6 - Extreme while doing the TCS mission. So I wonder if its only for TCS missions. Anyone encounter 12 Bile titans and up on the regular 40 minute mission set up from Difficulty 7 and up? On Difficulty 6 Extreme, they come up very sparingly from the last 6 Operations my buddies and I have done.
Whythey will not do more consistent "Operations", like destroying eggs in previous mission will reduce spawn of mobs in next ones (Ofc they will need to create 3 diffrent egg missions [Small 1-3, Medium 4-6 & Heavy 7-10]. Theny player will decide what they want to do. Spawn rates of heavy units now is ridiculously high.
i didnt had that much titans on 9 diff but i had alot of elite splitters and chargers. seems like they dont nerf early spawnrate on this mission and futhermore it spawns more chargers and titans. Maybe your team just pressing button to activate it spawns 2 breaches.
How many times were you guys activating the silos without clearing the enemies you have? Gotta clear your plate before adding seconds.
yeah i've been wanting to get on the game less and less, why? Not because i'm "tired" of the game, purely because the game was already a fun challenge (never went higher than 7) and now I feel like I'm being punished for being a player of the game.
devs pls look into 500kg T_T should it have a targetting like the obrital rc but only for the really big enemies? or what everyone already thinks, give it an actual radius. or or bile titan should take actual dmg from their legs so it can get blown off and kill them. i like how the titans are, and i like the numerous amounts of heavies, but just give us the means to handle them. everyone bringing eats/recoiless and orbital rc is the same as everyone running rg and shield pack.
Turns out the game was fun on release by accident and they are now patching the fun away...
Termicide missions spawn enemies every time you activate a battery. So if you fail and re activate more enemies will spawn. I assure you these spawns don’t usually occur in other missions
Activate 1 silo, clear everything till its uploaded completely. Remove all the remaining bugs, regroup and set up with turrets at the next silo before activating it. We did 3 of theses missions on lvl 8 with 2 of us are level 35-40 and 2 where 12-19. Just take time and organize, its not that hard to do and we had like 4-6 titans in the matches..
No game has ever made me feel like I'm in the legit chaos of a warzone like Helldivers 2 does.
I was scared they made it too easy with the update. Gladly it is not. Also the spawn rates might be like that because of main mission on the planet. I don't know
Everything can be killed with an arc thrower; infinite ammo and great crowd control.
Thats why Im having a blast pretending Im solid Snake on Malevelon  creek solo on dificulty 7 all full stealthy.
I think all the weapons in the game need at least 1-2 more reloads; right now it feels like I'm constantly starving between supply drops and running out of ammo just isn't fun.  Also that shit where the game doesn't let you pilot your drop pod is extremely frustrating because there are some times where dropping into a bile titan is the only way to kill it.
they just fucked up the game, i really hope they go back to the previous version, it was easier and funnier
Nah, it's perfect. If you want to play on the hardest difficulty, you are going to get rolled or barely make it out. Most people are not playing the hardest difficulty, why? Because it's hard.
its not too hard or "unbalanced". your just too weak
Railcannon meta was better
Yes we do expect them to play at sweaty esports level when they look at a difficulty called "IMPOSSIBLE" and then select decide to select the one above that. Other people are completing and enjoying these higher difficulties. There's 9 to choose from, just lower it. You're right it's not a skill issue, it's an ego issue.
nope i agree, this latest update makes the game worse. Played a lvl 5 exteminate yesterday (Im lvl 47) with 3 ppl, one of whom was 50 and we were owned, felt like difficulty 9
If this is the kind of stuff they expect us to deal with, we need better upgrades for our ship so our orbitals and eagles are up more frequently.  I mean, hell, I'd take an upgrade that is like: -2.5% or 3% cooldown on all stratagems per difficulty level; like the crew KNOWS it's hell down there so they're working even harder to support you. That would at least help give us a fighting chance.
Thx 4 this Exemple!!!
not knowing what to do ... does not make this worse ... it just communicates that you have not read anything about that mission
This channel is just here to farm outrage. There are bugs in the game. It's new. They will be fixed. You need to stop overreacting. I don't even know what you're whining about here. You are on LEVEL 8. You wanted a challenge, clearly, and you got one.
Lmao "toxic positivity," nice, just dismiss all discussion by dropping this goofy buzzword after demonstrating you don't know how this mission type works.  If there was any attempt to rally the team and get done organization going, it didn't show in the video. Judy looked like a bunch of solo players playing solo in the same game.
To be honest this is what I expected from the higher difficulty’s. I want excruciating and frustrating, is this perfect? Probably not… that seemed like a TON of titans, but I love the fact that it was beyond the “hard”difficulty. It’s actually a bug zone and feels like it
So being devils advocate here, but uhh YOU HAD FUCKIN FUN THO RIGHT!!!?? That looked amazing to play
The devs have defo lost their minds   Level 9 difficulty is basically suicide and the whole team starts leaving one by one
Nahhh get gud 😂 this has been happening to me and i still get it done                              Get mad if you want don't care😮🎉
You didn't understand the mission type, had a bad experience, and then ranted about the update. Did you play it again? Your team handled everything up until you were well into the mission time, and you were triggering silos to compound the issue. It's a mobile defense mission trying bringing at least 4 mortars  2 on opposite sides of the silo for the chaff. Post up on the rocks to avoid  friendly fire. Kite the big stuff "chargers and titans" away from the silos to deal with them separately. Yes 7-9 difficulties, the ones beyond the difficulty titled "IMPOSSIBLE", should require a good understanding of the mission type and a squad that is competent and prepared.  Boot up the mission in a lower difficulty first so you understand it. Don't just jump in on level 8 expecting your first team setup to "work".
its kinda boring being bile titan spammed ngl
Plays difficult setting, surprised when game is hard.
Theory - Joel has been angered by people leaking the games audio files, now we all must suffer for Democracy!
The mindless railgun + shield loadout combined with the armors having no signifcant value wasnt a great start. however the dashed out content seems buggy. the bug breach after bug breach with no cooldown in between seems so dumb. ngl.
Level 9 and 8 shouldnt be easy
on higher difficulties, all team members must bring orbital laser, railcannon and 500kg with whateverr support weapon you like.  Its the only way to complete high difficulties.  Two arc throwers and a recoiless makes it pretty easy.
Been loving your vids so far. This one however has a very bad premise. You're complaining about your FIRST TIME playing a mission and don't address how the mechanics work even in post. Makes it seem like you didn't investigate further and posted this immediately. Why? Your team did everything right with the first 2 silos, then kept activating the final one without clearing the rest. Simple as that.   Why are you basing your claims of updates destroying the game on this one experience of a special mission? Have you not played anything but this one mission? If you have, why did you not talk about anything but this one mission when relating to the update as a whole? Either your logic is incredibly flawed or you're intentionally misrepresenting the game.
skill issue clearly
I think they did great with the update. More small fries to splatter. I like the balance with the elites, its challenging but pushes the line of overwelming. It feels like the starship troopers where the outpost gets overwhelmed by bugs. Its great!!!!
you ever see the bar just get chunked out? its your explosives! explosives deal friendly fire damage to the silo!
great choice of music for the video, one of the total annihilation combat tracks
You're playing the missions wrong and these are the equivalent of automaton defense campaigns we've had in the past.  The spawn rates here are *not* representative of the new spawn rates on all other mission types.
Alot of Arrowhead employees mad in the comments. Maybe instead of writing youtube comments defending bad game design they should swallow their ego and revert bad patches. Easy fix.
NOT blowing smoke up yet skirt, but Bile Titans have like a clean 50% vulnerable area. Yet EVERYONE and their others drop bombs and missiles on their damned ARMOR!!  2 SMG clips WILL down a BT.  So get underneath the damned thing a kill it RIGHT!
I call that a full on war.
that mission did deserve a SOS beacon lol
I ran this solo on helldive difficulty and ran it the stealth way with a light scout class and it wasn’t that bad. Granted, it took forever crouching walking to all the silos but when the bug breaches occurred they just followed me instead of attacking the silos🤷🏻‍♂️ that said I couldnt extract without being annihilated by spewers and bile titans but I got the mission done for super earth at least😅
The minuscule amount of health sentries have is just silly
The game has voice chat. You could've just asked what to do. Because 2 of you weren't defending the objective, the silo got unstable and had to be restarted over and over and by that spawned more and more enemies. You can't really complain if you are the cause for this mess.
To be honest, I don't really see the problem here. You managed fine with your team. On this difficulty, a decent amount of chaos and being overwhelmed should be part of it. It should never be that you are able to smoothly sail through the second highest difficulty, just cause you have the best stratagems and weapons. Is it perfect? No. But, I'd rather have too many elites, than not enough. Just play on a lower difficulty if you don't like the enemy amount. I really don't see the problem. And that clickbait title - common dude, you're better than that.
I crash every half a mission now instead of once every 2 campaigns...
I guess when they said focus on completing the mission instead of trying to kill everything is an understatement yet takes all the fun outta the game 🤣
at this point. I really do not care if the studio is doing good or bad. I now want them to double down on this. LET IT BURN!!!
Hear me out. The over spawning glitch isnt a glitch. Itd intentional and the devs are malicious. They proved it with literal devs trolling people who were giving valid complaints. And that "we're educating our devs" was code for we're telli g them not to voice our actual opinions out loud. Let this game die
Again you moan about difficulty. Why? Game too hard for you so go play on lower difficulty. Another pathetic video. Do missions instead of counting how many mobs you killed. It is not an e-sport game it has no pvp game mode. This games does not need to be perfectly balanced. Your whole channel is focused of making shit tier moans about state of NEW game. I hope you will earn nothing from this video.
The mech draws more breaches on this map, when we loaded up with no mechs we only fought 8 total in Helldive
"Got prepared for anything" Drops into mission not knowing anything about it, choosing random ass stratagems, joined in with randoms My man this is YOU problem
Looks fun, I don't get what's the issue with difficulty? Play on 6 or 7. Leave 8 and 9 to well coordinated teams with balanced stratagems, discord and team reload. Why do you want to make game boring to hardcore players? Why do you expect to complete mission on hard difficulty first time with randoms without even knowing what's your objective?
This is your first time playing this mission so you don’t know any strategy
They are evolving
I did a Helldive - 9 difficulty yesterday for the terminid control mission and I kid you not, we had 6 BILE Titans Up at once.
Yeah dude, my friends and I who are all near max level haven't been able to do shit on these missions.
So I actually enjoyed watching this, exciting mission. And the extreme difficulty of these higher missions is actually something I like. It can be extremely frustrating but it’s something I enjoy. The gameplay becomes very frantic and a constant panic and fighting almost seems meaningless and you should just give up. But somehow in the end you emerge in victory, even if just barely and there are swarms of bugs around the evac ship. In the end I feel these higher difficulties, especially 8 and 9, should feel absolutely hopeless for the squad.
So in reality the game doesn't sucks, it's "get gud"  Play the mission as it should be played. Why are you running around trying to kill EVERYTHING?? I played difficult lvl 9 along with random players and we were able to finish the mission, yes there's a lot of bug, yes there's a few bile but we finish the mission because we didn't run around trying to make sure we kill everything until we hear only cricket to do the mission. . .difficulty 9 is not meant to be played like difficulty lvl 1 . . .
You didn’t even get to extraction which has 6-8 spawn at once 🤣🤣🤣. Obviously a skill issue yknow.
I think the issue is that they don’t expect you to win every game, especially in that difficulty. Some are sweaty AF some are easier, you never know the hand you were dealt. You make it seem like it’s every single missing like this instead of one of them happened to be. I play on same difficulty and sometimes it’s beyond the ability of my team to handle, sometimes it’s by the skin of our teeth, I know it’s not pvp but you don’t expect to always win those matches a 100%.
I mean the host kept pressing the button without clearing the waves Every time you press the button new waves spawn, with of course, new bile titans. You can see it in the video itself, every time he attempted to start the silo again, titans "4, 5 6 and 7" or something like that would show up. Obviously it could still use some work, but it's not so bad as you make it seem by the end of the video, it is literally none of you knowing what you were doing. I would imagine a suicide mission would be just that... tantamount to suicide.
The termicide missions aren't representative of spawn rates of other missions. They are concentrated spawns when you press the button. You are supposed to prepare, call extra ammo and weapons, etc. You have tons of extra time. You should be mad at the guy who pressed the next button while you still had tons of bugs up, not the spawn rate. The fact that you made it as far as you did without prep and with insufficient AT shows that heavies are not a huge problem. Yeah you got a ton of them, and guess what? You were annihilating them. If you'd had a break like you were supposed to, you'd have had this mission.
bro I am not going to go full "toxic positivity" as you are saying but also you are going way to hard on doomer mode for this.  Is there a problem with the spawns? yes, will they be fixed? also yes.  but there are some non sweaty E-sports level arguments against what was done in this mission for dealing with all the heavies. the first one that comes to mind is not using the 500kg bomb as it seems to need some work and is extremely unreliable, the 110mm rocket strike is better at the moment for dealing with the super heavy enemies. another thing is taking the autocannon sentry (I wish the rocket sentry was better against heavy armor but its just worse than the autocannon one).  I will say though that the recoiless rifle was a good call, I do think someone with a flamethrower would have been quite useful for this mission though as well as the arc thrower. also people need to stop sleeping on the precision orbital strike its the most reliable thing in the game and is capable of giving you a faster response to deal with titans and chargers.  the new update came out just days ago and they have been updating the game frequently as well as fixing plenty of problems along the way that you seem to forget about such as the servers which took up the entirety of their focus for nearly the first month.  also this is a small studio, just because sony published and marketed the game for them doesn't mean they have a massive team capable of crunching down thousands of man hours worth of work over the course of a week.
what they should do is make difficulties 1-8 playable and have difficulty 9 be a meme difficulty that's as difficult as this hell.
My group has 0 issues like these. Most of the time we crush everything with ease and no issues like this. We do get lots of bile titens though nothing like this. This is before the most recent patch. I hate the 500kg bomb, it feels useless. Use the orbital rail cannon strike. Its a one shot if you aim it at the bile titens head. How to aim? Make sure the bile titan is facing towards the middle of the map where your ship is floating. Everyone who has 1 can kill a bile titan every few minutes. If unlucky then you will need a bit more damage to take it down. A recouless rifle usually finishes the job. I tend to use a well placed mech drop to kill a titan if its getting rough. The mechs can help to easily drop chargers. A single rocket before the head shot changes then a bit of amo towards the legs will drop them in seconds. I usually take heavy armor and a lazer backpack. The rover is amazing ad killing the small mobs and dealing with hunters. As a primary there are a few choices to make depending on the roles of the group. I found the scyth to be honestly be not that bad. However it has no push back and will leave you vulnerable to hunters in times of crisis. It is a bit rough that that you kinda have to run this sort of meta strat though. The 500kg bomb needs a major buff in aoe and damage. The lazer is ok and has its uses however i find it to be a little scary when the mobs are fucking melee so the lazer is also chasing you. Not great feeling to turn around to see your teamate being chased by a hunter and a beam of death. Btw the electric tower is fucking glorious change my mind. If its killing you or your teamates then I recomend not using it or going to lower dofficulties to practice so you can understand the distance at which it strikes and chains. Plus you can get really cozy with it if you are crawling. Not great to hide under when a charger is sprinting right at you though :D cant run cant hide guess ill die lol.
it's diff: 8 - that pretty normal that it is hard. But then again i think this mission type is harder then the others, or at least we  have not figured out a solid way to deal with it yet.
From all the other comments it does sound like a communication and a skill issue. I do think it needs some adjusting
its literally impossible at 7,8,9. Like maybe 7 is doable but  honestly that takes 4 meta slaves.
Mate just admit you don't know how to properly play hard missions
Wait. I know this voice. There's no way. Systematic...
So recoil less and e a t's for everybody mandatory
Doesn’t apply to this specific mission
Tbh if this is the stream of enemies on helldive, then in a masochistic manner o am okay with it, but for diff 7 nah this ain't it fam
The Mission is just so poorly desinged. I played in once on difficulty 4 and knew, on higher difficutly, this is going to be an atrocius. Never played that mission again. Also you can´t just press R on the Galaxy table, because  50% auf Mission played on the bug side is this garbage.
bro played one bad game and decided to make a whole video around it
I dont believe this is intentional. At least I hope it isnt, especially right after they patched the spawn rates of heavies down.
Wanted to farm Super samples because I already unlocked everything with normals and rares. So on lvl 7 we finished the map and ran to the extract only to be greeted with an assault of around 40 berzerkers,4 hulks and 2 tanks as well as more trash ads, we stood there fighting for our lives for 10 TEN minutes in an infinite reinforcement loop until we used all our reinforces..  I have no idea how you are supposed to get super samples with these new changes. Let alone 60 or whatever the number is to max every ship part.  I guess you now have to decide if you go for xp and clear the map or just do main objectives, grap super samples and sneak to the extract As a late joiner I didnt experience the "railgun meta" but right now even lvl 7 is no fun. I cant imagine people wanting to play even higher than that. Just go to a dominatrix for cock and ball torture then.
It literally was a skill issue.  Every pump activation signals a spawn. If you are getting overwhelmed, for gods sake, stop pushing the button.  Clear all breaches...cool down and set up before starting a pump.    Not all missions are created equal and in that mission, the players control the frequency of breaches.  It's a new mission, everyone has to chill and asses the mission first.  As for me,  I went down from Helldive level to learn the mission and what affects what.  Now I'm working my way back up the numbers on that mission to get good.  I now know what works and what harms this mission.
Anyone else geeting some more Chrashes/Getting kicked straight back to Orbit? I had this 4 Tumes now
Hey ermz, i like your videos but i feel like this isnt a good example. Your team ignored the objective and kept running around. Of course the game will keep endlessly spawning enemies in that case. I am level 38 and I complete level 8 missions with randoms all the time by staying objective oriented.
Mate, you really posted a 13 minute video about how you don't communicate and don't understand the new mission type... Ok!
"The cope is endless, and the evidence is right before your very eyes, you just need to open them"  I love you
im gonna try n be balanced here  yes the hordes of titans are bad there is no doubt about that  but you still do have a skill issue here, mostly stemming from your group being a pug ofc but there are some things you yourself couldve done better.  that aside what i wanna really focus on is the question about sweaty gameplay and expectations.  YES the last 2 difficulties SHOULD be sweaty af and you SHOULD be expected  to not make any mistakes and play 95% perfectly.  suicide mission, helldive   these are names that should instill panic in most players including myself. you dont want that go ahead and play the 7 difficulties below that, there are enough options.
I honestly am starting to wonder if they have a plant that’s intentionally sabotaging their game for being such an anti-corporate industry success.
20 ..... Haha 😂 no 🤣
I lost diff 7 with randoms. The bugs just spawn at insane rate.
They really need to do something about the recoilless. Sacrificing your special weapon AND backpack slot for such a slow firing, low ammo capacity weapon is just painful to even watch.
If you want to say something about the spawning of biletitans sure but this video strawmans the fuck out of it. You go on a mission you dont know you have no clue what to do and bring strategems that dont help you. It seems like your team also doesn't have stratagems that suit this mission. Then you complain about the ammo economy of the recoilless rifle but you waste every rocket by headshotting the biletitan once knowing it wont kill him and then instead of shooting him in the head again for the kill you throw a 500kg so you wasted the rocket and the 500kg to kill it. this doesn't happen once you do this for almost every titan in the video. I say this not to kiss ass i say this because i love the new mission. When i started it i ran into a brickwall and had to figure out with my friends what stratagems to bring and what strategies to use. If you want to just run around like a headless chicken shooting everything that moves like all the other mission just go to a lower difficulty. Nobody is forcing you to play the higher ones. But this endless crying is ruining the game for the people that do enjoy the more strategic gameplay. Just look at chargers they have been turned into trash mobs now and dont form any threat to the point that the next target of your crying and complaining is the hunter.
"I have no idea what the premise of this mission type is" well I think we found your problem 😂
I swear this is what happened to me before the update but with chargers. Before you know it you just had a 10 min battle and haven’t even started the objective. I just want my pre patch Railgun back .
I see a lot of elitists here who are crying skill issue when it's not reasonable to spawn 3 waves of 2 BTs each on D8. Note that this creator is extremely high level, and his shots are very well-placed save for some few mistakes that's bound to happen with how many enemies spawn.  The game is not "hectic, fun, and challenging". It's tedious. Note that there are THREE REACTORS. Before the countdown finishes, atleast 3 breaches can happen, each spawning atleast 2 BTs. Then there's the clock, and also the cooldown of strats, and how just shitty the 500kg is. It's explosive, so why the fuck does most of its damage compressed into the shell? The explosion's damage is absolutely horrendous. if the drop timing wasn't also so wild at times and it's ALWAYS constant, then sure, you can get away with compressing 80% of its damage into the shell. But it's not.  So while the number of BTs spawning in this mission is mostly due to this team's inexperience WITH THE STAGE and in turn lacked coordination, saying it's justified to spawn enemies and having to WAIT for CDs before you can press the other one lest suffer losses is just bad.  If you're also going to say that part of the gameplay is you requiring to die to finish a mission, that's just BS and doesn't feel good. Of course, if it's the devs vision of the game where you absolutely need to die atleast ONCE to finish a mission, ok. But no.  Also, it's absolutely annoying how you can't enjoy the most challenging parts of the game because there's no party scaling. I'm not sure why there's just no option to scale the # of enemies in proportion to the # of people. It can even be dynamic FFS.
You should run all 3 Silo at the same time so it draw aggros to all of them and split the potential damage see your mistake was doing objective 1 by 1 and it way easier to complete this mission by doing it 3 silo at the same time. ↑→↓↓↓ :D
Using your first time going into a mission type blind, not understanding the goal of the objective as your example as to how the game is in a "terrible" state is actually "toxic". No one is expecting you to play at e sports level as you put it. But they are expecting you to at least know what to do in a mission.. the game is in a fine state and people are already wanting it back to the "good ol days at launch" when barely anything has changed.. a few tweaks to some stuff but none of the patches have been gamechanging. As many others stated, pressing the button triggers the waves. You didn't know that, so of course you think there's way too much happening. But also, why try a new mission type at 8 with randoms if you dont know what youre doing in that mission? Test it at lower difficulty or try it a few times at thst difficulty to learn it and then make a video about it. This was a poor product for a poorly thought out argument that the game is in a "terrible" state.
It's the mission type. When you fail to defend the silo and reactivate it, it spawns more breaches. If you fail to defend it your best bet is to clear out the mobs before you reactivate. The new mission is not affected by the new spawn rates. Regular missions are very easy now, while the new one is a massacre
Definitely still needs a tweak, overall I think the state of the game is doing alright but there has to be a hard cap on titans and chargers over a set period of time, say 5 per 2 minutes or something, obv not exact numbers but idk what would be a reasonable amount over time without a lot of testing
Man I can't wait to see the higher difficulties, think I saw the first game had 15 tiers
I love when shot is crazy like this. If you want some real rage inducing adrenaline here it is, love it
The titans and chargers along with the hunters are spawning the same way on difficulty 7. Something is definitely broken. Also, I'm glad it's not just me that isn't able to control the drop pods when you respawn. My teammates were getting mad when they'd throw me in the direction of a titan and I couldn't steer at all so I'd miss them. I had to take a video of me trying to and it not moving whatsoever to prove it to them. And you know how I know they've borked the spawn rates? We haven't even finished one of the planets for the major order when usually we have the major order completed within 24 hours of it coming out. Oh, and don't reactivate the panel on the silos when it goes down while there's still mobs up. It seems to be respawning new breaches every time you hit the panel, so you get overrun like this even faster. Even with the ship module upgrade, sentries have way too little health, getting one shot by chargers/titans, and if more than 2 hunters hit one, it's gone in seconds too. They need more health to be useful. People saying the game is easy now just baffle me. We're getting double the spawns we were before the update, at the very least.
Damn what macro program are y'all using for strategems? I have a movement disorder and fumble them like crazy.
lmao i felt like they fucked up somthing again but NGL i enjoy this update they nerfed the charger so more elites apear XD so its not a problem for me i thouth it would be too easy with lower elite spawns so am fully for this
This "balance" changes make the game better to watch 🤣👍💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥
its difficulty level 8, 2nd hardest difficulty, obviously you gonna meet more chargers and titan, what are you expecting? walk in a park? we have new mechs + buff on rockets (including the ones at mech) + nerf on chargers, what more do you want?? just get good bruh
I really just fucking hate other players like dropping us in red wtf is this crap don’t people get that the red is bad
Expect more of this. The studio became multimillionaires overnight and they are incompetent. They cant articulate why certain things are good or bad. Seen this same situation with every aingle live service game. Nothing new.
weird, me and my friends were able to do this without trying hard at all ... when i heard you say you haven't played the mission before nor had any idea what you were doing ...  i knew this was going to be productive X,D
Get good ;D
i agree with you that it's too many titans, but with a proper tactic and a few mechs you can eliminate this mission. The last tower you were defending is the hardes one, since the mob's spawns are right next to it, so we regularly take this tower first.   We do two mechs right next to the hill one mech on the other side of terminal and a player from another spawn. Also with the right aim you can kill bile titans with 1-2 mech rockets. Each plaer takes the laser dog with him, so in case you're out of mech it will take care of a little enemies, which it cares pretty well and leaves you the focus on the hardes ones.  Moreover with the right equip and actions you can deal with this mission.   But again in order to ballance it for a major community part, they might need to reduce the bile titans number.   P.S. You could destroy charger's leg with one rocket and aim with hmg to eliminate them to safe more ammunition for bile titans.
Imagine choose a defensive Mission, 15min, 450kills to do ...should be Easy right?  And then, 8 bile titans all togheter from 4 holes in the same fucking Moment :)
bro dont make this kind of vid, those corpo d.riders who always get carried will defend the devs until their last breath (they wont get hired by arrowhead btw)
Your tactics and skill were fine. Your mistake was not understanding and prioritizing the objective. At 7-9 enemies are designed to be relentless to force you to focus on objectives. If you go into a mission not knowing what you're supposed to do, of course you're going to struggle. Additionally, activating the silos triggers a bug breach, so every time they take the silo down (or your allies do with friendly fire) then you have to push the button again...causing another bug breach and more bile titans to spawn. Basically, you only fought so many Titans because you didn't understand and focus the objective in the first place. You fought 21 Bile Titans, but had you focused the objectives and completing the mission from the start, you might have only ever fought 10-15 which you clearly were capable of handling.  It's not a skill issue. It's an issue of basic understanding of what an "objective" is. All you did was go in and blast bugs mindlessly, which does absolutely nothing at 7-9 because enemies (particularly in this mission) never stop spawning. Don't project your fault onto the community by saying they are too harsh nor should you project your fault onto the developers for making the game too hard. Focus and understand the objective. Do that and you'll find the missions are far easier than you make them out to be in this video.
Maybe dont rush the silos in the first 10 minutes of the game even when the map isn't cleared of previous titans yet and you wouldn't have to deal with this. Idk just sayin..
Ran a helldive and we got 6 bile titans on screen after already taking out 3.
nah man that was way worse before now u are just crying.  i agree that it can be better but i play only on lvl 9 and nothing els, u get way more titans and the fact now that there is less chargers is so much better. yes its hard but do able now.
Yeah that was not at all balanced, however, it looked amazingly fun to play. I wish my games had that much action and panic, I would not even mind losing just to have Bile Titan number 20 running after my white ass while I try to remember the strategem combination for my shield pack so that I could try stick it in its head.
You'd think this would be something you'd find on tier 9. So something tells me this both the silo's fault and also slightly unintended. Though what the heck were you doing learning a new mission type on a high difficulty?
Oh no the hard difficulty is hard!
This tower mission on extreme is possible if you have a team that isn't stupid but impossible otherwise a bit too much it seems
Yeah, in higher difficulty there spawns so much big boys with too much health and armor. I dont know how the ammo is supposed to be enough...
it is so stupid xD
I did one of these on H7 and got 3 total Bile Titans
I hate enemy headshots on helldivers especially from hunters, they just 2 tap you and there is nothing you can do cause they swarm you and jump at you, they need to remove this headshot garbage and make armor more useful.
Just don't play on that difficulty and problem solved, DEVs would be ...hmmmm noone is playing on that difficulty 🤔... probably need to nerf it...or not whatever drive they're boat I guess
Unbalanced broken game with each update making it more unplayable. Lol
I still don't understand the reasoning of nerfing guns to get people to use other guns. It literally makes no sense. You just buff the bad ones so the gameplay doesn't really change. Some of us just like the meta not everyone is doing it cause it's "meta". And this is what pisses me off cause it's some of the communities fault that shit ended up like this with toxic players kicking you cause you aren't running "meta" builds and the devs saw it.
500kg is a bullshit in this game. Devs surely didn't see one explode, i say that as a Ukrainian.
Bro that was insane  I won’t play beyond level 5 because of this
It is actually amazing how before all of these updates I would play this game in 4 hour sessions and have to stop because of time and leave feeling great. Now most times I don't even want to start up the game and even if I do I only play for one mission and turn the game off out of annoyance. Throwing out a balance patch that kneecaps players so hard while game is as broken and inconsistant as it is feels so shitty. Will my 500KG bomb that lodged itslef directly in a chargers carapice kill it? Maybe, maybe not. Will this bile titan die in three shots from my rail gun or 20? Will this bile spewer still kill me despite diving behind cover? It's the most "LOL random" shit in the world; and if thats the kinda of game they want to make then by all means go for it but you can't push the skill issue narrative at the same time.
they need to copy how DRG does it with heavily armored enemies
Me and my friends stopped playing, it's just not fun.
i'm just gonna stick to challenging for the forseable future. thank you very much. XD
If you dont want to play a sweaty match dont play the sweaty difficulty.🤷 There are 9 difficulties. You can play whatever difficulty you want.. complaining about difficulty seems odd.
clickbait
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT3BFzSD6YY
the devs might have been fucking with you guys who knows
MY ISSUE is if they are going to give you that many to deal with they need to make them easier to deal with. same with atomitoms robots if they are going to keep spamming them in by dropships make sure its more of the liitle robots and not hundreds of big ones or dreadnaughts or tanks its ridiculous. and when the devs just say use strategems yeah i will once i waited 15mins for the cooldown to end. Its not like I can use my primary weapon in the meantime because its garbage just like they all are and the one that was useful has been nerfed that the recoil gives me motion sickness - and sometime you can not use your special weapon because maybe you died and someone spawned you in so far away that its almost a side quest just to go back and pick it up, but maybe you have to because ow wait its on cooldown for 5 mins otherwise, But in the mean time your dead because your teammate rather than throw you in a safe location decided to throw you in the heart of the swarm of bugs.   OK STORY TIME OVER - BACK TO MY CUP OF LIB-ER-TEA
skill issue
In this game even after 150 hours so many times I die and think " I couldn't do anything better there". I think it is a very unfair game. Didn't had this feeling in Darktide for exemple.
They have adjusted it this morning..
As many have stated, activating the silo spawns a bug breach which is why the game spirals out of control. People are spamming the buttons every time it fails without cleaning up the previous wave. As for the amount of smaller bugs being spawned now, I feel like running the Guard Dog Rover is the only reliable way to deal with it. While you are dealing with the elites it is taking care of the small bugs. It's funny that they are almost enforcing a meta while trying to break the meta.
this is what i assume a lvl10 mission would be like normally
Lol skill issue
Im playing on difficulty 5 and its sometimes a hard time for me and mates.  Watching your expirience... I do agree that there is a balance issue, and I'm bit worried that we do, slowly, come to a point where the developers are loosing control about balance, not because they dont know, more because they dont have the manpower and company size to support this big players base, issues and expectations coming with this....
So it appears everytime you restart the battery it spawns more bile titans. Hopefully a quick fix. Seems like the spawn limiter isnt working for this mission.
Had the same experience last night. We did hit the bu/on a lot so I'll try again tonight but idk feels like there's way more bt's
The latest update was worse than before.
Here's the thing, this is my honest opinion. You don't NEED to play the highest level difficulty. There are so many difficulties in this game for a reason and that's so everyone that plays has a fun place to be difficulty wise. The people who like to play casually and don't cares for any type of challenge have a difficulty range, the people who like the game to be balanced and have challenges but still have fun goofing around have a difficulty range and the people who love a challenge and are okay with dying over and over again in a meat grinder for it have a challenge range. The highest difficulties are allowed to be torture for the people who are looking for it.
Literally not seeing any issues here. Maybe it's just me... The mission you're playing intentionally spawns enemies at specific times... You're also on an increased difficulty... What am I missing?
12 minutes of not understanding the mechanics of the mission and being surprised it went poorly, why the hell did I watch this
On this mission, I did a tier 6 with a random group, and I counted 12 titans. I was so fuckin' confused. This new mission type is a nightmare even in non-suicide+ difficulties. Especially if the silos keep getting reset.
Patriot exosuits are not enough to deal with these titans, for these we straight up need a JAEGER ...
This looked like so much fun! I love it when games are hard like this. Especially when the difficulty is supposed to be super hard.
So...play in a easy difficult. That´s supposed to be hard.
I have not played this mission nor at this high difficulty, but even I would have assumed that the spawns are triggered by the Tower activation by the halfway point of this engagement.
I dont even know how me and my friend did duos on that mission. We killed at least 8 titans or more on difficulty 7 and there were only 2 of us.
You need tesla arcs bro. Tesla arcs and mechs.
Tried this mission on helldive with a pretty decorated crew that i’ve done a TON of successful helldives with, and there’s no way. I’m damn sick of hearing the cope from just simply flawless players as well. With the old railgun we might have stood a chance but this isn’t even close to balanced.
Play a lower difficulty? i’m not sure why people are making a big deal out of intense alien spawn rates in a game about intense alien battles. the two kind‘ve come in one package and there’s a reason there’s so many different difficulty levels. if you don’t like 20 bile titans then play a lower difficulty. If it was too easy and there was no other option then we’d all fucking complain. is there a piece of the puzzle i’m missing here that’s making this a problem?
Clear the enemies before hitting the silo continuously lmao I figured that out in game one. You made a whole video angry at the devs. Come on brodie lmfao when you start the silo spins, more Bile Titans pop out (seems to happen for you, happened to me) It’s difficult, but that’s good. Difficult is good.
People saying that it's because you don't understand that activating the button causes the spawns are ridiculous for not also keeping in mind that A: This is the first time they've scripted a mission this way. and B: Not only is it a dumb way to script spawns, but they STILL have too much spawn regardless. Trying to extract on Helldive difficulty had us fighting five bile titans on this new mission.
Game needs reset back to initial launch. It doesn’t matter what devs do, they are just sucking the fun clean out of the best game I have played in years. It’s a crying shame. Just about ready to give up on it. Mw3 is looking like the best option at the minute 😢
The constant whining is so blown out, this mission on the difficulty you're on, is supposed to feel impossible. It's a last stand by the bugs because we're about to wipe them from the planet. So it SHOULD feel like every bile titan is spawning. The mission is the only thing that is important, not extracting. You are an expendable soldier that is supposed to sacrifice yourself for the end goal. If you can't handle that, then drop the difficulty. It's pretty simple.
>Impossible mission “Why is it so hard?” 🥴
It's a Helldiver thing, in the first one higher difficulty was insane
I think the game is currently aimed to overwhelm you, its to show the growing threat of the different races so you cant just win every match, the termanids and the automotons need to push us hard, it has to be difficult until super earth creates something to push them back and then to push and pull will continue with us vs them and the adaptation by each side. My only argument is that with the amount of bile titans or tanks for the automotons, there needs to be a even more rarer elite unit in game because they are watering down the fear of their current elite units because of the sheer volume of them.  My personal opinion here, feel free to argue it.
So, the amount of heavy/elite mobs per breach might have been patched, but the amount of breaches did not?
It's only on this mission. Can you imagine how many Titans you would of had before the patch. Looks like they hit all the silos at once, which spawns a bunch of mobs right away. You have to do one silo at a time and defend it.
Well, given the fact that you're playing on the "Impossible" difficulty...  Seriously, I don't understand why you seem to think you should be able to survive the higher difficulties with a team of random players, especially when, as you repeatedly admit, you don't even know what the mission objective is. You SHOULD need to have a well-coordinated team of friends to pull that shit off.
it feels like the kept the heavy/elite spawns the exact same and also buffed the small bug count
yep.  experienced similar thing on diff 7.  pretty sure spawn rate is still fucked.   but it's inconsistent tho, sometimes it has a pretty much manageable spawn rate, sometimes you'll get 3 bile titans near the tower.  if you got lucky, you can solve this mission.  if you don't, well people will start leaving the mission, accepting that "well this mission is fucked"
Shut yo assss up with 1K dislikes!
Simple... make bile titans stronger and less.   maybe they could have a bile titan spawn with flying bus on its top, like they are perching on top of it.
Players when the hard difficulty is hard 😩
I mean you guys almost completed the mission with zero communication and you have no idea what was going on and on a high difficulty.  It's fine. A full squad with a little bit more communication and knowing the objectives and how it works and you would have crushed that very easily, no reason to tune it down or reduce spawns.  Again, the game is being balanced for groups working together and you guys nearly beat it just yoloing. You obviously did a great job having no idea what was going on.
After these updates i am getting crashes and bugs all over the place, while these things were not there on release
My friend got HD2 today on his PS5 and it wont let me accept his friend request. This games fucked if they cant polish out major issues tbh
The game is just going through growing pains. People joining the fray late will have more of a grind but they’re also able to get carried somewhat by the older players.
Personally I love the insane difficulty. I can always turn the difficulty down if needed for less rewards
There not "Destroying the game" massive over-reaction. What a fucking plumb
I love that they've made it so hard it beats the community down with a club. 😂 It's kinda nice that we can gather around for something that's meaningless but not at the same time.
Ive been saying it since day 1, the reason people loved the railgun so much was because it felt like the ONLY consistent and efficient way to get rid of bigger enemies. Theres just nothing else that felt as good, and they nerfed it without buffing any of the other weapons
I’m better off it be 18 bike titans or 10 bike titans at once vs 10 chargers at once or thOs FUCKING ANNOY FLYING INVISIBLE SLITHERY TONGUE FUCKERS . I believe cough there worst then bile titans
the actual worst part is the fuckin resupply climb up. holy fuck thats annoying
What's hilariously not mentioned in this video is the connection between button presses and the spawning event of Bile Titans....  So there's that... But yeah lets bitch about the state of the game as opposed to understanding the mechanics of whats going on... AS YOU stated "You have no idea what the premise of the mission is".  Bad take IMO.
If you wanna play at a high difficulty, then be ready for a high difficulty
There is an option to reduce the difficulty... I'm sure you know about it. I say this because I just did the same mission on Helldive and it was absolute hell. I'm delighted with this. I didn't count the bile titans and chargers, but we managed to complete the mission and evacuate. It was a random group with an “I choose what I like” scenario. The game is the same on any difficulty in terms of rewards. If you're not happy with the frequency of spawns, turn the difficulty down and have fun, however, if you want a bit of a challenge, take the HellDive. IMHO, it's that simple. Players who want a PVE challenge also need a little of Helldivers 2.
My take on the toxic positivity is more that they're a small dev, the game is still new, and they're still figuring things out. They're putting in good faith effort, for the most part. I don't believe the game is perfect or even good depending on what exactly you want to talk about, but their intention of having all primary weapons be balanced against each other I really like and while 20+ bile titans is excessive, it is something that can be tweaked/fixed. Highest difficulty may be too difficult during some patches, it's the nature of finding a good middle ground - there isn't a "fix difficulty" button.
as much as it pains me to say this, i cannot play this game atm. My first termicide mission started with a bug breach triggered by some cockroach across half the map, when i got there to kill em i see two bile titans spawn INSIDE each other, i also counted 15 hiveguards and of course a shit ton of hunters and scavengers. And im not making this shit up or being hyperbolic, behind the breach i see a patrol spawn in with 1 charger in it and ANOTHER bug breach gets triggered by the patrol and in this one spawns another bile titan and 3 chargers. Wtf did they even do? Its as if the spawnrates are more or at least equally severe now compared to pre update?? I love this game more than most people, i have a shit ton of hours and well my friends gave up on it but my point is, the current state of the game is so bad that a die hard player like myself needs a break from this madness.
This video has made me realize what truly makes the railgun so good: tons of ammo and a quick reload time. Hard to use anything else on higher difficulties when stratagem cooldown and summon times are increased (making EATs not as good) and other weapons don’t have the penetration power or have a long reload time.
This is what makes helldivers great, your complaining about 1 mission you lost. Pull up yours stats and I gurantee your win/loss ratio is great. Even recently.  The devs aren't coddling us and treating us like babies. We die alot and sometimes we lose. Thats what makes this game great. Just learn how to play this game mode. Its pretty simple. I'm simply not having the trouble like you're having here. Treat it like a defense mission and don't lose those silos. Like it or not  the teslas are actually amazing on this, try that too. Pretty sure you can damage your own silos. So careful with mech and other projectile sentrys/drones
Bring back toxic communities in gaming - the amount of complaining in this game is incredible. If its too hard play on an easier difficulty???? Jesus.
According to devs everything is all right
You didn’t know how the mission worked and screwed yourselves. Plain and simple you kept activating the silos before you cleared waves, forcing more spawns. If you’re gonna post a video of yourself complaining at least consider maybe you just didn’t know how the mission works? Me and my team noticed this early on in our session and we coordinated in text chat. Your team couldn’t even manage that. If you’re not gonna use comms on the hardest difficulty or even use text chat what are you doing? Y’all don’t even know what to coordinate towards lol
yeah the game kinda sucks now
Well, max difficulty should be max difficulty... And yes, this wasn't quite max, but it is only one below
maybe its too hard but for some reason make sense that the really really hard difficulty should be stupidly hard, you footage looked awesome, an explendid show of explosions, enemies everywhere, no time to waste, if this was a movie, that is what one will expect of extravaganza and action. Also there are still a lot of armors, weapons and stratagems that the developers haven't release yet, so it makes sense that the higher difficulties are right now, basically impossible to beat and if so, it has to be a well organized and planned mission, mic coordination and collaboration, after all that is the point of the game, not just 4 randoms playing, but a team, and i believe behaving like a team, and also an organize and planned team, should be consider in the equation. maybe we are not yet ready to play the higher difficulties, at least not right now, experience and teamwork, maybe is the key for all the to be more managed, even considering that the spawn points, as I understand are created by another enemies, so crowd control should be also part of the equation and the list could be even bigger and that only support my claim, we need more to win beat this game, maybe the devs gave it to easy at the beginning, and now its harder, also we dont know if the there is an agro variable, and if you are doing a mission in the main directive, that number is higher that in a random defending planet. if all the battle are won, there will be no point of a war, the enemy has to had a way of fighting back
So true, so true. The game is getting more and more annoying. If you dont play every Minute with your own teammates with voice....it is HORROR to play with randoms without voice (ingame voice is no option).... So I play lvl 5-6 solo and that is getting very frustrating after a few runs so you hope some mates will join you....
my point would be: this is the second hardest difficulty. it is supposed to be that hard. whats the point of having 9 difficulties if every random team can just walk through the hightes one.  its not like you guys had no chance to finish the mission. it was one short objective left and 15 minutes on the clock. yes i agree, 20 bile titans probably is a big strain on ammo, but over the course of 30 minutes, on the second highes difficulty that should be okay.  id even go as far to say that for the avarage gamer like me, in a random lobby, diff 7 or 8 should be the ceiling.  like, the higher diffs are all still doable. yes, stressfull, but doable for random teams. if you wanna water that down even more, then just get rid of the 9 diffs system and just make 3, with the hardest one being the same as current diff 7.
Yes, there were a lot of Titans. But if you had focused on the mission, it would've been over way sooner and their wouldn't have been time for so many Titans to spawn. 2 of you didn't know what they were doing, being pretty much useless. (maybe ask?) And it's difficulty 8. So what exactly do you expect? That you farm Titans with 1 shot? It's a team game. You're 4 players. If you want to be able to solo a Titan, you might be better of in a singleplayer game. Brush it of as copium if you want. But how justified is your complaint if you ignore the basics? Oh, and you were a big help team-damaging the objective. Maybe inform yourself about what to do BEVORE you start blasting. I don't want to play advocate for the game. I just find your complaint not justified or objectively. Except for one thing, and that's the 500kg Bomb. This thing is broken right now.
this is why people just dont fight and rush points of interests. If you stay and fight you get spammed with breaches.
Was in today as well and...instead of balancing the amount, it got sooooooo much worse....
I feel like the 500kg bomb should be targeted, not directly on the orbital signal. The only time youre using that is for the big guys anyways. Either that or make the AOE way bigger, its a fucking 500kg bomb, not fireworks.
Something I haven’t heard anyone suggest is that I think the game gods want us to loose. I can’t say whether or not I feel this is a good idea, but it does potentially make things interesting.  The game story comes from what happens online, and I think they’re working towards an attack on super earth. They can Of course just make this happen. But I order for the story to line up, we have to loose hard.
I 100% agree with everything you said. I tried one of those missions, jumped out of it after 20 minutes and logged off. And very often the Hellpods are not possible to steer. They just do as they want and even often they do not even drop close to where they were called to drop as well.....
Tbh… INCREASE BILE TITAN SPAWN RATE BY 1000% 😈
Maybe this is an unpopular opinion, but I think this is fine? The difficulty you selected is literally called "Impossible". That should be insanely overwhelming and take really tight teamwork and coordination. I'm glad the higher difficulties are really, really hard - nothing would be worse than high difficulty not being very hard.  I'm currently playing the game at 5/6 and it's somewhat difficult but very doable. That's the nice thing about being able to pick your difficulty.
Why dont u just use the spear. The game is totally fine u can use better strategems the gatling is a wasted slot  on difficulty 8 just use the rover. Its not that hard imo
People have got to stop saying meta
Seriously just get better, if I’m succeeding as a blue collar gamer on 9diff terminide tower missions wtf are u doing or atleast what is ur team doing? It’s supposed to be hard. Hopefully no one listens to you :)
yep that was my experince on this mission type too. there also seems to be friendly fire active on the towers/ obj.
The devs will do anything but turn down the spawn rates everybody keeps telling them is the problem.
This game has 9 difficulties lol I mean what do you expect from it? There is a difficulty called "impossible" shouldn't it fit the name? I think people are too use to playing games where difficulty doesn't change much. This game is supposed to be hard, very hard. Do you expect it to be easy on higher difficulties??
Заебатая игра!
I don’t know why you’re complaining the difficulty level is literally called “impossible” just lower your difficulty.
Sounds like a pretty fun match tbh lol. But yah, it looks like you guys just kept pressing the "spawn bugs" button lol. I did the first mission on medium difficulty so that I could learn how to do the mechanics without fucking over myself and others lol. Maybe next time I'll just do helldiver difficulty to start for the experience lol.  Honestly, your video just showed what you guys fucked up, and you based an opinion and made a video on it without actually knowing what the mechanic is. You joined randoms, they were punching themselves in the nuts and you didn't know it, and therefore the update is horrible.
Can we also talk about collision bugs? I've been ragdolled multiple times by Scavengers when on uneven terrain, especially if im hit "towards" a wall.  And getting out of my mech results in me losing about 20% hp as it steps back "colliding" with me during the disembark animation.  Anyone else?
The towers agro.  Defend the objective and move on.  You don't have to shoot every bug you see. Especially if that tower is complete. I feel like this new mission has highlighted a major flaw with the player base.  everyone drops and starts shooting before they even know what the hell they're supposed to be doing.  Additionally, i wouldn't be surprised if there's some sliding scale of difficultly in these games where if a single titan is easily dispatched, then take a few more.
Also every time I log into game my load out in the armory resets
I dunno about the difficulty as it's hit and miss for me with those kinda spawns that was crazy, however i do think it would be amazing if you could extract mechs that are out of ammo instead of just leaving them and they have a cooldown before being able to be recalled in the higher the damage it's taken combined with ammo expended would decide the countdown.
Keep hitting buttons that spawn titans, shocked that titans spawn.  Lmao.  Maybe try turning down the difficulty level?
Play on 6 Helldiver!
That's a lot of bile titans.
IMHO D9 should is only slightly over tuned where it is now.  Take destiny 2 for example, their grandmaster nightfall strikes, some of the hardest content in the game is by no means completed by even 25% of the community can complete them regularly.  It's a challenge that's there for the best players.  I think 7-8 is where most the community should sit difficulty wise, and those are a little more overtuned right now to me.
Brother it’s a defend against the hoard mission on the second highest difficulty. If they didn’t spawn heavies what’s the point.
"I have no idea what this mission is about" THERE IS AN OBJECTIVE ON THE TOP RIGHT, READ IT! Thank you. Bye.
Also, if you’re turning in the mech and shoot a missile, youll blow up. Even after the patch its still not fixed.
Bro its not a good idea to rant if you have yet to understand how this mode works Calm down and walk away for a bit then come back
This seems proper challenging though..? Sure, the 500k should be buffed, I agree, but you're also not using team reloads and you got most the objectives done. You were doing well and it seemed the challenge was pretty good..??
Maybe we just got lucky but me and a friend duo'd a 7 after the update and it had the termicide mission in it and I only saw about 5 or so titans and never more than 2 at a time. I am only level 18 while he is in low 30s though.
Something fundamentally broke with the difficulty balance of the game when they released version .100. The game went from being hard but fair and fun, to frustratingly difficult, unfair, unfun and becoming mostly a chore. It left us powerless in the face of multiple high armoured enemies at once on higher difficulties, forcing us to cheese the game and/or just run away, before they gave us 1 free mech per team member (which didn't help a whole lot against the Automatons anyway).  Against the Automatons, playing at difficulty 7 is like throwing a hammer at your ballsack until you extract or fail the mission; even after .102 it's still the same.  I am sorry, but the game was more fun at release. We had an OP railgun and shield combo which helped us deal with OP enemies. Even now, the game is in an objectively worse state than it was at release
that does seem seriously unfair... which I think is fair for difficulty 8 especially considering how the devs pretty much stated they want things more difficult
Ermz Plays when he does something of a domino effect in a mission intended to be extremely difficult but doesnt understand that so he decides to make a whole rant video of nothingness. Bringer of the Yappening
500 needs more vertical/cone reach. A cone like shape would allow a safer low ground area while maximize damage in the vertical axis. Since titans stand so high up.
just lower the difficulty bruh!
yo something like that happened to me and the team i was playing with but we came up with a brilliant plan... turn on the silo and aggro the bugs then run away lol the bugs instead of going to the silos they would rather go on a marathon around the base with you
3:51 & 5:05 Did they stealth nerf the mech rockets or something? I swear when they just came out you could 2-shot a bile titan if you put two rockets in their face.  But anyway, more on-topic, I have heard that the amount of bugs you face might be because of Joel's shenanigans, that being that the spawn rates are just bigger on the termicide planets... which are the only planets we can play on to fight the terminids right now. Perhaps that's why you're facing so many friggin bile titans?
Who couldve have possibly forseen them fucking up the spawn rates even more?
Now think about diff lvl9
Played an automaton eradication mission last night with my buddies. I’m pretty sure there were around 15 hulks and we killed about 4 of them.
I think it’s only for this mission type because they probably need to tweak the spawn when the silo is reset.
i mean you are on the second highest difficulty so i would expect a ton of bile titans
Tried 7 yesterday, at 15min mark to end my team just gave up. When I tried solo hard, I had "connection lost" message for a second, while I was waiting for pickup...all progress lost, all basic samples lost...
you guys did great, the game still needs alot of polish and changes here and there
Here is my take… people are beating Helldivers difficulty and getting ton of XP and samples. Fully maxed out ships and have already reached level 50. They upped the higher levels because they want people to work towards something before more updates come. They have already pumped more content than many AAA studious in the few since launch. When the mission is called Suicide and it’s level 7… I anticipate 30-40% success rate but higher reward which is the case with XP and very rare samples. The balance of the game should be for level 4-6. The rest should be very difficult. It also doesn’t help having a new mission type and taking stratagems that might not be optimal and then we are trying to figure out the objectives. There is no quit in us soldier. Just dive dive dive and dive some more! For Democracy… for Freedom… for Super Earth!!!!
You and Your team not understanding how the objective works here is why so many titans spawned. It's not your fault, first time on the mission, probably their's too.  Each time you activate a silo it causes 2 breaches, which guarantees a titan. If a patrol comes up, that's a 3rd breach, so now you've got a 50/50 of a 3rd titan or on 8+ a promise of a 3rd titan. It truly is a mission where you need to communicate with the voice comms and pre-setup before hand to deal with it.  Sadly, that is hard to do in a public lobby or even convince a public lobby to do. But the mission is doable, just well, you're going to need that coordination before hand and/or during to setup each silo to take on the wave after wave of enemies. This mission isn't like the others that is always a sprint, it's a marathon and players will need to come into it with that mentality.  That said, yes, there are too many titans and chargers spawning right now but at present if you are prepared for that, you can do this mission. If you are not, difficulty 7+ simply isn't in the cards for this mission. I think that is what the developers want, us coordinating heavily and actually talking to each other.
I seen a few posts yesterday of people saying have they tinned down spawn rate of bugs becsuase there are less than usual, I said your not playing this game then because it's been the opposite
Seems like you and your team were just unfamiliar with the mechanics of that mission type. Can you believe it used to be worse before?
i did this mission only once in helldive difficulty and failed 2 times. But frankly thats what i was asking for. Higher difficulty should be insane difficulty and not something with a clear rate of 90% plus. Higher difficulty was too damn easy to clear before.
I’ve just opted to give the game a break. It’s more stressful to play than fun at this point.
To me the game is unplayable at helldive no amount of team play helps, especially when people time out and get killed by glitches or go under the map
Yeah calm down the devs said skill issue 😂💀
What are you talking about we dont get enough chargers/biletitans tanks/hulk bruisers in helldivers. Pfff I was in game yesterday on Helldiver we get over runned by 12 hulks 5 tanks witin 3 minutes. Broken naah.. Said no one ever :P
I sound like a hater, but this comes from someone who can barely do 7s. The upper difficulties should make you sweat. Its refreshing to have a game have massive difficulty that not all players can do. Thats awesome. Now put the pitch fork down because im not negating your points because holy heck yes there are clear problems that are making it difficult in the wrong ways. Using basically all tools at your disposal it was too crazy let alone not the max difficulty. Which is insane cause me and some randos comfortably but a bit sweatily, did it on 7 and it was not nearly this bed. Let me end this by saying your opinion is valid, I just have the opinion it should be hard, but that its not hard in the right way right now.
people will whine all the time, you dont want titan and charger spam and they turned it down for you in exchange for higher regular mob spawns, now y'all complain about the higher spawn counts of hunters, guards, commanders, and spewers. i hate saying this since its so glaringly freaking obvious but GIT GUD. stop complaining to the devs about how bad you are at the game while simultaneously playing on the top hardest difficulties, and start using your damn area denial stratagems and anti-armor stratagems together, its like everybody forgot landmines, napalm landmines, tesla towers and EMS orbital strikes were a thing! its laughably easy to lock down the objectives for the TCS missions with some regular common sense and an inkling of team coordination. also stop trying to start all 3 silo defenses at the same time! you know 2 to 4 titans might spawn from each activation and still you do it then complain to the devs about it when it was clearly YOUR FAULT!!!!  Additionally, stop complaining about scripted spawns! the whole point of having a game master is to throw a curveball our way every time a new event comes out, has nobody here ever actually played a DND match in their collective lives? the game master is supposed to make us have tense experiences that betray our expectations, because we should never be allowed to have expectations of what we will face in the game. having expectations and forcing the devs to follow those expectations means that the devs will never be able to make the game surprise you, and it will grow stale and boring fast if that happens. the fact that the termicide mission has this specific curveball is supposed to be an eye opener to tell you that unless you get your shite together you will never come out on top.
So you want to play on the hardest difficulty but it's too hard? Sounds like first world problems.
Idk what you expected. It’s helldive difficulty and you obviously have very little understanding of how the mission works. Don’t get mad at the devs bc you don’t know how to play
So, hard mode is hard, but with preparation, skill, and a cool head you can prevail, and somehow that's a problem for you? Really making a career bitching about a game you could just not play
This must of been a outlier, i just did a misson like this on 7 and only had to deal with like 6 bile titans and an endless chaff wave. It may have been a difficulty thing, but i think that the game can modify what is likely to spawn on a misson to misson basis. This is also why some missons have bile spewers, some have nursing spewers, some have neither, and sometimes i feel like there is no scavengers but like 12million hunters.
Am I the only one not having that much trouble with bile titans now that Mechs exist?
Hey here's the thing man - you don't have to play on that difficulty.  I wouldn't want or expect to be able to tackle the highest difficulty missions without EVEN UNDERSTANDING WHAT YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO DO IN THE MISSION or cooperating with your team AT ALL in a co-op game.   The game might be overtuned now, but this was... not the best example to go by, lol
I'm glad you're sharing your experience.  My team and I had a similar one.  By the end of it we were overrun because we all ran out of ammo.  I think we ended up racking up over 2000 kills as a squad.  It was fun but miserable at the same time.  The next mission we had was a walk in the park.  Starting to feel like difficulty above 7 doesn't matter and is completely up to rngesus.
I wouldn’t mind the difficulty all that much if they didn’t nerf the good weapons into the ground. I honestly would’ve rather they raised the difficulty and kept the weapons strong. We like killing bugs, not running away because you’re out of rockets, or you can’t find time for the 10 minute reload animation.
Did you try turning down the difficulty?
If u want a good strat, don't all of u pile up. If u all go in different directions, u spredd out the enemy spawn and it makes it a lot more manageable to do objectives
I don't know if this is better or worse than pre-patch. Pre-patch you "could" kite them against each other, but the update makes dealing with them a whole lot easier/actually more engaging.
I agree certain rates are high but I gotta say its also yalls fault, None of you guys are trying to set up defenses and I see a heavy lack of Stratagems (could be timer but if yall only have timers theres an issue). Finally I say this as a Helldivers 1 Vet, YES, thats exactly what they expect from you even in a “public game” you see the leader you just joined is boutta do a level 9 and you dont like it? leave. dont play on lvl 7 above if you arent ready for a fight, you dont need meta builds but you should expect to be met with A HIGH Difficulty Spike like that
I didn't know it was a glitch with the rocket. I gotta apologize to my brother... I thought he killed me!
i dont understand how there are still people who say its toooooo Easy
No need to worry it will probably be balanced next patch
I tried with randoms a Terminite Kill Mission Difficulty 6.  At one point out of thin Air. 3 Titans spawned at the same time.  Tried to Spawn my Mech only for a Orbital Laser to Destroy it.
Play a lower difficulty
Just tried to do a termicide mission. The spawn rate was just ... Unbelievable. Add that to the fact that the corpses act like bullet sponges for the other that are still alive is annoying as hell.  The game is now unfun.
I agree, it was great in the beginning. (alittle too easy when you leveled up a bit) But listening to 468.000 players and pleasing them all is just bonkers
I'm so confused... I did this exact same mission on impossible. Like why do people think these difficulties  are named this way. If you don't want to sweat lower the difficulty.  It's for people who want that experience the game caters to everyone. What I will say though is the damage done needs to be more consistent.
It’s a hard mission. Maybe try it first on a lower difficulty next time. Not “impossible” difficulty.
Apperently someone needs to know how this mission is suppose to work
I mean…learn the mission type first before you post this, dude. The silo attracts bugs every time it’s activated, similar to a geological survey mission.  In this video, your team was hitting the activation button almost every time after it failed WITHOUT clearing the field first.   So it stands to reason that if you keep hitting that button you’re gonna get more bugs.  I don’t see the point of this video.   This reason that mission was FUBAR was of your own making.  This seems like such a reactionary video because you’re obviously frustrated with the state of the game.  Maybe next time, take a time out, do some research and learn the mechanics of the mission and THEN make an educated critique.  The game will suffer with takes like these.
This game is trash. It’s just a bad game and the development team is digging in their heels instead of listening to the player base. They are letting their ego ruin their game. We have literally thousands of other games to play we don’t need them they need us. That goes for all developers, we are telling them how to treat us, if we put up with their bullshit they will try and see how far they can push it.
Yeah this is what I like to see, if anything the game should be harder, do you really expect to just queue with some random and win every time? Go play difficulty 5 then. Level difd 9 for all maxed out on comms people to deal with and still not have a guarantee win, that's how games should be.
Whole time I watched this I thought “cry me a river why don’t you” with all the dramatic background music.  Find a good squad that’ll communicate effectively and knows what mission they’re getting into and it’ll become doable.
this would've been 100 times more fun if you had actually played the OBJ.
That type of bs should be difficulty 9, but if people can't handle *that* level of difficulty then uh... play lower?
I didn’t know they added an “Oops! All Titans!” difficulty. That’s pretty cool
Enters high difficulty mission. Doesn't understand mission objectives. Runs around mindlessly praying for objectives to magically complete. Conclusion: Game too hard, revert update pls.
It’s not a skill issue… it was not knowing how this mission works. Don’t keep activating the silos
The auto-vault is the most annoying fuckery in this game! Absolutely hate trying to pick up ammo and my big brained helldiver climbs on top of it instead 😩
Devs did say they considered diff 8 & 9 success rate was way too high at the previous 90% so with the diff you were on being considered supposed to be mostly unwinnable I'm not sure what you are upset about. Seems to be doing what it's supposed to now.
people shouldnt take lowering difficulty as such a hit to their ego.  how I see it. difficulty 8 and 9 SHOULD be be ridiculous for the people that are looking for that experience. 6 and 7 challenging even for experienced players  4 and 5 challenging for inexperienced players  And 1 to 3 pretty casual. it really doesnt sounds absurd to me that the two highest difficulties are unplayable for most players. Just don't play on them. but if you nerf them you are robing the people that like this kind of experience of a game they like.
It's terrible.... and they say they fixed the spawn rate.  We're out of ammo and reinforcements 15 mins into 8. Suicide is about the same. No way we can finish helldiver anymore.  We haven't been able to extract purple samples since the patch a week ago. We were so hopeful this patch would help us..... Nope.
Just a couple of points i want to make on the video:  1. Probably unknown to him, but restarting the silo's over and over causes more and more to spawn, which was likely his heavy issue in this as i saw the last silo constantly off and on in different cuts of the video.  2. I'm sorry but bringing a gatling sentry to level 8 is just asking to have a somewhat difficult time.... It certainly has its place, but not very much in a level 8 difficulty.  3. I strongly believe this type of mission is much harder than normal missions because I have completed a bunch so far all on 7-9 and these seem to be dialed up in difficulty compared to normal missions. (likely because of the silo starting and spawning more bugs)  4. I want to take the recoilless rifle more serious, but with how long it takes to call down a second time and the amount of ammo it has, it simply makes the EAT (expendable anti tank) more worth it to bring instead of recoilless rifle. Quickly fire EAT, move on, use second one, move on. Recall in 60 seconds. Unless you can hog all the resupply's i don't think recoilless is as good as EAT. (Most people who haven't used EAT, don't know the EAT calls in TWO single use rockets.)  5. 500kg bomb certainly needs a vertical improvement or something. I find myself more successful putting a normal eagle airstrike on a bile titan to handle it as effectively as a 500kg.  6. Mech suit consistency: I find i rocket headshot bile titans anywhere from 2-4 shots each time. When i look closer i can tell i 2 shot when it hit more around its mouth instead of its general "head". It leaves a tiny little scorch mark on its mouth and that's how i know i hit it hard.  7. I wont be unreasonable about insane spawns. It does happen, ill admit that, but rarely does it get to the point of no return. I enjoy difficult games, so maybe I'm more accepting of the spawns.    I hate to be the side that just says "its a skill issue" but in my opinion after watching people SOLO level 9s and many many reviews, I think the majority of the time it is.  I'm not sure if Ermz is just trying to be hypercritical in patch videos, but I'm somewhat convinced at this point he's searching for reasons to be negative about balance updates. Like just say "my review of the recent patches" why do ALL the titles have to start off negative. I originally came to this channel because the weapon reviews were actually really good, pros and cons of each. I welcome fair and reasonable discussion about games, but showing this video without proper understanding puts it in just "another negative review" category. Helldivers 2 is supposed to be difficult. Its not supposed to hand hold and make it easy to complete missions. Level 9 is the MAX... its supposed to be HARD if not barely possible.
The update is not making the game worse its makit it harder. and thats good higher difficulty might prehaps gonna be for the better player and the easyer difficultys for the guys who just wanna have fun or farm samples. And i have been rocking mortars and turrets those will take down 2-3 if places inhead of time before starting the silo. The new mission is learning us to teamwork and comunicate mutch more even whit randomes i like it. and the supply drop vaulting is anoying and i hope they fix it. And do so u can buy somthing whit the [R]'s its capped at 50k
Frankly, I'm starting to believe that the dev's are doing this on purpose. Between the increased headshot damage, the magic spawns, and the bile titan zerg rushes. There is no way they don't know what they are doing. They made their money and now they don't care.
i don't think those silos are working properly if there's that many bugs spawning. this is from someone who's never actually finished one of those missions
Yeah they did fix the spawn rates it has to do with objectives activating the bug breeches themselves thus giving you more chargers and bile titans. I think they cap how many bug breeches  you can experience by intitating a firefight or if an enemy bumps into you. Thus this termicide mission is just hell. On normal missions I only see five spread out at different times.
That just looked FUN. That didn't look like a regression, it looked like a mad panic generator, which is what I PAID for. I know the initial YOLO DEMOCRACY vibe wears out eventually, but the main reason for that is players adapting too well. So, I've taken this experience as a positive, and am sorry you didn't feel the same. Cos that was a heck of a fun video! :D  It's not sweaty E-Sports level, it's the hilarious panic the game was sold on. And you all played great, GG's to your whole team, cos that was scary stuff. o7
This is cancerous garbage. I am not going to play anymore until the spawns are actually fixed and the guns are worth a fuck.
Video got out 2hs ago. This was fixed yesterday... the same day the mission release. Idk seems you farming haters.
The host didn't rage quit. All your team members are there. The host just had a bad connection. You can see all your teammates in the lobby (muted) and they were all moving.
skill issue, this is still the learning phase
You can’t claim to “Stress Test” a game with minimal testing. Your first video misunderstood charger spawns, burrowed chargers are visible. This video misunderstood how heavy waves correspond with the silos. Which is ok! I didn’t know on my first playthrough either, but I wasn’t making grand statements about the state of the game. Cmon.
Bugs don’t want termicide to deploy, can’t blame them.
Difficulty 8, you need your own team. You need strategy there.
was getting railed by probably the tenth bile titan last night, so i said no prob ill throw my railgun strike. so i do, and it just disappears. doesnt activate, no red beacon or laser afterwards. and a full cooldown. “use your stratagems” they said.
As the tryhard cragcringy kids always say, "Skill issues."
yeah no i’ve had this problem every day, i think it’s the helldive difficulty but bruh i literally can’t complete any operations without this happening and failing one mission
I feel like we need more weapons that can deal with heavy armor,   last night my friend was testing the sniper....a sniper...a gun used in other games as being very strong bc 1 shot at a time before reload, and used as a heavy weapon in alot of game.... can only work on light armor.... how can a sniper deal damage equal to a pistol?  cant wait until the game is balanced more
My friends and I discovered the hard way that when on extreme at least, we wanna lead the pack one way then split the aggro between all silos, by the time they get close everything is pretty much done
Bro you are bad at this game and you muted your teammates who are probably screaming at you to do the objective correctly. Why are you so freaking far away from The Silo trying to fight enemies for literally zero reason you should be standing right next to it and the only thing you need to do is kill the little bugs that run up and try to smack it. You can completely ignore the Chargers and Titans if you want. Let your other teammates deal with those scrubs. I had no problem completing these missions on high difficulty level even with a brand new player who this is literally his first time playing the game and he had no stratagems or weapons and we still did it first try easily and never had our Silo get reset even once
This looks awesome. Exactly how I'd imagine the second toughest difficulty. Teamwork and comms needed, not just brute forcing
You choose the difficulty though? What's the problem? The gamers who played SEGA genesis games never got anything handed to them. Stop whining, play the game for fun at your level. No one cares what difficulty you play in a PvE game.
I thought you guys were doing great. Sure you were just keeping your heads above water, but you were keeping yourself above water all the same. Isn’t that kind of balls to the walls endless action what the higher ranks is all about?
im lvl 50 playing with my low level mates on lvl 6, same mission, and theres like 9 bile titans spawns just for  1 silo, not counting the other silo
Get gud kid 😂
me and my pasl go the same thing ever mission start got us two biles and every last wave got us two biles, for the objective showen in the video, we got two every silo we did (exept restarts)
activating the tower spawns a bunch, reactivating them if they get reset spawns more instantly. setting up before activating and taking a breather after mopping up the field to get some CDs back and setting up for the next one is key. this isn't a horrible patch, just a mission that isn't "W" keying thru the map.
Did you know, you can stomp with the mech. Hit that melee. I have found it to be inner-mitten though. Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn’t idk why. But it will kill adds around you, I’ve even stomped a charger to ☠️.
Hmmm, where did i heard that sentence "if you see 9 bile titans it's ppl who didn't kill them to show it off" or smth like that.Wtf is that?
I love these missions. The perfect difficulty .  Anytime you active silo you will get 2, maybe 3 breaches (they will be in the same location and attack from specific sides). Once you figure out where the breaches will be your team has to coordinate. Just split your team into 2 and handle each side.  Manage your waves. Don't hit the silo button until you've cleared the breaches.
Yep soon as devs start messing with the meta they ruin the game
It's painfully obvious they didnt playtest the new mode. I had half a dozen biletitans on my ass at one point and it's like... really devs? We don't have enough ammo to deal with this shit. this is literally opposite of what they wrote in the patchnotes about reducing the huge monsters and increasing the small ones
You can akways count on A good thing turning to shiiiiit
Had this happen once on an Escort Mission prior to the Mech update.  Around 9-11ish Titans spawned in seemingly one after another. On such a small map it was completely overwhelming and detrimental to our success in keeping the civilians alive.  Therefore, I’m strongly convinced that this has less to do with the recent Update and is more of a reoccurring Bug.   As a side note: The closing remarks @11:21 really hit the nail on the head.
I find the difficulty to be good for a well organized team of players that are all communicating together, which I believe to be what the devs want. I find it very fun cause me and my friends need to take it seriously and make sure we don’t wastes are cooldowns.
Then play a different difficulty. Problem solved. You'll still have fun.
Dunno played 2 helldives on bugs lastnight and it’s super doable compared to just a few days ago if the team doesn’t know what’s going on or what to do this is what happens. Go fight robots on challenging or up he’ll even medium  right now can become a shit show
I like bile titans actually.
Arrowhead try to make something fair challenge (impossible as of late)  They really had a good thing going with launch balance at least compared to this.
i agree this balance update sucks so bad just turn down the heavies but it seems to have made them worse
they just as same as the rescue science staff mission, they must balance the spawn rate
They are slowly killing this game
God damn 🫨
0:31 absolutely *based* to throw Armored Core 6 ambiente into this game  great choice  also duuh. makes sense.  they reduced the spawn rate of the "heavies". If a charger is a heavy, no way in hell you can tell me a bile titan is classified in the same manner. Nah, bile titan is super heavy. That's why there's so many of them. Because the heavy spawn was reduced. There's more mid and super heavy enemies now.
The biggest issue with this mission is the divers. Communication is key, these missions are beatable no one said bearable.
Thank you for saying this, idk why theyve become SOO obsessed with tweaking balances so damn much
Completely fucked I had 5 titans out of a hole at once in the map chargers just touched me and sent me flying and instantly kill me  And not only all of this crap the other players just fucking shooting and not doing anything to stop it or moving on map to other objects mind u that doesn’t work on this map bc this map is completely fucked  D4 bad
Developers should seriously watch this video and then fix their fucking game.
Some people complain it's too much, some complain it' still too easy. You cannot satisfy everyone.
Does this guy want every mission to be a cakewalk or something because so far all I have seen from him is complain. Its difficulty level 8 what do you expect. Granted that was a lot of bile titans but knowing how the mission works would of helped and saved you a lot of trouble. So yea mostly it was your fault that all of them spawned.
Isn't level 8 literally called Sue icide
there was no fighting that its insane its supposed to be fun not masochism simulator 2023.if it was level 9 i might have given it a pass but this was 8 there is no fighting that
god i fucking hate hunters, if you don't dive away and blast them immediately they'll stun-lock you out of the stim, its bs
I did this on Difficulty 8 in under 10 minutes several times with randoms.. It's a teamwork issue and not knowing what you're doing.   Each time you activate the silos, it spawns several waves and at least 1-2 heavies. Each time the pumps go down to damage, you have to reactivate it.   The strategy here is to all group up, activate one at a time. Each Helldivers picking a corner where a wave will spawn and ping heavies if needed. That way, no swarm bugs reaches the silo. Once the silo  is done, clean up the remaining and go to the next one.  Repeat for the last one. Then, activate and extract. Less than 8 heavies.
'Heavy spawns will now be less common'  Sike.
Helldivers 2 players when a mission with difficulty called "Impossible" following a supposedly easier difficulty called "Suicide mission" is hard.  And you almost even did beat it first try with randoms not even using voice chat. You even had to use intended game mechanics like the ressuply stratagem because you were out of ammo, god forbid. Yeah what they said about lowering spawnrates of armored enemies is kinda bs but why do you complain about a hard difficulty being hard. "I could not believe my eyes the difficulty called Impossible was actuallty hard!!! Maybe even impossible?????"
I dunno, man, this is so typical for me and my buddy on 7-8 difficulties(and I am not happy about that). I mean, yeah this is a bit more than usual but this game is trying to choke you hard all the time :) enjoy) Also, I am just amazed that developers did not intend leg meta. I really can't believe that as in first game chargers were one shot from rocket laucher(any) in the head or side(right angle), but at the beginning in this one they couldn't care less about reckoilless or expandable) how they thought head is the weakspot I just can't comprehend. Is there anyone who actually plays the game among Arrowhead team?)
sad to see that HD2 already has whine/hate channels
The update isn't the problem. It is your use of silos before clearing the area. Clear the area/wave first, otherwise Bile Titans will just keep spawning until it becomes to much. Rinse and repeat.
No amount of teamwork can eliminate 20+ bile titante and 300+ chargers
This happened to me on difficulty 8. It was absurd. I have learned an amazing loadout for these termicide missions though. It consists of: Tesla tower Ems mortar sentry Recoil less rifle or EAT And anything else that helps you beat heavy’s  Once you activate a tower, drop the ems mortar by the button and then toss the tesla tower on the opposite side (right by the tower) or wherever you see a bug breach. The enemies exclusively attack the tower when activated so they won’t attack the tesla (except for bile titans, so just kill them asap)  It works okay but difficulty 7+ on these missions is still unacceptable
My major order is bugged. I’ve completed the objective on all 4 maps solo (and a couple with a team on a harder difficulty) and it won’t update or give me credit for doing the missions. So now I’m pretty much stuck doing the same mission type over and over again on those 4 terminid planets. I’ve probably completed this mission type 10 times now, no credit.
Skill issue comes to mind indeed. He didnt know how the mission worked lol  I will say though, the vaulting over Supply pod is annoying
The more bike titans the better 😈
I had a very similar experience as this video on difficulty 7 with 3 people. We noticed that when only one of us was alive the amount of bugs was almost nonexistent. Ended up just soloing two of the towers by myself because as soon as i reinforced one person the amount of bugs shot through the roof. Something seems off with the spawn rates vs how many helldivers are alive.
Yeah the patch does suck, we need more titans.
I think you can use the bile titan to kill small bugs around the silo because bile titans don't attack the silo
Nothing but nonsensical ranting
Literally the only thing bro does is complain about the game, its crazy
lol 8 is still broken. 7 is ok
Bile titans can unalive themselves by shooting at the dome shield stratagem, the dome shield can also stop charger sprinting attacks, saving your gatling and auto cannon while you reload (always be prone). between 3 coordinated teammates you can have an infinite dome shield loop
skill issue helldiver
I understand the point of the video, and agree that the game is improperly balanced right now, but if you find that difficulty 8 is too hard, maybe play on a lower difficulty.
Guys… learned this from another video but use smoke grenade or smoke strike to cover the silos. And move from one silos to another. Keep fighting and they keep spawning. So much easier once we started using smoke to cover the silos so it limits the bug attack for some reason
I find the difficulty names pretty accurate, ludicrous as they should be.
People, don't listen to anything said in this video, as the ministery of truth has revealed, that this is just Automaton propaganda to weaken the moral of our brave and loyal Helldivers
and this is why the rail gun should have never been nerved. it was the only thing that could consistently take out the titans
I am GLAD to see someone who actually played this mission in a high difficulty to do a review of it, instead of your usual "the mission is so easy, i can complete it in 5 - 10 minutes"
Drama queen
Agreed, far too few titans
lol dummy
All they had to do was buff the other weapons. Instead, they ruined their own game lol
Im sorry but this game is going fall really quickly if the devs keep fucking up like this because they will be trying to catch up to all the mistakes there making.  Put the game back to its launch state and leave it just add more content ffs i love this game but its becoming more frustrating to play than fun
Joel going ham with the bile Titans
After that first update to the "meta" I got a whiff of balancing issues. The devs need a headshake, this type of game difficulty is not fun.
the pesticide missions are fucking hard and I love it, it needs you to actually cooperate which is great for something that is "going to control all the bugs"
I support a balance reroll, lol
See I get why everyone is annoyed because it is a bit extreme but you can’t lie that this is hilarious to experience. Ik y’all won’t it toned down and maybe I agree but this is what makes the game fun that sometimes it’s calm and other time it’s crazy. This is an rng game not every experience is supposed to be the same. Like one time me and some friends had like 30 stalkers come a kill us and we were laughing the whole time still make jokes about it to this day. So I get why you’re mad but I feel like at this rate everyone’s just gonna want the entire game toned down where only one charger spawns and I don’t want that cause then the games going to be boring. That mission is way to extreme though I feel like all of one games enemies will spawn on you while doing one objective in it so I do think they should fix that or give us a better way to handle it cause as I said it’s what makes the game fun.
My friend and I did this mission twice on lvl 8 trying to figure it out and why it was so difficult almost like the patch didn’t do anything. I went to lvl 7 and tried it out and the plan worked and it was significantly easier. My hypothesis is that there’s an error in the code that only changed lvl 7 but not 8 or 9.
this is part of why nerfing the guns shows the balance team hasnt played there own game otherwise theyd probably say something about the 10+ titans a mission
There are some good runs and some bad ones. Sometimes you lose. It's the nature of the game, if you can't handle losing, try playing on a lower difficulty.
Need comms bro, sorry but it's true. Been milking this mission on Helldive. It's a team game and it's still fun as fuck when you scream at your mates.
I still don’t feel a difference on 7 with heavy spawns or is that just me?
I "technically" solo-helldived this mission by making one loop and hitting all three switches bringing a fair amount of aggro away from the silos. I set off the tower and promptly lost my last life. Did not make it out, but I did clear the objectives. It's way easier like that, then having your team spam the buttons.
They clearly haven't done shit but made the bugs do more damage. Chargers and titans still spawning the same amount despite devs saying they spawn less
I have a theory, that the bile titans spawning are directly related to how many bile titans are currently active and how fast they get killed. If that's the case I don't think that's a good design decision because then it's like you get rewarded by having more of them spawn right after. I wonder how many and how fast they would spawn over the same mission if you take much longer before killing them. I personally would not like that the mission adapt to the team's skills, I feel that does not fit this game here at all it only becomes a source of frustration really.
First of all - skill issue. If you can't clear 8, go 7, can't do seven go 6 e.t.c. Second - you are playing defense mission, so wave spawn tied to object activation.
Honestly sick if people ranting that the game is too hard or unfair, it's the second hardest difficulty it should be HARD and an accomplishment to extract. If they make this game easy to beat for everyone on helldive then this game will die faster than new world.
the bile spewer attack the silo and they're deal dmg too fast, never let any bile spewer get close to the silo
Skill issue
Worst title ever.
helldiver devs: dont worry we reduced the heavy spawns  joel:dont forget I also have a say in how many enemies are spawning
It does seem excessive, I definitely agree - I would somehow get it if this would be difficulty 9 - it is supposed to be difficult and I think there should be a difficulty that is barely manageable. No one forces anybody to play on helldive. But for level 8, that seemed excessive. We had around 6 bile titans on Extreme.
I agree with a lot that you're saying. however I think you're forgetting that this studio didn't have any expectancy of the players bass size. also expected number of things previously to be difficult. and you're thinking that they're updates are ruining the when they directly stated many of their updates were to fix the game with broken bugs and things that were not intended. and the changes that they made with the spawns is not something that they originally intended. it's simply that the player base just didn't want to use the tools that were already in the game. I don't just say this I'm the one who literally pushed against playing the Meta on 9. and what I have found that those that I've played with when we succeed are those who use teamwork AND mics. games only been out for a month. I began to notice how many people have run into that gurgitate the same thing that content creators stay. practically for word for word. I say this because I think this is part of the problem that the community. I say this because content creators like yourself and a great deal of them are spewing out their opinions well neglecting the fact that most people aren't playing as much as you are in the first place. in my opinion a large point of people complaining about 7 to 9 being so difficult are individuals who aren't really learning for themselves how to deal with the levels. that being said the community cried about it so much at least those who are loudest instead of learning different ways to handle situations. now the devs made a change based on the complaints.... at most part the game is fine how it is, it doesn't need to revert back to the release. however a new MAP just came out and you're playing it and making your opinion far too early. which I imagine anyone who's like myself who's a critical thinker doesn't believe that you actually care about the state of the game outside of what content you can make if you yourself are going to spew out your opinion after one day. it's not perfect it never will be however if you haven't gathered it yet this game's going to continue to have constant updates. and a game that was 40 bucks with fraction of a AAA team i think you content creators are forgetting this aspect.... unless your intention like many others is to convert back to making negative content I'm not saying that you personally do but it is the trend that tends to come after all the positive.... I'm literally half awake reply and so forgive me lol
Didn’t they say they were gonna lower how many bigger enemy spawn?
"You need more synchronization with your team and better usage of your stratagems. On top of your skill issues." -Says the player that doesn't play over medium difficulty.
Just give us the Pre-Nerf RailGun and its fine
This mission is pretty aids but I've noticed the best thing to do is to do multiple silos at once
Sorry for sai what i'mg going to say, but.....i mean, this is a problem if they was only one difficulty lvl. But you go on hard mode and you complain that... its hard and almost impossible. I mean at the beggin of the game people was making lvl9 difficulty mission solo as tuto, this is not how the " extreme" difficulty should work. Lvl7,8,9 difficulty should be so hard your not even sure of succes, now its a "standard" mission for most of peope.  I want mission like that when i dont know if i'm going to lose or win, if you dont like that press lvl5difficulty buddy
Cry about it.  Go play farming simulator.
Don't know the mission type, classic brainrot
The crazy thing is, the spawn rates for heavies on 7, 8 and 9 are unchanged. At least in my case.   I play at 8 and only play 9 when I have a premade which is quite often. The only thing I’ve noticed is a massive increase in spawn rates of anything that isn’t considered heavy.  I still get 3 bile titans and 5-6 chargers at the same time but now there’s like 20 hunters preventing me from dealing with those heavies. There’s also like 10 bile spewers spitting on me like there’s no tomorrow.  My friends are having the same experience and it’s made the game way too tedious. Not difficult, just tedious.  The devs clearly haven’t made the correct change here.
I think the first step would be to fix the headshot hitboxes. You'd have been way more comfortable if you hadn't had to waste SO MUCH AMMO on headshots that just don't count. I don't care if there's a certain spot you have to hit, make it bigger.
this is my experience as well. its almost unplayable and makes me sadge
Surprise surprise a YouTuber who cant be bothered to learn the game mechanics.
Imagine being this terrible. Don't bring guard dogs, and be careful around the solo.  Pro tip, bring EMS mortar and Gas orbital to handle the waves without damaging the silos.  Bring EAT. You can use the hellpod to kill as well.   Learn to place your 500kg throw it, then run up and make the titan spit.  I did the silo solo with mech, gas, EMS and EAT... There are many support weapons laying around too... Also explosive barrels.  It's fun for me. The game was too easy before. If you don't like hard games then play it on easy difficulties.
Some of us don't like cake walks on higher difficulties. Others need to lower their difficulty...
I fail the first time doing this mission on level 7. Same with endless waves, chargers, BT. But after we noticed what to do, we did it easy. We had a strong defense, as every person had something different to help. Now I enjoy this mission.
This is in the new type of mission, which is probably why they're spawning so much.   I completed this type of mission on various occasions and I'm not saying isn't hard, but is perfectly doable, you just have to have good teamwork, protect the silos properly and if they took one down activate it again as soon as you can (you we're fighting bugs mindlessly for 6 minutes at least without activating the last silo, ergo wasting time and losing reinforcements for nothing)  Your team could also activate 2 different silos so all the enemies don't rally on just one point.  So I think you're exaggerating, I have no problems with this type of mission, you're supposed to activate the silos fast, protect them and basically get out of there in quick fashion because the bugs won't stop coming until the towers do their thing.  PD: I completed successfully this type of mission already 6 times (difficulty 9)  without feeling frustrated at all, with a good team perfectly doable, if the team doesn't work together you will lose and have a bad time, simple.  PD2: They have to fix the bug where you get stuck in water without dying thought, that is frustrating.
Haven’t run any missions since the update but from looking at this it does look bad honestly we need the guns to be better or the stratagems to have shorter cool downs
Skill issue man.. Use your stratagems man.. The rail gun was broken against stuff like this man.. This is justified because you chose a higher difficulty man..
Yes. You do need to be kinda sweaty to be able to make one of the highest difficulties go smoothly. The game is supposed to be challenging at that level.
Get rid of the titans that are there first before hitting the button again. It only spawns 2 titans after the button is pressed. If you keep pressing it before you clear out the field it’s gonna reset the spawn with what you still have left
I’m glad I’m not the only one who’s annoyed by vaulting the supply packs
I was playing the same mission on difficulty 6 with my friends(lvl 15-20) and we got like 15 bile titans(+of course an army of chargers). We failed in the end, cause we didn't had enough firepower. But on the other hand, Difficulty 5 was easy going. I dont think the Balance is right yet.
I'm all for a good trial by fire... but i wouldn't blame the game for my shortcomings. It took me three missions to understand how it worked and what strategems i should bring. Y'all tried to separate when what you needed to do was focus one objective at a time.
i mean it is intense but you guys managed pretty well for randoms
It's been said a lot and i hope you read it. This mission forcefully spawns enemies everytime you start a silo. The trick is to activate 1 silo. clear all enemies (even if you fail) before restarting.
Big gripes -Bile Titan spawns are immensely fucked.  -The fact that ammo pickup is the same distance as VAULTING, your guy will vault as you try to speed pickup the ammo...also the distance means if your ammo lands on a pebble, it's too high up for your helldiver to reach. -Finishing a mission, only for the game to CRASH WHILE CALLING THE PELLICAN is wiping my progress time and time and time again, and having extremely limited time to finish dailies, and in general just play the game? This is my biggest gripe, all I want to do is PLAY....and preferably play with my friends. I run 16gb ram, a 4080TI, a new gen Intel I7 processor. I should not be having crashing and stuttering issues...mind you Im running the game on MEDIUM. There is no graphics strain, the game just crashes.  I love this game to death, it is a blast, but the constant crashes with a near top of the line PC leaving me to run solo, or risk the whole mission crashing out, and the fact that these spawns are absolutely insane? Its hard for me with my very limited time to play to actually enjoy the game. :|  Some things of note though, the silos being reset spawn more enemies. The silo button spawns in these bugs, try clearing them first before restarting the silo run again. It will be much more manageable. (Yes this could be fixed by putting a cooldown on re-spawns of enemies)   A lot of this game has triggers spawning enemies, like starting a secondary objective, calling the pellican, running defend objectives, and yes, the silo objective here.
Honestly tho it seemed like eventually you guys would have got it. I'm not sure what you expect on highest difficulty but if the host didn't rage quit eventually I'd imagine you guys got it
Lol, played the same mission on lvl 8 and I didn't have so many heavy enemies. I think this match was bugged.
This is part of the game and I'm almost 99 percent sure ur teammates didnt kill the other bile titan and ur load out is meh af. Lol the game is supposed to be hard at that level. All I see is ppl that need better team work
I love the breakers, Incendiary was my main since launch especially. but they have no place late game and it makes me so sad
Is the reason he is getting so many 500k nukes, that he is using the eagle rearm option after he has used his two?
I would like to see the devs themselves show that they can handle this shit
This is why you play on lower difficulties when doing new missions…. So you can actually learn how to play it.
Bro why are you crying about Chargers and bile titans? The two easiest enemies in the game to completely avoid or kill. Chargers can never even hurt you as long as you are paying attention and you can just casually walk around them when they charge at you. Bio Titans can be ignored completely and avoided as long as you stay far enough away from them where they can't spit on you. I don't think you are cut out for any difficulty above level 6 because you just don't have the skill to win and do well
I’ve been enjoying your content, but a little feedback on videos like this one, maybe wait till you fully understand the objectives of new missions before posting, it’s definitely do able, just new is all.
Seems like an amount of Bile Titans spawn every time the silos are activated. So if a silo fails and resets and you quickly activate it before killing those Bile Titans even more will be added to the fire. I'm guessing one of your teammates just kept activating it.  After the update I haven't seen as many Bile Titans as this. So I really think it's that silo button explanation.  I guess it's just an issue of how the game handles waves in that mission type. Every silo activations seems to spawn a wave. So if a silo fails and you gotta reactivate it you gotta take a few minutes to reset the map by killing the leftover wave. Or else you'll have a leftover wave and a brand new wave popping into existence. There is not limit to how many Bug Breaches can be active at a time (if there is then it is pretty high). Since each silo activate spawns one you can't just keep activating it back to back after a fail.  Basically this mode needs the team to pace themselves after silo resets.  This would be solved if the game could detect a bug breach was already active (it probably already can) and disabled the bug breach spawn upon silo activation. Or maybe have it cap at two bug breaches. That's probably what they'll do if enough people complain.
They need to do something about Assault rifles. Now I gotta use the Stalwart to deal with the mountain of chaff over something else 😑 and using shotguns to deal with mediums/heavy
skill issue
Damm why everyone so mad at this game ? It's like someone is actively trying destroy it 👀. Love this game.
This new mission is not really meant to be Pugged and honestly they just should disable Qm in 7-9 for it (until 6 its pretty chill, even soloable, the jump is crazy). With communication, this Mission really isnt that bad, grab 4 ems mortars, communicate the engagements, drop in your mechs in a smart way, and Helldive really is not too bad. But again, this will NEVER work in QM.
Same exact thing to us last night on this mission 12 biles titans... We got it done, but man it was crazy. Also, when it's frozen with it's head off like that it's dead. Can't believe you got that many 😢
Hell divers a $40 colonoscopy
But they balanced it so you wouldn't be so reliant on heavy weaponry strategems. Lol
Have you considered that the higher levels are supposed to be ridiculously difficult, and that the game where teamkilling is a joke, and you can easily be left to die if the pelican leaves without you might be okay with putting you into no-win scenarios?
they need to revert the enemy spawns and quantity back to pre big update
So you hot drop with randoms and take a recoiless rifle that you're reloading yourself then complain that you cant kill armored targets fast enough.
Bro watching this guys stuff, you would think the game is awful. If you fail the on the objective, you need to clear out all of the bigs before starting the next so you don’t lose get overwhelmed. I know you didn’t know what the mission was, but this is an extreme case of your teammates screwing you. How many games of this did you actually play for this video was made? And first, it was too many chargers and titans, now there’s one tap options and it’s still not good enough, even though this is an extreme case. I played a few helldives of these missions last night and once I learned how the mission worked, we never had more than 2 alive ever.
New patch is fucking awesome lol level 8 seems perfect
this propaganda to turn heads away from the robot front.
In HD1 at the highest difficulties even experienced players doing everything right would fail missions. Some missions types felt plain impossible, but occasionally you'd get a win. I actually appreciate that the hardest difficulties are hard. When you do win, it feels more earned. More of the dark souls approach. You can always tone down the difficulty if you want more guaranteed success, so I don't see a problem with the 7-9's being balanced to be actual challenges.
bro your r playing on one of the hardest modes just change it lol
It's more fun IMO
Yeah if they dont entirely revert the spawns and AI to what they used to be before this whole fiasco, i worry for what might happen to the game
If you play this game and actively disable voice chat, the game isn't made for you and you should seriously go away and stop trying to force the game to suit you.
Dude i saved up for the breaker incen. And they totally fucked it beyond usability It's like 5 shots to kill a fucking hunter now, i can barely get past medium 😭
How is nobody comprehending how deliberate this is
Okay. So either this is a glitch or they secretly patched it afterwards. What I experienced several hours ago was just like what you were showing in the video. Level 7 with 15 titans. However, it turned out to be much easier last game I had. Only bout 6-8 titans and they didn’t spawn as groups. But whatever it was, it’s still ridiculous to have problems after problems. It is a great game in my opinion, but it’s sometimes frustrating.
Why are you wasting a rocket on a charger that's already going to be killed by the orbital laser? Do you not even realize they will always kill the charger and you don't have to worry about them? They aren't bile Titans
I did 2x Helldive missions yesterday. Can’t remember this many titans - that doesn’t seem normal. Maybe a glitch with the spawns? This seemed excessive
Luckily it looks like the did at least try and fix it with a patch yesterday. I can’t test if that’s true because I’m lv8 and still think lv 4 difficulty is hard
Yeah... well... git gud, turn down the diff or get a squad on comms. Did this last night on 7, yeah it was tough, yeah we lost all of our lives. Be we got it done. The hardest part of this mission is defending the silos. Once we got organized and put ppl at the entrances near the silo we were defending, it got much easier.
It's actually insane how bad you all are
I thought we should be able to close but breaches with grenades?
If you're having troubles figuring out what to do in this mission, maybe lower your difficulty to understand it and then bump it up so you don't waste time fumbling around while your team does the work
like the Devs said if you cant beat 8 or 9 its a skill issue
Devs: "We need to adjust the spawn rates of larger enemies, like bile titans. We can't have more than 3 at a time"  The one dev who's job it was: "Always 3 bile titans. Got it"  Full squad and i tried this mission last night on Diff.9  We managed to last the whole 40 minutes, eventually trading off on the regenerating reinforcement. We killed 22 fucking bile titans in that time, and only got 2/3 of the silos. We realized about 20 minutes in that the game will ALWAYS spawn a new one when you take one out, and the remaining 20 minutes was one person kiting all 3 while the rest of us tried to defend the silos against multiple simultaneous breaches and 6 chargers at a time.  2/10 game mode, it's amazingly fun on any difficulty below 7 but completely prevents getting a 3-out of-3 mission reward streak on 8 and 9, especially considering it's a guaranteed mission in every group for this week.
My first time running this mission we somehow finished the mission but everyone died. A teammate and I were  just kiting all the tanks and bunch of other bugs while the other two focused the objective. It was ridiculous!
this looks fucking glorious if this is the hard difficulty it looks perfectly fine but if this is the easy or normal difficulty where your not expecting to die often then its a problem your playing hell divers the lore implies that your a expendable beach softener doing missions to make it easy for the occupying military to just land and set up i expect hard mode to play like that harder difficulties might require a full esports comparable team rollplaying navy seals
Game is great to play right now, as long as you're not playing above difficulty 5.  Lol.
so you did the mission wrong and blamed game balance. Weird dog, really weird. You were saying the whole time you didn't understand the mission type either. Stop making people think it's not a balanced game when it literally is.
All these people that post  videos complaining about a "bRoKeN GaMe" before taking the time to figure out what they might be doing wrong first are the worst part of the success of this game.
Personally, considering how many times your teams mates restarted that final silo I didn't see much wrong with the spawn rates considering this is difficulty 8. You all cleared those first two silos well but your team kept shooting off to start the next one and I think that only worked for the first two because they had you cleaning up the remaining mess of the previous waves spawned from the silo starts. If they just waited a few minutes to clean up all the heavies and resupply before starting the 3rd silo this would have gone a lot better, your team acted like it was a 12 minute blitz mission when you get 40 minutes.  My only real gripe from watching the video is some of those bug breaches spawn disgustingly close to the silo which seems like a silly design choice if they are going to allow titans to spawn from them.
I joined one of these missions on difficulty 7? (suicide), and everyone raged quite except me. And I SWEAR that J.O.E.L was watching me make my final stand cause suddenly it felt like both the enemies AI and spawn rate dropped to easy. I cleared the whole mission solo after that without even having any new chargers spawn. it was weird, but i did thank J.O.E,L before extracting.
Bile titans have always fucking despised me, so i didnt feel that much difference frankly
Your playing the new mission which spawns enemies constantly once u turn on the silos? That explains the entire video your welcome
Bro why am I no surprised the people with 0 desire to communicate with their team, that put in 0 effort to understand the mission, who instantly go "well this is to hard" after one loss, are the kind of people STILL whining. Jfc. you won't be happy until the game starts, you kill one bug and get a "YOU WIN!" screen
I’m pretty sure levels 8/9 are designed for us to lose….. like a Dub on 8/9 is suppose to be considered a fluke. It’s crazy. It’s not about skills or management, it’s luck of spawn and aggro for those levels. Devs trolling
average guardsman experience:
It’s just this mission in particular and think the 2 arc tower will be essential for the little/medium bugs and everybody use heavy equipment to take down chargers and titans.
Cry cry cry, thats all i ever see from these video
Wasn't the main point of the last update to reduce the number of Chargers and Bile Titans? I am fairly certain they specified they reduced the number of heavily armored enemies and increased the number of small fry.
dude those missions are almost as broken as the defence civilians one. i swear this mission type was put in to counter two man teams handling lvl 7 and up missions.
These devs are braindead… seriously. We have indie devs and modders doing far better in terms of design choices. This is insane. These guys are victims of their own success
It’s the mission that does that if people keep hitting the button before clearing, you should just pull on extreme if you don’t like the way to spawn on higher difficulties
i dont know how they do it, but they ruin this game with every single update. 1 good change for 30 shit ones that we're never even told about. i genuinely feel like some rogue dev is just sabotaging the game secretly atp with how consistently worse it gets every update LOL
Sorry man, I loved your content for a bit but the negativity has become too much to stomach.
> Play a game on new patch > Complain about balance > State that your opinion is fact at the end  Nice vid tho!
To me, Difficulty 7 is the magic baseline the game should be balanced around for your averaged experienced player, given it's the lowest difficulty where Super Samples are available. Difficulty 7 should be manageable for pick up groups, without mics, who are LvL 25+, and who understand the game's mechanics. It should require bringing some sort of AT weaponry, but not require every single person to be speced for killing tanks, and perfectly space out their cooldowns. It should have chaotic engagements, but still allow for some time between engagements, and the opportunity for stealth.   At launch, this did feel like the sweet spot for me, as the above is how I generally play. I'm okay with struggling with Difficulty 8 and 9, as that's half on me for not having a coordinated group. Currently, Difficulty 5 and 6 feels closer to what 7 felt like at launch. I've just bumped my difficulty down now, as I only need 8 more Super Samples before everything's matched, but I could see how frustrating this all must be for people starting their Super Sample grind.
Finally someone made a video to talk about this, thank you.
Smartest terminids helldiver:
lol. The more people that ask for "impossible" difficulty and higher to be made easier, the more difficult they are going to make it.   its obvious they are doing that on purpose and I love it.  Difficulty 1-4 exists for you guys, so stop wasting feedback space for your little egos.
Welcome to the show...
I reached D7 yestreday and my first mission had 6 bile titans jump my team. It got so bad that i become designated demo guy because I bought the recoilless rifle in order to wipe the fuckers out.
Yeah, I stopped playing b/c of random spawning out of think air.  I don't have time to "get good" or analyze a setup for certain missions.  People acting like us complainers don't have jobs and responsibilities.
I think it's in a good state of balance because if the team managed to coordinate and not make blunders like wasting sentries on low ground it seemed doable, especially if someone actually completes the objective.
Beat this on hell dive yesterday with friends after 3 attempts. Couple things, #1 this seems like a special storyline mission type, aka mini boss arena type. Im not a 100% sure but based on the lore they gave us , this should purge the planets and lock them down from the bugs , which might be a win condition for defeating them in the entire war. ( in Hell divers 1,  wars were won and lost multiple times , its not just a single campaign ). Hence I do think the difficulty is warranted if it gives us that much of an edge in the war. #2 That is the right amount of enemies for fun and hectic gameplay, what is causing you and pretty much everyone grief is the bugs in the game. For example if you bring two guys with Spears,  you can easily stay ontop of the bio titan load IF they would just lock targets, it super buggy and you cannot rapidly lay down fire. Same goes for mech rocket glitch,  500 lb bombs being more deadly , drop pods not killing a bio when you go through their head, ect. Chargers after the patch are a none issue, they are mostly there to interrupt now.   I find the amount of enemies *chefs kiss* great but they really need to buff strats and fix bugs within the mechanics to resolve the unfun part of the game. Also on this mission , myself and a few friends died from completely random explosions, idk if it was a meteor that didn't render in or what, but you'd be walking and literally nothing touched you , and you would die from explosion. I played only this mission type on bugs last night, but I think the titan spawn rate might be limited to this mission, I'll see how it it for other mission types.  TLDR its not the spawn rate that is the issue, its the glitches/damage registration/bugs  of your equipment that is making it not fun.  One final thing to mention as it was your first time on this map,  its basically  a 4 objective map based on those giant batteries .  Your suppose to keep the bugs off them while they charge, then you do a similiar thing to the nuke launch at the landing pad and exit .  I was so jelous your titans wern't humping your batteries . We had issues where the Titans would ignore us and 1 vomit from them would kill the progression of the battery charge.
That shit happened with me and my friends yesterday and we were doing a 6! We had had 18 bile titans and almost no way to kill them because we thought we would have less heavies
I don't know what people are expecting taking on a brand new mission mode without learning the mechanics on such a high difficulty level... 😂
Who's we.  Lol the update has been great
I agree the amount of them is crazy but what I love about the game is the feeling of being swarmed and overwhelmed. These types of defend missions makes that even more difficult. If they keep bringing down the amount of enemies we will lose that feeling at higher difficulties.
i join a random who was a hacker. He was using the recoiless like a machine gun without recoil... even like that we got overrun many times...
Doesn’t the same amount of liberating a planet apply to all levels from 1 to 9?
I'm a simple man, this mission is not fun so I don't do them.
I had a game with a few friends last night where we played on hard and in the span   of 5 or so minutes we were met by 12 or so chargers. Always coming in pairs.  And if we had stayed, for sure more had come.  That's just too damn much for a lower level difficulty. Combined with all the bugs (not Terminids) we also have to cope with. This game is just too hard as it is atm...
Doesn't understand how to play the mission. Proceeds to complain about the mission without understanding it. What we have here is called an "intelligence failure" in military circles. Activating a silo spawns waves. If a silo fails, and you activate it again, it spawns more waves. Clear the wave before activating a silo.
Ok now play a normal mission like launch nuke and see if its the same. These new mission I think are ment to be very hard because if we win the bugs are screwed. So it would make sence that there fighting hard then ever to stop these towers.
Devs: "We turned down the amount of heavies and turned up the amount of chaff"  Devs: *actually didn't turn down the heavy spawns while still turning up chaff spawns*  Community: "It seems like you cranked heavy spawns, not reduced them"  Toxic CoD kids: "skill issue *drools vigorously*"
I just don’t understand why they can’t use a basic enemy that they can spawn in hordes AND can RAMP up as difficulty increases/time in mission goes up. Then all the special ones can be spawned in less quantity but still be effective and fun. Why do we need 50 bile titans, 150 hunters 150 chargers and 50 spewers and non stop emergence holes.  Every enemy is a bullet sponge and we only get like 8 mags. Coupled this with the fact that all of our stratagems take far to long to recharge for most not being that great. If they were devastating on the battlefield and recharged fast then great bring on the super hordes but that’s not the case.  If some mission types were true shit shows I’d get it but every mission you’re over run and not because the enemy marched across the landscape and overran you but because they spawned on top of you 7x times.  I also can’t stand the invisible walls that your hellpod finds. I know theres a perk to improve the handling but the invisible walls need to be fixed or toned down.  Lastly whatever bs prevents me from throwing my HMG or other sentries in GOOD defendable positions needs to be fixed to. I’m so tired of throwing it in a spot where a charger won’t just run it over for it to bounce and then land in an open field.  Games fun as fuck tho. Only need 1 more achievement the armless hulk one.
That looked manageable to me. Mech glitches aside (I lost all 3 mechs to that glitch in one deployment) they appeared to be handling the waves quite well. tErmz seemed to be going mostly solo the entire time, he desperately needed someone to be near him to provide cover/support and to finish off chargers/titans rather than expending the extra recoil shots to finish titans off. I'm hazarding a guess that they activated the batteries too close to each other which caused additional wave spawns.  looked like a ton of fun to me.  an i mean, your on the  highest difficulties.  It's supposed to be absurdly hard.  We can talk about if the rewards justify it, but making the hardest levels easier just means there is no more content worth playing.  Winning out on the max difficulties should be a struggle, it shouldn't be perfect, and you should high five your team even if you complete the mission but fail to extract.  You did Democracy well, Helldivers!
This game straight into, "Welp, guess I'll die now"
This is why I prefer robots
Honestly I found using the EMS strike a must for that mission. But the whole mission just felt way overtuned and it came down to RNG if you were gonna succeed or not.
I mean isn't the point of the game to heroically outlast impossible odds? If you keep asking for things to get nerfed then it's going to become kind of a trash game and every once they get tired of it let the harder modes be exactly that... harder
You do realize they’re just challenging us. Like sometimes it’s supposed to feel impossible on the impossible difficulties
And if you brought a slugger, you would have not been able to do anything as your swamped and insta gibbed by hunters..
You say you hadn't done the termicide missions yet and this clearly shows. Much like many of the higher level mission, stopping to stand and fight everything is really not the way to complete this mission, speed is usually the key at 7-9. If you stop and fight, you're always going to get overwhelmed by spawns. It's just more obviously visible on this new map mode because it's a singular area. I feel like the balancing for this one is close to the balancing issue that we had for the robot defence missions to begin with and will possibly be retuned slightly. Maybe next time try the new (unique?) mission on an easier difficulty before jumping in on level 8 and not knowing what you're doing thereby hampering your team.
This is so bizzare, im getting almost 0 bile titans in solo helldives but so many hunters and brood commanders that an airstrike granting 45 kills doesnt even dent it or stop the 5 bug breaches happening instantly
Before the patch it would have been 30 Titans.
A ton is 2000lbs
Dude, i understand that it's called Helldivers but damn this makes me not want to play for a while
what lol
There's this crazy concept called; If the game is too hard, maybe don't play on the hardest difficulty?
One thing I noticed with that mission specifically is that if your team keeps trying to turn on the silos the moment they take too much damage before clearing out the remaining enemies then you will have endless waves of heavies. Spawning probably works a little differently on these missions I'd assume. It probably keeps track of spawns based off of the current silo attempt rather than all the silo attempts is what I'd assume. I played one of these missions with a guy who kept hitting the button before we could clear enemies and my experience was quite similar but on a lower difficulty but then I tried it solo later and not nearly as many enemies or heavies would spawn since I would make sure to clear them out before attempting a silo again.
I left the discord over this crap and people telling you to bring better loadouts even on difficulties like extreme 4 bile titans and 6 god damn chargers on one battery tower station. I REALIZE it's meant to be difficult but Jesus Christ all at once is a bit much I can see if the bugs get angrier and they spawn in after one is killed or maybe two spawn but 4 at a time?
We completed that mission on helldive difficulty. I focused on setting traps to block them and then rest of my team used things that can handle armor and crowd control but ur mission had why too many biles df is that😂😂😂
ThE uPdAtE iS tHe WoRsT....*proceeds to play on higher teirs and is surprised that they are harder*....well yeah, thats the whole point?
So, you play an event mission on high difficulty where, what is happening, is sure to absolutely rile up the nids, and you are surprised that shit hits the fan from the go? The problem is what exactly? The self delete with mech exosiut missile and the supply vault, i understand.
Sub
The main issue that people don’t realise is when you press the buttons to active the generator it instantly starts a bug breach so actually communicate with your team before starting the wave i have done this missions on hell dive in public lobby’s and have been fine
Odd when me and my trio did level 8 we got it done with a titan or two per battery
Funny thing is that's still nothing compared to what my team deals with every mission. Tbf, this is still just diff 8 so it gets a pass
No offense but if you don’t want to sweat in public games, maybe don’t play on the hardest difficulty??
I had a similar experience in difficulty 6 only with about a 1/4 as many bile titans still when you don’t have 500kg and mechs you’re a little screwed
This game is still in unacceptable state.
I wish people would stop complaining about high-difficulty in the high level missions; it's getting so pathetic.
does the recoilless rifle one shot bile titans to the face? because if they do ill start running them over the spear because i love the spear but the targeting is so fucking clunky sometimes and its pretty annoying tbh
we did this with 3 people, 3 arc tower, 1 mine, 2 mech, orbital rails and auto cannon sentries for bile titan (somehow they can kill it faster if they can get headshots) then extracted.   Our first attempt was an epic fail but second run was a breeze since arc towers kills everything and we only focus on chargers and titans
If the Titans were not bad enough you get  meteor's for the cherry on the cake lol... was funny to watch though.
I think all this came along when ppl started kicking others for not having a meta build. And now it feels like helldivers said oh you looking for a new meta so you can kick random players? Well good luck finding one with these 6739 titians in your face
I mean, you're about to literally genocide them. They're going to throw everything at you. Helldives in 1 were this hard too. People still had fun. It's just a really hard mission type.
This mission is on the border of being undoable...from level 7 - 9  I haven't finished one in around 10 attempts as a lvl 50 with maxed out ship modules and everything unlocked/bought.
Those who say skill issue, come on stream your game, would love to see your excuses
the only way ive seen peope beat this mission is by spamming smokes to defend the silos 😭
New annoying bug: trying to walk over a bile titan corpse (theres gonna be a lot of those based on my experience), it’ll glitch out and fling you a couple feet in the air, but does infinite fall damage, insta killing you.
It's almost pure RNG if the 500kg or the Drop pods will damage whatever they hit it seems. I've seen it several times where a 500kg went off directly underneath a Titan that was already damaged by an airstrike or a orbital rail cannon, and it did absolutely nothing. I've also seen where a 500kg went off outside a Titans legs and dropped it like a sack of potatoes lol
On a helldive level mission we had so many titans we all lost count, it was probably 30+
All I’m saying, the difficulty is called impossible….
game = good  balance = bad
I was able to do the same mission on difficulty 8 and succeed, but it did take communication and A LOT of mortars. However, after 5 attempts of Helldive 9, we were able to do at most 1 silo. Needless to say, Helldive 9 TCS is truly impossible
They should tweak the missions where you have to hold out in one area vs the larger maps. This isn’t a big deal on larger maps. When things get too hot I rotate to another objective.
So u and some randoms where able to kill 21 titans.
Weirdly enough, more than half of D7 missions are harder than helldive difficulty. I
since the nerf on railgun is a shitshow of a game
Are you ones of those guys that complains about everything?  Also wants everything to be so easy that the game becomes mindlessly easy. This game is all of 5 weeks old and the dev team surely didn't expect this level of player base.
my guy, you are playing difficulty 8, if you cant take it, dial the difficulty down
i mean it is wayyyyyy easier now.  there are many instances where you dont get spammed by biles or chargers like before. i dont get what people are complaining about
And to be fair, i like it! I like fighting hoardes of bugs and many titans! BUT FUCKING SHIT WHY DID YOU NEED TO NERF RAILGUN?? It was so amazing!!!
In my experience with this mission type, the whole team needs to be in synch in order to be effective. Stay as close to the sillos as possible, instead of spreading out to focus on clearing out the heavies. As with any mission, the longer you're in an area, the worse things are gonna get. In and out, ten minutes or less. That's the key.
so YOU and your team are fing up the quest by constantly reactivating the silos and spawning wave after wave, yet you still manage to blame the game? pathetic
They 100% need to reset. That's when the fun was and I personally wasn't even running meta on lvl7-9
The amount of biles in the TCS mish I did last night was insane.
Well that was insane
Pre update me and a friend played a game on Helldive. In 2 missions we had to deal with 42 Bile Titans......I recorded the gameplay and counted them. "Just use your Stratagems" 380 second cooldown, 50% longer cooldown, 100% longer call in time and one less stratagem slot. Weapons are weak AF, railgun is nowhere near as good as it used to be and the overall spawnrate of heavies and titans NEEDS TO BE CAPPED!!!! Seriously, if you killed X amount of heavies or super heavies on a certina difficulty mission, none more should spawn.
I don't appreciate that you use an overly negative narrative. We were all told the terminids were getting out of hand, so going into these it's obvious it'll be tough. Your team also rushed through the task, as many others noted will spawn multiple breaches. On top of all that you were still able to handle the mission. Making the game out to be so awful is a disservice to the devs and community. If you really have an issue with high difficulties being difficult, go play lower levels.
balance aside, this honestly just looks like most of the team didn't understand how to achieve the objective.. But I suppose I should just stay quiet about that right?  Because even though you say you like the discussion, you also don't want to be told you're potentially doing something wrong, yeah?
could ve been 5 times worse, If Im not constantly swarmed with bugs and 5 Bile titans at the time, It's not hard.  Though I wish the game also was a bit more rewarding
hit em with the chain lightning
This match was definitely an outlier and not the usual. I've not seen nearly this much titan spam since the update.
If 90% of the stratagems werent completely worthless against BTs, maybe we could actually "rely on our stratagems"
Dont understand how the mission works "UPDATE IS SO BROKEN"
Gives Joel the side eye - this is all very sus.
I love the hardcore fanboys who pretend like nothing is wrong, or actually defend the shit the devs have been doing.
wahhhh the game is hard wahhhhh wahhhh wahhhh its too hard wahhhh wahhhhh wahhhh
TL;DR K1 and A4 spammed Silo 03's activation a lot, spawning in way too many Titans to deal with at once. Each Silo activation can spawn (in my experience) up to 3 Titans, so it's really not a button that should be spammed.  A more detailed analysis of this mission as a whole:  1. It's a Termicide mission, meaning you have to activate the central tower once (which was already done when you landed), then activate and defend the three battery silos. The silos are like the geothermal objectives -- they will spawn (in my experience) 2-3 breaches every time they are activated. However, the silos have limited health (and are damaged by friendly fire!), if they take too much damage they will reset.  2. You dropped in at around T-33:00, meaning your team had played for 7 minutes roughly by the time you showed up, and had already thrown an SOS beacon. You also had 14 reinforcements left at that time, so your teammates had died 6 times by then.  3. K1 (host) activates Silo 02 about 5 seconds after you drop in, and it's immediately at the critically unstable (taken lots of damage) phase. Not completely sure why that is -- there IS a charger on the other side of it (1:07) that may have dealt some damage, or perhaps a stray rocket or bullet spray damaged it as it activated. I believe this Silo activation is responsible for titans #1, #2, #3, and #4. Your team kills 3 titans in relatively short order, and the Silo is successfully activated. This will be the only Silo activation that goes well.  4. Hunters are really annoying now, I agree.  5. Titan #5 seems to be a patrolling Titan, as I didn't see a breach that spawned it. It's teamed up with Titan #4 (or #3?), one of the Titans spawned by Silo 02's activation.  6. (3:27) Presumably at about T-30:00, somebody (I think either K1 or A4) activates Silo 01. This will spawn Titans #7 and #8. #4 is still prowling the map, and I believe #6 appears from a patrol as well. Despite all this, the team does manage to (barely) defend Silo 01. It's been about 4 and a half minutes, and you've completed 2/3 main headaches. There are now 4 titans roaming the map, but as long as nobody activates Silo 03 you should be able to handle it.  7. (4:23) Titan #9 appears out of thin air. Again, I'm assuming that it's meant to be part of an enemy patrol. This is the fourth patrolling Titan I think, which wouldn't be too bad if they weren't teaming up with all of the ones spawned in from the rapid Silo activations.  8. (4:57) At about T-27:30, somebody (again either K1 or A4) activates Silo 03. Keep in mind that Titans #6? and #9 are still on the map and approaching the team. This activation will spawn Titan #10. To my knowledge, all three remaining Titans are wiped out before the next activation.  9. (6:10) At about T-26:00, somebody (I think it's A4 this time) activates Silo 03 again. This spawns in Titans #11 and #12, and the incoming meteor storm makes short work of the Silo (and you).  10. Titan #13 seems to have spawned in from a bug breach of some sort -- either a regular breach or by another activation from K1. If it is an activation, the fact that an orbital laser is targetting Silo 03 means that it failed immediately. Hey, free Bile Titan :D  11. (7:40) At about T-23:00 (judging from how the bar is half completed), A4 has again activated Silo 03, which spawns in Titan #14. After taking it out, the team is "out of ammo, stratagems on cooldown, etc.", and your team shows a surprising amount of restraint by waiting until everyone is reinforced and resupplied before activating Silo 03 again.  12. (8:26) At almost exactly T-20:00, K1 again activates Silo 03, spawning in Titans #15 and #16. The latter seems responsible for shutting down this activation.  13. (9:02) 45 seconds after the last activation (at T-19:15), A4 yet again activates Silo 03, even though Titan #16 is standing right there next to him. This spawns Titan #17, and of course the activation fails yet again.  14. (9:23) At this point, your team has taken out Titan #17. Your reinforcements are on cooldown, K1 is dead, your mech is out of HMG ammo, but the team has a valuable few moments to clear the chaff, regroup, resupply, and get ready.  15. Or not, because A4 decides that even while 1 teammate will be dead for another 40 seconds, it's a good idea to reactivate Silo 03. (this happens about 5 seconds after Titan #17 is killed, judging by the progress bar). This will go poorly, obviously, but it does spawn Titan #18. Hey, free Bile Titan yet again :D  16. (10:08) At about T-16:00, someone (at this point it could be anyone) reactivates Silo 03 yet again, which spawns in Titan #19 and fails at about 27%. Hey, free Titan again. I suspect #20 was spawned by this activation as well.  17. (10:40) Without any breaches going off nearby, I can only assume Titan #21 was a patrolling Titan that decided to join his buddies.  18. (11:17) After dying one too many times, K1 decides to end the mission.  Out of the 21 Titans counted in total, 15 were definitely spawned by Silo activations, with perhaps another 2 also being caused by activations. Based on the fact that K1 and A4 were the ones activating the silos the majority of the time, I suspect they didn't know that activating silos causes Titans to spawn. If they did know, they were just being reckless and trying to rush an objective that they had 27 minutes to complete (by the time they reached Silo 03 and first activated it).  I don't think C2 activated Silo 03 at all, he seemed to be the most competent of your three teammates. K1 and A4 definitely should not have been spamming Silo 03's activation, and possibly they shouldn't be attempting difficulty 8 at all.  Now, I'm not defending the devs' decision to have 2-3 Titans spawn on every activation, but I am pointing it out. Armed with this knowledge, hopefully the Termicide missions will become a lot easier for everyone who reads this.
I played one of these missions last night on difficulty 5. I lost count of the number of bile titans that showed up, and we never even managed to finish one of the objectives.
Smells like a bitch in here
Do you and everyone want/need to play the highest difficulty?  Revert the game to when it was easier?  Play a lower difficulty?  You just sound so pained to be playing.  Some of my friends love full blown chaos of the hell dive.  Other friend have their will to live sapped at the hint of a struggle.  Do what’s fun.  Personally I’d rather not be stuck in a situation of let’s say darktide where you have no options left to increase difficulty.
My current optimistic view of this is that Joel is purposefully making the bug missions harder temporarily to sort of signal that they are getting stronger and may be a problem closer to super earth. And then once those planets gain missions and we get new major orders the bugs will go back to "normal" after we complete the orders
Just watching your team, not successfully finished one silo at time made me cringe and then at the end of this video you had to complain about the horde of waves. Well if you didn’t know, more waves spawn every time you click the button for a silo so if you click all three silos well you get that kind of game good luck on your next one cadet.
This is just a salty moan from a guy who clearly has no clue what he is on about. Imagine a game being a real challenge on a harder difficulty, unheard of!
Just lower your difficulty wtf
I think the bile titans are spawning so much here because of how spread out you guys are. You need to stay in closer group and really pick your fights
Your on level 8 difficulty what did you expect 💀 it says impossible for a reason sir
Jesus 3 recoiless rifle shots to the face plus an orbital laser and the titan was still alive and kicking
GIT GUD
Posting on the reddit explaining how these changes have made this game not fun are met with get good or go down in difficulty... Which makes it impossible to have a proper conversation about how bad this game feels compared to launch. I may shelf this game till they figure out how to deploy changes in a way that don't break the game entirely. Smh it was fun while it lasted
They ruined this game in all but 4 weeks
but hey thank god they nerfed the railgun and gave us the self destructing paper mech
Handled the beginning really well. I'm impressed! Definitely looks unsustainable though. I'm probably just going to wait for a while before getting back into helldivers. Will be playing some more of deep rock galactic. Since that game is actually fun for me lmao. I think the main thing I don't like about this game is the heavy reliance on ordinance. Only because I feel the majority of ordinance in the game is useless. Except for turrets and special weapons. If I were to get one thing from this game, I'd choose stronger primary weapons. Because they all feel shit and they're going to be throwing more into that pile with the new warbond. It's unfortunate because this games really good. I love playing on max difficulty. But for a game like this I'm fine with doing difficulty 7 the majority of the time. Currently though that's not really fun for me.
Played this exact mission last night and got up to a bile titan count of 20… needless to say my team and I didn’t make it lmao🤣
You guys rushed the mission and triggered multiple waves of enemies at the same time, then triggered more every time you failed and pressed the button again. This doesn't happen if you take the  mission slower, 1 silo at a time (you have 40 min) and focus on clearing the smaller enemies quickly. Less popular options that provide cc (like the emp) or continuous area denial (like the electric tower) actually make this pretty easy. Heavies also don't target the silos, only players so they don't actually have to die. The update isn't bad... you guys are.
Everyone complaining about the game being to hard just play on level 7 or below until your ready for 8 and 9 smh.
2:46 why are you still there, why are you reloading when a horde is comming from behind? This is insane, the level of ignore present danger is mad. And fucked up thing is bile titan 4 haven't even move yet.
Def would of helped if you guys did the last silo instead of fighting lol. I was confused AF my first time doing this mission.
No lie it is a bit of a skill issue go down to lower difficulty if you don’t want a challenge no hate intended. Difficulty 9 is peak for me.
I feel like Arrowhead will ruin this game with all the stuff they're trying out. The other thing is, randoms just rage quit missions when it gets overwhelming, leaving you with less team mates and wasting time until you fail the mission.
Level 8 needs everyone with an ems mortar. Did about 9 of them last night. Stay at one silo. Starting multiple ones causes more and more waves.
Yup, bandwagon fake clout/clickbait hype on its way up, now the fake clout clickbait rage on its way down. Good old social media.
I believe that the dev punishes experience.
we did that version on 7 difficulty we only saw 2 titans so i dunno why you get so many.
Why don’t you understand the mission before you clickbait the shit out of it.
I mean it is a hoard shooter but that's crazy. Remember when people complained it was too easy? Yeah I blame you lot
Man, the game isn’t even fun anymore…. It’s like they’re balancing the game around us always being in a mech
Buddy built his whole argument around his experience playing the mission in the absolute worst way possible.
People should also stop pushing the silo button before clearing a wave, as pressing the button starts spawning new waves.
I just did a D6, a frickin D6, for the Termicide towers and 4 fucking bile titans spawned in at once followed by 4 chargers. I didn't have enough EATs for all of them and all our strategems were on cooldown. Each update messes up the game.
I'm not sure about your analysis. It seemed like you guys were doing great handling everything. The only bad thing that happend is your host DC'd. And also, your team was slow to get the objectives done. Some one needs to do the objectives. All 4 people on your team running in circles killing everything isn't going to win the game. This map/mission is essentially a tower defense mission. It is what it is supposed to be. Let's be fair, On difficulty 8 you guys were doing so well. I don't see an issue. I think its fun.
Finally someone honest about the state of the game holy fuck. I bought this game for 3 people I loved it so much literally all my friends are playing it and I seem like the only honest person in my friend group this team sucks zero logic sorry not sorry nerf guns to nerf spawn rates and this is state of balance lol
The balancing of this game getting silly
Never go past Difficulty 7.  Any higher is just a poor experience thats not balanced well.  I dont think Helldive is really that hard either it just forces you into the same playstyle every dive.
mfw hard mode is hard
looks like you had fun I see no problem here :D
This mode is an endless mode type, everytime you kill a bile titan another one spawns because its supposed to be 3 and 4 chargers. This is like a base for the termids so of course is gonna be harder specially on high difficulty. Youre supposed to get the termids away from each tower you activate, the more people are in a match. The more termids there are. This is nothing compared to the illuminate, this is why i know its a skill issue, if you cant handle high difficulty then play lower and stop complaining
There's an incredibly annoying bug where it won't let friend requests/accepts to go through. I've submitted a support ticket but it would be great to get some veterans on board with contacting Arrowhead. New players can't play with their friends as of now. Thank you comrades.
YUP! SAME SHIT HAPPENED TO US LAST NIGHT! NOT FUN! WE HAD 5 BILE TITANS AND 6 CHARGEFS... PLUS THE REST!  NO FUN AT ALL! GONA TAKE A BREAK!
Idk man, I did the same mission this morning and it was tough but still go through it no problem. A lot of people don’t fully know how to play this game and rather than accepting that they’re not skilled enough to play the higher difficulties they sum it up as being too hard for them. There’s a reason there’s 3 tiers for each difficulty, if you’re not good enough to do level 8 or 9, do a level 7. If that’s still too hard play level 6 until you’re comfortable doing a 7
Here’s an idea that every single Developer should right down and read each night before bed. “Don’t change the gameplay and mechanics of your massively successful game” a concept so simple yet so foreign to every single online game that has ever existed. Your game is popular for a reason, why spit in the face of that reason and try to change things that don’t need changing. Every single online game I’ve ever played has had updates that ALWAYS make it worse. How about simply reserving updates for fixing bugs and adding new content, NO gameplay or mechanics changes. So frustrating seeing the same mistake being made over and over again, I feel like I’m Bill Murray in Groundhog Day.  Seeing as the helldivers devs like their little quotes such as “a game for everyone is a game for no one” I’ll give em a nice little quote: “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it”
So in this situation the devs just want you to fail the mission? I'm surprised people didn't just leave after a while. Funny how they wanted to "improve" the community by ridding it of farmers/meta slaves yet all they did was introduce discourse and divide the community with their dumbass balances and stealth buffs to enemy spawns
The sheer amount of titzns and chargers might be because the thermicide is boosting the bugs reproduction instead of halting it
I think Its just this mission that has Titan spam, because other missions are nothing like this. activating the Silo also spawns them in.
This was doable with prenerf railgun bug with ps5 players. We were so close to finish difficulty 8 with 3 people but unluckily my mech got blown up so we didn’t have enough firepower to clear the trashmob and failed at like 90%. Also it’s weird since we faced a good amount of bile titans, but not this many
i dont get it why do people walk toward the bug then complain the bug melee you? Back in HD1 you get down in like 2 hit and have to crawl away, Hd2 is such a luxury to mobility this is insane.
Lmao, such cope. My buddy drops a recoiless i drop a supply pack, he picks up my pack, I pick up his. I help load his rockets and he resupplies me when I'm out. I bring down a GL to help with the small critter and spewer rushes. Just a little cooridation goes a long way. We've had two other friends defend points using mechs, and randos do the same with stalwarts, mechs and GLs. If you're having bug problems I feel bad for you son. These things are easy compared to bots
That... and also the game crashing on 30% of missions I've done (since the last patch today).
Real talk, this is what a game should be.   Not sweaty, but ive always been looking for a game where the objective seems nearly impossible. That's what made videogames so wonderful back in the day. Actually being able to fail. Im not the highest lvl Helldiver, but watching videos like this encourages me more because I want to face those challenges and push to complete them.
Starship troopers extermination does the horde fights better
I'm actually very upset with their direction of development. I watched so many videos about the company of developers, about their thoughtful development, and what I now see is the most idiotic approach in the world. I don't want to be toxic, but damn this game is about fun, their heavy changes to the balance of the game not only contradict themselves, they also break everything the game was based on. So far, I have noted 4 of their dubious decisions and really hope that they will abandon their approach. 1 railgun nerf 2 inability to land on high objects 3 decrease/increase spawn 4 protective backpack nerf If anyone has information on where you can send your opinion to the developers so that they can listen/not listen, let me know. I am ready to explain my position in detail. I can justify each of these points. I just played defense against bugs and there were 2 titans and 5 chargers and  it was literally an automatic victory, it’s obvious that we need to stop with the spawning of beetles, let there be a chance to get 20 titans, this is an element of difficulty, but damn it, why weaken us so that later 20 titans will be an unbearable burden? Imagine a "meta" backpack that could help with this, the backpack won't kill 20 titans, but it will help you survive, it will help charge stratagems, it's all connected dont you see, aahh, I'm just so angry and upset.
Honestly it really didnt look that bad. Was way worse before the patch. Had 4 to 5 titans spawning from the same hole at the same time.
All you do is bitch and moan about the game while roaming around with no clue as to what youre even doing.   I lead the team in kills with breaker incendiary, it is definitely a good choice for clearing chaff. It one shots all the bug trash mobs as long as you let the fire cook for a bit, you cant let them get close.
I feel like a,  - Orbital gas strike - mech -EAT - Tesla tower   Build is the best for this mission type, gas and Tesla won’t hurt silos, EATs wipe chargers and Mechs wipe Bile titans.
Ermz Plays didn't realize that his team was spawning the Bile Titans, stop pressing the silo button unless you are ready to defend it
1 shotting chargers with the recoil less rifle is so much fun tho
It was a PUG, you didn't understand the game mode, and you are frustrated at a high difficulty level? Truely challenging coop group games require understanding and teamwork to win. Highest difficulties SHOULD be impossible for public groups that don't understand the game mode's objectives.
Yeah their promise of "less titans and chargers" is complete bullshit. The only thing they did do they said was the more lights that spawn. The mechs are worthless, the headshot weakness is not that great or easy. Yeah if you are a sweaty esport that never see sunlight it is doable but most players are not and the player base is going to start leaving if they keep nerfing the guns, releasing crap glass mechs, and increasing spawn rates with not enough ammo to deal with them.
The start of the video says it all, if you don't know what the mission is about... You can't handle everything properly. As other users said, each time ypu reset a silo, more bile titans appear. There's nothing wrong with the game (despite the final black screen)
I'm seeing a couple of loadout issues here: 1. Breaker Incendiary is overrated. The stock breaker is still the best overall primary despite the nerf, which really calls into question why it was nerfed in the first place since it just makes people feel bad without changing anything. If you dont like that, take the Liberator or Defender. 2. A Gatling Turret instead of the Autocannon Turret? Really? Believe me, the Autocannon sentry will deal with just about everything as long as you stop it getting jumped by Hunters. It easily penetrates heavy armour (its a bigger gun than the support weapon Autocannon), does a lot of damage and as generous ammunition supply. 3. Stop taking 500KG unless there's a modifier that prevents you from effectively using Orbital Precision Strike (which is basically better, lower cooldown and the same AOE for a slightly longer call-in time). Orbital Railcannon is a more reliable but lower damage and longer cooldown alternative. 4. There's lots of chokes on this map so you can use a well-placed Tesla tower as long as you're mindful of charger pathing. 5. Whatever AT you bring wont be enough, bring EAT as well.  The loadout I use? 1. Autocannon Sentry (put it somewhere high and off to the side, plenty of flat raised plateaus around the batteries) 2. Patriot mech (14 rockets is double the amount of rockets that the Recoilless gives you) 3. Recoilless (its still bad but the charger nerf really helps) 4. Expendable Anti-tank (fills in the gaps and extends the ammo of your Recoilless by a lot over an extended battle where you have to defend specific points, which is exactly what this mission is).  No Orbitals isn't great and I like big explosions too, but you have to change what you use to account for static defense. Don't take mortars either.
Its like Arrowhead is hellbent on ruining their game with arbitrary difficulty.
I only did this mission with a railgun bug. Where it two taps titans in a head, if u have ps5 player in your team
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INdEl9V9nQs Meanwhile on Helldive.
I think past difficulty 6 is where the game stops being fun for me. There's an ebb and flow between encounters that makes Helldivers really enjoyable but that stops being the case with difficulties 7-9, where it becomes an endless slog against wave after wave of enemies and missions can snowball out of control when you reinforce without any of the gear you need to survive for longer than 30 seconds.
In this mission if you keep pressing the button over and over without being prepared for the wave it'll summon, you just keep summoning wave after wave.  So if you want the waves and bile titans to stop, Stop pressing the button!  Seems like a teamwork issue more than anything, I mean they literally gave you control of when the waves spawn, and the bugs aim for the silos to boot....  Once again try the lower difficulties find out how the game, and different mission types work before moving up to the higher difficulties...  Specially on mission types you've never played before... it doesn't look good on your part to go in blind, and then make video about how bad it went when you did so... like what did you expect? Maybe take some time to figure stuff out before making another video???
I'm honestly convinced the devs don't play their own game. At least on higher difficulties.  Albeit, this is mostly because they claim the autocannon is balanced
Yeeaa- Even on diff 6, there was 2 bile titans! Every time we pressed the button It seemed. We had no reinforce at all, and got out by the skin of our teeth.. It was truely hell Itself.  (No pun Intended, It was even hard to exfil!)
The issue in this video is that it is a pretty new mission so some people don't realice.  What happened was that your teammates kept reactivating the silos before clearing the bugs, so each time they activated it, it spawned more and more bugs, including titans.  The thing to do is to clear before reactivating so you don't get overwhelmed. And resuply before activating to have enough supplies to defend the silo.  I don't blame you. It was your first time in the mission, and you entered in the middle of it without time to notice these things.
Complains about 'toxic positivity' while going the complete opposite end of the scale at the same time... Game is not in a great spot, but give it some time before titling your videos like this, adding sad music and continuously bashing a game that's been out for about a month. Critique is well warranted, but adding a splash of positivity is not 'toxic'.
Playing on anything over 5 or 6 is almost impossible. The heavies are insane. The clear increase in the smaller bugs make lower level missions actually fun and challenging.
i find that taking out the titans stomach then going for the killing blow usually takes it out in one go, now don't quote me on this but i believe taking out its stomach takes out not only its pitting but also like %50 of its health.
Wait? If the host leaves it ends/fails the mission? No host transfers?
They're trying so hard to correctly balance the game but in the end, the real good difficulty is when it's still fun. Like when you have to micro-manage a lot of stuff and call it out to your team. But you have to have enough utility to DEAL with the amounts of enemies. The devs are too afraid to make the game fun. The game was fun the first weeks from release, until they rolled out the balance patch with the silent AI buff. I used to even play solo and have fun with the manageable difficulty, but the devs ruined it for me and the community is cringe with their "skill issue" claims.
This video is flagged for treason.
Youre not entitled to an easy game, show me this is more difficult than classic games hard mode like halo and id agree, max difficulty is for max skill
This might be the last game I buy. I had such high hopes for this game at first, but once again we were sold a pipe dream. These companies aren’t making game for the people anymore. It’s all about hot fixing them to make it nearly impossible to have fun and play. I can’t even blame the “get good community” because easy company claims garbage like balance issue and “we didn’t intend” blah blah blah. How do you release a nearly perfect game then edge it towards being unplayable in just a month???
And ?.......getgud......🤣.....GGs
The spawns are broken because YOU had to activate those anti terminid towers. Which in turn mutated the terminids to allow them to breed 20x faster.
The fix was to reduce the amount of bile Titans and Chargers on screen at once, not the amount you'll face throughout a mission.   On top of that, your team was not very smart and constantly activating the things without clearing out a wave first.  That's how this mission type works, when you start up a silo at summons. A large wave, if you're silo gets destroyed while the wave is still there and you start it up again, now you have two waves to deal with.  Not your fault! Just a small lack of understanding.
I have no idea how this mission works, time to rant on youtube. In an ironic twitst, this video is the best example off: No the game isn't broken and unbalanced, you literally just need to get good. Like learn how the game or in this case the mission works, before whipping out a pitchfork.
somebody needed to say it and you did thank you. I have had a question since the rebalance maybe you can help..... it's not ok for the railgun to 2 shot the armor off a charger's leg in unsafe mode after charging it to almost blow us up and then we then have to switch to our primary gun and after half a clip kill it.... but its ok for a EAT or recoils to 1 shot it to the head?
Too easy now
With the new mission every time someone presses the button to start the process it spawns new bug holes. So if you start more then one it gets crazy.
Glad someone on youtube is bashing them
So much for nerfing spawn rates, huh, Johan?
u guys are spamming the buttons, it spawns waves everytime you do it. LEARN whats going on before post anything and stop complaining -_-
bro its so funny, the EXACT same people who complained about people "using meta" are the same people who scream skill issue when you complain about 50 chargers cornering you
Yeah this really screams lack of knowledge and experience with what your doing more then the game needs changing ngl. I dont whole disagree that the game needs some tweaking but definitely not to the extend your wanting.
This is happening at sifficulty 6 not sure why the issues at 7 8 and under havent been mentioned by parches etc.
I think it's the mission because normal reinforcements can be called and when the objective gets hit it force spawns more bug holes causing multiple breaches
Lol your team kept pressing the button that spawns lots of bugs and then instantly failing the mission because you didnt deal with the previous wave.  So yeah... this is a skill issue You completely failed to understand the mission
Omg we really play together today ? Very very cool love your vids. Nice.
We did a full operation on this difficulty tier yesterday and it went fine. Even 3 maned the third mission. You weren’t even playing the objective. Difficulty lvl 8 is called impossible. If you can’t handle it bump it down a tad maybe?
Revert the game,  boost all primary weapons
Isnt spendable rockets better? you get em every 1 min and if 2 or 3 get it its infinite rockets, you cant really risk reloading that many times if it is an ammo issue
Or hear me out play on a different difficulty,
Im not going to defend the people making this game, but genuinely your team wasnt doing the objective Spent a whole lot of time fighting the endless hoard for the sake of fighting them while nobody had hit the button to activate the silo
The difficulties in 7-9 are basically interchangeable, 7 can randomly be as hard or harder than 9, and 9 can be as easy as a 6, it all depends if the game decides to say "!@#$ you"
The ONLY reason I got this done first try is because I only really join from the table to help ppl. I just happened to join some dude doing it on 2 so I just jump packed around reading the objective and figuring it out.   Side note: does anyone else have that? Occasionally when I join a random match  it just gives me a random difficulty. In this example I wanted to try it on 6 and got a dude doing it on 2...weird.
then simply play easier mode. .. problem is, some guys are so good, they need this difficulty (not me)
Worse? This is awesome lol, exactly the type of hard-team oriented content im looking for.
When you throw your teammate out as a stratagem, marking the target helps guide them.
All these youtubers dont know how to like a game. They grew up in a time where all you do is complain when you cant do the hard shit then quit and say the games crap. Just play the fucking game. Its a game. Its not your whole world. It was even fucking cheep as shit. We cant even complain about price man.
Here we see the youtubers lying and trying to add fuel to the fire.
The host probably left because no one was doing the mission objectives
This is why the rail gun was so prevalent, other then the PC bug that 4x timed a players DPS, it was the only really effective weapon to take on armor since a whole team can use all their air strikes and bombs and turrets and still be swarmed by BT and Chargers.   now the rail gun even with safety off and fully charged now bounces off of armor and requires almost half the magazine to get some breathing room. especially since trying to shoot their weak points is way more risky with 7+ chargers running around  now in this one hes doing the Silo mission type but this type of spawning is prevalent everywhere else.
Maybe its this specific mission type? Not sure, I haven't played 7+ since yesterdays update.
You guys make so much noise and wonder why so many spawns
Shits gotta be hard, stop complaining femboys
It so sad to see a great game self sabotage
I did lv7 it's fine but today I tried lv8 today... got overwhelmed.... I think the only way is a really good teammate to reload your weapon. and the sentries.
Gotta love the orbital railcannon, doesn’t one shot a titan and takes 5 min to recharge 😂
Man, It is was insane, but at the same time so fun to watch this video!!!!
Not gonna front on whether its 'balanced' or not, but i've yet to have a match this bad on Helldive let alone the step down from it. Guess i've been lucky with spawn rates and not pulling aggro; but yea this is fucked with 20 titans.  Rocket Glitch is a super annoying problem, shotgun nerf just makes me run Jar-5 Dominator instead because damage and pen, almost IV drip attached to the Arc Thrower these days because it can kill anything while jetpack lets me kite the battlefield. Yet to see a reason to be a slowass heavy tank in missions where the enemy is always faster than you.
Some advice from one diver to another. If you dont know how the mission works, dont start on difficultly 7. Go down to 3 or 4 learn how things work, then jump back up. In this mission waves really only spawn during silo start up and extraction, so clear the area before restarting if the silo shuts down or before you start the next one and you wont have this issue.
Whiney lil boi
Players: “spawning too many heavies that can one shot you isn’t balanced”  AH: “we hear you loud and clear and will balance the scales by spawning more fodder and letting them one shot you.”  I never thought I’d say this but give my week 1 Helldivers 2 back. At least the 10% of the time I got to play was actually enjoyable.
I doubt even pre railgun meta could handle that. Mech were the only chance of winning that
Bad RNG, hasn’t happened once to me like that
yeah especially on the likes of the termicide missions the spawn director needs to take a fucking chill every now and again when you're not actively doing one of the objectives. its just endless its fine having the massive waves after you press the button, but give the team a little repreive ro reset if the bugs stop it
thats why theres a difference between a squad of individuals and a team. If you wanna do high difficulties even if youre not good and cant resource manage, work as a team. map out your stratagems together instead of all taking basically the same shit and all acting as a jack of all trades. High levels of difficulty SHOULD require good TEAMS and not just a squad of individuals.
The game was designed to be tactical. That is the intention of the developers as proven by the railgun updates. Besides if you don't like the fact that it requires teamwork and strategy then play at a lower difficulty. If you think the game balance is a problem and you're playing on helldive difficulty constantly then maybe this is not the game for you. Or like I said, play at a lower difficulty. It's not shameful, even the lower difficulties are challenging, just that it doesn't require as much teamwork.
There were 2 big issues during that game.  Firstly the fact that stratagems specifically for huge single target damage (the 500kg bomb and orbital laser) were at best wildly inconsistent. Even if you ignore clear misses the good hits with the 500kg bomb only killed on direct hit with the titan otherwise it was basically random if it died. What's the point of these heavy hitter stratagems if they don't actually kill the targets on a properly aimed bomb drop.   Secondly the way the enemy spawns work on these defense objectives (this applies to ALL missions with an objective that auto aggros enemies to your location as well as both factions). The game doesn't bother telling you this but as soon as you push a button to start the silo it will instantly start a bug breach. There is no clear indication in game that this is how these objectives work other than the breach actually occurring as soon as the objective is started. This is a massive problem if you're with a bunch of randoms who don't know this and are spamming the objectives before you finish clearing out the last wave from a bug breach. The game doesn't tell you you CAN wait before starting/restarting the objectives to finish off the bugs from the last wave.   There is unfortunately not much that can be done about the stratagems being inconsistent and wonky other than to wait for the devs to buff and tweak the aoe and damage. The objectives however should have a massive warning that asks you "Are you ready to start this objective? Starting this objective will immediately spawn/aggro a wave of enemies be prepared."   Just tell the player that  1. Starting the objective will immediately spawn a bug breach and waves of enemies  2. That if you need to restart an objective or start a new objective you can wait to clear the bugs so there isn't like 6 bile titans on the field at once.
So the top two or three difficulty levels might be broken- there’s nine levels, pick a lower one while you wait for the devs to figure it out.
Just sucks that they brought this on us and on the whole dev team really for no reason. The difficulties before all these nerfs and buffs seamed almost near perfect
Me and my friend doing a casual difficulty 4 mission to complete orders even get mobbed way too much, it's like the enemy count doubled
Game needs a rollback to before the first weapons patch. Things weren't terrible then.
I clicked the activation button of a battery on a new mission. We failed. I push button again the second it's clickable. It started as "unstable". We held on till 40-50%  and failed. I push button again the second it's clickable. It started as "stable".  It died after 4 scavengers have slapped it for aaprox 10 seconds. That's issue 1. I just want stability.
*"Use your stratagems"*
You catastrophize this shit way too hard, giving me your fucking depression by proxy.
So so so many bile titans.
the mission design is a bit poopy, it's not obvious that if you keep clicking the botton a fixed ammount of enemies will spawn every time.. so we just dig our greaves deeper and deeper with each click
Guys let’s remember this is a 40 game stop looking for perfection
Oh look, another objective I refuse to play with randoms
Sounds cool af if you ask me, the game on high levels suposed to be hard.
i hate the title of your video. this channel complains more than any of the other ones i’ve seen
I mean they did say specifically their intention was to lower success rates on those dificulties; it is called “impossible” after all
1st patch where they nerfed everything I logged in, railgun was almost useless, I died and my friends couldnt reinforce so left the game for a few days and came back today feeling refreshed and ready for a new patch, hoping those issues would be fixed. Jumped in, couldnt open stratagems, died to a charger, resetted all my keybinds, still didnt work, logged out and do not plan to come back soon. trully disappointed on how much they broke what was perfectly functional.
Yeah Skill issue
This doesn’t seem much different than it used to be.
this looks awesome
I believe since it´s a smaller map enemy presense is way more noticable, which also can lead to more bug breaches. I´d also recoment dropping a difficulty or two for that mission and working yourself up again. Also the railgun still 2 hits a titan on PC so it´s worth a try. My mate and I made it second try one diff 7 so I´m sure yall can manage well
They ruined this game
What if the Termicide is actual creating more bugs instead of killing them??
expendable 1 taps chargers in the head btw
It is a skill issue. Sadly you have a big enough base that people will eat this up and cheer you on. You spam the button, you spam breaches. This isn't the first mission that auto spawn breaches to counter the player's actions to pursue the objective. This is just the first one where failing is an option. Your take on this patch is horribly incorrect and is clearly just a kneejerk reaction, not a well thought out one. This patch was a huge nerf to heavy spawns to the point that my Duo can easily tackle Helldive now because it's just a left click fest of controlling the hunters and 1 shotting the occasional charger or 2. Titans are more often than not ghosts compared to prepatch. Maybe I come across 4-5.  Heavies breaking up your defensive line are literally the ONLY thing that makes this game challenging. I don't understand the thought process that we should have a bunch of 1 shottable mobs at higher difficulties. Turn down the settings if you don't want the challenge.. Stop looking to take options away from people that want to get a bit sweaty.
I think the problem is, you are bad.  They said they wanted titans to be medium enemies.  You are bringing doo doo stratagems with you then confused why its so hard.   Wtf is a Gatlin gun supposed to do on max difficulty.
No I’ve played the same and it’s ridiculous a definite no win
Game is fine. Bugs are meant to overwhelm.Just witnessed skill issue. Don't @ me.
Sooo.... You play the new mission on the SECOND HIGHEST(!) difficulty rating, without knowing what it's all about and you achieve 2 out of 3 goals at the first attempt. And you are complaining about the number of bugs? You know... its MEANT to be hard on 8 and 9.
I like it, it's fun to be able to kill all thoes titans.
And yet people will keep simping for this incompetent studio. Every fix they release breaks 5 new things.
So happy I deleted and got a refund. LOLZ
It almost feels like the devs are priding themselves on the absurd difficulty. Like this is meant to be a Souls-type game or something so they're flexing on 'look how hard our game is! look at how much we can beat down our players!'  Not realizing that in the long run this will just drive people away who want to simply enjoy the game. It doesn't feel like challenge; it feels like disrespect of the player's time.
I too experienced this. I was shocked how ineffective anything I did was, and any team I was on did.
think this update has increased spawns of bile titans. chargers seem ok, bile titans no
So short version - team didn't understand the mission, and the respawn was working as intended...
I'll take 5 more titans if it means less hunters.
dude I am begging you to post anything other than clickbait garbage
Level 7 is called Suicidal, so it should be.
I thought they said they were reducing the number of bile titan and charger spawns?
I agree that they spawns on certain enemies are way too high, in fairness it is a lvl 8 mission named (impossible) but the difficuty definitely correlates to lvl 9 or maybe even theoretically 10. so yes they should definitely decrease the amount of spawns slightly but not too much
It needs balance but ofc it cant be too easy, giving us maybe an extra stratagem slot or increased ammunition on higher difficulties, decrease the spawn rate, and maybe have a cooldown on bug holes being called
looks like people don't like automatons rescue missions because enemies keep spawning every 5 seconds.... lets do the same with terminids! -Arrowhead devs
I duo run with a friend. We learned to pay attention how our actions impact the spawns. We figured the mechanics out in two seconds - the "geological survey" missions taught us that the second action on the objective equipment always spawns enemies. So before the 2nd action we prepare. Other missions have the same dependencies, it makes the game too predictable and easy. In this mission we were also paying attention to how activating stuff would impact the spawns.  This video is literally about git gud and skill issue. I repeat and I am not ashamed: LITERALLY! 🎉  PS: if your fun is to run-n-gun, you should play on lower difficulty. War is more complex than that (read it in Solid Snake's voice).
Chooses impossible difficulty, game is hard. :( how could arrowhead do this to us?
11:10 Unsurprisingly, the host, Klephtis, lost his temper with the mission when he died with the reinforcement counter at 0. This feature has GOT to go. This is a PvE game, made for teamplay, made for fun. Punishing less-than-perfect execution with "you don't get to play as a team anymore, and your difficult situation is now impossible, enjoy" is a terrible, terrible mechanic that just pisses everyone off. The failure condition in the first Helldivers was only a team wipe, and it felt a lot more like "aww nuts, well, we tried" instead of a toy getting taken away. People need to be aware of how much damage "limited lives" does to player tempers in a game like this.
People need to stop complaining about there being a lot of enemies or difficulty on the the highest difficulty.  I play only 9s and it's a breeze if you have a half decent team.  So many whiners who don't take the time to try to actual learn how to best maneuver and play around the different enemies, terrain, guns, stratgems, etc.  They just want to be able to stand in one place and gun down everything in side.  Honestly pathetic.
try a lower difficulty, princess
Actually seeing you desperately get by with this amount of insanity looks pretty fun, but it looks like difficulty 10 not 8
Your problem is that you aren’t playing with a PS5 player that can allow Bile Titans to be instantly destroyed with 1 headshot. From a  rocket
God i cant wait till people realize and understand how a helldivers gane works. You guys keep complaining, and once you get it, come back to these old videos and slap yourself in the face for trying to guns blazing with generalist metas. 😂
Game sucks and I don't understand why everyone keeps sucking the devs dicks for just changing numbers without caring what they control.
This looks fun to me
Your team was responsible for the spawn rate. You kept reactivating the silos. This is what happens when you don’t understand the mission. Now you know and won’t make the same mistake next time. Also, you’re playing on difficulty 8, it shouldn’t be easy, at all. In fact it should be very, VERY hard. Almost impossible to complete with out a well organized, in sync team.
For those not counting thats basically dealing with a titan every 30 seconds
I think that it may have more to do with the new Silo missions as opposed to the patch.  I ran a number of missions last night and the patch seemed reasonable until we got to the silo mission and then it was Omaha Beach as well on Difficulty 7.  We ran out of reinforcements but managed to squeak through and complete the mission by kiting everything for like 6 minutes to get enough reinforcements back to deploy the whole squad...  Something is a bit off with those missions.
You are very wrong.  First off, you tried to play a mission type you don't know, for the first time in difficulty 8. That's on you. Second, you guys didn't finish the mission for upwards of 17 minutes in a gamemode where enemies spawn endlessly.  Of course you are gonna get overwhelmed. Most missions above level 6 is about speed. You finish it fast or risk getting overwhelmed. I did the mission no problem. Maybe next time learn. The only real complaint is the bugs and glitches that are still in game.
The amount of crying about video games these days is crazy. Using "we" in your title like you speak for the entire gaming community is crazy. Some people expect an actual hard gameplay when they put it on an actual hard mode.
If what this guy is talking about this is the best gameplay I’ve seen from helldivers in a while lol
It happened on level 6 extreme difficulty too. 😂😂😂 There is no endless spawn of Bile Titan; it could be a bug because the second time we did the mission, we didn't see any Bile Titan at all, only replaced by a never-ending spawn of Chargers, 😂😂😂 which is a lot worse.
Seems you always start silo with last wave still coming this way you can trigger 100 biles if you want but that's on you xD
I just finished this mission at difficulty level 7, there were two of us and there weren’t that many titans, but there were just a lot of bugs. I literally pressed the machine gun trigger into the crowd, but the crowd was so large that it was essentially useless, the turrets lasted for 5 seconds maximum, and this whole horde went to the silo. We shot with everything we could, grenades, cannons, rockets, stratagems, all of this, of course, cleared the area... for 10 seconds, and then exactly the same horde spawned and destroyed the silo. The ammunition is out, there are no reinforcements, everything is on cooldown, GG. This is just ridiculous.  The most moronic thing is that before this, when we did the same mission on the same difficulty, but there were 4 of us, and there were much fewer enemies and we completed this mission without any problems. How the fuck does this work?
Theres a reason these missions have a 40 minute time limit. Take your time, clear individual waves spawned by batteries one by one and run from breaches if possible. If you are well coordinated and bring some sentries these missions are just exterminate with extra steps.
This is nutty
Maybe 2 recoils for chargers and 2 spears for bile titans
So. This mission  is suppose to outright drive the bugs from the planets. Would it not make sense that in this phase the bugs would put up a higher level of resistance.  Just sounds like the community is whingeing again.
Yep, I have basically stopped playing, because the higher tier missions are now too hard and I do not feel like I am achieving anything with the lower tier missions
On extreme difficulty I once had 4 bile titans all at once😂😂
I'm thinking theres some spawn RNG on what enemies spawn in terms of the elites. I've done the same mission on difficulty 8 and we only encountered a handful of bile titans, Chargers were more common. Watching the video you definitely faced off more bile titans than chargers (atleast from the footage shown)
It is official the game is now bile hell indeed
Counted 16 on D7, that specific mission type seemed to spawn 2 titans on a button press for the silo's
It’s just the silo mission cuz I was playing egg missions on helldive and there weren’t as many titans as this. However the silo mission on helldive was utter insanity
It’s almost like somebody is watching, and hikes the difficulty for those precious few…
arrowhead needs to do a massive bug/glitch patch and stop messing around. We paid for this damn game now fix it.
I dont think it was a good Idea to releases a video like this when you said yourself that you never played this mission type before. all this does is spread disinformation on how or why there are this many bile titans. So let me explain the reason why you are see soo many bile titans is because your teammate keep on hitting the silo which trigger a bug breach and will typically spawn in about 2-3 bile titans, and if you keep hitting the button it reset the timer bug breach which causes more bile titans to spawn. this mission is designed for player to defend the silo and clear out the waves that come for it. If the silo is taken down it best to wait for the silo heath to go up, and clear the wave that you trigger. the mission has a 40 min timer so you can take your time and handle the waves. (note I'm not saying this as "get good"; I'm saying this because I want people to be informed about how this mission type works)
Skill issue
yep there was still six chargers chasing at the same time at the lvl 7 gg this game
A lot of cope in the coments. ''Clear everything then press button again'' wouldnt reduce the amount of titans and other shit spawned, it would just spread it out, but partrols are still coming in, regular breaches are still being spawned, so you will never have a few quiet seconds. I played lvl 6 with a friend, not 8, 6!!! We killed over 600 bugs each, had like 2-3 chargers and a titan spawn a few times, while trying to deal with 5 breaches and defend a silo. 2 of us, not 4. How? we spamed that button like 5 times untill we got a decent enough spawn that we can do it. Shit is overtuned as fuck. You can't tell me that is normal for 2 people to have to kill over 1200 bugs and barely get away in a pelican while chased by 2 titans
Yea i had the same thing happen to my team and i have to say it is really unfortunate that the game doesnt spawn more "hard" enemies on difficulty 9 as the mission was honestly just too damn easy for us
Agreed. I started playing 2 patches back and it was much better then than it is now , 2 patches later.
yea soo im finding out that there are smaller teams soloing level 1 of this TCS missions and me and my brother were like why ?! so we  then start our own level 7 (or 6 i think it actually was) when we get a 4th member after we drop down and start the TCS... we get swarmed on the 3rd button and they overun it within seconds with the 3 bug breaches that (Automatically start anytime you start the obj)  open up near the obj...then after that stops we kill most of the bugs and then head to another point start it and again same thing happens breach then we then loose one member and then it becomes impossible...   safe to say I was amazed to see the rate of spawining in this, and im used to being over whelmed and still can complete the mission but there was  little to no breaks in the combat where you could thrown down some kind of help. The loadouts we had should have helped us complete the mission, and most of the time somone was kiting the boss buggs (titan, charger, brood) away so that the other could try and control the legion of buggs to at least start one of the obj's...  i lost it just saying this is insane how do they want us to activate this... over and over  honestly i might just use the Railgun glitch if it still works where if a steam player and a ps5 player are in the same team it one shots the head.
Eh idk, Ive been playing on Helldive for a while now and Ive been having fun. I kinda like the challenge of the new mission too
Seems fine to me. Skill issue... But seriously, the mission difficulty is called impossible for a reason. Its is suppost to be hard as heck.
I AM Gona be honest maby it was bad maby not devintly did not reduce number of enemies. But tbh highest difficultys are supposed to be hard u can still play game. I can agree with the point but at the same time I feel the need to say that in previous game. On highest difficulty the armoured chargerers ( the highest lvl enemy in that game ) where spawning at a rate of 3 every ten sek if u where decetected. The point was not to kill enemies it was to do objective. I think that in your place I would rather do video questioning should the gole of game to kill all enemies and do objective or only do objective. In last game I had understanding that on highest difficulty the point was do slow down enemy not to kill it. Everyone was taking survival items and slow items everyone knows that killing is pointless.  In your place I would rather do video discussing in witch difficulty should the transition happened and if it should happened at. But I can agree with the fact that it's unfun that the plable difficulty swaps so often. In last game the difficulty where u could still kill all was around 9-11 depending on squads ( out of 15 since they added 15)  and it wasn't changing hire in 2 weeks it swaped drastically twice.
People keep saying how bad these updates are but to be honest fighting 20 bio titans sounds incredibly fun. Everyone keeps complaining about difficulty but then go on helldivers difficulty to complain thats its hard or that the spawns are to much. Its the hardest difficulty what do they expect
I didn't try that missions in hight difficulty yet. Is it possible it as ridiculous spawn like the automaton scientist rescue mission? I don't know. I kinda took a break until tomorrow. I will try tonight for fun
Sounds like a skill issue to me, if u dont wanna get sweaty play on Extreme or lower, bet you cried when they nerfed (FIXED*) the railgun too
Womp womp
Am I the only one who thinks the spawns should've been reduced but not the armor values? We're gonna end up right back where we were with the Railgun. The Recoilless Rifle is so much better than any of the other anti-tank options, especially the Spear, which has no real advantage anymore besides potentially one-shotting a Titan.  The Recoilless Rifle is going to be the new meta, hands down.
Skill issue
They nerf "patch is bad" they buff "patch is bad" they change something "patch is bad" they add something "patch is bad" fucking complain generation.
Og railgun would make this feasible. But we ran some diff 8 yesterday and timed out on them because we couldnt keep the Bts and chargers down long enough to clear trash mobs.
I've played today and the Rail Gun on unsafe doesn't kill Bile Titans anymore. Ive tested over 300 shots on over 10 bile titans in the Termicide mission.  What is happening?
For every update to this game, they break more things and it's starting to bug me.
Wait, I was told by other youtubers/people on reddit that posts and videos with this many Bile Titans were clearly staged for internet karma.
Its in the name of the difficulty doing impossible or suicide mission should be just that want less bile titans play on a lower difficulty.
Ermz. I disagree 100% with you on this. I watched you play in the background. You say several times you didn't even know what the mission was.  So I would first ask. Why are you playing tier 8 if you don't even know the mission parameters.  2. In this mission you are contained to a small area. Of this complex.  And it's a true hoard mode concept. It's intended to be endless waves and the higher up the tier the higher up the difficulty. That's what you and people like you crying foul On how the game is now cant comprehend. You were meant to be overwhelmed at these tiers. You were not meant to be able to one shot the "bosses" of the game. You were not meant to be a Rambo. Were all your bullets hit every target and the enemies bullets never hit theirs.  Watching this video. What I seen was you stayed alive for the most part for long periods of time. You were also using a primary that isn't so great at that tier. But still somewhat effective. And the game kept you on your toes.  Panic mode almost.  Which is what you should feel at tier 8 and above. You shouldn't feel like you got this with med effort.  It should feel like you are an inch from your life 90% of the time.  Now. If you want a more relaxed experience a more God like feeling of invincibility.  Drop down a couple tiers and I'm sure that is the experience you will get.  It doesn't matter what or how many enemies are put in a match. If it challenged you to your limits. Then I say it's doing its job.  You can't always have it just because it's there.  That is the problem with people today. Well there is 9 levels in the game I should be able to solo all of them and if the devs do things to stop me. Well then it's a broken game now.  No it's nit broken. You just have to actually play it the way arrowhead intended and designed it to be played.
Yes we do expect people to sweat a bit on the hardest difficulty. That's the point of playing on max difficulty. Otherwise play on difficulty 7 or even 6 if it's too much. Just imagine beating hardest difficulty as if it was the easiast one, it's stupid.  Plus from the gameplay point of view, your team does not work togetherm sentry are poorly placed, sacrificed even. Objectives are being triggered very quickly ending in calling waves afte rwaves. THis game has a ripple effect.. too much waves early on, cause bloated battlefield with no ammo, no time to replace, no time to think whatsoever. People play it like it's a rambo movie most of the times so don't expect to get destroyed if you loose without using your brain a bit.. but that's too much asking of gamers in general.
This particular mission is clearly SUPER over tuned for difficulties 8 and 9. I played 1 of these on 9 and it was essentially the same amount of armor but more chaff and we just got overwhelmed immediately and couldn't make a comeback.  The one mission I played on 7 felt balance.  It was around the same difficulty as the other difficulty 7 missions.
this isnt just a problem on these new missions either although it happens much more there, i was running some difficulty 6's this morning and started a mission to destroy some eggs, we ended up seeing 7 seperate bile titans, mainly coming in groups of two's, and usually with a charger, this was something that NEVER happened beforehand, not even close. The hardest difficulty 6 i had faced before the update had 3 bile titans total, spread minutes apart, and only occasionally came with a charger, the spawn rates are so screwed, yes its possible to take out two bile titans and a charger or 2 easily but this was for difficulty 6, even difficulty 4 spawns hordes of bugs are chargers now when beforehand it was something that a new player could take on easily. the spawn rates need to be fixed since while stuff like difficulty 6 is supposed to be hard there isnt even a difference anymore between difficulty 6 and 9, might aswell just run 9 anyways, way more rewards, worst case you have to face 1-2 more bile titans than difficulty 6. its just gotten to the point where if im going to play with my friends who are lower level i might aswell drag them into helldive difficulty since it will be just as bad as difficulty 6.
Dont see a problem here. This is war! This is fun! This is DemoCrazy! :D Those tons of adds are triggert by activating the silos. Take a bit of time between them, clean the area and wait for cooldowns to be up again. This is an event on lv8. What did ya expect? Free Loot? Come on there are enough easy games out there :D A little magic tip: StunMortars for this mission are very good. Cancel the MEchsuit ;)
>Pick a difficult called Suicide mission  >Look inside  >Is lives up to the name >Gets angry  ????
Stop activating the silo before clearing the remaining bugs. People just knows how to complain these days. Bug breaches summon them on top of those that are just lurking about so plan, plan, plan. The game wants you to think, not power through. Try smoking the silos to keep the bugs from walking to it.
Nobody is pinging anything, brought 2 500kg bombs and a Gatling sentry (for T8?)  your mech dude seems to be in Lala land. And it seems nobody brought anything for nor is taking care of the chaff.  Looks like a normal pub lobby to me. No communication, no teamwork.
Played hell dive last night same mission for the first time and didn't have this issue. There were a ton of enemies but nothing we couldn't handle. We also didn't have to restart any of the batteries we were able to run through smoothly for the most part and this was a group of random I was with
I mean the difficulty should be high like for the difficulty I’d expect this many heavies, but just like the weapons should be better. IMO The rail gun pre-nerf should’ve been what a lot of other weapons should’ve been brought up to.
I'm a bit concerned with majority of the content creators surrounding Helldivers 2. I understand there's criticisms and definitely tweaking that's necessary for bugs that come around with patches, but the negativity is rather disappointing honestly. For once we have a game that is able to unite players from almost any platform, and its just simple good fun.   The game has a modern antipredatory warbond system, a live service that doesn't focus on monetization, events that update the game lore and mechanics in real time, and etc.   Are there faults? yeah. Needs tuning? Yeah. But videos with titles like these will be the death of this game before we even get to fully enjoy it.
I think clearing Hives should reduce the amount of bugs being called to a bug breach.  With automatons, only Commisairs and rocket raiders can call a drop, but with fucking bugs you got Warriors, Hive Guards, Brood Commanders, HUNTERS, scavenger and fucking BILE SHOOTERS.  The fact that summoning breaches is relagated to more than two enemies fucks up the gameplay loop, atleast with automatons you can kill the Comissairs and rocet raiders quickly and use stealth.
EMS. You're welcome. 😊 Also, EAT's worked quite well for this as well.
We also had alot of bile titans in t7 but they come after each other so you can focus them down. Same map. I really like it because this mission is too easy without them
How are there still people crying about the spawn rates? For god's sake, you're playing on the second hardest difficulty
It looks like the latest patch did not change the numbers of chargers and titan spawning?
12:30 no but having the option is great as long as nothing forces you to do it (and you say it's the first time you see this shit).  I don't get this point, yes it need to be a "fair" difficulty, having very hard mission (if it's not a bug) is great and if you wan't to complete it you need to be really good with a really good team (it's a coop game and you can get good non toxic mate really easy if you are not lazy).  If you told me about a bug or if you don't like "how" difficulty work in the game i can get it.  But here the conclusion is just:  "it's too hard and hard=no fun + it's harder with random matchmaking mates not using mic and using the chat every 10 minutes"  The sad part is that you are not doing bad in this video like at all !  And to me you can almost do it, so saying the balance is falling appart is too much, it could be better but it's not that bad.
I think the issue was someone was hitting the button on the battery over and over. Each time you hit it, it spawns a wave, which led to the battery charge being stopped... Which leads to the spiral of someone calling wave after wave.  I don't think this is a general spawn issue, I think it's an issue specifically with no one knowing the mission type.  I think you should do more testing before immediately making videos and claiming something is totally broken. No offense, I like your videos but this one and the last one I've noticed a few issues that have an explanation beyond "the game is totally broken, patches broke it"
Exactly what I saw and felt. I guess it's time for me to accept this game isn't for me, like their motto says.
As a new player to the franchise in general, it was a bit disheartening to hear the end bit but i appreciate the honesty. If you think this guy is just blowing smoke out his hooha, take in to consideration the max level character and the game play presented where the guy BARELY ever died and hard to say they would've even completed the mission at that point. I don't know this guy but he seems to understand the game.
They need more enemy types
Maybe, just maybe people shouldn't be playing the new mission types on the hardest difficulties. The hardest difficulties should require some semblance of a plan and teamwork, which is hard to do when you don't know what the objectives even are. You guys nearly beat the mission with at least 2 of you first timing the mission.
If you know anything about game design then you know they're doing this on purpose 😂
Im pretty sure you get 2 Breaches every time you trigger the Silo buttom, and also Elite spawns. The chaos might've happened because of the team constantly failing the Silo release and pressing the buttom multiple times. This mission requires more coordination.  That said, the patch is still terrible and I agree that its much worse now
Honestly i don't understand what everyone is complaining about. The game is SUPPOSED to be hard at the higher difficulty levels, and if you can't manage that level, just drop down to a lower difficulty. Me and my buddies have no issues running level 9s, currently or pre patch. 🤷‍♂
Again u are either missing ideas or doing the wrong mission. This new mission is an eradicate style mission, execpt u split up to get objectives done. U stayed way to long. Also this misson type doesnt give super samples. Meaning no one should play this mission above medium
I wait for all my turrets to be off cd before i start the next silo. I put 4 sentrys down and activate. Havent had a problem yet.
nah man, you clearly missed your shot at 07:36 , clearly a skill issue, you would've won the game if you hadn't missed one rocket.    I hate the type of people that say that kind of shit, your video clearly shows the state of the game, "fixed"
Good ol silo mission.
i ran a bunch of these missions last night, mostly lvl7, a few lvl9.  each drop seems to have a different bug type that spawns in huge numbers.  notice here that you didn't have many if any bile spewers?  some dives, the game spawns a zillion of those instead of what you got here.  not sure which is worse.  50 bile spewers launching arty at you from all corners of that map is pretty bad.
This mission type specifically if your not careful can bypass their spawning caps. It’s a wave defense mode and the waves are started by pressing a button to activate the batteries you are defending. If it takes too much damage it resets and you need to press the button again.  Problem arises when you fail and instantly press the button without clearing the previous waves bugs, now you have the previous wave PLUS new wave, if you fail again and press it again, now you have 3 waves. They can stack very easily if you aren’t paying attention.   1st 2 silos went pretty smooth, 3rd silo failed and instant restarted like 7 times with no room for clearing the previous Ads, that’s why it felt so hectic,it was literally 7 silos of enemies all at once. You had like 30 mins left, slow down, kill some stuff and regroup before starting it again. You control the pace of the spawns, you can either slow them down, or speed them up which happened here by one of your team  Def caused by impatience or poor judgment about when to start the objective, but also def something the devs should try to mitigate happening
Can we rollback to the release balance and just add the mech and buff a few guns and strategems. So the game is fun again?
public game = public difficulty...lower them down
I mean... How many times did you hit the button. I did the same thing but when my team tried again and drew agro long enough for all the towers to work on their first trigger it was doable. You have to fall back when it doesn't work.
Welcome to Difficulty 8 - 9 mate.  This is exactly why we are arguing the spawn rates are a bit too much.
this is normal amount even before the update, well normally there were more chargers too
Ya idk if the reduced chargers but double the bile Titans is a really good trade off imo it feels like it and it isnt the best feeling
I will never forget my first hell dive where 8 visible bile titans where on screen, with 5 chasing me.
So far lvl 7 seems hard but fair, even with team mates that are kinda bad (me). So either titans spawn too quickly on 8 or your strategy was bad. You should definitely be using EAT, I know that much. There really isn’t much time to be sitting still and reloading the recoilless.
100% agree. They are tweaking the game in the wrong direction. Buffing enemies and nerfing the good guns. It’s losing its fun and is just a grind now
Reminds me of when I was helping out a new friend on Challenge and seven Hulks spawned at once, I was so confused since it was only on challenge. How the hell are new players supposed to kill seven hulks at the same time.
'more swarms less big guys' ok sir this video right here is proof its busted.
I think your ending statement is very damning to make when the update did exactly what it was supposed to.  Enemy spawn rates have decreased, you just didn't fully understand how the new mission type worked. You probably read this a hundreds of times in the comments.  It's fine, everyone makes mistakes. It was your first run like you said.  But to once again strip it up to the game balance just shows how quick people are willing to jump the gun to conclusions before actually trying it out.  The game hasn't even been out for very long and we already got a new stratagem to play with and a new mission type.  If the game dies it dies, but it's still looking very good for the near future.
Welcome to the rice fields!  This "update" effectively kicked my group down two tiers.
The problem is that in any other PvE game that has activities with this level of difficulty you are significantly rewarded for your efforts with gear/currencies that you can't find anywhere else. But in this game you're sweating through a level 9 mission for nothing more than a currency you could farm in level 7. Hell, you could even solo farm samples in a level 7 by playing stealthily and ignoring the mission objective. Folks who think this is how public activities with matchmaking ought to be have lost it tbh
Game breaking… more like game enhancing. It’s also on hardness 8 so it should be hard. Had the same thing happen to me and after we extracted I was stoked that we made it out alive and what a game it was.
So like yes some of the spawns are odd and need to be fixed. But the last difficulty should be nearly impossible. Like 7-8 should be the top tier content and 9 should be just about impossible without a stroke of luck.
Just get better is what the devs would tell you
Captions for this video: "Wääääh wääääh!"  😂
Uhhhh your team was 100% spamming the button to restart the silos. This spawns in a new wave. This video is a misunderstanding of what was happening.
Okay first off, this is a you problem. You literally loaded into the game mode not knowing what the objective was and two, you were doing fine. Don’t get me wrong, I think the drama you are bringing up is pointless but daaaamn boi. How many Titan kills was that in a single mission? You’re doing great!
Wild, but fuck that was intense 😅
The difficulty definitely needs a good bit of tweeking but it is MAX difficulty so I think it should be un-soloable.
This mission type can spawn a ton of enemis as they spawn every time you press a button to start defending a sylo. Sylos can get destroyed and have to be restarted, so what I guess happened here is that your team was constantly failing to finish sylo missions and constantly pressing the button spawning a tsunami of enemies, big and small  I don-t know I just finished duoing a level 7 mission with a random and it didnt feel as if the spawn rates are bad
I love it. I never felt this exited for a game in along time and to the brim with adrenalin when you, against all odds' extract at razor's edge. One of my most memorable moments was when I answered a lv7 SOS at Draupnir, we managed to complete the mission but we ran out of support pods. I was at extraction point with no ammo, no stims, all extras in cooldown surrounded by Hulks and Devastators, meters away from the ship, I knew I was not gonna make it until the 500kg when was available, I was thinking to cast it on me when a rocket sent me flying to the evac zone and managed to extract limping. I thought of Reach, and my eyes got wet.
Skill issue i am afraid, you didnt get the objective right
There's plenty to say about team loadout, the lack of situational awareness of some squad members, and the fact that the mission is new and great deal of people still try to figure the best way to do these.  But I guess the biggest take of this video, and silver lining, is that you now get 10 titan spreaded over 5mn, instead of 10 at once :D
Anyone else game crash 5 times in 2 sets of missions
Bro you play on level 8... Thats obviously considered to be difficult.
i havent played since the update yet, are other mission types just as bad? Maybe its a mission specific thing they need to tweak and not a global one.
Our group literally did this same thing last night and it was tough but it wasn't that bad after looking back. Sad you couldn't finish b/c someone threw a temper tantrum, but that's no reason to say this was a shite update or cry about the "StAtE oF ThE GAmE"
The game isn't broken. You are. You are butchering the mission and even admitted to not knowing what to do. Maybe start the mission on trivial and work your way up. 😅
I recently quit playing in no small part because of these issues after putting 70hrs into the game. which is a shame because it had real promise
Mate this game is supposed to be hard and stressful at the same time, just like H1. For a small company the devs are doing fine. Tbh just roll with their vision of the game and embrace what comes next.  Or just play something else? The rest of us will fight for Super Earth!
Eagle 500kg bomb needs more aoe range I agree there. However this was literally your first time doing this mission and you did it at level 8, it's not supposed to be guaranteed success. The first time I played this mission I had the same experience as you but was with another level 50, a level 14 and 19 friend, except however once we ran out of reinforcements we kind of understood the flow of the mission and we diverted the hordes from the last silo and made it. Mind you this was on Helldive..... Our second time doing it we realized it was best to split in teams of 2 to thin out the bugs across the map and we each grabbed a tesla and threw them on either sides of the silos. The second time we BREEZED through this mission after having an actual tactical approach. Thats what I like about the game. It's not supposed to be mindless shooting there is actual thinking involved and if you keep an open mind as to what stratagems you bring in you can find success where you thought there was none.
The game is not for you, just move on to some other game where you can brainlessly can "stand your ground" instead of tactical retreat + regroup + approach again.
Has no idea what the mission is or the objectives, yet loads into the game at the second highest difficulty and is confused why it's not just a brainless stomp.  I did 5 termicide missions last night on helldive difficulty with groups of 3-4 people. None of them struggled with objectives or fending off the enemies. All missions were successful and extracted. The point of the mission is to complete the objectives, not farm bugs until you run out of reinforcements. The objective you are on when you joined finished at 31:25 in game time. By 29 minutes in game time you are still in the same area playing bug death match. That's literally the opposite of what you are supposed to be doing.  When the host rage quits there is 13 minutes left in the match. Assuming you missed a couple bile titans at the start, your total count would still reflect ~1 bile titan every minute, on a mission that is designed to be overwhelming and focused around defending choke points. 1 bile titan per minute is not a lot with all of the tools that exist to take them out. Especially not when the mission is designed to be completed within 10-15 minutes with a full group of 4.
Can someone explain to me how he was able to use 3-4 or so 500kg bombs in this mission? I thought you could only use it twice (with upgraded hanger)? Did anyone else notice this?
ngl, i think you had some terrible luck, i only have 4-6 spawning per mission on 8.
Learn the mechanics of the missions, learn to pay attention to meteor signs on the ground, dont use breaker incindiary. Use tesla tower on each breach, everyone run railcannon orbital to cycle for titans and use exosuit for chargers and ads along base of tower. Youre bad at this game, instead of paying attention to what youre doing and how the game works youd rather bitch. I can only agree with the rocket glitch being something to complain about  Also you and your mates can damage the tower aswell as the enemies so dont hit it or youre daft. Im lvl 28 casual and can confidently clear with my friends lvl 7 impossible termicide mission.
This video is a problem. You went into a mission, on a high level and in the middle of the mission, with no idea how it works. Your team was already messing up the mission just as totaly as if they had been dropping bombs on themselves. You lost. Hard. Now instead of trying to figure out what caused the problem you have gone onto youtube to rant at your audience.   You are not spreading info about how to avoid what happened to you. Only that you are angry about it.   Here is the info you need to test for yourself, then tell people. Starting a generator makes a wave spawn. If the generator goes down, then you need to wait until the wave has been cleared before starting it again. When you start it again another wave will spawn. This can be done even if the previous wave or waves are still ongoing.
The termicide missions are not satisfying or fun and are an obvious trap. I contend we should just fail the major order to let the devs know they’re really bad at making defense missions.
Stop activating the batteries before you've cleared the field. It was your first time in the mission so you can be forgiven for not knowing, but restarting the batteries over and over creates more waves, which means more heavies, which breaks the batteries, causing another restart, which means two more waves, etc.
If only there was a gun that had About 20 shots And could 2 shot headshot a bile titan.   Oh wait.
10000p that it balancing REGRESSIONS. Helldivers 2 is suppose to be a fun game with mates that you hop in and shoot some bugs and some bots and then log off. I like to think of it as the new deep rock galactic (obligatory rock and stone) where even at the highest difficutly weekly dives you can complete them with randoms and don't need a dedicated try hard team.
I was on difficulty level 5 during a solo defense mission, and within one minute, four Bile Titans appeared. Somehow, I managed to kill all the Titans, but in the midst of it, I exclaimed out loud, 'What is going on!
These termicide missions aren't balanced the same as other missions. Spawn rates are crazy. Its special event. Not a good indication of the nature of the patch.    Test more, test things that are apples to apples comparisons. Use a more robust methodology.   The reflexive clickbait content isn't good.
This pretty much sums up my experience last night on helldiver difficulty with a friend. Except intead of two dozen bile titans we got 4 waves of 20 hunters with a spinkling of other bugs every 30 seconds without even touching the objectives. We couldnt. The hordes were so overwhelming that we had zero chance to deal with it. At one point we had around 40 hunters with patrols coming in every minute from four different directions. They really forked up the spawns on this patch. I get the hardest difficulty is hard...but this was insane levels of spawning.  Also, the 500kg bomb really needs adjusting. Many many times I've nailed one right under a titan and they just eat it and walk away like nothing happened.
Single Shot Rockets are realy good in this. quick recall time and extra damage help a lot.
Im curious whats the deal? we ran a 7 last night(starting with this mission set) did all three missions only saw 2 bile titans(all in this mission none of the others) and few dozen chargers. I thought maybe they over dialed it back or the gas mission had an affect on the other missions?  But this is crazy, maybe the system is glitched or 8-9 got buffed or our games were glitched, 😮 hope someone can figure it out😅
not going to lie, that looked a lot of fun though
Me and my friend were playing on suicide mission for four hours last night with randoms and whilst it wss challenging and we failed a few missions and extracted by the skin of our teeth, we had alot of fun. When we worked together and actually strategized and coordinated our strategems and our loot paths and objective routes, etc etc thats when we really dominated. Actual teamwork really does make the game easier, whodathunk
So you had one bad mission and immediately jump to "devs bad"? Sorry but it was a skill issue. Granted it wasn't your fault, your teammates kept spawning waves by spamming the objectives, but still.
My ideal balance would be a few more titans on lower difficulty, half as many on higher difficulty. Bring back the charger spam, quarter the hunters and triple the scavengers.
I don't know what to say about this, whenever I say something about the state of the game on Reddit everyone says skill issue. This video really shows how "fun" the game is atm. Especially the fact that Hunters spawn more and hit headshots all the time
Revert to launch balancing = simple, beautiful, needed
I thought I was the only one getting one shot by my own rocket in the mech
Watching this video, I had the feeling that I had experienced this before. After thinking about it for a while, I remembered the last time I felt the same way was in a boss raids. You had to place yourself perfectly to not aggro unwanted mob and time everything. They were long and exhausting, just like lvl 9 missions here. So, i guess you can look at hard missions like that as a raid boss
Most of what you've complained about is just not the issue. What's unfair is that reinforcements are limited and that many of the active offensive stratagems dedicated to blowing up heavies have unfair downtimes.  Now to talk about the lobby's mistakes (including yours):  - The 500kg bomb is not suited for fast moving groups, so it's very much not suited for bugs. - It seems pretty much EVERYONE in the lobby had terrible stratagem choices to manage heavies. How about they pick proper loadouts instead of complaining that swarm countering oriented stratagems don't work as well on priority heavy targets? - Sentries are not to be left hanging alone in unclaimed perimeter, else they will be overrun too quickly to make a difference. Getting swarmed by smaller enemies is partly due to you wasting this stratagem. - Missing shots is normal and part of any shooter experience. - You have to pick your targets. Focus on those that are threatening the objective completion, stop trying to kill everything. Just divert the attention of whatever is not directly threatening the objective.  Skill issue. Helldivers was like this back then, and everyone enjoyed the game. It's not a game about being able to DELETE everything, you have to take into account a multitude of other strategies.
You guys this isn't a hang out mission. You have to quickly complete the objective and get out.
What's the issue? Lot's of titans, lot's of enemies. It's meant to be hard 8/9 difficulty. A note about your comment at 12:16 "Do we really expect people to play like sweats in public games?" Yes. If you're playing at almost the highest difficulty the game has to offer, YES it's meant to be challenge to overcome. I feel like a lot of people are just making video's about that almost max difficulty is too hard and they need balancing patches to fix it, while on the other hand vouching for casual play and public game lobbies without communication.  These missions in particular are new and misunderstood. The game spawns enemies based on players around it and activities. With activities I refer to objective interactive things like terminals, ICBM steps, Geological surveys and the Gas batteries in this mission. Everytime you restart one of these machines it spawns a new wave of monsters (at difficulty 7 or higher bile titans are almost guaranteed). If you fail to wipe the wave in time, the battery dies and you have to restart, if you or a teammate immediately restarts the battery it start another activity and spawns another wave, compounding the spawnrate of enemies and making it EVEN harder to get the objective completed this time.  Some tips for these missions: If you fail to finish an activity clear space or take distance from the objective before starting again to give you and your time to regroup, clear chaff and re-arm. If you insist on bringing a mech the pelican dropping it off can be a useful tool in fighting, it's autocannon shreds heavies. For max effect, use it in line of sight of bile titan (Without getting it puked on ofc) Turrets are incredibly strong because of the static nature of these objectives, if you can keep the chaff at bay the autogun- and rocket turret are valuable asset in countering titans. The EAT-17 is often a better pick for "Static" fights, since you can stockpile the launchers faster than with the recoiless. Your team can grab them when needed for a quick charger or titan kill, the quicker a titan is dead, the quicker you can move on.  I agree the game needs tweaks and bugfixes, and the devs are hard at work making the game better and bigger all the time. I just don't think that balancing the harder difficulties for casual pub non communicative play is a very relevant issue right now. There are a lot of weird things happening like hellpod steering, ragdoll jank and animations that make playing (Especially when sweating) frustrating. It'd rather have the devs working on removing jank and unpredictability, once they do that we can truly see how higher difficulties play
Probably prep for the new shit we're getting this thursday. Been playing some stuff on level 8 difficulty. Definitely noticed a fuck ton of biles and chargers, but the missions were fairly completable. I had 7 biles spawn on a location... but with strategem rotation and explosives, we manage to kill them all and clear the area. I was panicking because my team died and I literally had 60 samples on me from their cold dead corpses.   I was literally on extract with 5 Bile titans and like 7 chargers trying to kill me. It was hilarious, terrifying, 1 life and adrenaline inducing. Also fun tip, mechs are extremely good against bugs. They're okayish against robots, but they excel at murdering and surviving against bugs.   So long as you don't get hit by a bile titan spray or sit in acid spray, they take many hits to explode. Even against chargers, it takes like 3-5 impacts from a charger rush to be destroyed. I think the issue people have, is they don't realize mechs are bugged horribly right now. If you turn quickly and fire rockets with mechs, there is an extremely high chance, the rockets will hit your mech and cause you instantly die. This is what's causing people to think their mechs are just spontaneously combusting from a couple of hits.   I mean, any explosion really kills your mech, but against normal hits, lazers, tackles, etc. Your mech can survive quite the beating. It's also good to summon your mech at the start. Mechs have 2 charges per mission with a fairly long CD. I think like 8 minutes? So if you use it in the middle or toward the end, it's basically like you're not using one of your selected strategems.   Anyways, in my personal opinion, the spawns are not as bad as you think. My advice is load out depending on the mission. Missions where you know you're going to get a fuck ton of small waves, just use the machine gun/stalwart. Contrary to popular belief, those guns are extremely good at mass murder, even against moderately armored units, you'll mow them down.   If you're worried about biles, spear launcher and recoilless rifle are extremely good. 1-2 spear launcher shots will kill a bile. Recoilless, can 1-2 shot as well if you place the shot well. The problem is reload but it's not too bad.   Also the orbital railcannon strike will almost always one shot a bile titan. You can use it every 3 minutes. It's far better then the 500 KG bomb if your goal is to kill big shit.
I think they also f***ed up the weapon balancing a lot. Ofc the Breaker and Railgun were the meta pre update but I wouldn´t say that they were overpoweredly good. On high tier with a lot of bugs and heavys they felt just right. They should have made the other guns better and more worth playing and not nerfing the guns, that were doing good.
[me, a level 30 not getting over myself and still grinding R on level 5] [friend suggests level 6] [instant bile as regular enemies] never again.
Oh good so it's not just me that finds the game, that was gloriously fun, now fucking ROUGH!!!  I had stopped playing Apex Legends because this was so fun. Welp, I've been back to playing Apex Legends, cheaters and all, because this is putting me into a state of rage.
Was doing the artillery side objective had 5 chargers on me got rag dolled and died, soon as I died the all despawned. game felt soo damn good at launch now things feel so bad
Yeah that was bonkers. I’ve not even tried extreme difficulty yet and I’m dreading 7-9 watching stuff like this. How can you possibly ever have enough ammo for that kind of fight? You just don’t get enough resupply for that, not even close. You don’t get enough of anything for that kind of chaos. 21 bile titans 🤦🏻‍♂️ even a well knit team with clever gear set up would struggle with that craziness
Crazy how they buffed a weapon that is good at clearing chaff and then introduced more chaff spawns. I dont see a flamethrower thinning those herds at all while the big gunner works on the big things. Interesting.  (Sorry but im getting tired of the video titles and how up in arms people are over things i dont think are so bad. If i see it different eventually ill come back and apologize but i gained fun since the tweaks, not lost it.)  Edit: spelling but i gave up on punctuation so whatever
Couldn’t agree more. I think the studio is clueless for the most part at the moment as they drowned themselves in overwhelming feedback and lost their own vision for the game. I suggested to their ceo on twitter that they revert the game to its launch state in terms of balance and continue with the update drops. In the meantime, they should set up a public test environment and start trialing balance changes there before messing up the main game. Or, they should stop their clearly misleading ‘open’ comms and simply do whatever the fuck they think is right.
Helldivers when the difficulty called “impossible” is actually impossible
i do this missions dif9  they arent hard stop whining womp womp if its too hard for you play easier difficultys fo god's sake the game's name is helldivers its supposed to be hell
Wait until you call in your mech only to have it land on a bug patrol/whatever that just spawned in front of you. It counted as killing the mech and the hive guard just shrugged. This was on that exact same mission type, the termicide silos. We also had the same situation with insane amount of bile titans. Mind you it was on D7, but we equally had about the same amount of them there.
more ragebait in the thumbnails? cmon you guys
my squad stop playing because of the amout of bugs spawning. As soon as we dropt we had two breaches on us. We ran out of ammo without touching one objective. and the fact that these bugs follow you forever doenst make it better
So tired of guys playing on difficulties literally called "suicide mission" and higher and complaining about it being too hard 🙄
It's a f****** suicide mission get it yet
go and turn the dif down if you can't handle the onslaught for the special mission. It's not like you're missing out on super samples or anything.. For normal missions you should notice the spawn rate changes and they did make the game more fun and playable and less of a running simulator. I am not sure what you really want the devs to do. You guys can play dif 6 for your 1 bile titan per 10min or w/e, the highest difs are meant to be challenging no? How come I beat dif 9 with 3 strangers and absolutely 0 communication today. Including the special event mission btw lol. How easy do you want the hardest difs to be exactly?  Also on a sidenote, dif 8 is called "impossible" allready and dif 9 is supposed to be even harder. I don't think the devs literally meant to make the game impossible but I am quite sure that they intended these difs to be hard. I really hope they don't make dif 9 a breeze in the future zzz
I see this, but you were handling it
Me and a bunch of my buds are over this game we loved it so much but this shit is just ridiculous
He even said this was basically a wave mission so survive as many waves as you can DOPE
Devs: Made a game that millions bought and had fun with on launch Devs: Sees people beating the hardest levels (surprise pikachu face) Devs: SPAWN ALL THE BILE TITANS (because egos or something)  This is so frustrating. Sure the numbers werent matching their projections with the difficulty but what does that matter if the people who paid for your game are having FUN and ENJOYING THE GAME? A pve game needs minimal balancing imo, nobody is having a better experience by dying and failing more. I dont want my hand held and awarded a participation trophy but i dont want bile titans violating me the enitre match..
One of the reasons why this game had so much success is having big waves come at you and you mowing them down with your weapons it was satisfying!! but now they’re nerfing the weapons… a gem ruined.
We did a suicide with like, the a team of my friends. We BEAT it, but I think by luck alone. It was absolutely fuckin wild haha.
i did this mission type at difficulty 7 and had a similar experience plus the last silo took us like 10 to 15 tries because it always died at like 90% and we figured it was our own mortar sentries that damaged it. we finished the mission with 30 seconds left, and wehad a rage quitting teammate, so only me and two lvl 50s struggling to end the mission.
I actually love all the mayhem that comes with endless Bile Titan spawns, but I understand this may be too much for most players
This comment section is full of impatient fucking crazies.  The game only just came out and is astronomically more stable than its contemporaries, be patient.
You see an imbalance in spawn rates  *In cloaker voice* I call this a dificulty tweak
When the batteries in this mission gets too much damage before reaching 100%, it reset the percentage but the breaches keeps spawning. And if you reactivate the objective, new breaches will pop up. And then you have 5 breaches open with 3-4 bile titans running around with no ammo to kill them.  I don't know if this spawn rate is only in this type of mission though.
People on this hate train honestly need to get a life already. You upload 2 vids a day to milk ad revenue from your frustrations from playing in the hardest difficulty in the game. You complain about the game publicly twice a day and instead of taking a break so you can come back and enjoy it once issues have been fixed, you prefer to make complaints 24/7 in an attempt to mud the game's reputation. Go and found a game company and update the game every single day since that's what you're asking of ArrowHead. Making changes take time and with each video it just seems like you're trying to make more and more demands from the devs to the point even I stopped seeing it as criticism and instead it feels like watching pure copium over every small inconvenience.   Chill out for a sec, if the difficulty is too hard just tune it down. THE SETTINGS ARE RIGHT THERE! You'll see how much quicker updates come when the community isn't constantly harassing the devs. Whilst some devs like Riot need probably deserve the amount of hate they get, Arrowhead launched the game a little over a month ago and deserve to be given time to tune things. The last balance patch was literally this last week, now we get another and you've already made two videos on it the same day the patch came out and both seem like once again just pure whining. Test it out for a few days before going on a rampage of uploads
i only think they spawn way to many, but on the highest level I can still handle it with the groups but I agrey with it they spawn to many
People have to realize that this mission isnt at all representation of the game. This is a tower defense mission. You really expect 2 bile titans and 4 chargers only in tower defense? So many videos of this awesome game of people just complaining. When everyone started everyone loved it. Now that they made it to endgame everyone is crying its too hard..... Yes there are still things that needs to be tweaked but i dont think difficulty is one of them. Most annoying thing for me my guy climbing the supply everytime XD
IMO, The game difficulty was perfect on release and now they've fucked it up.
This mission is so fun If u can't hack it go lower difficulty ffs dont ruin it for the rest of us
Patrols also can spawn ontop of you aswell or right behind you its really annoying as well.
Too many people complaining about higher difficulties being hard not realizing they’re meant to be hard and challenging. You can’t just go into a lvl9 campaign and think it’s going to be like lvl3 then complain that it’s too much.
Wait... Hard difficulties are .. Hard?  Nobody expected that!  For real tho. You dont have stuff to deal with this, go one level lower. There is nothing shame in that.
Using the gas orbital works great on these missions cause it doesn't do alot of damage to the silo's if it hits them
Just did this mission on, to be fair, difficulty 6, not 7-9.  It was still a train wreck - nowhere near as bad as 20+ bile titans, but we managed it after a couple tries.   I noticed that only one bug breach could be up at a time. This meant I could solo 2 batteries with mortar/gatling sentries and AT for only 1-2 chargers/titans whilst my team drew the bug breaches and all the other bugs to the 3rd battery. Then we just did as others have suggested in comments on this vid - eliminate mobs on field, regroup, reload and build a solid defense before touching the 3rd battery.  I don't know if it would work on difficulty 7-9 - God forbid I agree the balance in the game is fucked right now, but that strategy certainly helped.
I know the spawn rates are high but what do you expect when you pick a difficulty litterally labelled, suicide, impossible, or helldivers. these streamers always try to meta game these new titles to death and then whine when the devs don't break their game for them to be able to make content of them doing shit like "solo completion runs on helldivers difficulty without dying". (a genuine complaint i found throughout the official discord). without understanding that people just arent supposed to be able to farm MAX difficulty missions without some luck and large amounts of skill. I Remember in the EDF days you had to 100% the insane difficulty to get the genocide gun and that was HARD but so goddamn worth. Ppl arent willing to put in the work.
I have experienced probaly 12 bile titans in this mission
Just wanted to compliment the use of total anihilation music in the background of the video.
Dude... your difficult is helldive... i guess welcome to Helldivers II lol
Average hd2 experience. And i love it. 😂
How much of this is "difficulty update" and how much of it has to do with the planet and primary order effects?
Some maps simply bug out
I’m having fun 🤷🏾
This video is faxx if you're not playing on difficulties above 7 on a regular you shouldn't speak on what nerfs should happen tbh.
Just go back to the Medium difficulty. Its pretty clear that seeing big enemies on screen is not for you.
The irony of the final rant of this video when the whole reason so many spawned is because you didn't understand the mission type is so funny.
skill issue
that muzzle flash on the mechs is to bright, hurts my head
It’s always interesting when people complain about how hard the game is when you pick one of the hardest difficulties
When an impossible difficulty is actually impossible 😱
Honestly for one of the hardest difficulty this ain’t that bad lmao and on top of that this is a mission that will “supposedly” kill all the bugs on the planet it’s supposed to ungodly difficult
I think your point is completely right and I agree with you but I think it’s rather just very annoying and less fun but definitely doable. I’m no crazy good player and I finished the mission on my first go on helldiver difficulty with a 3 man team. So it’s definitely not thaaaaat difficult but it totally needs tweaking.
The cd on strats needs to be cut in half. With any support even more.
What's even more ridicilous is they haven't even activated the silo's yet.
yeah, this update did not fix anything just brought more small bugs to the equation.
Have you tried running from the bugs? Because you can run from bugs. Lol.  I wish that Reddit post didn't live rent free in my head.
Well, if a bunch of two legged freaks dropped down my on planet to start up a machine that would eradicate my entire species I would throw 20+ of my biggest bois at them too.   In all seriousness, I am totally fine with outrageous numbers of bile titans for this mission, considering the outrageous mission objective. Just need to make it clear to helldivers what they are signing up for with this mission, and have rewards reflect the difficulty and stakes. More likely though, this is an unintended artifact due to a trigger that you keep activating, and will be patched within a week.
What happened was Joel, he caused your first bug mission to be hell. God I love Joel.
that is the special mission for you. every time you press the button, they will spawn, regardless of enemies on the map. this is a mission said to destroy all terminid on the planet, you expect it to be "easy"?
For a difficulty titled “impossible”, yes I expect sweaty E-sports levels of play.     Not to mention that when the silos are activated in that mission, they pull aggro, thus relieving pressure off of the players.   I didn’t see that being taken advantage of a whole lot.
Maybe I'm just an old gamer but this video and rant is just absurd to me.   Have you heard the tragedy of Leroy Jenkins? It brings to light a concept in gaming that seems to have been forgotten.  You agro the whole f'ing dungeon you're going to die. Managed conflicts dude, managed conflicts. Where is your smoke to retreat/reposition? Clearly patrols are coming to this ginormous battle. You weren't going to clear it before reinforcements came.   Lerrroooooy Jeeeenkins!
I literally went from loving this game to absolutely hating it. If they can’t manage to balance their spawns give us the f*cking railgun and shields back  so we can actually deal with it rather getting frustrated that we can’t just relax and play it it’s like we have to sweat like an esports trial game so bs
Every time you activate the silo it spawns a new wave if you don’t clear out their numbers between attempts they stack up.
Pods falling on titants don't kill them any more, glad Im not crazy on this x_x
Sorry long post:  TL;DR One special mission isn't sufficient evidence that the update is sucks, seems like there were still optimizations you guys should have made, level 7+ difficulties should remain hard for the game's longevity. Each difficulty bracket (1-3,4-6,7-9) should require different levels of planning/coordination.  Do you really think that a single mission is evidence of your narrative? You spawned in halfway through the mission, had no idea what was going on in it and at least from your video, it didn't seem like you guys were all that coordinated. You guys very likely could have moved out of a lot of the area you were defending AND this is meant to be a harder, story mission. Yes, spawn rates are high and without spoiling anything, that's part of the point of this mission.   Additionally, I didn't see anything particularly special about your squad's approach to this mission? I'm not saying purely skill issue, but you're talking about the second hardest difficulty in the game.  This game will die in a month if difficulty 8/9 don't require a least some tactics, coordination and team composition considerations. Not saying every shooter needs to be sweaty but seriously this community is complaining about 7-9 when 7 is literally called "suicide mission" and 9 is meant to be like the full force of the enemy power.  Ideally, I think the developers should strive for some sort of balance philosophy like this:  Difficulty 1-3 should be easy. Recommended for levels 1-9 Difficulty 4-6 should be a moderate challenge, and require some level of threat consideration, coordination, composition, etc. Recommended for players level 10-25 and/or players who just want to play more casually. Difficult 7-9 should be hard, and require a sufficient level of coordination, composition, planning and tactics. Especially level 8+ should almost exclusively be ran by players 30+ with level 9 only starting to be mostly successful when you have most of your upgrades, gear, etc.  I can see you're already level 50 and seem to have most things unlocked but this game will never survive if you're essentially guaranteed to survive every mission with everyone able to extract.  Otherwise, what will keep people playing the game?
This is the state of gaming in todays day. Game devs who don't play their game, and if they do, they're either blind, dumb, or play on difficulty 1. Not to mention, refuses to listen to any outcry by their community, won't revert flawed updates and keep on the "We know better" mentality. Fuck off.
It might be just that particular mission type that spawns so many, when you activate a silo to initiate defense, several bug breaches start
Looks like a fun af mission! Coulda done without the whiny commentary though.
I don’t understand why people complain so much about level 8 being so difficult lol if it’s too hard go to an easier level and enjoy the game at the level you can handle
Really the problem is that you dont understand we are not supposed to beat everything. On top of that you guys did not understand the mission yet. Lower your difficulty and figure it out instead of crying about it.
Speechless ..........
Before the patch I used to play 7 and above. It wasn't easy, but  at least I could achieve victory with my teammates even randoms. Now even in 5 I have problems with just focusing on main objectives in a full lobby. The game right now is basically unplayable for me. The game was fun and demanded what was needed to complete a mission 100%. Now it's a tryhards heaven. If you don't coordinate perfectly with your team and support each other you won't succeed. The game now it's just unfun, unbalanced, and just caters to a bunch of masochists who will spit on you saying "git gud" if you don't like several chargers, bile titans or hulks and tanks shoved on your face every few minutes. Until it's fixed, many people won't play. Including myself.
10-20 Titans? no problem
This isn’t a mindless shooter u need to figure out how the mission is supposed to be played and approached
Finally the youtubers are starting to understand how shitty these updates are. I was sick of hearing, this is great for the game! This makes the game more fun! This makes the game have more variety! Bruhh play the mfing game and then tell me that. Cause this shit has been trash since the first balance update. I just played this game for vibes and having fun with friends, now we gotta constantly sweat to finish any mission, so much fun huh. If i wanted to sweat id play literally any other game.
We played on Nightmare. Everything was going fine until we encountered ONE SINGLE warrior bug and then a HORDE of VILE TITANS, CHARGERS, HUNTERS came crashing down on us. It was crazy.
Ya this game has become complete garbage. I was pissed last night while playing because this pretty much happened to us as well. I've also noticed more players quitting more often because how bad this game is.
At this stage I am convinced that there will always be a group of players who will complain about the game and Arrowhead devs no matter what they do.  So you got a lot of Bile Titans. Good for you - you have a good reason to make a video to please moaners. If you do not like level 9 difficulty, consider playing easier missions.  I think that devs deserve a bit more appreciation for their hard work and the amount of updates and content they regurally release.
we are underpower, and they nerf our sh!t, honestly i dont play like before, i mean, its not a good time anymore
That was an unusually hard level seven. But there is one line I object to, the way you stated it makes it sound like disagreeing with you means someone is being toxically positive. I think that’s nonsense.
no coms pugging high tear using team weapons with no team to reload it and endlessly spawning waves and complaining its to hard...imagine having to use coms and teamwork on the highest difficulty on a game. hello kitty island adventure is what you need
I also think the game was perfectly balanced before all the patches. I always usually play on HELLDIVERS(9) difficulty because it is hard but fun in the end because you have to play more tactically and make sure to eliminate enemy patrols quickly to avoid attracting the attention of more bugs, which made you think very well at the time to make decisions. but now it is impossible, it is almost impossible to go unnoticed, the enemies seem to spawn much more sometimes behind your back and come straight towards you as if you were a magnet. They made the Railgun completely obsolete, and buffed weapons that bring more problems than solutions. and on top of that the overall spawn of bugs, including titans and chargers is probably double what it was before.  Now: Personally, I also think that they should restart the patches as before and work from there implementing the following changes:  -increase the number of shots needed to break railgun armor from 2 shots to 3.  -increase flamethrower damage  -increase the damage of the lazer cannon  -add 1-use meks by default without the option to equip them as is the case with supplies  -and if you want to increase the difficulty you could add more objectives in the level 8 missions (+1 objective) 9 (+2 objectives)  -increase the time of stratagems such as the railgun or limit the number of times you can request them.
Now imagine having 2 random dudes lvl50 that don't even go to the objectives in dif9
My experience with these tower missions in suicide dificulty is that every time you activate a silo 2-4 titans will spawn, and thats every time, so if your silo gets reset by damage and you activate it again another 2-4 bile titans spawn
it seems like high difficulty missions are hard, who would have tought that you had to earn the xp multipliers, really you can choose the difficulty just take easier missions
Hey man, if you are this miserable playing the game, then how about you don't play it.
Yup its Crazy man even on D4
The termicide map is buggy as hell. Not the terminid kind of buggy but the falling through the floor and ragdolling kind of buggy.
So let’s get this clear we’re upset that the hard difficulties are hard and ammo is scarce on a difficulty. That should be harder than the previous one??
Difficulty 8 SHOULD BE TOUGH, and 9 even worse, as they're the hardest difficulties after all. Currently, I find level 8 a bit easy, completing missions with friends. Maybe solo play exaggerates difficulty.   Also, the Expendable is better than the Recoilless Rifle. You can take down a bile titan easily by dropping the pod in his back and keep 2 rockets(and it is not that hard to lure him). Even without a big target, the expendable cooldown is so low that it lets you flood the battlefield.
Man, it's crazy that the more difficult missions are difficult.
Honestly just revert the game to launch and buff the weapons that people weren't using because they were useless.  One shotting chargers with an eat does not seem as fun as shooting his leg with a railgun twice and then finishing him off on his meaty leg. That felt like it required more skill.
Huh I did like 15 d9 missions and only saw about 5-15 per mission and that’s significantly down from before so I guess experience may vary
And all of this is just because you guys kept pressing the button before dealing with the wave, spawning even more waves on top of more waves. It’s a mistake I made before with this mission but never again. It takes careful set up for a mission like this to properly defend the silos and not overwhelm yourself with endless waves. My only issue is there are still patrols and they sure like walking over to those silos before we are prepared to activate them, just to waste our time
Video needs to be redacted and reviewed by the ministry of truth
That looks like it should be helldive footage
They should add a mission that swaps between planets every day, with the only goal of the mission is to just fight infinite waves alongside maybe a hundred fellow divers. Infinite respawns, no need to call reinforcements. Just pure carnage. No rewards for doing it, its just stupid fun. Maybe they can make it so every 100 enemies killed is like +0.00000001 of Liberation, but I'd say nothing beyond that. I just want an all out warzone.
Honestly it's not even the Chargers or the Bile Titans that bother me anymore. It's the Bile Spewers. There's so many, they're so spongey and while their attacks can be easy to avoid if you're focusing on them, you're RARELY given the breathing room to give them the necessary focus on higher difficulties. Grenades and by extension the Grenade Launcher are decent at getting rid of them, but then they aren't even guaranteed to spawn anyways. Some missions they just don't appear, and there doesn't seem to be any real consistency between planets and missions, never mind that it wouldn't make them any less annoying to fight.
In case you weren't aware - (I don't think I saw it during the replay) if you hit your melee button in the mech, he does a short stomp that damages stuff to your 10 o clock in the mech.
He literally kept saying he doesn't know how this mission type works.  Maybe if he did, he would realize that his team kept activating multiple batteries at the same time, spawning more enemies.
Seeing this gameplay it doesnt inspire or motivate me to tackle 7+ difficulty operations. I'll stay with lower difficulty missions and an incomplete ship.
It's the intent of the mission. You are firing up a weapon that will kick bugs off the planet permanently. They are going to mob the ♥♥♥♥ out of you to prevent it. It's not a complex concept. Why am I responding to clickbait HD2 videos?
Yeah this is a patch issue, what they meant to say is that they increased all ad spawn rates across all difficulties and didn’t realize what less armored types meant when they said “less armored types”. I was playing a level 5 mission, one I’ve played before thinking “huh… my friends are fighting a lot of mobs rn… did they shadow buff spawn rates?!??” By the end of that mission I had survived an onslaught of 500 mobs… 500 mins killed alone by 1 helldiver out of 4. What the fuck are arrowhead doing.
Try lower difficulty
I agree with you. I'm still enjoying the game but the balance feels off.
Funny how these latest patches specifically target terminid enemy type. My buddies and I last night tried a level 9 helldive with robots and quickly realized how much worse it is. One, and let me repeat, ONE robot shoots flare for a dropship. Instead of one dropship, THREE drop in. One ship drops FOUR hulk bruisers, another drops a pack of devastators, and the final one just for good measure drops an annihilator tank. This is within the first 2 minutes of the match. When we saw that we quickly quit out and switched back to bugs.
I hopped back in a few hours ago in a difficulty 7 mission, only to get mauled to death by 40+ chargers, 18 Bile titans, a few hundred medium armoured units...  The first 4 I was like cool... We get to kill all 4 titans and not worry about them later, only for 14 more to spawn in after them.  The patch is hit or miss, because the mission after that with the same difficulty only spawned 6 Bile titans in total... I think something went wrong with whatever they tried fixing😅
Yeah, mate. You guys weren’t doin it right. It’s a tower defense mission. Shit keeps coming. You were focused on clearing endless adds rather than protecting the tower. You admitted you didn’t know the mission, which is expected with a new mission, but that doesn’t mean you not knowing how to beat it is a sign of “the state of helldivers.” Kite the BT, focus on the small buggers and the mission is hella fun with an endless horde vibe. The update was great imo.
This game was good a month ago idk how the devs fucked it up so badly but this video is the perfect representation of Helldivers 2 with the endless bile titans, the rocket glitch and the absolute hoard of trash mobs. This game is a joke now
Problem with this mission type is that Each click triggers a spawn, thing is this mission needs coordination, and even on a coordinated team some  fuck up back to back on one of the last silos and the run starts to take a turn towards a shitload of small bugs combined with chargers and titan. It is stressful, it is not easy, but should a difficulty named impossible be a stroll in the park?   If its to difficult on d8 for solo/duo/trio/pug/premate just lower your difficulty to d7.  Dev told us, they want the higher difficulty to be a challenge, and tbh extraction after a d9 mission where you nearly failed but managed to overcome the challenge fells great, but getting killed by rockedbug, loosing 3 bile titan kills ffs that just sucks and needs to be fixed
First game on new update that corrected spawn rate and there 3 bile titans with the first 10 seconds. We finished so maybe it’s balanced but I mean at least have them spread out…not directly next to one another (or in some cases, on top of each other).
The game isnt balanced because they keep making "balance" changes.  This ruins games, along with people bitching about it everybody day.
I think the devs and players have totally different views on what the difficulties should do to the overall vibe of the game. Clearly the players play this as a horde shooter, since thats what this game sort of is especially on this mission type. However compare to something classic like L4D2, the big enemies like tanks or witches are supposed to be set pieces that have big chaotic fight around them since they are dangerous and make you go "oh shit" and require some heavy beating to take down. Now imagine a L4D2 match where theres 20 tanks spawning with 3 to 4 at a time, that would get old quick. I think thats the issue with how they balanaced HD2 at this point. BTs are basically tanks, but instead of making them few and far between and require a huge beating with all players involved it just spams them endlessly on high difficulties so instead of "oh shit guys we need to focus the big guy" it just becomes "oh here comes BT 17 that spawns with 2 more, whoever has strats up just go handle it, this sucks ass" Same with chargers. You lose the feeling of variety from moment to moment because it just spams everything constantly and it just becomes one homogenous slog at any difficulty above 6 now. While 6 and below are way too easy after spawn changes. Making stuff spongy isnt the way to go with balancing but neither is just spamming everything 24/7 since it gets old. I think making BTs or variants with more abilities/hp at higher ranks would honestly be a better ides than whatever whack way they are trying to balance this.
you guys need reinforcements from xbox
Im at aloss as to why they arent fixing the numerous errors in this game before messing with changes causing more errors. Im done playing until I see a change in direction
6:25 what is with the forced / blocked steering sometimes, it's SUPER frustrating.
Totally agree m8 and great channel keep up the work thanks 💚👌
NO WaY bRo, yOu jUst neEdeD thE riGht straTageMs foR tHe joB! SkILl IsSuE! SMH.
I miss HD1 sometimes, when meta-chasers and reactionary YouTubers like you weren't bringing toxicity to the game.  Seriously, go cover Destiny, please.  Leave Helldivers alone.  The vast majority of the player base does not give a fuck about these things.  I had seven titans spawn in the other night and we had a great fucking time trying to kill them.  Grow up.  Play games to have fun again, not to be an ultra-competitive bleeding edge douche.
I complained about this and people flamed me for it saying stuff like:  Someone is stuck on difficulty 5 Someone needs to get good Just enjoy the game loser Like wtf...
My character loadout has been resetting randomly so I have to double-check every damn time now before a drop.
Imagine posting a video complaining about your skill issue.
I believe the best way to handle harder difficulties is how Halo CE handled it. Difficult but the only reason why you die is bc you made a mistake.
Simply play on an easier difficulty…
I feel like one guy must have EAT recoilless and HEAT and mech in his load out for this mission particularly 🤔🤔🤔
Totally balanced but this is fun right? Hopefully you're game doesn't crash during extract.
You chose the difficulty yourself…you played at 8 while the hardest pro level is just one higher on 9.   Try on level 5 or 6, you wont need to complain or „get good“ but will enjoy every second of the game.   The devs want a difficult game at lvl 8&9…and surprise, thats what you get…a difficult game.  I play on 5 and thats described as hard…7 is called nightmare and you were on 8.  Seriously…what did you expect?!?  If you want the game back on the fun level (as I do) then play on 5. You dont need to follow the Communitys Ego drive to play at 8 or 9. This is your quality time, your playtime…
my squad barely beat the mission on hell dive, and we didn't evac, that's how crazy it was.
Its heartbreaking to see how such a fun game went to straight to garbage can …
Bile titan 24: you know what’s funnier than 24?  Bile titan 25: 25!
Please just bring it back to launch helldivers. It was fun.
so this gamemode is protecting those towers, if they get hit to much you have to restart it, and if you just stand there and you dont finish it as you were doing enemies will keep spawning there has only been so many titans since your team hasn't tried to do the objective, that is what i learnt from playing one game, its more all the bad players than the game, Ermz you have to do the objective not just kill everything you see
Well i play dificulty 9 and hadnt that many bile.titans maybe is a bug? Or just luck?
4:42 I laughed so much I choked on my soda, good stuff
How are you complaining about this, this is epic...
A lot of people are pointing out that this is due to the new mission type - fair enough. I still think something is off about the changes they made - for example how bots behave now on regular missions like launching ICBM.  Somehow I get tanks popping out of every second bush on the planet (malevelon creek) playing at Difficulty 5 missions, I used to run difficulty 7 pre-patch to farm samples on the same missions and usually seen 1-2 tanks on large outposts and that was it for the whole mission. Taking orbital lasers to throw on a big outpost usually took care of all the tanks too, not anymore. What's even more funny is how the aggro spreads out. Patrols 150-200 m away shoot over a large pond - seemingly triggered by me using an eagle airstrike to blow up a small automaton outpost but at the same time the next automaton outpost about 70m away is completely ignorant to the barrage of rockets/space lazers coming from the aforementioned patrols.. until you fire back, then all the bots between you and the patrols are now alerted and its MAYHEM.  It's not how it used to be, its confusing and breaks immersion when I constantly have to question how did it even happen. Don't remember the game being so confusing/frustrating prior to the updates.
Nah Joel was upset with you guys. This is him Raging, lol!
I did this with my brodet on level 9 only 2. It was hard but no problem. Im nott gonna say get gud but somthig is up? 😅😂❤
For me I literally can't complete the termicide missions because the towers have such stupidly low health and the bug holes never stop spawning. It sucks big time.
I wonder how my helldive 9 runs would fair in this patch if i did not have the 2 500kg bomb upgrade, bless be my eagle 1 pilot always there to save my ass
Imagine doing this with only two people me and my cousin were getting bombarded, i still don’t know how we beat it
The new update was a step in the right direction that changed LVL 7 from borderline impossible to comfortably doable as well as you cover all the bases and coordinate with your team. Yeah, there are still too many smaller enemies, particularly Hunters, but the tools to deal with them do exist. If everyone brings the Patriot, and there are some EATs, Arc Throwers, and Flamethrowers, as well as the usual Orbital Laser and the like, it's doable. LVL 7 missions that aren't the Terminite missions feel actually winnable and generally pretty fun when you have a good team with the correct loadout and skill level. The Terminite missions are really hard for sure, probably harder than they should be for LVL 7, and there's a lot this game doesn't tell you, but they are doable, at least on LVL 7, and given I haven't unlocked most of the ship modules, it makes sense that it is at least a challenge that requires good communication and well thought out loadouts.   The update was overall a good thing, and the Major Order is pretty fun IMO. The primary weapon balancing is a joke, and I really hope the new Warbond has stuff that actually competes with the Breaker, but it is still a good game that I enjoy playing a lot. Try not spamming the button every time it fails and actually set up a competent defence before you make an attempt to defend the batteries, it is doable without too much stress.
Arnt these high priority supposed to be tougher than standard obj missions on the same difficulty? Sucks the guy rage quit.
on one hand it makes sense that the bugs would go so hard to stop us since the towers are bad news for them so kinda fits~ on the other hand its just a cluster fuck and def not the funnest thing to do even on lower difficulties.
Your last message is 100% my thought. Bug fixes aside, the changes to things is just silly. The game was in such a better spot when it launched and what they say they are changing doesn't actually seem to change anything for the better.  Less big stuff....really???? Didn't notice that. The game at (probably rank 6+) just turns into a Wave defense game. I feel like I'm back playing Sunken Defense in Starcraft. Sure we can deal with things at times and it feels fulfilling to fend off a big bad wave but doing it constantly/infinitely has been my biggest gripe at higher tiers. There should be a cap to what spawns when you alert or piss off enemies in a certain area. At the moment, it just feels like everything causes an endless mode. Do it 3-4 times a match and rinse to repeat. Sweet variety ya'll. People wonder why there was a "meta".
I mean, having no clue what your objective was going into the mission didn't do you any favors.
I don’t even go past D7 now when pre rework I stayed on D9, they are killing the game with these “balances”
Devs: we don't want pvp to avoid toxicity, also here is 20 bile titans, have a nice day lol git gud scrubs, helldivers ceo probably, most definitely
Rage bait title, poor understanding of termicide mechanics and buzzfeed word choice during the content like "I've never experienced anything like this before." I love consuming Helldivers content, but this isn't the type I like, Algo.
Conclusion is on point and please fix the 4 minute extraction time, it’s ridiculous-wave after wave of complete 💩
So this could be misinformation, but I want to put it out there.  In Termicide Tower missions, I think there is a direct correlation between activating silo's and Bile Titan's and Chargers spawning.  My first match was a nightmare, we kept having to restart the count down on the battery silo's multiple times and there were bile titan's everywhere - as many as 5 or 6 were up at one time - and this was difficulty 7.  The second match I played we only had to activate each silo once and completed successfully and there were way less Bile Titan's and Chargers spawning.     I think before activating towers, it would be a good idea for squads to wait until their strategem timers are coming off CD.  Organized group play I think could excel, but PUGs could be a nightmare.  Which would also explain why the community isn't doing so well on our new objective.     100% could be wrong about all this btw.
wow, either you are one of the most unluckiest players of this game or the director that spawns the enemies suddenly glitched for some (well look at that) unlucky reason, because you are the only one I've seen where this happened, and most other players are having a good time, I really believe is one of a kind situation, still, if this is a bug or something it needs fixing
at this point anything above 7 is "How long can you survive, bud?"
we did difficulty 7, after 1 mission we dropped back to 6 ...only to realize if we dont get  killed by the heavies (titans, chargers) we just get swarmed by the small ones, you cannot shoot and reload, re-supply fast enough before you run out of bullets - feels like a real community troll patch -.-  (you complained about it, now you get this)
My main issue with the game is the placement of the enemies not the number (the number is still kind of annoying but as i pretty much only do difficulty 9 so iv adapted to just never stop moving) i saw a post where they were suggesting a radius around the player for spawns so you dont get swamped but i feel for the new mission its to do with the map design when the batteries are practically funnels for small enemies its not impossible to beat but i feel like a similar design to the automaton extermination on the big hills would make the experience a bit more manageable but im kind of just prepared for being along for the ride with this game
This is perfectly balanced, you traitorous bug sympathizers. You all sound like a bunch of chargers and bile titans
I agree with you that this seems excessive, but obviously people are beating these missions. They said that they were seeing a 90% win rate in the hardest difficulties. That’s why they keep making changes. I if you don’t want to have to sweat so hard, play a lower difficulty.
Oh is that why I keep blowing myself up???? There is a glitch
Just an advice. To save some ammo on mecha, don't shoot at the small bugs (the orange one and the babies jumper) , just walk on them while shooting the others (shoot the small Green spitters though or you get damages when walking on them).
Diff 8 is broken. It's harder than diff 9
TWENTY?! I'm level 10 and still can't kill a single one D: Cannot land an orbital to save my life.
Completely agree.
EAT, Stalwart, Mech and Laser Drone. Solves all. This isn't a patch issue, this was your team fkin it up by trying to do multiple silos that opens multiple breaches.
I did a couple of these missions on helldive yesterday but never got that many titans lmao
normaly teams are fighting together, but in this mission all the time teammates are going out of the game. It is also annyoing that even the heavy weapons are useless against the amount of spawning buggs. I hope they realise it is a bit to much even in the high difficulties ^^. Nice video to show what the problem is with that mission :*
If yall dont know the TCS mission is supposed to force a horde/breach everytime you activate it but real talk the amount of biles wouldnt be much of a problem if my DAMN 500KG WOULD KILL
I can barely handle hard. I dont think i can handle this high and many bugs 😂
I hate the new mission type any kind of damage to the silo basically stops it from charging
The game is fun and I wanna have a good time playing it but the balance is making it so hard to do so
Today was the first time i didnt have fun in the game. It just wasnt possible to evac. So many titans...
I mean they are called “ impossible” and “helldive” for a reason  I join games lvl 7+ and expect to be under the cosh  Its the starting in middle of a mob that pisses me off (even when a neutral spot is picked)
we are In the End times also Jesus is the only way! Jesus is coming / rapture soon!..!!! it coming very soon!!  Jacobs troubles ( 7 year tribulation / hell on earth  ) is coming ( Israel formally declares war against Hamas / But now Israel is Surrounded on 7 Fronts... ) If we Christians disappear soon, Your know the Lord has taken us Home!  Now we need prayed for the Jews and to get many people saved as possible...  also Jews going sacrifice red heifers soon!  Romans 10:9-13 King James Version 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.  11 For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on haim shall not be ashamed.  12 For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him.  13 For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.  Acts 2:38-39 King James Version 38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.  39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.
Dude you got swarmed cause your teammates kept jamming the fucking silo button instead of clearing the wave first, it’s a big issue with those missions since they’re not explained very well.
The devs herd how the automatons were harder than the termanids and said fine here.
PSA: Termicide Silos work similarly to geographic survey objectives. That is to say, activating a silo triggers a bug breach. Activating a new Silo triggers a bug breach, reactivating the same silo after it failed triggers a bug breach. There's no cap to how many bug breaches you can trigger and it WILL trigger whenever you activate a Silo every single time.  Pace yourselves and clear out any big bugs before you make another attempt on the silo, otherwise all you're doing is spawning more and more BTs until you've passed the point of no return and have made the mission nigh impossible to finish cleanly.
this is just what happens on this mission type. when you activate a silo it spawns breaches that are not limited to the same spawn rates as standard breaches.  when you play other mission types the spawn rate of titans is way less than it was before the patch. and im willing to bet if this mission existed before the patch the titan spawns would be way more.  im seeing a trend with your vids where you seem to misunderstand mechanics and then blame the game for being buggy or bad balance...
Totally balanced but this is fun right? Hopefully you're game doesn't crash during extract.
Yeah the 500 is okay hitting git direct will kill it but we need a 1000kg high explosive drop
I would say, a normal day in the fight to spread the managed democracy and freedom
Handled that exact mission just fine on helldive with one friend and 2 randoms, one of which blew up my mech with a rocket turret. is it tight? Yes. But that was our first time running it. over the next few attempts we'll learn things about it that will make it decidedly less tight.  I honestly wonder at this point if Youtubers are farming the rage of struggling mid tier players, or high tier players that struggle socially to make reliable, competent groups (not hard really, use discord and talk to people, make friends).  It would make sense why all this rage is being thrown at a difficultly level that isn't even that bad. I hit my rockets less than you do sometimes, and still come out fine, as do my allies.  If your host hadn't rage quit, you probably had this in the bag. If you'd played with a reliable friend, they wouldn't have rage quit on you without asking.   If you're playing with randoms and no voice chat any higher than T7, don't expect a cakewalk, otherwise it wont be challenging for those of us who actually put in the effort to make friends/arrange voice chat casually on discord. The game even GIVES YOU VOICE CHAT.   And we're not even sweaty. I only play a few days a week for a few hours at a time, and I have a life/other hobbies.
How do you have so many 500 kilo bombs?
This game is ass now, loved it, liked it now I hate it
Whereas I do understand the criticism, i also understand that this a harder difficulty.  As in, it isn't supposed to be easy.  If this was the only difficulty option in the game, then yeah, it is ridiculous.  But you don't have to play on 8. To be clear, I do believe the game needs a bit more work as they figure out how to give weapons proper utility roles.  But I also think it is better to make the upper difficulties too hard and inch towards a good nalance rather than too easy and jave the game steamrolled.
Quit bitching and just play. Sick of you all over analyzing everything.
This guy gets it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INdEl9V9nQs&ab_channel=EternalWindTWR  TL:DR: Dont shoot everything, just delay and defend until mission complete.
WE hear, we hear you, less chargers.... that is now translated into more bile titans. So no spawning 10 chargers but for every 2 chargers is 1 bile titan. so you get 21 bile titans instead of 42 chargers congrats!
it's just this mission i was on suicide and only had 2 biles but each wave had about 12 fat boi yellow spitters and it was hell, we couldn't do anything due to the amount of bile flying around the place. i'd bet the table of spawns had biles spawning instead of something else so you got a bunch
The only thing I hate is stratagem cooldown time now and maybe 500 Kg aoe (too small)  Railcannon is cool but I need to delete super heavy targets like every 40 seconds, not 210 or something like that😂
Sounds like crying to me, my team did the termicide missions on Helldive with no problem.   You just have to work together and have the correct load out.
It just shows you that this game was once fun now it's all sweaty play ,game is okay, but nothing like it was before I don't see this game having same base of players in 2 month time ,devs killed this game
They've also made the bugs more resistant the scavengers are now eating ammo
Your team kept pressing the button after reset but before clearing? That's a skill issue bro, not a balance issue. Clear the mobs.
We played on Helldive and had 25 BT's. I think something went wrong. But it was an awesome experience.
I think they need to make the titan more dangerous and reduce the spawn rate
My game crashes and loses network randomly now
I do not understand people that are leaving comments like "Fake drama" and "Drama farmer" when this is an actual serious issue with the game right now. I had never experienced before a feeling of such drastic change in my gaming experience in any game before. Since that fabled patch, when they stealth changed without announcements all of the spawns. It is actually annoying, not hard, to play like this, having zero window to breathe and just having 24/7 onslaught of enemy. To be fair, it could be just this new mission problem, due to the map and area where we are much smaller, and potentically cause of it having so many biles concentrated in one place. Because even on tier 6 you have moments where there is 4 biles going one after another at you, specifically on this one. At this point I enjoy playing against automatons much more, just because I can use wider range of support weapons to deal with threats, instead of just recoiless for bugs. Really sad that this game goes in a weird direction, where "skill issue" gates completely big chunks of games content. I really enjoy playing this game, I had alot of fun pre-patch, but it just feels so bad playing it. I really hope that they will adress it somehow really soon and revert to at least pre-nerf enemy spawns. I dont even care about railgun, I just like using my rockets and sniper. Just dont make the game harder, while making players much weaker.
Why do you sound so familiar? You got any other channel??
We’re now at the point of activating the terminated control system. Thematically it makes sense that the bugs are throwing everything they have at us because we’re about to unleash the TCS
That's what I'm gonna call it from now on: Farm tequilo
...bro  You dropped into a group of uncoordinated randoms on the second hardest difficulty of a mission type you didn't know how to do  And you still almost won  This isn't even a map type that you get lots of samples on, there is literally no downside to dropping the difficulty if you want a more casual match  Are people seriously only going to be happy if they can just cruise through every difficulty level like it's nothing?
dude joe is trippin and dev said its a skill issue wtf! bro i was a beast before the nerf doing level 8 missions and yesterday i go into a suicide and i was onky able to extract because of my teamates, this is insane stop! nerfing guns in a pve game bruh! smfh
I did this mission on difficulty 7 and it was hard still but was nowhere near as bad as you experienced at level 8. I personally have not noticed a difference in the spawn rates for heavies in other missions at level 7 compared to what it was before the patch. I have done the new mission a few times and the spawn rates for those mission seem more intense than the other ones due to the amount of bug breaches.  I have not tried a 8 or 9 mission in sometime so not sure if its any better than before. Honestly your team did really well to even get two of the three Silos with all those Bile Titans and Charges so fair play.   Maybe they do need to tone down the spawn rates even more but also you have to factor in there will be more and more powerful stratagems available for us to use soon enough. I would love the developers to buff the Spear as every time your trying to lock on its like being on the phone to some call centre trying to talk you through troubleshooting to get it to work. However when it does work and you get the one shot kill its like getting a hole in one.
Lol the first 100 seconds of the video already said enough XD
This happened just because they spammed the silo activation... this is not in all rounds by no means. Ive been playing Helldive difficultie since level 20 and Im 41 now. This is 100% triggered by not doing the n3 silo correctly, spamming its activation, failing until host left and not clearing waves before trying again. Not understanding what you needed to be doing and ignoring fight mechanics is the only reason that many mobs spawned...  this aint a patch issue, just player issue
i love how you are not sugar-coating it while everyone else acts like everything would be alright.   then again: how are you even using the Mech ATM? is it only bugged on PS5? because there i can't use it at all ATM due to it blowing up almost every time i press the fire rocket button trololol. F this S. 😢
Another complaining video without you be properly informed, I'm assuming you trying to milk views in some way... This is a wave based map, that's is triggered by activating any of the batteries. I mean you click the button and 3-4 burrows spawn instantly, by watching the video this team didn't wait even 10 seconds after failing to start the new one. Also for a small map mission it's 40 minutes so don't expect to be walk in the park at diff 8-9. Today I did it at diff 9 and it took us 30+ minutes to complete.
Me n the bois aren't amazing so we just sit on D7, but going in, no knowledge, we just split up to activate separately when we realized how bad an swarmy it was. It's a lot easier when two of you are pulling the heavies, and the other silo only ends up with trash that can be wiped out fast. Still took us 20-ish minutes to arrive at this plan, and we ran out of reinforcements probably 5 times, but it felt viable
Hunters are too OP Lol
if you don't look at it as an update, but rather the terminids sending in their main force, up till now we've only experienced their scouting battalions.
I played difficulty 5 with a buddy after joining him when he was solo and his randoms left the mission early.........5 bile titans and 7 chargers for the last battery silo... this update is crazy
Hey man, just gotta say that I appreciate you being honest. A LOT of people dont like seeing this game criticized for whatever reason, even though we all want a better game. Sure, opinions differ, but when something isnt a one off sentiment and people actually feel like a part of the game isnt very well balanced, I think its worth taking a look into even if some people think its fine.
I would gladly accept twice as many bile titans and bile spewers in exchange for no more chargers.
had a 29 bile titan mission on difficulity 7 before the update though
That looked like a good time. Stop being a child. Play a lower difficulty if your not enjoying it. Whats your problem?
so you don;t understand the game mode, drop in, and bitch about not understanding the game mode... ...nice...
Devs DESPERATELY need to play DRG to see you can STILL have difficult game AND have fun while being pressed on all sides.
I think there is a hidden modifier in the game that affects the number of titans and their health, and it is always random.  Because in some games there are not many titans and chargers, but in others they are spawning to each other.  It's the same with their health.  And in your case you were just unlucky
Yep, failed the first mission, but we got it the second time around. - Team needs: get one or two EMP morters (best strat in the game for defense), everyone with orbital railgun or 500KGs, everyone with one mech (2 call downs a game), some with the laser drone and then a support weapon of your choice I use the laser cannon+scyth+laser drong for good DPS output, other folks who still use the railgun or one of the rockets. - Aim: go slow and aim at the mouth, not the forehead, two rockets from a mech will kill a titan if aimed exactly right (hard to do), two rockets to a leg on chargers and a burp of MG will take them down, a mech can take about 5-7 big things solo (20 big things between the team) in the first 10min then they come off CD and you can do it again. Along with EMP to slow them, you can pull it off. Regroup after each silo and resupply a bit. - Comms: essentially a must is to be active on comms Coordinate titans, chargers and groups of commanders/hunters  In anycase the mission is basically impossible and that's the difficulty level so seems right, Lower your difficulty level Most people are probably in extreme. Alot of things and bugs need to get fixed, I also died to rocket glitch.
Maybe, just maybe the devs don't want the highest difficulties in the game to be easy... If only there was a way to play this game at a difficulty that is perfect for the experience I am looking for... Oh wait there are 9 difficulty's to choose from.   This game caters for everyone, from the top 0.01% to the people who have never played a game before. That's a good thing!
You don’t have to play on the big boy difficultly stay on challenging and keep melting bugs with small arms
"The cope is endless" truer words never spoken
and i stopped playing a week ago, dont see myself coming back any time soon.
Yes the game has its issues.  The only one you addressed was the rocket glitch.  The majority of this video can indeed be summed up ass "skill issue"  There are difficulty settings for a reason.  You and your team made plenty of mistakes that can be learned from.  Like that you can melee in the mech.
It is not that bad. I tried diff-6 to understand mission. Then I played diff-9 with 3 other randos. We had a pretty chill game with relative goofy play and easily finished the objective with all 4 people extracted. Definitely no sweat at all. I brought Eagle 500kg, orbital laser, and EMS turret.  I can point out minor tactically issues on your play (like 500kg placements, conserving rockets on chargers using machine gun on peeled off legs). But ultimately, the main mission went bad because you were teamed up with 3 much less skilled individuals: none level 45+ and two level 20s. Knowingly or not, you were carrying them, instead of carrying each other if you had 3 level 45+ randos. This put a lot more stress on you, and also dragged out the mission timer. If you look closely, it was just 1 titan per minute (15 titans at the T-19 mins mark). As long as you completed the defense objectives quickly, say at the 8 min mark, you just had to deal with 8 titans, which was not that hard with 4 competitant team members and good stratagems.
This isn't fun anymore, Titans should be hard, but should be unique, it already lost it's uniqueness because it spawns too much even on difficulty 6 or 7.
Tired of Youtubers/redditors crying about not being able to do Helldive difficulty as if youre supposed to be able to do it 4 weeks after launch. Youre not.   Check your ego, go a difficulty lower or two, and enjoy yourself there.  This cry-bitch meta of having to main Helldiver difficulty is ruining  the game for humble players.. because your need for HD difficulty to be "easier" has ripple effects on players that are takin lg their time and arent trying to dopamine chase the game till its last drop.
This is why with over 200K players running this new major order, we can't seem to get past the 1/2 way mark.🥴
I love a good helldive difficulty, but even on challenging theres heaos of shit, i did it to relax and still had to try lol
With EAT its easier since its basically a 1 minute cooldown, with 2 people having EATs its much easier you basically get a whole recoiless worth of amo and 4 people can each carry one gun. Also the incendiary probably made things harder than they would normally be. But yeah, those insecticide missions are fucking crazy.
This mission is horrible to say the least. The fact that we have to wait so long for stratagems to reset and then primaries being so weak, and now the endless swarms of enemies, hunters, chargers, bile titans, etc. is seriously the worse I've seen yet. I know they are still tweaking the game, but holy hell dealing with this is horrible.
They made the game harder to play while taking away the weapons we used to complete missions and gave us a Mex suit that's practically useless. They have gone straight into panic mode the game has been out for 6 weeks. Theirs no need to nerf and change up the way the game is played usually you don't see changes like this 3 months into a game lunch.
Can you stress test the AR-23P Liberator Penetrator?
Honestly, I think this is a terrible opinions. It's a horde survival game, at the second highest difficulty, were you looking for a red carpet? A pat on the back from the bugs and a nudge in the right direction? There was no coms, no coordination, no team play, everyone was off on a solo experience most of the game, not much target focus, playing a secondary with a scary long reload. This is what higher difficulty is supposed to be like, and it's definitely doable because I've done it. Not everything is meant to be done first try with ease, you literally made it to the last step so I don't see what the problem is, it's not like you were halted at the spawn by endless hordes of bugs. You triggered spawn mechanics before initial breach's weren't cleared. Games should be hard. What would be hard if it was just loads of little guys, nothing. And also, don't forget the capabilities of the game master to fuck with people like this.
I thought they nerfed the amount of spawns the bile titans had, but nope, i had like 8 last time i played on DIFFICULTY 6
A friend and I duo'ed this mission on diff. 6 and had no problems whatsoever. Just take it slow, take the titans down one by one and DON'T RUSH THE MISSION.
2 Ems turrets and orbital ems 2 tesla turrets - set apart (everyone stays away)  And whatever else team runs , makes the silos way less hectic and stops most death loops occurring
what difficulty are you playing on i did this mission on extreme with friends and it wasn't this chaotic
Damn. Loving you spreading the word.  They're ruining the game.  Now its only fit for masochists.  Instant subscribe from me.
Its a weird issue where I think the Devs really want the difficulty for 8+ difficulty missions to sort of be too hard right now for the tools we currently have. The Railgun was the place to be having a repeatable downing machine for the big guys. I think they need to give the rockets more ammo and more impact against bile titans personally or the warbond they are releasing soon needs to have a lot of tools for the big creatures that have repeat fast use options.
You simply don’t get enough to deal with what comes. I don’t mind SOME missions having 5+ bile titans and chargers, except that once your strategems are on cooldown or you die from a hunter and can’t get your support weapon back, the mission is over.   For defend missions there needs to be support drops or something. There should be eagles dropping turrets, mechs, supply caches, maybe even strikes.   Most missions you can run away, but these stationary ones are nearing impossible.   I’m also a firm believer that there should be reliable mechanics to take out all enemies with your base loadouts. Heavies aside. I shouldn’t need to flank basic mobs or use half a clip to kill one enemy that isn’t a heavy. Every non heavy should have a reliable way to kill them in a few bullets so that i have ammo for heavies. Why don’t our primaries minorly penetrate all amors? Hive guards are a terrible mechanic that needs flanking or a full clip to kill while being swarmed and i only have 6-9 clips to work with and a 3 min cooldown on supplies.   With the new balance of more small guys running around, it seems you need a full squad of 4 with two running ad clearing loadouts, and two running heavy clearing loadouts. But we don’t all play in groups of 4, and even then, we need to runsome minor defences on all loadouts for every enemy type  Support weapon strategems should be changed to. Remove the cooldown and give me 3-4 maximum. I only need to call it again when i die and can’t get to it, so cooldowns don’t make sense to me vs having a limited amount to call in.    TLDR: i don’t mind the mob density and amount of heavies. BUT GIVE ME THE TOOLS TO BEAT THEM. Helldive should be the only difficultly that should be nearing impossible like this.
Gosh, you guys are a bunch of crybabies. Go home and be a family man.
If bile titans died to one recoilless to the head like in the intro video, this kinda of chaos bile titan marathon would have been a completely different experience i feel like.
I played this mission on "hard" just out of curiosity and the spawns were still outrageous
If we are successful with this goal, then no more Terms will spawn here... at least that is my understanding. So... it makes sense that Joel goes all out trying to make it difficult for us as we attempt to complete the TCS for each planet.
"Skill issue bro"
The devs really want us to shoot the crit tummies.
I don't know why people are complaining! On the same difficulty level sometimes you have 12 titans, sometimes you have 2! I love it! Keeps everything fresh and entertaining!!
don't get the hype over this game  fucking stupid game
Get gud, nah but in all seriousness, clear the titans and as many enemies as you can before activating silos, it is actually pretty easy if you are ready for it.
Ive only been running lvl 7 Terminicide missions and havent seen more than 6 titans in a match im more upset that with each update solo diving becomes more and more impossible add that to the toxic community that kicks for the slightest not at all justified reasons.
It was like this before the updates. I recall a D7 mission where we had about a dozen bile titans pop up in the span of 5-10 minutes while we were trying to take a drilling/mining objective. The mission following that to close out the operation was super quiet by comparison. Some missions will be a cake walk while others feel like a literal suicide run.
i had 14 bile Titians spawn in an extreme match I know this wasn't the difficulty range that was affected but last time before the patch I would only have 1 spawn.
Man i dont see what the problem is he dealt with all this shit lol
everyone had to cry and complain and this is what we get , it was perfect for the first like 2-3 weeks
Yeah they have clearly lied about fixing spawns......
Why dont you just play a lower difficulty instead of asking the devs to lower the highest difficulty for everyone?
There are 9 difficulty levels. You are playing on the second hardest one. 8 and 9 both state "massive enemy presence." This is NOT broken and if anyone is frustrated or you are having a hard time LOWER the difficulty. I've seen a lot of your videos and you put out pretty decent content but this take is just bad.  20 Bile titans in 20 minutes? You can kill at least 3 of those every 7 minutes with just the recoilless and no resupplies (note: the bile titan will resist damage if in a spitting animation). 500kg can kill 2 bile tians for every 2 minute rearm. The mech can deal with 7 bile titans with all of its missiles. This means that you can effectively kill 12 bile titans on your first set of cooldowns. You could deal with EVERY bile titan in this game and more ON YOUR OWN (All though very hard). There are 3 other players with 12 more stratagems if everyone was running the same loadout as you the entire party could kill every bile titan in this game the instant it came up and deal with chargers with no sweat.  You have a teammate that can only kill 2 bile titans every 2 minutes and some ad clear. Your other teammate has a mech but clearly doesnt know what hes doing since he kills himself with the bug thats easily avoidable so realistically he cant kill bile titans and will sometimes kill chargers with the autocannon. but mainly he has mediocre ad clear with the laser and eagle airstrike. I have no idea what your 4th teammate is running but clearly it wasnt enough to help.  Bottom line is, this video is outrageously disappointing and I dont want to come across as rude or hostile. Your team was making this mission extremely difficult because half your squad (and maybe even the 4th guy) was basically useless against heavy enemies. A well equipped team of above average players should be able to do 8 and 9 without failing. The developers intend 8 and 9 to be the hardest difficulties currently and it should be treated with respect in that regard. Bringing optimal loadouts that synergize with your team is a must. Having good knowledge and skill should also be required.  As a someone who very briefly did informative content on this platform, this video frustrates me. You should be informing players on HOW to complete this missions. What stratagems to bring, recommended loadouts, and advice for completing the mission with the least amount of hiccups. Spending the time and effort to make a video thats basically just a big complaint is not at all what I would expect from a content creator like yourself. Especially because you fail to realize that this mission was actually just made impossible by your teammates loadout choices.
I've done quite a few of the new TCM's, and I have to agree, that they're f*cking hard! And before anyone calls me a poosie, yeah, I only run helldives. There's even more chaff enemies in a helldive than what you see in this vid, it's so overwhelming that they push you out and away from the silo's, making everyone run around like headless chickens.
they need to go back to day 1 patch with new servers problem solved
Termicid issue
I dt the spawns are the issue bc it’s fun fighting them but we just have enough means by which to take them down efficiently. Either nerf their headshot damage like the charger or buff our stratagems and support weapons
Then turn DOWN the difficulty. I can do it just fine. Is it easy? NO we don't want easy or we play Hard or Extreme.
Enemies arrived, you all dealt with them with ease on dif 8, still complaining xd
Even the "skill issue" "git gudder"'s are gonna struggle at this point. It's not that you're not hitting shots, the problem is running out of ammo faster than they spawn in, even if you hit ever shot. There's literally nothing more you can do. What's next? trying to take down bile titans with arc thrower and laser cannon?
I'll have you know that the giga-brains on Reddit have assured me that this game is currently in a great state, perfectly balanced and that if you don't agree, you clearly suck, need to 'git gud' and are a chud with skill issues.  /s
So they stressed and made it clear that mission type is generally gonna be harder than usual. We have only ran into this issue on that specific mission type. Which makes sense based off the goal of that mission
The sad part is the spawn rates for lv4 difficulty is also crazy high and near impossible for 2 or less hell divers.
Lmao git gud or play on easy, this guy bro...
Bro, I feel you. the last update was horrible.
For what it says on the packaging, the Eagle 500kg bomb reaaaally needs to do more than what it’s currently delivering.. If you don’t exactly hit the exact nanometer of a bile titan’s center, it’s basically useless.
It's the automaton Evacuate Critical personel all over again. Only instead of 10 tanks and 20 hulks and Old Railgun It's 10 Bile Titans and 20 Chargers and no Op railgun...
ehh only 20 BT hehe
Its definitely difficult but ive noticed the spawns have improved - I am able to actually do these missions with the right loadout and team.
i think they reduced bile and charger spawnrate PER breach and not overall so a mission like this has little to no effect since there are multiple breaches each time you activate one of the towers
Am i the only one who is okay with failing a mission when playing on higher difficulty(8-9). Its okay to fail. Also you cant really use this as a example when its your first attempt at the mission and you loaded in uprepaired. Or am i wrong in saying that.
i swear the update is the opposite of what it says it did. Increased Charger and Titan spawns + added increase of “chaff” units too.
They should revert all the changes and instead of nerfing the rail gun buff the other weapons
No lie… I thought I was buggin
9 mins in and no idea what the mission is... is the problem.....
The bile titan spam on termicide missions is pretty hilarious, especially after them saying they reduced heavy spawns.
The developers are flat out lying to us.
Bring both mortars, an auto cannon and an orbital strike. Its a defend mission. People are running in there with eagles chucking it on top if players and sentries.  Doing this with cmrandoms is not fun. About 1 in 5 teams are incompetent. I now exit the match as soon as I see the wrong loadouts.load outs. Also, doing this on controller sucks. Can we get a proper remap to shapes while holding L1
Idk what I just saw I started this mission on helldive and never got more then 6 bile titans on average are the difficulties bugged?
So that later some idiot from reddit comes to say that the photos of 6 titans are fake, and they are prepared...
Had a 500kg bomb kill two titans that spawned from a bug breach, very satisfying.   Had a 500kg literally direct hit a charger and then bro walked out of the explosion like a G and proceeded to stomp on me because I was so awestruck. He was indeed him.
Had to stop half way, too much stress 🤣
I called it. The reduced number of chargers is nice, but the main problem with bugs is just how many enemies you have to constantly deal with as a result of the broken spawn loops. I get that while fighting bots is more about being precise and tactical while bugs is about piling on firepower to cull hoards of enemies, it shouldn't be so extreme that I'll be less than 5 minutes into a mission and I'm already out of ammo because I just cleared the 5th bug breach.
You're complaining about a mission being too difficult while doing it for the first time lmao.. xd @TsunamiWombat explained what probably happened.
Wow. The game is imbalanced and missions are too hard yet you're playing level 8 with randoms that you also have muted. No communication in a squad based game?! The squad was separated and activating objectives randomly in a mission type and difficulty deliberately designed to punish poor team play. The icing on the cake is the gaslighting and straw man arguments issued to dismiss criticism before it even arrives. I like your channel, but damn. You need to look in the mirror. Maybe drop the difficulty a bit if you're playing a brand new mission type. Hell, you have a YouTube channel, do a basic amount of research before you drop and form a half assed conclusion.
I think most people forget what type of game this is. The first game *had 6 MORE DIFFICULTIES ABOVE THIS. You would not extract from 50-70% of those high level missions. You are not meant to breeze through objectives, you are not meant to wipe hordes, you are not meant to survive. In the higher difficulties, you are meant to be staggering around, barely alive, just long enough to complete the objective, and often times not make it to extract. That is the point of a HIGH DIFFICULTY. Too many games these days play into the "Superhero power fantasy" where you triumph against all odds, and people are spoiled by it. Yes, you have heavy munitia and orbital support, but you are just regular people. You are expendable, and you are meant to die. I dont get why people are having such a problem with the updates.
Isn't the 500kg 1 use/mission?  How did he call down so many?
The terminid players encountering difficulty since the fall of malevelon creek.  "I get it now"
I swear on my left nut that they buffed bile titan health, it used to take 2 mech rockets to the head to kill one now it’s feels like 3-5 to kill one
Friendly reminder that starting the objective will spawn more bugs even if there are stragglers from the last attempt. Rushing all three at once with my friends was the worst mistake of my life
im totally with you. Did the same mission on difficult 7 and Chargers everywhere...  I play helldivers 2 as a nice game after work. And i fear im dropping out.  And no its not a skill issue. In this case its a balance issue.
The mech self explode bug is actually fucked, it triggers normally if you’re moving while shooting the rocket, its not even a quick turn issue now. I drop down a mech to turn the tides and it fucking blows itself up and wastes a respawn, it pisses me off.
This is one of those missions where sheer brute force is not going to cut it  Try using smoke grenades smoke eagles and a smoke orbital along with maybe a 500 kilo  Smokes are the way to go!! If the enemy don't pull aggro to the silos you can allow them to fill up as fast as possible
shouldnt things be difficult at 8 and 9?
your host/group had a gross misunderstanding of what that mission was about. its manageable. i hope you played it more and got a better understanding of how it works and add an addendum to this
Okay so i have played the new game mode now and i can tell you whats going on here:  FYI: A wave of enemies spawn every time you activate a console. If you clear a silo but dont clear the previous wave before you activate the next, you get two waves of enemies at once. During this game i can see you are spaning two waves at the same time the whole match, therby doubling the enemies on the map. Try another mission type and you will find that the amount of titans and chargers are much lower post patch.
uhhh easy fix just reduce the cooldowns of the strategems?? dont touch anything else and see what happenes (fair and more fun imo)
Imagine having to kill enemies on a game.
17 Bile titans in 22 minutes. That's around 0,8 per minute💀⬆️➡️⬇️⬇️⬇️
I mean, in the mission we are literally spraying pesticides across KILOMETERS of planet surface. Makes sense the bugs would sent everything they've got at us.
You ‘content creators’ are the biggest whiners for engagement there are. Adapt, overcome, it’s not that hard.
Idk why you would buff enmies and nerf players based off how manny hell dive are done
I think you have a point but at the same time you're being unfairly uncharitable here. This wouldn't have been nearly as difficult if the missile glitch was fixed, the aoe for the 500kg worked properly instead of being about half of what the actual explosion effect seems to suggest, and your rockets actually always worked on the face. All of these things aren't intentional game balance issues but rather bugs that need to be fixed. Maybe instead of demanding yet another balance patch we should give the devs some time to fix these issues first and then when that is working properly we can see how the balance feels then.
ill be honest, this seems really difficult but also is supposed to be difficult, you guys managed for a long time too, the game is supposed to have this shit happen thats why the characters are so expendable
It seems like this mission is coded similarity to defense/evacuation missions. I wouldn’t use it as a way to showcase the balance of the overall game. Just the mission tuning for these specific types of missions are crazy. We’ve already known defense style missions have gotten pretty crazy. Even before they got buffed, it would spawn a ton of elites.
This is pathetic. The devs have completely dropped the ball. They CLEARLY don't play their own game, at least at 7-8-9. Time for a break. Once they see their CCU fall off a cliff, maybe they'll realize what we've all been saying...
I got stuck in a lobby like this once. Since its only ever happened once I assumed I was stuck in an endless bile titan spawn loop bug. It clearly has never happened to you before so I would assume the same thing. Its incredibly disengious to say this is the state of the game. Whatever gets you views I guess
The orbital Lazer and rail cannon needs a rework on their homing when it comes to titans as they're bodies are way up and you see the Lazer just melt the floor beneath the titans
play lower diffuclty
Having non stop bugs/crashes since last update..
I hate how when I die there’s always a fukin mob around my old support weapon. I won’t even have any samples and they’ll still sit around like “hey guys, look what I found
I was doing this mission on helldive, there was just an endless spawning of bile titans in a triangle around the silos, just a constant pace of bile after bile. Not to mention all the mini stalkers and chargers flooding the area destroying the silos and chasing people down. The host quit the game too for me
Pelican pilot MVP
CEO SAYS, USE MORE STRATEGEMS, USE OTHER WEAPONS ? WHICH ONES THOUGH . i hope this game dies. I really want this game to be in a state where everyone enjoys the game not sweating their ass off like its esports.
I'm glad to see you be critical of something you enjoy, instead of embracing toxic positivity or just being blind.
“There is any easy solution to this….just use your strategems.” - arrowhead devs who play on 3 and below difficulty
Could not agree more.
Your content and commentary on this game is well above the rest of the crowd on Youtube right now. Your videos are well edited, well presented, and I always look forward to what you're putting out. Please keep up the good work!
Good it's not just me. The game just isn't fun anymore on 7+
today runs were so bad on higher levels its crazy to think our guns the work  horses of our kit are just meh when you need them to survive   i barely made it out of one of those operations today 1 on lv7 i tell you with a team of high 40s and 50lv that knew what they where doing it's not fun helldiver team we need better guns and fast.
Try hards saying your just bad , forgetting games are meant to be fun, and artificial difficulty spikes by having shit events that fuck up your game-play for no reward, and ai that can 1/2 shot you in a second moment from range, does not make it fun for most people.  You want your bullshit sweat lord, all running meta levels? Ask fore modifiers that make games insanely hard for insane reward, like titan hives, or tank factories. 7-9 that give you huge xp and molah for daring to take it on, but you only get it if you get out, no reward for failure  That gives all players what they want, the fun of blowing up bugs and bots for the average player, without being locked out of ship upgrades due to insane spikes in difficulty vs like 1 week ago And also the ability to have insane difficulty with like 5 titans coming at you all at once, for rewards such as xp/molah and maybe some unique skins/titles. Stuff to really mark you being kick ass and top percentile of players
Stop crying about everything. The match looked like a lot of fun, you just want an excuse to be negative.
You dealt with a lot more than you needed to because the objective wasn't being focused. This is the fault of going in at high difficulty before learning the objectives first.
to be fair, isn't this the kind of intense chaos you want at difficulty level 8? I am just not sure what people want in terms of difficulty in a PvE game.
I really hope your channel gains more traction man. I thought I was losing it by seeing the amount of channels praising the games current state. I feel like the game was much more balanced a week or two ago.
Really like this game but latest nivdia update crashes game, no biggy rolled back to last months....10 min server entry rubbish but shows how much people like the game. Getting kicked from.the 1st 3rd 5th and 6th game......man the servers need to be sorted
Dude it must be so much fun taking out that many bile titans, can’t wait to get back into the game :)
I think this event is very interesting. The mech with a decent pilot trivializes swarms of terminid heavies and part of me thinks this is the devs gauging how much the players can handle WITHOUT the free extra exosuit. This, along with the nerfs theyve made to the terminid heavies in general.
🤦🏻‍♂️
1 shot headshot  on chargers WAIT WHAT ? DAMN, wait you can also one shot with any rocket now ? DAMN  what about auto canon it useful yet besides looking cool ?  anyway i always just test the waters in solo medium if new missions appears - so yeah that helps alot with not getting overwhelmed by things to do  also i dont think it was a rage quit but it was more of a server dc we get them sometimes - i had 2 just the other day ones in evac with 2 titans and one in hte new mission - the spawn rate is part of the mission though since it is literally a mission to totaly eradicat all of termites on the planet so obviously they will have their last stand  - good thing is though if we finish that we get closer to the next system
isn't that a 500g bomb instead of 500Kg ?! 😆
honestly thats the worst I ahve seen, done that mission 5 times today(1 at 7, 3 at 8 and 1 at 9) and sure there were a titan or three pr silo but not had any games with that many of them. Not saying getting this many titans isent bad, just saying the sample size is a little small yet and you might have just gotten a extreme outlier.  Or I am just lucky as fuck,again small sample size.
The irony of wanting to go back to release patch spawns after so much push to change.😅
I don't understand why you complain about the difficulty of missions marked as Impossible or Helldive. Go play Trivial instead.
Amazing work!!!!!!
How are people so good but so bad at this game? The titans were spawning nonstop because yall were restarting the silo nonstop.   It’s so obvious just do one at a time. Nobody would have fun doing what you’re doing, but you did it to yourself. One at a time and actually defend it so you don’t have to restart it while still clearing the last wave????
Honestly, watching this video makes me want to be playing this mission lol. If there is not a significant risk of losing (let’s say 20% failure rate for a properly constructed team) on a difficulty named “suicide” or “impossible” I don’t think that it is worth bearing that moniker.
Yeah, I did Helldive on this mission and boy was it an experience. Couldn't even protect the silos without whem being swamed and dying almost instantly to the sheer horde of bile titans and chargers. Doesn't feel like much of a change. 🤣 Armies of bile spewers too. It was rough.
Facts  Make the railgun shielded backpack great again.
People just don't want to admit that the game has a problem right now, and they don't even play above 7.
I watched this guy's video a couple days back where he said "I don't post drama content" but every video of his I've seen is just complaining about every patch. Like goddamn bro do what you want but at least own up to it
"We have tuned down the spawn rate for high tier enemies in favor of more rank and file"  They just doubled the spawn rate of everything, and I know that rather than admit a clerical error in a single line of code was made they'll just say, "lol skill issue you idiots, git gud"
Dont play on impossible difficulty if you dont want a challenge.  The entire point of the hardest difficulties is for the game to be hard, require higher skills and coordination.  If you want it to be easier, drop the difficulty.  If you want to play solo, drop the difficulty.  Its not rocket science.  There are 7 easier tiers, find the one that suits your playstyle.   No endgame in a pve game where everyone can do the hardest difficulty with nothing to work toward = dead game in 3 months.
They lied to us
I had to switch my PlayStation off after my first termicide mission 🤣
Is it too early to ask for a vanilla server?
I didn't experience that many heavies. Though I keep getting crashes every now and then.
I didnt see notes on the arc thrower but this update broke it  It cant fire through bushes and half the time you have to aim 10ft above the enemy just to hit it
110mm Rocketpods > 500kg Bomb, always has been...
Considering all the complaining and now knowing what you're doing, you did pretty well.
I had a game yesterday on difficulty 6 and there spawned soooo many bile titans, like 15 or something. It was impossible to complete it and I had to play on a lower difficulty
It is funny to watch people say "get gud" and then when you bring up multiple examples of problems they say yeah well of course the game is going to need to balance this, and that, and this, and that. We were so close to that balance at launch, we just needed the broken/useless weapons to get buffed (about 50% of weapons). Now we are stuck in the 'balance' yo-yo.
Spawns in these missions are tied to silo activation. Looks like your team kept activating and then when the activation got stalled just doing it again before clearing the first wave. Complaining about spawn rates when your team is literally pushing the spawn button over and over seems... Like an option lXD
This exact same thing happened to me and my duo friend… on difficulty 6. I have no idea what’s going on
I hate how many bile spewers spawn now i had 10 at ones spamming the mortar attack from behind a mountain while 5 were on the objective behind me- Temicide mission difficulty 7.
Every time you push the button to start a silo you trigger a wave of enemies. Regardless what you think, that’s probably the most badass footage you got in all your time on YouTube. That’s how you do war in video games.
I actually have no problem with the game being super sweaty at levels 8 and 9. They're the hardest difficulties in the game and should absolutely be *hard* to do. Frankly I'd be ok with 7 being hard too if there was any easier way to get super samples.  But yeah, implementation as is doesn't feel fun. That number of bile titans feels like the game expects *everyone* on the team to have recoilless rifles or EATs but I guarantee you if they did you'd be facing mass waves of spewers and hunters instead. A varied squad loadout should nominally allow you to take all comers but in practice most missions feel like the game goes all in on one tactic leaving one guy feeling useless and another overworked.  Maybe if we could bank support weapon reinforcements and I could more readily give a recoilless rifle to the guy who regrets bringing the grenade launcher or something would help but you'd think the hive mind would see the first five bile titans die and decide to try shaking up its tactics and send out spewers or mass chaff and warrior forms instead?
If you play the very highest difficulties and demand they be easier so you can beat them, where are sweaty e-sports professionals supposed to get their coop fix?
Having way less fun after the new update and way more frustration even after the first match, idk why the need for increased headshot damage ( on the enemy side ofc ) was needed , idk why the increase spawn counter on normal enemies was needed and idk why after all these buffs to the enemies we deserved a nerf to the weapons we used , if it's necessary to nerf the weapons then don't overly compensate by making the enemy absurdly op , I played Helldivers 2 because it gave me that left 4 dead , 7 days to die , dead rising vibe which i enjoyed not the ESports level of stress and frustration it currently gives.
Fun is the mission of Democracy!
I actually don’t think the host rage quit, I think the game crashed for him. This happens constantly to my teams at the end of missions. I’m done with this game, I regret the purchase though it was fun when it worked
Wait at the very start. That’s total annihilation music. That has to be.  Edit: The end is also TA I think it’s called Desolation, blood of the machines or where am I now?
So I see a ton of problems just in the first 5 minutes of this video. All I see is a group of players who don't know how to play the mission and are running around aimlessly triggering waves of enemies. You're literally doing this to yourself. Stop complaining that the game is broken, put on your thinking caps, and learn how to play the new content before releasing some nonsense to YouTube. This video is the embodiment of the stick in the spoke bicycle meme.
epic fight!!!
Yeah...this video convinced me that I need to give this game a rest and come back in three to six months, maybe. It depends how much worse the developers will screw up this game in that time period. Considering that they are - apparently - gearing up for the release of the third enemy faction, balancing them and fixing the sea of mistakes they keep making in the meantime, it is going to take them forever for them to fix the game into a state similar to what it was on release - a state where everyone (well, ok most of us) could enjoy it. And I do have to point out that I enjoy challenging games like Dark Souls and Bloodborne - not just ones that feel like I'm mentally slashing my own wrists, like I feel this one has become.
I just quit playing the game and went back to building in enshrouded. Im just waiting for dragons dogma 2 at this point. This game will eventually fall appart if they keep doing this awful shit to it.
aren't meteors so fun!!!!!!!!!! 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
You just said yourself , you have no idea what the mission objective was.. and comes to find out your other teammates triggered those BT when activating those silos,
An Incendiery shotgun has little stopping power. me experiencing the first game with this garbage and throwing it into the trash bin: NOWAYING
I uninstalled the game. My experience was one to one the same to yours in a video with my friend group. Only instead of rage quit this game just hard crashed my PS5. Glad I got a Platinum achievement while the game was fun. Devs will kill the player count with this shitty updates.
I also still don't get the railgun nerf because now the reccoiles rifle kills chargers better then the railgun did before it's nerf, like what? I am sorry but two railgun shot to the leg plus a considerate amount of ammo to the leg is very balanced imo. With perfect aim and like most of your primary weapon ammo you can take 10 chargers. Now with the reccoiless and 0 primary ammo you can take 6 chargers. But somehow the railgun was broken? Also pretty sure they nerfed it because of the 2 hit kill bile titan bug that IS STILL IN THE GAME (it only happens when you have a PS5 player in your lobby) and they still haven't aknowledged it. It would also be amazing if they buffed armor.
Might be a hot take but it’s mine… Arrowhead know how to make a great game but sure as shit have no Fkn clue how to support it, balance it, run it. 🤷🏻‍♂️
DUDE THAT LOOKS SO FUN!
its easier if hou have PS5 host, you railgun can be unstoppable. 1-2 shot in the head full charged
"The New Helldivers 2 Update is SO Much Worse Than We Thought...'' NO, that's exactly how the difficulty "IMPOSSIBLE'' should look like, I hate how all these YouTubers keep spamming videos about how the hard difficulty is hard.  I would love to see everyone crying while playing deep rock galactic hazard 8.
This... I tried to do it solo on difficulty 6. Not 7, not 8, not 9.   𝟔.  I couldn't do it because there was 5 bile titans who spawned just for a single SILO that i activated only once.  What the hell were they thinking ? I would understand 1 or 2 bile titans in diffulty 6 for the whole mission, but 5 for only 1 silo ???  Naaaah they fucked up another patch, again ! And i'm not talking about the chargers too because they were a lot of them too for some forsaken reason. We don't have enough ammo or stratagems to deal with this. Especially when the stratagem can also stop your Silo progression if it's being hit, but it's the only way to kill everything around the silo, so you're fucked anyway. This is so illogical.  They are losing so many players because of all of this shit, we went from 450 K players dailys for a whole month to 300K in a couple of days and i won't be surprised that it goes to 200K by the end of this week.
Worst thing about bile titans is, even if you use gun to shoot the sacks, its immortal to everything but rockets, railgun or bombs. You just cant shoot it till its dead.
wow... twenty titans... that's, I mean... words. words go here. I don't even know.
After a game yesterday, I left the battle more than confused.  Everything seemed so jinxed. It is not even the balancing. It is reversed balancing. More heavies AND more trash to fight. Plus, very strange behavior, which I would have blamed bugs for, but this was something other. As if they taken away the random stratagem behavior and transmitted it to everything else. I never could steer my hellpod. I dropped a mech. I saw it landing. I turned around to fight of some trash. I  just turned around towards my mech after 15 seconds. It was gone. No wreckage or anything left. Stratagem was then on cooldown. Spontaneous explosion of the whole team at different sides of the map. The Breaker incendiary, which I use mainly since the very first hours, suddenly works different on the trash. I had to shoot Hunters three times in a distance of a few meters.  My teammates went panic as me and everyone was blaming the other, that they don't come to help. But the truth is, that everyone has its own three Chargers to deal with !!!!ON LEVEL 5!!!!! I hope, that hey start an "operation Health" like Rainbow 6 did, to fix this shit. I'm pretty sure, WiFi-Players still get kicked out of the game (strangely everytime a event starts). P2P Servers???? So the Servers of Arrowhead are "just" for the management of the matchmaking? Okay... I'm not an IT-Expert, but I would think, that this is a minor job in comparison to dedicated regional servers. And when my PC has to do the heavy lifting of hosting a game with 4 players and hundreds of enemies.... why do I get roundabout 10% thrown into matches with asian players? The ping has to be abnormal high to grant a stable connection?! Is it, because some players only get their game to work, with a vpn-tunnel, which is als a unacceptable bug for a final released game. Every patch even more bugs.
it seems termcide missions still have the old spawn rates the other missions really dont and feel much more manageable and this sucks cause we need to complete this order to progress and losing on this order this week we are screwed
Devs: Hey bud have you thought about y'know gitting gud?
Think the game just hate you bro I was on difficulty 8 and only got like 8 or 9 bile titans
I just did it with 2 of us on Helldive.  Probably need to plan out your stratagems better More emplacements. Gatling just burns ammo on Heavies. Gatling, Rocket, Autocannon will damage the silo, if you're not careful. AoE stratagems damage the Silo. Mech is a great weapons platform.
Seems like a titan is spawning roughly with every breach. Considering activating the tower spawns 2-3 breaches, this seems about right.  Clear the bugs, then activate the tower. If your teammates spam the activation button, you'll get swamped with breaches. Watching the mission timer, your teammates kept trying to rush objective, which only sends in more waves of enemies.  Termicide on Fenrir III is double hard because a single meteor can cause a battery tower to restart. Take your time clearing the bugs, stop spamming the damn button, and you should only have to deal with 2, maybe 3 titans at a time if you're unlucky.  Still too many titans, obviously, but your team is mostly to blame here.
They should just revert back to what they had in release. This is becoming unplayable
It's a skill issue.
Seems like a lot of complaining for someone who admits to not knowing how the mission type works. This is literally a skill issue. The game only spawned so many heavies because someone on your team was forcing spawns to happen over and over. Maybe play for more than 10 minutes before posting a video crying about the changes?
Rolled a -1 in spawning and it became infinite
Edit: does seem to be a few more bile titans than we did on helldive but only by a few but youd think the spawn rates would be a bit more rigid between difficulties but theres a lot of cuts here I cant tell if theyve been spamming the silo or not which just brings more enemies i do think the keywords of this video are "i dont know anything about this mission"  Yea this is definitely a team issue, my squad did it on hell dive after a few attempts of trying to sort out our strategy, really just took a whole lot of coordiated effort, not spamming all the silos which causes more breaches.   Now we can complete it pretty regularly
Thank you for helping all the blind fanboys see.
Guess it's an issue of having too many difficulty options in the game, you can increase the difficulty so much with additional enemies without modifying health or damage before it gets ridiculous.
The game first suffered from success. Now suffers from pride. Another game another meltdown.
I have to say: Yes that was just insanity what I just saw. But the game is called "Helldivers" so you buy Hell you get Hell...I guess
In higher difficulties the whole team needs to have rail canon and laser beam including personal shield. There is no alternative. Weapons like autocanon and recouiles are dead on arival. Just in this mission you need one person with an autocaon or gl for AOE.
I went into this video thinking it’s just drama farming since I’ve only done a few eradicate mission since the update but that was legit crazy
This is what happens when the devs tailor the higher levels towards challenging the top 1% of players in the game. The other 99% are left to suffer
probably the only game game that got spot on at d1 and got worse and worse with every new patch from every point of view, optimisation,difficulty,meta,overall enjoy and bugs truly amazing
Oh it's not just the bugs (heh, get it?) Bots sometimes will spawn a patrol at a POI, get stuck, spawn a second patrol, get stuck, spawn a patrol...you end up with 90 light bots, 50 devastators 100 walkers and 12 hulks just chilling in a hole. Then 4 flares get shot and reinforce half that army.  Oh and this was a difficulty 5 btw. I tried again on 7 and got 11 tanks and 4 anti-air tanks with it. The 500kg straight up doesn't have enough pierce to take out anything there. Yes, and explosive cannot pierce.  I went from playing 5's to relax and 7's to have fun solo to being forced into 3's solo and 4's with a buddy to avoid making threats at the devs. Launch Helldivers 2 was so much fun I put 200 hours in. Now I want a refund  I don't want to point fingers but I think we need Joel to step down for a week. Something at upper leadership clearly got fucked up
Game is fine, to me. I am tired of vaulting supplies though hahah
I’ve been wearing out my tiny violin.
4:02  "Mind you at this point i have no idea what this mission type is about"  Mind you i didn't even finish this video. Drama content at its finest :)
The general state of the Helldivers 2 community is currently like this: "Git Gud" - "know the weakspots you numbnut" - "you suck, go on easier difficulties" and so on, there's no healthy discussion between the players, it's either left or right, nothing inbetween, it's a shame to see a game like this be soo divided on opinions and getting ripped apart by trolls and keyboard warriors. This game was glorious previous to the "nerf" patch, yes it had it's faults and flaws, but the general gameplay was a whole lot more enjoyable, and I had the feeling of finally finding a game that was worth investing in.  Untill the (excuse my language) retards started to hyperfocus on unbalanced weapons, in a PVE game, which eventually caused a rush of bad updates ultimately making the game experience way worse than what it was in the first place (apart from the server cap problems).
Man shame on you if you need such clickbaity titles to do any good on YT. I'm playing Helldive difficulty all day long and it's fine... I mean, its hard. But should be Hard AF. If you want to be easier, you have 8 whole levels below it to adjust for your skill level. I don't get it.
That looked absurd. That was a decent pug group also. I haven't been able to go past 7, because 8 and 9 are just not fun
ive had almost zero problems with the Towers.
Huh, so you are one of those “content creators”.
I did the same mission on the Helldive and it was ridiculous. It was me and my buddy with 2 randoms, we did 2 silos before it became literally impossible for the last one because of the constant breaches and titans that would spawn. We got close to around 70-80 percent twice but it got reset. I think it’s doable but you need to be really on your A game and have a full team all with stratagems that play off your team. I think the best way would be 2 people on defending silo from fodder enemies with flamethrower and combo of sentries, while two others are on bile titan duty and charger duty. The guys defending silos bring in rail cannon strike or 500kg to assist on bile titans while they focus on making sure enemies don’t hit silo but idk it’s really tough
thank god they nerfed the rail gun just use your stratagems to take out the 21 titans and who knows how many chargers
YouTubers try not to blow things out of proportion for clicks challenge: (impossible)
gladly there is no Bile Spewer there, otherwise everything would be chaotic as hell. Bile Shower, Bile Raining... whatever we call!!
Dude is definitely using macros.
In some ways automotons can feel easier because their armored units have 'better' weak points. I've killed a tank by a shooting my shotgun into the vents. Try killing a bile titan without a strategem or support weapon.
I have found great success doing a "lure and kite" instead of just trying to kill everything. --- right now in the upper difficulty (8/9) we have had a good success rate (6 successful on 8 attempts) --- Not saying it was intended this way. -- but a different style works well on this mission. - Try activating multiple silos at once. -- one will always get shut down, but the other 2 usually succeed -> then lure all the spawns away from the original silo before activating it again. --- Good luck and happy hunting!
I mean, this is difficulty 8 out of 9, so seeing a near constant supply of bile titans is to be expected imo. But yeah this might be a bit much with the rate at which you can get options to kill them.
I can't lie that just looked like a tonne of fun - me and my team usually all drop in with EATs so we all have anti tank options, with their 60s cooldown they are incredibly reliable. Idk for me the game is called Hell divers so on higher difficulties the game should feel hellish with relentless waves of enemies.
Bruh it's a horde shooter, what did you expect? Try Deeprock or Darktide or one of the Vermintides if you still like horde shooters. You have to think, it's only been 5 weeks, they're still sorting the balancing out. That gameplay was still better than the 20 BT's or chargers simultaneously like it used to be.
well uhm... is that worse than before now? Didnt play level 8 so far. But it does look like they raised the heavy spawns as well as the small ones lmao
interestingly on difficulty 7 on the same mission i saw two bile titans spawn at most. So theres a big spike of difficulty onto 8. Or maybe it depends on the planet? I was doing it on the desert planet
That is insane... Especially to go through all that and have the host quit, brutal.
But what about all other mission types? I usually fight the Automatons so not too familiar with spawn rates on terminids, but you mention yourself you weren't familiar with this new mission type (I usually do new missions on way easier difficulties first to figure out the mechanics), and from what I've experienced these new missions are essentially 3 "annihilate" missions back to back while defending the towers. Annihilate missions are already more intense then normal longer open spaced missions but they don't seem as bad since you only go in and out in a couple of minutes. This could just be an instance of the mission type itself needing a rework with how many bug breaches they open up at once.  That's why I'd be curious to see what your thoughts are on other mission types, to see if you feel that the patch might work better on those, rather then a new community untested missions type.
I played the same mission on difficulty 7 and only faced like three Bile titans and only a handful of chargers is there such  difference in difficulty seven and eight ?
Just you complaining and crying the games too difficult for you , that’s sad
Smoke nades are a must with the recoiless rifle. Throw one down, sit in the smoke and reload
Just so you know, every time you interrupt a reload you lose the magazine you just inserted and, even though the animation plays as if you are part way through the reload when you get back to it, you actually use ANOTHER mag to complete it. This is why you have no rockets left. They are devoured by this reload bug. Apparently this happens with all weapons, but the speed of the reloads makes it WAY less common? I'm not sure about that, but I know for certain that it is effecting the recoilless rifle. If you can (and I know it's a crazy ask with the 1 million year reload), try not to interrupt the animation at all when reloading to get your due of rockets.
I wonder something, I wonder if it has to do with that brand new mission with the Silos, my group and I last night were getting overwhelmed on difficulty 8 with the silos too, counting roughly more Titans than Chargers, yet, on the egg hunts, eradicate missions, and I believe Blitz missions, the spawns seemed to have reflected what the patch notes said. Maybe it has to do with there is constantly bug breaches going on while a Silo is being secured? And due to the high volume of breaches, it unexpectedly increased the number of heavy spawns as well? What are your thoughts @ErmzPlays
When the update dropped, on diff 7, I had the same bile titan spawns, roughly 2 dozen before we just quit that attempt. Then we did it again a few min later, same diff, and not even 1 titan spawned (and only about 3 or 4 chargers the whole round). Idk if it was a ninja hotfix, but the rest of the rounds were very, very tame compared to that first one. It was like fighting a damn hydra.
Considering the nature of the patch, or at least its intent was to reduce the heavy spawns, I think it's more just the patch got borked. Hopefully it gets fixed soon.  It's likely always going to be more difficult to balance the higher difficulties, as they really should be a more hellish experience that drives home teamwork and appropriate loadouts. The threat of being overwhelmed is part of the horde shooter experience, and these are the higher difficulties. That said, 20-22 Bile Titans just constantly coming in one after another is ridiculous. Regardless of skill there just isn't enough ammo or strategems to kill everything, especially in more of a holdout type of mission like this where stealth isn't an option for the players.
Yeah I experienced this too, the new mission enemy count is crazy
They thing that chargers are the issues that much? THe issue is litteraly bile titans! We can't take them out unless we use 500kg or railcanon and it's inconsistent as hell!
I done this mission and had 32 bile titans just pop out of thin air right infront of me
I look at the video... why is it that the warriors still dont exist? fleas, charger, hunter are still thousands while warrior barely exist. what is this? we were told its horde shooter, yet where is the warriors? they gave us only punching bag and bricks to deal with, and barely a warrior.   I expect starting from diff 4, there will be more bugs to shoot at. more warriors, yet its only green fleas, orange fleas, hunters and more charger than it is supposedly on diff 4. How is it we get 5 charger at once on diff 4 and the warriors barely have any increase in number? then diff 5.... 1 titan... 2 titan 3 titan! on a single bug breach, but where's warrior? What is all these spawn that still spew out tons of armored bug but still no warriors?  Up to helldive... still no warriors, more armor is given, it is expected of helldive, but seriously.... there is still less than a hand worth of warriors?
Do we need shorter cd times on orbitals?
the elitist gidgud crowd will swarm your comment section for this video. but i hope you keep making them. maybe they want the game to feel miserable in the higher difficulties, but i want it to be fun. this shit is not fun currently. difficult, yes, but not FUN.   the devs have a philosophy that fun should be derived from maddening difficulty. its a very edge sweatlord mindset to have imo.
Again, another miss here, wah wah wah. This looks so much fun. 21 bile titans what a win for democracy I can only dream of being honored with so many spawns on one drop and the chance to take them all on.  All i hear is cowardice.
Jsut so you know, my bro and i played termicide tower last night and onpy on hard difficulty, and we got nothingnbut chargers. And im nit exaggerating, there would be 10-15 chargers at once. We could barely kill them or do anything with the towers, if we killed a charger two to three more instantly would show up from every side. This made it literally impossible. It ended with us being super disappointed in the game. Maybe something like this could slide on the highest difficulty, but this is only hard, level 5 difficulty i believe. They have fucked this game up beyond belief. Not to mention social tab is totally broken.  And im sure bile titans in numbers like this are hard, but i dont think you realize how easy younhad on this round. Chargers in insane quantities are impossible to deal with.
Yep on PC we experience same thing, but in the next game when PS5 player was in the squad only 2-3 Bile Titans and railgun 1 shot headshot them (the spawn for PS5 is super low and the DAMAGE is super high) 😅😅😅
We tried it yesterday 4 times, testing some setups. The Tesla Tower and Autocannon Tower were really helpful. Other than that I had the Cluster Strike and the Laser Robo Backpack. Biles really got melted from the Autocannon.
Gawdamn you motherfuckers aren't happy about anything
It's difficulity 8. It should be that insane.
I know it’s hard to catch all of them, but I’m seeing a lot of bug breaches. Idk how many you all were able to prevent, but stopping them is definitely a priority when I play with my friends. We usually have one person running around simply on smaller bug duty to make sure that they can’t call in bug breaches.
just go down a couple difficultys..
NO  "Skill Issue" has never been a solid point. Especially since the people who make that argument are never good players in the first place. There amateur trying to tell professionals how to play...so its a lot like professional sports.
All that Titans and you still managed to finish 2 Silos in under 5min... without comms... and first time on that mission type you didn't even know what is to do... on second hardest difficulty.  That's game is all about that tension and dispaire of getting overwhelmed by enemies and still get it done in the last second. If you don't like that there are still 7 lower difficulties to adjust to your likings. We managed to get it first try on diff 9 with premades and comms and i was almost disappointed, i would love to more min/max tactics and strategems and teamplay to get it done :) Not saying everything is perfect, though :P But overall the game is great fun =D
glad you were able to make a video on this. even on the missions that feel like the "new" balance you just get swarmed by 50 hunters stunlocking you and wiping your team, and that can be on 6 difficulty.
I love this game but some of the devote nut hugging for the game is absolutely insane, the game has some outright bad design decisions and broken things. The social tab should be working flawlessly in a co-op driven game, yet my steamfriends are not shown there anymore, one day they just vanished, friends cant join me through steams overlay either. Buddy of mine on ps5 cant send or recieve any friends requests from or to either platform even after multiple game reinstalls.
Do you mind if I share this video of Reddit and give my thoughts? You brought up a lot of good points, but I’d like to add to/expand on them
I think the key for bugs now is the breaker incendiary.  It melts large groups of chaff from range and can even 1.5 clip / burn the chargers to death when shooting them from behind.  Our premade of 3 did this mission on helldive but it was not pretty.  You use EM gattling turrets and smoke grenades to reset agro (if you dont the bugs focus the tower) and play it like a survival mission.  The waves are endless and they track to the towers which in turn means they result in bug bursts because of nearby players.  This major order seems to be more about a losing battle of attrition that you can win by stalling long enough while the objectives charge.  You cannot win this mission by combat.  Personally I feel like the Bot missions are worse than the bugs.  I really don't like being 1 shot by a predictive rocket or dying to a units that have almost no counter play from the front.
I know that its a shit fest on higher difficulties.  Why not just tone it down to hard or extreme? At those levels its not nearly as bad.
Let me see if i understand. You are playing on difficulty 8, second hardest difficulty available on the game. Isnt that what its supposed to be, you know... Difficult? Like, enemies across all difficulties are more or less the same, a charger on difficulty 1 will take the same effort to take down as a charger in difficulty 8 but i mean, is difficulty 8 and that mission which i did in difficulty 3 and they throw you several bugs, for that high difficulty, that seems pretty normal to me.
Not gonna lie, the game wont survive for long with all this balanced shenanigans i know the game is recent but we all know how the gaming community shuts down fast from a game , then only the hardcore players are gonna stay, but those cant make a survive.  Yes i know the game is recent once again, but a game thrives or dies from the first impressions
“Skill issue”🤓
The spawn rate does depend on the planet your on
The problem i have with defends nd these type of mission is i cant super credit or samples i rather fram the other stuff
I genuinely dont see the issue your team are handling the enemy and finishing the objectives and it is difficulty 8
What i am learning from this community is there are a large portion of people that dont really understand what is going on lorewise or how a DM would set a losing mission where the players are suppose to fail.
Solution : play at lower difficulty, also maybe play the mission more than once before making judgment calls. You had no idea what you were doing.
Just bump your difficulty down by 1 or two and enjoy the game. What is wrong woth some people?
I thpught everyone agreed that the 500 KG bomd was bad, so why is he still using it????
I still remember how these changes were not in the patch notes. Now the is not as fun anymore
I'm sorry you had to endure that but you were fantastic mate, also commentary made me laugh my ass off. On the other hand yes I do agree game still needs tweeking.
Clickbait
That match looked like fun, you guys were on level 8…..the game isn’t supposed to be easy on that level.
Horrible video/take. Same with the last video. If you dont want this kind of challenge, lower the difficulty. Its really that simple dude. It sounds like you just want to comfortably clear helldive difficulty everytime and 1-shot everything. If thats the case, the liberation war pecentages would mean nothing. We liberate/win everything and there is no game.
So you make a whole video complaining about balance showcasing a mission type you don’t even understand. You have a modicum of control over the spawn rates in these mission types because the bugs spawn breaches when you hit the button. You can set up in advance, wait for cooldowns, resupply. Y’all did none of these. You did however, take to YouTube to complain and try to capitalize on the patch wave. Videos like this are what ruin the community.
yeah I had the first mission with a ton of titan as well. Second one, however, had asolutely none. Except one during extraction. It was on the same difficulty. Also people really need to stop bringing the orbital laser against bugs. It fucking sucks for them.  I think the first round of this mission somehow has fucked up spawns because everything else was much better.
Just saying, you’re complaining about there being 20 bile titans, yet you and your team killed all but 2, which you still might have killed had the game not crashed. And that was solo queued as well, difficulties 8 and 9 are designed to be played as a fully communicating team.
You are spot on with this one let's pray for some better patches
I did this mission for the first time yesterday and the amount of bile titans that spawned in made the mission impossible to do.
“The hard difficulty is hard”
Love listening to people complain about this game. The game is literally meant to be like this it’s not just from the balance updates. They change things for the missions on planets and the major orders to make them harder, easier, or just straight up fail. They even said that we completed the exo suit major order faster than they anticipated so they are probably making this one hard to make it last. Play a different mission on one of the planets that’s not a major order and I’m sure it’s a different story.
I honestly believe it's cope that won't let people be objective of this game and constantly defend it as it is their "Investment".  While I am raging that I no longer play the game I bought but some unbalanced bullshit of an early access.
I mean granted these missions are hard meaning. If buddy speed on the one right under hell dive, I think it's impossible yesterday so there's that.
At least the devs nerfed the railgun and shield…. and took 3 shells from the breaker and added recoil. That was more important
Hey, I heard you like Bile Titans, so I got you a Bile Titan for your Bile Titan!
It's just this new mission that's difficult in particular. When activating the batteries, waves will spawn to attack the battery. These are not the normal spawn rates!
maybe we supposed to lose against joel this time
yeah the thing about buffing the tiny bug spawn rates... it means more chances for bug holes and more bug holes mean more chances for the big boys. more big boys means more AT needed and less crowd control can be taken which in turn leads to even more chances for bug holes... suddenly automatons don't look so bad now eh? at least when they call reinforcements you can snipe them as they come in for a landing.
When the devs dont play the game, this is what happens, i've done some recordings of my gameplay too, where in the new mission we had like 10 titans spawning, some of them skyfalling. <3 and they said the spawn rate was changed, yeah right.
I think it may still be bugged for a large amount of people. I also played the new missions on Helldive and I always felt like there was a reasonable amount of enemies. Most Bile titans at one time was like 3 and a lack of chargers. Then the enemies wouldn’t even spawn in during extraction. This only really applied to the tower missions though. The other missions in the operation felt “ok” but sometimes there’d be like five chargers kissing my ass.
Gonna be honest man, your last 8 videos have all been complaints after complaints. I get the feeling you just dont like the game, and if you dont like the game just stop playing? Idk why you are making video after video just ragging the game, it's getting to the point where it seems you just want to spread negativity. Are there things that need to change about the game? Sure, but going turbo doom and gloom 5 seconds after a balance patch drops and saying the game is ruined is really stupid and short sighted.
I like the small ones spawning like crazy but ye the 2 chunky boy spawn rate has to be way lower. I  mean I would make them way stronger and put a charger limit spawn to 4 and 2 to the titans. Make em act like a "boss" or "minibosses". And maybe make they drop samples or smthing worth killing em!
11:54 : *"to get community on side"* I don't know if that is dishonnest or just misinformed. You don't rally the community by saying positive things, but by blaming the game. See, majority of people are casual (not a bad thing), so you'll always gather more people around "it's the game's fault" rather than "it's the player's skill issue's fault"... that's a basic rule. That being said, I agree, the difficulties on those mission are off the hook. Have a good one.
This mission works like the geo surveys it seems, forcing breaches on activation, best way we found to deal with this ones was to clear tge immediate zone of small bugs or patrols that might be close and then rush breaches as soon as they popped with arc throwers or flamethrowers, but i did notice each generator would spawn 2-3 bile titans every time, plus alerting spawned patrols, so each generator ends up being around 5 titans at difficulty 8, now I understand why they waited to unlock the mechs for this event.
Ive seen lore leaks of this misson, i think thats on purpose xD I dont think these missions reflect the "fix" in any other mission the patch should work i guess
So 7-9 difficulties supposed to be hard, so lots of titans and chargers is how it should be, only thing is frequency of their spawn. Titan dies to 2 EAT/recoilless shots in the head or 1 500kg right under it (best way to land it is is to throw beacon right when it start to spew bile), but if titans spawn to frequent you cant mow them like scavengers, so they should spawn as fast as you can get weapon to fight them. In this case I would say thats a skill issue and bad cooperation, lasers are also not that great for titans.  In current state it can be possible, but it narrows meta to recoilless rifles, EATs and 500kg, with anything else its just impossible.  Rail cannon cant one-shot titan, laser does it too slow if it even can, arc is too slow, mechs cant take so much titan and still be useful, turrets cant take them before they get destroyed.
you know in the discord, there was people saying this update made those levels too easy now. I see they were wrong.
havent tried 8 or 9 on this mission yet, but on 7 didnt happened to me that hughe titans spawn
I feel as if the devs are actively working against its own community. I'm a troll, this is troll-like behavior
This *cannot* be intentional. Those titans are supposed to be a spectacle, not something that's spammed so much you get bored of seeing them. Are these elite units really so elite and meaningful if they're being shat from the dirt by the dozen? Remember how you felt seeing the first charger, the first bile titan. How immediately that feeling is obliterated when suddenly umpteenmillion more start popping up.  Not so long ago I recommended the fuck out of this game to my friends, and now recently they've started looking into it. It feels like introducing one friend to another, but when you arrive at the latter's, they're a complete fuckin' mess and you can't help but have intense second-hand embarassment lol. Like bruh, I swear it's not always like this, it's just a bad time, that's all. Ya'll know exactly wtf I mean.
You're already level 50 so obviously the game was too easy previously. Stop crying so much and try harder.
Have you seen the bile titans killing themselves with their own spew against the shield generators??
I heard that bots go crazy tooo there is mission where one dude show 20 tanks on spawn.
Idk I think it makes sense for an impossible rated mission to be extremely difficult requiring team based strategy 😒 the other difficulties are still easily manageable, even with the railgun nerf two unsafe shots to the head is enough to clear a titan if even it takes that, I still get a one shot about half the time.
Break the cycle of forcing yourself to paint the light in such a bad narrative
Me and my teammate were playing this mission on dificulty 6 or something, we killed 1250 enemies and still were unable to finish the mission
I’m not a big fan of the government 🎤
I'm honestly okay with the ridiculous amounts of enemies as long as the weapons are actually useful.  It was just frustrating to have weapons clearly designed for the tankier enemies just do nothing to them.
Considering the work you were able to do on your own, I don't see how 4 players can't deal with this much. Count about 2 titans per minute, how is this unmanageable ?
Stop crying
Ah, yes. Everyone who disagrees with you must be insane, right! Not toxic at all.  Someone of us have experience in diff 15 in HD1, and know what to expect. It's obvious the vast majority of players just don't know how HD has worked for ages.
Fix = Make a recoilless rifle or EAT one shot a titan in the face.  That would have made that mission viable IMO.
This take is a massive miss. Played the new patch on 9 all day and it was much better.  Why aren’t people using the mech vs bugs? 2 rockets kill titans and 1 kills chargers. That’s 7 bile titans in a single stratagem
How many bile titans should spawn in 5 mins?  Yes.
The great thing is that they have 9 different difficulties to choose from. The last ones are masochism declared.  It's supposed to mean it's names... "Impossible - Hell", etc. It's because it is! Only the best, most trained squads will be able to do it.  The video would have been awesome if the tittle were something like adventurous, or you knowing what you are signing to, and still were "up to the challenge", not complaining because there is a challenge.  Did this exact mission some times in a row now. On difficulty 7 was a breeze. On 8 was hard, but doable. On hell, just a group of known friends that are good on the game, with stratagems that combo each other to be able to do it. That is what it's supposed to mean..  If it's hard to you, lower the level and enjoy.  This childish complaining, regarding the fact that your skills won't allow you to do the most difficulty missions, so... "the game needs to be changed, because of my lack of victories", is really, really bothersome.  Back in the days, we had games that were so difficult, that people that could actually finish it on maximum difficulty were praised, or even would appear in the game magazines of the 90's... Imagine what would be Dark Souls if they listened to the complain of the difficulty on the game. lol
What i noticed with that mission in particular while the bugs dont stop spawning the bike titans and charger spam really intensifies when you press the button to defend the silo which you fail then press again b4 you've clear ads or led them away.
Best loadout I've gotten good effects with on 9s: Autocannon sentry, Mech, Rover, EAT-17, Punisher, Revolver/Machine Pistol. Punisher keeps things staggered, rover clears trash... mech for overwhelming a bug breach, sentry for titans and chargers. Prefer the revolver to punch through hive guards. And I'm constantly dropping EATs to have explosives on standby to fall back on while kiting
Rocket Pod / Auto Cannon Sentry + Dome Shield
jeeeeez, 4 people can't handle 20 bile titans on 8 dif... Open your eyes and understand, game is balanced around 4 players and 9 dif. When you start crying about 'Higher difficulties is sooo hard when i played with randoms' you just destroying difficulties differences.
lmao just get good
Honestly, I had best time in this game before first patch. At this stage at level 26 Im barely playing more than 1-2 games.
Exactly why I've stopped playing unfortunately, and watching your video has just reconfirmed to me why it's not worth the frustration. Hopefully they will rebalance the game soon.
This studio HATES 400k people playing their game.
Being unable to steer onto titans because they don’t want to tighten the zone where you can’t land is so annoying, like power steering feels like a useless upgrade during these missions
I mean.. if it's the most difficult level, then you shouldn't be complaining it is too hard. It is meant for those who are able to work as a team and such.   Drewski made a video about this recently, and they love the update. Makes things more challenging.  People forget that there is a fun versus reward system. Another youtuber went over this for tarkov, too.  What's the purpose of the most challenging difficulty if people just want the easy way out. To be fair, that's the case, then the loss of the creek would be more embarrassing and a disappointment. However, im just speaking what came to my minds so you shouldnt take my comment as seriois, but it is just my opinion.
Yeah, cool rant video, however... it's caused by the mission type, to be specific by the fact that your teammates spam button on silos before they cleared previous wave and also because they focuse multiple silos at once, which makes breaches stack on top of each other, creating this bloat mass of titans and chargers. Also, it seems like that was the case for the early morning on march 13, since right now spawn rates are much more adequate.
I am pretty sure these are special missions designed to be this bat shit insane, the philosophy being there's a reward at the end of this hell (like mechs). However, I sometimes see situations not to far from this in standard missions and they really need to think hard about how they want to balance the game moving forward. I don't see causals sticking around if the state of the game remains like this. At the same time they have to be careful not to nerf the game to the point were a lot of the magic is lost. I do no envy their task at hand.
Honestly i just want the game we had at launch back... even if they want to keep the weapon changes...
I mostly agree, but I also find the experience to be in line with how I imagined the hardest difficulty should be for a wave defense mission.   I personally don't want the BT to be killable in one shot but the many examples in this video alone does show some inconsistencies in how they take damage and I'm hoping that will be addressed.
But launch meta was pretty much the same thing we were all just forced to use the railgun. Youre the exact reason why companies struggle with balancing games cause no matter what they do its not good enough in your eyes.
To complete this mission on helldive shock towers at every choke point into the battery deals most of the small guys then 500kg bombs for titans and eats for chargers  then support weapon of choice that can help  clear away med armor bugs and or to clear chargers as well this is what was working for my group at least. Just be carefully the shock towers have decent range and will one shot anyone that goes to close.
I'd give my left nut for them to revert the game to how it was at launch.
I've watched a few videos of yours now. This game isnt for you. Enjoy the clicks though. $$$$
Honestly not having fun with the TCS missions. Way too many bugs, and killing them does nothing, unlike in a defense mission. You have to defend 3 whole towers that have low HP and take friendly fire damage. Super fun!
a true helldive
Stop the whining you babies! Wææ wæææ wæææ it's sounds like.
Me and a couple of randos encountered like 18 titans on a difficulty 7 mission, ridiculous.
Dude the mission is quite literally about defending the objectives just long enough to activate each tower. LITERALLY THE WHOLE POINT OF THE MISSION is that they don't stop coming until you are able to extract. So yes there will actually be infinite numbers of bile titans and enemies in general if you don't compete the objective. And even with all of that, you were within one tower of winning even though you literally didn't activate a single one, your teammates did. All that and it was your first time playing the mission and not knowing what to do or what to bring on the second to last difficulty. Did you want to fight one wave and just sit around while each tower was being activated?
i watched someone's solo attempts at this mission on diff 9. it s like whenever you push the button , a least 3 biles pop up if previous ones are out of service by the divers. So...this mission demands a  heavy team to protect the sentry team that protects the silo. so there are 3 silos, you have to lure them to one while set up defending the second one that your are actually trying to protect. the first silo that got activated is much like a lure the crowd onto it.
I LOVE DOOMERISM CHARLIE!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE DOOOOOOOOOOOOOMERISM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We did a helldive and had 31 titans on terminid control.  Im not doing another TCS till this order is over.  Things are getting worse.
is this because of the mission format? i still remember my time doing defense major order for automaton, they throw hulk and 2 tanks in every waves. defense mission spawn rate is really sucks man
Balance is what makes this game great. And right now it's a turd.
I think they balanced the game with 50 to 100k players in mind. They might've also preemptively balanced it with new enemy race and new weapons that'll come along with it in mind too. Still it doesn't change the fact that the balance is off.
Yup this is basically what I experienced yesterday night on level 7…freaking nuts
I’d take a Spear any day over 500 since 500 just aren’t reliable for anything. They also probably need to buff exo suit rocket to at least have damage on par with EATs since I’m finding myself killing more charger with EAT than with exo.
The issue you’re having is that each time you reactivate the battery towers, it WILL trigger a breach, regardless of how many enemies are left.  So don’t immediately restart the system until you sufficiently clean up the area and got a defense plan in place.  Some CC with EMS mortars would also help mitigate the chaff.  The Termicide towers are a mission that requires more focus and consideration than even Scientists Evacuation. You can’t just bully your way with just equipment; change up your strategy, not your tactics. And then, *change your playstyle*.
The issue is these devs are smart and when people complain about too many chargers and titans they make them easy to kill but up the spawn rare of all the other bugs lol. I wish YouTubers would STFU and play the game and stop complain about oh it’s too easy now it’s too hard like damn do y’all want a good game or a easy game where you can do more content with easy meta builds click bating people with your one shot builds lol. The gaming community is screwed because here we have a good all around game and all people do is complain and then the devs do a update and now people still complaining lol like how bout go make your own games then people lol.  Ok rant is over
5 bile titans.... and five more bile titans.....
this was filmed after the patch that said it toned down heavy armour spawns?
Go at difficulty 8 Begin reactor 1 Fail Don't deal with the remaining bugs before trying again Spawn even more bugs as a result Repeat 20 times Get absolutely swarmed Complain about game being too hard judging by a single game.  Seems about right
Everytime you activate the silo it spawns a BT. Don't activate the silo until the field is cleared.
nah, its just realistic. live or die, sometimes it luck, sometimes its skill, but that's war baby
I feel like the game became much harder with the new update, i can't pinpoint why but i have much more difficulties recently, even in lower difficulties
i mean defense and rescue mission are the hardest one with the massive spawn rate when you do this thype of mission people need to pread and kite the anemy away from the terminal
They need to fix the spawn rate of Bile titans and Chargers. They also need to fix the sample farming because I can never find the purple samples and when I do the evac ship leaves too early or my teammate leaves us to evac. Allow me to buy some samples from the ship but a price thats understanble since their rare.
Honestly the Bugs atleast seem manageable compared to automatons, they just straight up spawn 50 robots out of thin air on you and don't stop coming with the hellfire of lasers also god forbid you don't get sniped by a random rocket.  These spawns are just screwed no matter who you fight.
I guess after checking how easy it was to defend the planet to get our exo-suits, they tried to ramp up the difficulty with this one and see how it goes. Its most probably an experiment to now where to balance the game and whats the limit.
I mean it's a defense mission and your loadout isn't exactly set to defense. Someone in your team nuked the objective. The objective was inactive for nearly half the video. Those missions aren't, IMO, too hard even if you do the objectives one by one, and if you don't they become laughably easy because bugs will target the objectives above the players or turrets and generally focus one of the 3 objective at all.
Bro stop shitting on a great game. It's petty
i think the enemy density is fine its more so that enemies never stop spawning ever in helldivers 2 currently. other coop shooters like left 4 dead or deep rock galatic have dedicated moments where enemies spawn in large waves, and dedicated moments where they dont and you can chill for a bit. helldivers has no such privilege and its kind of a mess
i think this is intended because they gonna release the APC soon and it could have alot of fire power can could have some supply asswell like this bug is too strong and super earth reinforcing us alot more fire power , but if not this is really HELL mode like the name "Hell Diver" and they need to explain something about the patrol system and breach maybe something that we can do to reducing the spawning
Even if everyone was running rail strikes, rocket pods, orbital lasers, and spears... it still wouldn't be enough, even after this was "dialed back". LOL Too funny
Dont know why you all cry, we played yesterday after that update difficulty 8 the whole evening and it was not really hard tbh. We also played this mission 3 times and had the only failed mission of the evening. This was only 1 time out of 3 where we failed and it was difficulty 8. So stop crying. I dont understand why you need to play on helldive, just invest some time if you want that instead of crying. Sorry I dont say that lightly bzt it really seems like a skill issue to me... Helldive should be hard on a scale like barely manageble for a experienced 4 player squad. If you don't have that simply dont play it. There are different difficulties for a reason, so everyone can play on the difficulty that suits him best. So if you get smoked... try one lower tbh.
This mission is essentially defense mission with extra objective. Looking at the footage 20 bile titan for 26 minutes.  That is 1 bile titan every 1 minute+, for what essentially is infinite bug breach ( defense/eradicate mission is always like this)  I honestly think that is not that bad at all, provided you do the mission fast enough. It is always a battle of attrition and speed for these type of mission.  4 of us manage to do it quite cleanly without any pressure, aside from few Charger kills, and all of us are randos.
Personally i find this new mission to be the 2nd easiest to beat in Helldive difficulty, behind defence missions. Sure, theres alot of sweaty mechanics that i use but i think the biggest difference between a good and a bad player is what they are focusing on in a mission . You get NOTHING from killing any types of enemy, instead you should always focus on those objectives.  In this mission, just have 2 people run around the silos baiting and training the big bugs while the other two kill the smaller ones. You can literally just lead all the bile titans away solo , to for ex behind a wall/cliff while buying time for the objective progress. This works in every type of mission, use light armor and never stop running. Just lead the bigger enemies away while your team completes the objectives :)
time to block another HD 2 Channel
when i first tried this mission type it was difficulty 9, some 4-5 titans spawned at once. Still beat it tho
Devs are dropping the ball but it honestly seems like it's mistakes. I dearly hope they will roll out hotfixes soon to remedy the situation that has gone on for several patches at this point, still the game is young so i still have a lot of hope as they started really strong
I’ve got Google fiber and a pc that can handle battlefront 2 on ultra. Can’t stay connected longer than 5-10min. I’ll come back in a few months when stability gets a few more updates.
Stop using the 500kg eagle and instead use the orbital rail gun. The 500kg is so hit and miss.  It's nice to see the patch reduced the Titan spawns. So much easier now.
The game is quickly becoming unplayable
So fun fact: Every time you start a termicide battery it triggers waves. If your battery gets knocked out and you restart it before you're finished clearing the last spawn ins, it triggers more on top of them. If you go and start a new battery while the last wave is spawning in, you get both. What's happening is your team is rushing the objectives and the wave spawns are tied to the activation switches. This probably has something to do with all the bile titans.
I really don't understand why people don't just  play cod zombies if you want to kill every enemy that spawns. It's an objective game  and the objective was to defend the silo, meanwhile I literally say your teammaye drop a 500kg on the silo, resting the countdown. It's unironicslly a skill issue.
The problem with this game is that its fun but you play for nothing.. the grind is just atrocious…you get 6-8 medals when you need 700 , you might get 3 super rare samples when everything goes well when you need like 70 .. the only thing you get consistently is xp for levels that are completely meaningless and give you absolutely nothing .. i  play a couple of games and im just over it
11:28 but did you googled en passant?
Starting the defense for the "battery silos" spawns bug breaches that are not restricted by the standard bug breach cooldown that bugs have. What seems to happen is the team will start the defense which spawns breaches then fail the defense after which the team immediately tries to restart the defense which then spawns more breaches without cooldown. This turns into a cycle of seemingly endless spawning light and heavy units that no amount of strategy can deal with. Even after completing a defense the team will likely run to the one of two remaining silos and start the cycle over again.  The silos have a semi hidden health bar that can be damaged by bugs or teammates but the amount of small and heavy units make it near impossible to not damage the silo with friendly fire. This resent patch may have nerfed the heavy unit spawn rate but infinite bug breaches with zero cooldown ignores spawn rates.
Important info about the event. DO NOT spam the battery restart button, Everytime you hit the button a new wave spawns in making manageable waves turn into never ending hordes  I was on a team that kept doing this I was able to solo 2 towers but the final tower sadly didnt get finished due to the team spamming the button  Your best bet sometimes is to have everyone draw the horde away and have someone sneak up and hit the button letting your team draw them off the tower, that or make sure you clear the bugs before resetting
It sounds like you were taking every fight even when you didn't need to. Get smart, dude.
Smells like treason to me
so the issue here is, that there are lit. 7 other easier game diffs. to play but the hard ones that lit. say by its name its a fucking Doomsday scenario are bad balanced? Well. Sounds like a you problem.
According to cloud plays nothing is wrong, maybe he doesn't play the game?
As much as I absolutely ADORE this game, the upper difficulties are pretty much impossible right now
Them TCS missions are pretty insane
>be high level bug pit supervisor >look inside pit >high level bugs >wtf why is my high level bug pit suddenly filled with high level bugs
It only take a few seconds into this video to predict what's going to happen. I see a squad of noobs ACTIVELY feeding a breach chain after choosing a terrible landing spot, not even trying to ever interrupt it. I dunno what to say dude. The actually good players and the devs keep on telling you how to play and you all keep on refusing to understand game mechanics.  You're like a narcissist girlfriend that incites constant fights and then complains about the relationship being too tense. I guess this game isn't for you or you're not ready for difficulty 8 yet.   It is understandable that your perception on difficulty is twisted due to the meta loadout being broken on release to the point of trivializing difficulty 9.  Imagine landing in a desolate spot, approaching the objective without starting breaches and kiting the enemy force away from it while someone completes it. This game is a military op simulator, you're supposed to find ways to complete the objectives, YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED to mindlessly kill every enemy on sight until they stop spawning, they wont. How is that so hard to understand?
To be fair its mostly the new mission. And it is beatable... not with a 20 level randoms tho... There are A LOT of people who have 0 clue how to deal with titans at helldive rn....
The thing with this mission from what I have noticed is that if you keep re-activating the silos before clearing the enemies, it will spawn more waves instantly. Once you clear them you can re-group and resupply before setting up the next defense. That could be why the 3rd silo defense here looked so insane since it was being restarted (saw at least 7 re-activations) before clearing the previous waves. I little under 30 minutes were left by the time the 3rd silo was all that was left so it could be worth a shot to spend some minutes purely set aside to reset.
I don't think the current problem is the balancing of weapons, specially when Arrowhead is still going to include more stratagems and I suppose the remaining faction as well (Illuminate). I think the biggest problem really is the configurations for enemy spawn rate and AI. I don't think Helldivers should be so unforgiving where there's no room for mistake. Keep it challenging but casual. And I say this as someone who played the first Helldivers. Also, if the spawn rates are really suppose to be this much, they need to at least compensate in shorter cooldowns for stratagems.
they fucked up with the railgun nerf than when people were mad because we couldn't take out the 500 heavies that spawned they said "lower the heavy spawn rate" but didn't really lower it and just made it spawn more light enemies 😭we're cooked bro the game in finished they at this point should just revert back to launch and throw all the "balance" patches out because they actually sucked what they need to do is buff all the guns that actually poke the enemies for .0000000002 dmg every shot like any sniper/marksman the jar-5 (legit sucks ass) and any other gun that just sucks in general
I thought my friends and I were going crazy when we were doing Termicide missions on Difficulty 7 and we just had Bile Titans left right and center because in other missions that wasn't the case. We'd have like one or two tops before a couple more *might* spawn during evac. What's crazier, I feel, was that there were less Chargers in comparison.  It seems to be exclusive, almost, to the Termicide Missions.  Tip that might help - if the Silo activation failed and you've still got enemies around because I think activating them causes bug breaches to spawn similar to those geographical scan missions and if it keeps failing because of all the bugs and you keep restarting you're liable to just keep stacking bug breaches on yourself. At least in our experience, taking a moment to clear everything before going again made it somewhat more manageable.
Just tried Hell dive, there are 6 up all the time. We killed about 30 before giving up. We barely died but we just couldn't supress the Titans to get the batteries to charge. I'm not sure how effective at damaging the battery the titans are, so im considering a strat where I just try to ignore the titans or have 1 player round up all the current bile titans and just lead them away.
No one was using shield strategem were they? Just saying.
Gatling on level 8? Really dude? Yea , no wonder you're struggling
There is almost no amount of skill that can help you beat these top level missions. The git gud people say you aren't supposed to beat every mission. Well fuck me what's the point then?
I think its clear that unlike most(if not all) hoard shooters theirs is no real spawn counter or logic in Helldiver 2. coupled with the fact that Arrowhead only means of difficulty is to just throw more and tanker mobs at the player mean that we will never not have the problem of Bile Titan swarms.
Man i eish they eouldve just reverted thd secret chsnges they made in the first patch to enemies
By the way, to the people defending this type of difficulty: I checked, and only around 50% of ALL players on Steam killed a single Titan (there's an achievement for that) - mind you, there are missions where they spawn as objectives beginning with Diff 4 - and only ~20% of players have gotten the achievement for finishing Diff 6+ without dying. That means that however hardcore you think you are, this kind of BS alienates between 50 and 80% of your community, yet you gatekeep content like ship upgrades and to a large degree warbond unlocks (considering you need 2701 to unlock everything NOW, disregarding the new incoming warbond) behind Diff 7+. The game really needs to decide who it is supposed to be for. And I wouldn't mind one bit if Diff 9 was reserved to the sweatiest of balls and Twitch streamers and progamers and of course everybody posting how awesome they are in the comments section but not 7 and 8 too...
Git gud loser
Unlocked all the Stratagems and Ship-Upgrades and maxed out on all samples. Now I'm chilling on Diff 1 missions while reading comments about people whining on how difficult everything is. 😎🍹
wow that was hard as fk.. me and my teammates tryin this mode too and with diff 7 and lot of EMS mortars we get it.. but we didnt have so many Titans in the game.. idk what was that.. but deff not a skill issue..
While a problem, we absolutely do not need to revert it back to launch. The spawn rates werent any better so wed go back to just the same. Kiting enemies for minutes on end isnt fun in any capacity
I really cant believe how much they screwed this game up. Seriously. Just weeks ago I was telling people that this is the best and most fun game I have played in my life. Now? I force myself to play and even then I don't even play half as much as before. Yesterday I quit 3 solo mission and threw my arms up and said "screw it, I am done" each time. I come back in hopes to capture what I felt during those first two weeks of the game but everytime I think:"it's just not the same. It's just... Bad now." And it has got nothing to do with the railgun or charger health. It has got to do with everything else that they changed. That's why the charger update didn't fix this game. It's still not fun. To me it feels like a person showing me a difficult sport, like snowboarding. And when I started to get the hang of it, the person who is teaching me says "you are getting good too fast, let me do this" then takes a baseball bat and hits me in the kneecap. It's like what the heck man? I was having fun. Sorry I was having fun. Anyways, I honestly think player numbers are going to drop a lot more than 4% in the future now that the excitement over the mech has passed. Some people might quit the game without even being able to put their finger on what changed, especially if they dont follow the game on YouTube.
just get one with a ps 5 in the team and the game gets 10x easyer
I'm about to stun everyone. If you are complaining about this you are too young/underage.   You all think the Terminids are Tyranids, Zerg or Starship Troopers bugs. They aren't they are Graboids from Tremors. All Terminids are blind and react to sound and vibration.   Dont play on the objective. Go make sound some where else to draw them. There are tons of videos showing this.
i agree, the game was its best on launch and has been slowly getting worse
I've seen this happen and with even more chaff so you can't even move, all spawning even closer to silos. And yet other times it spawns a perfectly sane amount of enemies. Seems to have something to do with someone on playstation being in group as far as I can tell; as in a playstation user makes the game easy mode by decreasing spawns massively, etc.
My theory about the “git gud” crowd is that from day 1, the wildfire popularity created die-hard bandwagoners. “They told me to love it, and this is it, so I guess I do love it now”.  The first week & 15lvl grind isn’t fun, you have no weaponry to really handle hordes or heavies- and the game was glitch hell. Yet EVERYONE gave it universal praise.  Now those bandwagoners, who never discerned or formed their own opinion on if it was fun or easy or anything off the bat, are still blindly defending it cause that’s what they bandwagoned from day 1.
this seems like a skill issue
I agree. I honestly feel like launch balance was so perfect. Just needed to bring some other weapons up in usefulness
We played this mission on 7+. It was really hard but i don't see the problem there. this mission must be hard. We are deploying mass exterination weapon and terminids throw at us all their might. I don't want it be easier. Everyone can decrease level of difficultiy. Actually In basic mission spawn rate is decreased. We havent seen more than 2 titans and 4 chargers at once untile timer goes closer to 0
I dont know bro, dificulty 8, epic gameplay, cool kills, awesome job!
Looks to me like the team just ignored the objectives in favour of fighting an infinite wave of bugs.    You know they’re not going to stop right
Seems fun for me and I love to suffer.
Great content, explained in a calm logical manner.   As someone who has a full premade to play with, we just play around on lower difficulties right now, not because we cant do higher difficulties. Just because the current state is annoying.   Agree 100% with everything you said  Subscribed
These termicide missions are more like suicide missions I had up to 20 bile titans spawn during the mission and at one point had 4 chargers on me some things still need to be tweaked down a bit game is still fun though
Now i understand why Joel say shouldn't believe any Ytb, just keep in mind their ideas because they don't know much about the update after they spend more time on it.   Level 8 and 9 mean it's Very Hard and Extremely hard. If it easy, then the game isn't challenge anymore.  Then how to deal with it. Every game has a mechanic and most of them are PvE game. They give player Mechanic and player must use them instead of using something real powerful to again enemy. That already is unfair match between us and enemy. If you ever played War Thunder and why you can't one shot into ammo pocket so then it the same with Helldivers 2. Spawn rate isn't a big issue if you learn to deal it with a big brain player. They don't give Bile any chance to live, i have playing with a lot of player. They lead us very carefully and play the game not to hard to fight against 7 bile last round.
You get that on 8? I get a mass of Bile Titans on 7! xD And the new restricted control (rubberbanding) pod behaviour makes the pod thruster upgrade obsolete aswell...
We fought off like 30 chargers even on difficulty 5. Literally every 30 seconds after a charger died a new spawned. + do their legs have more amor now? I feel like I have no chance getting the leg armor off idk.
teamates dont focus defending the silos in my experience so the bugs just keep coming.
the issue isn't bile titian, its the small adds that aren't dying before they summon reinforcements. if your team masses aoe for the small bugs it will reduce the reinforcements  i usually run  gat sentry rocket sentry autocannon sentry arc thrower  everyone else seems to run anti bile titan equipment so i try to zone/ anti medium spawns for new map, if u get swamped on objective abandon and run to next beacon and summon there, i think there might be a max cap on spawns per map so its easier there
This guy  is complaining about to many bugs on the missions that are from a special order about releasing gas because there are TOO MANY bugs. lol
"I have no idea what this mission type is about" <- I found the problem
every one of this guys videos are just THIS UPDATE IS TERRIBLE!!! or THE GAME IS BROKEN NOW!!!  this is a level 8 difficulty defense mission, your goal is very clearly to activate the 2 objectives, defend them until they are done doing their thing and leave.   its very clearly meant to swarm you with enemies, they also just made taking down titans and chargers a whole lot easier. but instead of communicating with your team you muted all of them and youre running around killing non aggroed bugs far away from the objectives that one of you team mates was desperately trying to defend  pay attention to the briefing and lower the difficulty or cooperate with your squad mates, as intended   is the game balanced right now? no, there are a lot of stratagems and guns that are less than ideal, but you also dont offer any solution you just say the game is hard (at difficulty 8).   to me it just seems like youre chasing clout by in a game thats currently popular
What makes this so strange is the fact that on difficulty 4 it literally couldn't have felt easier. Almost like Joel wants us to complete it even if only 10% of the playerbase really wants to complete it due to recent leaks. 1 charger per mission is what I experienced on 4 and 2 player for that mission on difficulty 4 i think they scaled down lower difficulties because they specifically said that heavy spawns in 7, 8, and 9 would be tweaked yet 4 feels like it actually got the tweaks.
honestly mate,  its is a skill issue. i have played this type of mission a couple of times so unless u know what u are doing u will get overwheled and that is the whole idea behind it because the second u do the objective u kill everything in site
I was playing some difficulty 4 for a quickie and I got rushed by 3 bile titan on Spawn 😂😂😂
This was my experience yesterday. Took 3 tries on hell dive to figure out the mission and complete one. The EAT seems to be the way to go for chargers and titans, but its definitely difficult
The Terminids are overtuned, yes, but I really hope the devs are aware of the infinite dropship loop in Automaton missions.
Waaaah waaaah waaaaaah
i will say in my experience the termicide missions seem to be overtuned compared to all the others for the terminids right now, possibly by design, idk. that being said, that was a ton of bile titans, however i did notice there werent 5 -7 running around at the same time which i previously encountered more often than not. still, i agree with you,  go back to the launch version and try different changes. i was saying the same thing last night amongst my group of friends.
You can 1 tap titans and chargers with the right equipment. If you are still struggling, it's likely because your team's equipment isn't right. Playing with a 4-man team that works together its really not a problem.
WHY ARE NONE OF YOU USING THE EMP MORTAR!?   They are so helpful at slowing enemies down...none of you are prepared to handle waves of enemies.  How about you stop crying about stuff and prepare properly? Ffs
the nerf to the heavy bugs are meant for normal 7-9 missions, but with the major mission its all hell where the bugs are trying to stop us from using the bug spray
well, isn't that when we activate the battery tower it trigger 3 bug breaches. so i believe that's why we got sooooo many titan in termicide mission
The mission is a defense mission, you are supposed to hold waves of enemies. The trend of calling everything broken is so detrimental to the game. Yesterday I completed 3 full missions in the 9 difficulty and it was doable, felt hard but rewarding.
I got this mission done on lvl 9 difficulty but it was INSANE. The trick is to have at least 2 players calling in the mech, this is what saved us.
This mission type is very weird. I and 3 others completed two of these missions yesterday on helldive, and we figured some things out about them. First of all, ecause of the relatively small map you constantly are going to have breaches plus whenever a button is pressed a breach spawns which means you realistically cant treat it like an exterminate or you will get overrun by heavies like you showed. We did some thinking and came upon a strat that worked both times we tried it in which you have 2 members of the team running smoke grenades and orbitals with the others running exosuits, 500kg and other big stuff. Idea is you have 2 people in infiltrator armor smoke off an objective each while 2 stay in the center aggroing bugs. This ensures that the objectives are not in los of the bugs so the mission doesn't get stalled out by objective being unclearable like what happened to your squad. I honestly hope as more mission types and enemies are added like this, people will come to realise the array of recources we have and start using them on higher difficulties because atm i really dont forsee a qp group clearing stuff like this but dont want people to become disheartened. Hope this helps anyone who reads this and happy helldives to all. Edit: spelling error :(
I really disagree with what you are doing here by putting out this video from a termicide mission (which are definitely harder than standard missions) and painting it like this is what is happening is every single one of your games.  I was playing on Helldive (9) last night to test out the patch. I feel like standard missions are nearly too easy. I recall the devs saying that we liberated Tien Kwan 4x faster than expected. This makes me think that they made the termicide missions this difficult on purpose. Just think, we are trying to set up towers that are going to exterminate the terminids off of the entire planet. Why would they not be throwing everything they have at us. It makes sense that the missions are harder.  I had a much better experience with spawn rates outside of the termicide missions. I would encourage that you monitor the standard missions the way you did in this video and treat the termicide missions as an outlier, sort of like trying to clear an endgame raid/boss in Destiny or WoW because that is what it seems like to me.  Let the devs cook and just play the game as best as you can. If you cannot deal with not being able to complete campaigns, lower the difficulty until you can. You can also continue playing on harder difficulties and avoiding the termicide missions if you are worried about getting samples. I say this after failing to complete every single one of the termicide missions I played last night but having a relatively easy time with the other 2 missions in all the campaigns.  All of that being said, I have been experiencing some stability issues. My game crashed more times last night that the entirety of the 3-4 weeks that I have been playing HD2 so hopefully that gets addressed.
Does no one read the dispatches? It literally says to expect "surges in terminid activity" as they're well aware you're trying to initiate a BUG WMD lol The entire mission is pretty simple with no side objective, it's just the most insane siege of bugs trying to destroy your silos  If you want to judge the post patch spawn rates then consider a map without deliberate increased rates cause it's the nature of the narrative/mission  Also all of a sudden the incendiary breaker doesnt do the thing it's been doing the entire time? It's always had lower stopping power but makes up for it with a burn and significantly higher ammo account esp post breaker nerf. Dude please tone down your kneejerk reactions it's littering your content and it's not a great look
this really happens when people don't read what the devs said. Gamers when optional higher difficulties are difficult be like "damn this is too difficult fix the game"
Instead of 15 at once, you get one every minute. Great... Ill stick to tier 7. The dev team doesn't know what they are doing with "balance" IMO. I read somewhere once, that an enemy can have two of the following: high damage, high speed, high health. You can only have two. Weapons should follow the same concept: high damge, large ammo pool, high armor mitigation. Where you can only have two of those. They nerfed everything for "balance" but did nothing to boost the underperformers. Railgun on unsafe is viable in tier 5 missions, and some tier 7. Mech, is meh. The sentry arm should have just as much armor pen as the stratagem, the rocket as much armor pen as an AC.
I wish the game was fun as it was at launch. At this point I just want a refund.
not everyone can handle the higher difficulties. Maybe try a lower one if you want more casual, but it seemed like you were doing a pretty great job. Learn the new mechanics of the mission and how it summons bugs.
Since the update I have met like 2-3 titans each mission, I think they are to few. same the chargers are barley there. Tho, There is a LOT more tiny shits picking me apart if I am not careful.
Skill issue /s   But seriously, anyone excusing this is coping. DRG is a similar game, but the swarms/bug spawns are more manageable while still being challenging. Current state of Helldivers 2 is like if DRG had swarms every 20s, with tons of slasher grunts and rock-pox praetorians. It would be difficult, but not as fun.   Hopefully they continue to make positive changes to swarms/bug spawns, and give us enough power to handle them instead of endless kiting (weapon buffs, more strategem slots, shorter cooldowns, etc).
This is a special mission. Also, you didn't play the objective at all. You seem to have focused on "holy shit how many are there" instead of "let's just guard the battery for a little bit more".
Honestly If helldiver's 1 was a third person like the second one people would realize how shit this game is. The essentially took the first game, made it way more grindy, weapons are worse, ammo resupply is way worse, enemy units are extremely more bullet spongy, stratagems both strikes and equipment are way weaker/inconsistent (had a charger survive a point blank 500k), and enemy calling in for reinforcement is way harder to prevent. The only thing this game has over 1 is graphics.
100% agree!
It's a special mission, it's not the update that is the "problem". Play a normal mission for comparison. Read the comment made by @riki_gz0188 (spoilers).
The gameplay of the other missions are great after the update(not saying hunters are good but hey, much less chargers and titans). It is only for this specific event mission, hmmmm, I wonder why....
And this is them stating they "reduced the spawn rate of Chargers and Bile Titans on difficulties 7 and up" I call Bs.
Tbh spawns feel even worse now. Feels like heavy wasn’t affected and now we just have more smal enemies. Anyone who says spawns are okay you need to stop eating those copium cakes. Should be easy with those 5 titans or hulks chasing u while another 5 are in front😂
The game's balancing issues has made playing difficulty 7+ more like a chore not worth the hassle rather than a fun experience; I know some people putting this game aside until they can fix it.
Me with a spear... 4 titans? Ez... i also noticed that the locking has a tad bit reliable in this map. Maybe cuz no fog? I do like Helldive on this with randomers and usually 3 ppl
We did a level 6 on this mission and had 45+ chargers and 12+ Bile titans spawn utterly unreal.
when new mission types are added they are usually overtuned, this is prob the case just like it was with the automaton extraction mission.  Maybe a bit more research?
i heard that pressing the button to start the silo is what triggers the spawn, there wasn't someone spamming the button to start the silo?
That's what i was saying to my friends   For the love of liberty put the game back to what it was at launch . Nobody asked for more spawns of any type !!
From my experience the best way to do this mission is to first kill all bugs in a wide range around the silo, then press the button causing the bug breach. Deal with the breach and hopefully don’t get stuck in an endless breach loop. If you fail a silo don’t instantly reactivate it. You’ll just fail again and have to deal with an additional bug breach. Be patient and exterminate all bugs again.
Yea I mine as well uploaded this video. Same scenario I encountered yesterday
absolute yappage
This is exacly what the hatdest difficulty of helldivers is supposed to be. Its almost impossible and thats how arrowhead makes their games. Thats also the reason that every difficulty works towards the liberation on planets. Yes more tools would be nice but the game is also only a month onld and still growing.
I genuinely think the bile titan spawn rate is a bug. If you play a Termicide mission on difficulty 5 you might see only one bile titan spawn in the entire mission. Bump that difficulty up to 6 and you genuinely get like 3 every time you try and activate a silo.
The  exo mechs should have an option to "set to self detonate" . Make it usefull till the end instead of just  abandon
Im just going to assume people wont stop the bitching about the difficulty until the game is relegated to a 24hr throw away game.   Lvl 8 difficulty: "oMg sO mAnY tItAnS"
At least increase the ammo capacity if they're not fixing that stupid respawn rate.
you gotta really dedicate to AT in 7-9, Recoilles+disposable because 1 is just not enough and just spam the disposable everywhere, i definitely still find primary weapons are absolutely underwhelming even more glaringly so now with the bigger hordes
I think all this would be fucking awesome if the weapons weren't so shit, our ammo wasn't so limited and our cool-downs weren't so long...one of the things I love about this game is the endless tide of enemies...they're not the fucking problem...the problem is the weapons, the ammo and the cool-downs.
I think the issue is the type of the map. This map is a concentrated perma assault on the termicide, thus the enemy contration is massive. Even at smaller lvl, it always pop 3 bug hole during the battery charging. And also consider 2 patrols that are constantly coming, thus giving more chance to pop anothe bug hole. However if you do normal maps.. the spawns are more manageable now. So i think, your issue lies with the map objective itself and not the update.
Bro loves farming Helldivers drama.
I think they accidentally buffed all spawn rates. Definitely need some major balance changes.
And that's not even difficulty 9
i found the game pacing is better in diff 7. The new mission is relatively easy in that difficulty from what i experience. Though this crazy spawn might have something to do with the leak that we got.....
I can't believe that youtubers are complaining again :D I just can't believe my eyes when I see again another video with whining title... This is the best coop game in years...
If you play on the higher difficulties, you cant be surprised when some big bugs spawn
This channel is haram
Have you tried a non event scenario? And maybe try the new event scenario in a lower difficulty first to learn what to do. we know prolonging missions leads to increased spawn rates. But i played one of these on 7, and while we had multiple titans and chargers on that it was nothing like that on regular missions. So i'm wondering if the event is purposely ramped up
The termicide missions are straight up impossible on diff 9, so many chargers, and bile titans. The worst part is you can't even kill them properly because you risk damaging the battery. I hope they change it a bit.
All that with 10 common samples on the line. F that.
Should consider start rocking EAT-17s
gotta say i may be alone but love the chaos and i think the spawn rates are crazy due to fenrir almost being done with the major order/furthest along
Last night we were playing on level 6. But we had three bile Titans and what felt like six - eight chargers at all times even after dispatch   Not to mention tons of hunters and stalkers
playing basically on hardest dificulty and crying about it lmao
honestly, this could be fun in a ridiculous kind of way if it wasn't for how inconsistent bile titans hp pools are.
skill issue
Always incredible to watch meta chasers running nothing but anti-heavy strats and shotguns complain that there are too many enemies when they have literally no sustained DPS capability at all on their squad. The game is not hard at all as long as you bring someone entirely dedicated to crowd control.
esse grande jogo pode acabar se tornando um fracasso em questão de meses caso os responsáveis continuem dando ouvidos para a parcela de fanboys irracionais que são incapazes de admitir que o jogo não proporciona recursos e ferramentas no mesmo nível que expõe o jogador a quantidade desnecessárias de oponentes   eu mesmo prefiro chegar em casa após um dia cansativo de trabalho e aterrorizar insetos com tiros e explosões, mas atualmente, se quero conseguir recursos valiosos preciso ficar 40 minutos pulando de um lado para outro e morrendo até que a nave de extração chegue. Nada divertido.
everytime you start the silo, another wave spawns. also, you can do friendly damage to the silo so watch where you're throwing stuff. clear out the remaining bugs first, then restart
What difficulty are you on?
You are seriously just looking for things to complain about at this point. Level 7 missions are a nice sweetspot where people can have fun and still get everything. When you go over that you are telling the game you want more challenge and it gives it to you. Pointless to complain about it. Lower the difficulty if you don't like what 8 and 9 are offering.
Your sarcasm warms my soul. Thanks for doing what you do, buddy!
I was doing this mission with friends on Difficulty 6 and this is exactly how it felt for us. Titans were spawning everywhere and far to regularly.  Diff 5 felt totally different and almost 2 easy, where difficulty 6 felt like I was on diff 9
The new Termicide missions are so broken I refuse to play them.
Ran this mission last night on helldive and we had killed 20+ bile titans and I lost connection in the last 2 minutes of the mission. I can say it was the last one of the night.
Ive counted 23 Titans in a D7 mission, but their sheer number wasnt the biggest issue, but rather that twice they just plopped into existance with a patrol, no bug breach, not nest, just out of thin air right in aggro range.  Yet even more frustrating is Hellpods randomly deciding to not steer as you want them, teammate threw my respawn at a titans feet because i told him too, game is like "nah north or straight down is a myth, youll go south, away from the respawn beacon, the titan you wanted to pod kill, your equipment and the mission objective, right into chaff" Devs, which drunk ass programmer programmed that fucking hellpod?
I mean yeah there are a lot of Bile Titans on Termicide, its not really representative of the normal missions.  Also my group did a 9 with the help of mechs yesterday, stop being such a drama queen.
You know thats the mission for that event atm? right? if there is an issue with the "normal" missions, well - it needs to get adressed asap. But that special mission, is a special thing. Me and a friend, we made it .. its really cool .. /but only on lvl 4;)
I literally had the exact same experience. Hopped into a tier 8 quickplay, not knowing there was a new mission type. I wanted to try out the changes for the recoilless and dropped into this mission. Holy fuck! Running away from 3 chargers, trying to reload that damn rocket launcher, which takes 5-10 days, while getting raped by a titan that literally spawned out of nowhere right next to me. Instead of reloading i had to grab my mates EAT-17 to get a charger off my ass, so i had actual time to put a new rocket into my recoilless.  My team and i managed to clear 2 out of the 3 silos with two players rage quitting when the timer hit 0 and we had no reinforcements left. Great fun.    Don't get me wrong, i still really like this game and i'm always up for a challange, but this shit is kinda crazy. How are you supposed to protect the silo when all you do is running for your life while reloading your weapon and waiting for stratagem cooldowns. Reloading takes longer than a new titan spawning in...
Honestly couldn't agree more. Just want it how it was when it started. I just find my self frustrated and not wanting to play now.
The solution is to get good. I did this mission on impossible with one random guy, as a duo
Lets hope this is only this difficult because of the event mission
the problem with the 500kg is not only the small AOE, but the shape of aoe, you see in most games, its a tube that goes to a certain point up on the map, i assume this AOE is a sphere which makes it hard to kill the larger enemies like the titan.
This isnt even cope, why would you expect to be able to clear an event mission on hard difficulty with no pre-planning or teamwork? The developers have literally said the spawn rates are higher in event missions on purpose because they are supposed to be hard. Im not even saying "get good", my team failed this a few times before we came up with a good strat to clear. That process of developing a strategy was the most fun part.  On non-event missions the spawn rates were noticeably better at higher difficulties.
I just want them to make us even more deadlier than how it is no matter how many adds show up we should always be able to fully destroy them 1 by 1
This community is so toxic and brain dead .
Never ending bug breaches, the lvl9 version is the same, but this mission is unwinnable. They actually need to do some balancing.
This dude will never stop complaining. Keep representing the crybaby gamers who would find a way to complain even if they were spoon fed W's
Try lowering the difficulty bro BUT you will probably say “ it’s not fun in lower levels “ lmao
The second time I did this we got swarm by biles and hunters
Cry more
I swear the way people get so reactionary over updates a few weeks in is kinda crazy. The things im hearing its like as if the game is completely ruined and unplayable over things i wouldnt have noticed if not for these videos
LOL, why do more people want easy BS?  I mean its OK that a guy is hard...that team work and understanding is required! kids now a days LOL
I'm fairly confident it's the mission type that spawns so many heavies. "Normal" missions don't seem to spawn nearly as many.
bro cant hang
Service technician says there is enough ordnance on a Super Destroyer to level a small moon. This video makes that claim hard to belive.
my group ran out of ammo completely after 2500 kills 35+ chargers on impossible  it is bugged. i was able to beat it no prob the first few times but 1 time it bugged out like this
The event mission is literally wave defense so it’s going to be constantly spawning mobs until you finish the mission the improve spawn rate may not be in effect on this mission
Ahmagad im just so freaking tired of the bitching! Try to play another type of mission than the new mission type and see if its better there. I have not experienced this in any mission EVER and i have 200 hours now ingame. I have yet to try the new mission type tough so it could be that its broken.
Did termicide with 2 players at difficulty 6..  at least 7 bile titans.  only about 4/5 chargers though.
I’m only four minutes into the video, but that’s exactly why I run Spear and my buddy runs ammo backpack. Titans drop one headshot when the spear locks on. 🫱🏻‍🫲🏽
Hi Lvl 50 here. I loaded in to lvl 9 termicide mission with a lvl 50 and 2 lvl 38 people and we got in a discord call. We finished the mission with 0 reinforces left. So that gives some perspective on the difficulty of lvl 9. No ps5 players in our lobby btw, i had crossplay off. Speaking from a statistical persective. our party was in the top 1% or better in terms of tactics, experience skill, so the mission is likely nearly impossible if you dont have 4 GAMERS. also very hard without open mics
>First time playing mission >Picks difficulty 8 >Joins randoms in the middle of a mission >"Do we expect people to be sweaty in public games" Lmfao the jokes write themselves dude. The games supposed to be hard, and you're not really supposed to be attempting high difficulties with randoms. There's a reason why you get a mission success even if you all die. Besides that gameplay looked stupid fun minus the "commentary".
The realest youtuber out there :D
we had 7 bile titan spawn at the same time. 4 just popped out of thin air in the same direction. So we ran whilst waiting for 500kg cooldown, the we saw 2 more titan coming from the opposite direction so we were being sandwiched by 4 on one side and 2 on the other then for another one to spawn on our side. There were two to three chargers per titan but they were ok cos they had the hp nerf. but man was it crazy XD. We were able to pull off some two for one and still had 3 bile titans alive at any given moment.
taking gatling to difficulty 8 is like bringing a knife to a gunfight....
It's literally that mission type only. You are supposed to gear up to the teeth and kill them asap OR take EMS to hold the critters off while taking down the bile titans and chargers. It's not actually that hard once you know what you are diving into, made easier by that fact that 50%+ of the Terminids will ignore you, instead focusing the Towers.   Personally I recommend bringing: Arc Rifle, Flame Thrower and Gatling Sentry to clear out the critters. 500KG, EAT, Railcannon for Chargers and BTitans.  Set up around a tower together, maybe wait and drop a few extra EATs before pressing the button. Split up around the tower, ping the big fellas and just work together. This mission isn't a race, you are allowed and (I suppose) encouraged to set up shop around the towers and start once you are ready. This, also, isn't white knighting. The mission type is overtuned, not unlike the Bot Evacution missions, but in no way does it warrant a doom-video like this.
Im no expert but it really feels like they misplaced a decimal.
It's like they buffed the chaff spawn and didn't nerf the heavy spam LOL
all this mfer does is clickbait lol
Unlike some other creators, you don't strike me as overly salty and I think that is to your benefit. If feedback is to be taken seriously, it needs to be calm and clear. The devs definitely seem to care and seem to by all means be trying their best, just give it some time and continue to provide feedback such as this. They will get there, it is in their best interest as well, it however is just an iterative process so it takes time.
At this stade I want to use the rocket launcher from the trailer,you know,the one that one shot bile titan in the head.
This dude did everything he could to stretch the video lmfao
Suck it up Patriots, no sense in complaining when there is so much DEMOCRACY TO SPREAD!!
What you expect? Playing in diff 8 obviously the spawn numbers will be significantly higher than 7 or below, if you can't handle the heat go back to 4 😂
the weapon nerfs the ai buffs, enemy spawn rates and glitches have turned my fun into frustration i never thought i'd get to this point but im gonna have an extended break from helldivers while hopefully arrowhead sees the error in their balancing
There is 0 playtesting going on when devs make updates
Honestly I’m having fun, so I’m chilling, don’t kno about y’all tho
I think this is the same enemy spawn rate for that automaton event where you had to evacuate 40 civies and the spawn rates were like this mission.
this is genuinely ridiculous that you uploaded this video.  1) you came into a mission not knowing what to do, providing no other benefit than going around and killing bugs.  2) your team has no synergy with stratagems, and in fact its so bad that almost everyone on your team decided to use the same eagle drop. its strong but having it be your only trump card is silly. please can you at least work with your fucking team with what you choose to bring.  3) you refuse to use the flamethrower against chargers because of your lack of understanding with how to avoid killing yourself and teammates.  4) you're using a gatling sentry for a distraction but complain it doesnt last long enough against a bile titan?  5) they're not spawning that frequently and its only piling up because the team aint cooperating, you're running from the objective, the rest of your team needs you to defend with them.  please can you stop uploading videos in high frequency, if you keep doing this you will not have a chance to dissect the patch properly and it will make you look like an idiot. this happened IN THE LAST VIDEO, you call out chargers "spawning" when you can see they are BURROWED IN THE GROUND.
You know how small the "exterminate" maps are? Playing on helldive with some friends, just us against FIVE bile titans that spawned within a minute of each other. They must've been lying about decreasing the spawns, I've never had more than 2 titans at any time.
Now i see what "other enemy spawns" really meant.
AMEN! AMEN! AMEN! You have a new subscriber!👍
Guess ill leve lv9 for a bit and go play on lv3 LOL
If you can't handle it maybe try turning the difficulty down.
8 fucking bile titans and 8 more fucking bile titan.  "Holy shit, what do it do?" - Helldiver.
Had a similar experience. Topped off with the fact the game bugged and only one of the team could reinforce at all.  Even if all 4 of us died only they would respawn so i was just completely locked out of the game. Had to abandon in the end since i was basically softlocked out the game
I run 7-9, usually 8. I haven't seen anything like this in the 10-15 hours I have played the new update and yes this is just broken and stupid. I don't think the update is bad however,  it's a lot more fun now that people actually have different loadouts and not just using the rail and shield 95% of the time.
I mean you're correct. That's why i quite literally lowered the difficulty. :p  Also i feel like Termicide mission need a TON more coordination, i hate doing these with randoms. But yes, the amount of bile titans was way too much. It felt like there was more Biles than Chargers.  I do hope they nerf Bile Titans. idk, let me throw a grenade in their mouth and watch it explode out their ass.
Skill issue
It’s been noticeably less fun sense last weeks “balance” changes. Haven’t played it much in the last 5 days after playing everyday since launch.
Em... its not? There is much less chargers, you can take them down much easier and hordes of small bugs is a DRG moment and can be dealt with, bile titans... yes, there's a lot of them
they really fumbled the spawns after the first "Balance" patch, and the discussion around the spawns and enemy density was drowned out by the discussion around the railgun nerf. They should just put spawns the way they were before the patch and retain the weapon changes.
That event is supposed to play like that. The other missions are still available on other planets.
I think it should be either a small ammount of really hard to deal with heavies, or just pump out more heavies but let us 1-2 shot them in the weakspots with the right tools.
That was bonkers. The best I can think of to help beat the mission would have been to have distractions pulling away, and constant smokes on the battery silo.... which is not fun nor good gameplay and REALLY shouldn't be necessary... and even then thats an if. That was way too many Bile Titans.
Have you taken time to consider that maybe the large concentration of bugs is due to the fact this is a storyline mission thats going to further the plot? Thus this being an important target that the terminids would want to remove, throwing everything they have at it. And on another topic this is a defense mission lol, you don't need to run around killing everything just the things that are trying to take out your objective...
Duda casually plays the new mission suppusedly to reflect a surge of bugs on infested planes. the other missions works great, last night had tons of fun doing these on 7.
Man these days youtubers will overexaggerate and clickbait anything for "content"
I did this mission on the same difficulty yesterday and didn't get that unlucky with titans, however... Me and my team realized how the mission works quite fast and finished around the 27 min mark and then it started to get a little hectic with the spawns. So I would say without cope that team was bad if they haven't even started a single silo 8 min in
Lower the difficulty
SPOILER        Ok sry IM WRONG. This is the next bs video. But im not mad cause i didnt noticed it my self, but These Missions are intended to be so hard. The Scientists who builded These machines f'd us over and Are in "prison". the terminids reproduce themselves faster than normal. Thats why you were being overran.
spawn rates aside anyone else feel like this could be a helldiver vet recounting his war stories, minus the parts where u die
Helldivers 2 is a great game, if only they could control these things somehow. I personally stopped playing until they make it playable and fun.
Holy molly, and it's only difficulty 8, like how Impossible 9 is? was it bad luck? I've seen some other successful playthroughs on Helldive on the same mission type so I wouldn't conclude that fast, but this game looks impossible honestly.
Saw a strat where you just full smoke the batteries
I think you miss counted a few titans by 2-3. But not in the right direction... I think there was 2-3 more then you counted
Lmao shut tf up bozo, quit your yappin
Ain’t gonna lie it should take 2 rockets to the head for bile titan 4 rockets to the body for bile .  If they do that I think this is perfectly fine
Disposable AT will be your friend this week, 70 second cool down come in clutch
Yeah no thats pretty bad tho xD
dislike the bait video and move on guys, this guy is gonna hate any update that isnt easy mode or reverting the railgun change boohoo
Pretty sure for this mission, every time the silo gets activated it just spawns the bile titans.
I shot a bile tighten 5 times with the recolist rifle to kill it, last night . Womp womp
All Bile Titans have taken from me is 2 EATs to the face & they ain't a problem no more.
Skill diff
In the next patch the titans and hunters are equal in numbers... adapted to the hunters, of course
You lost because you picked the wrong strategems, your team needs a lot of turrets for this mission
I can barely see any difference...  Besides, titans are ez, nowadays every1 got 500kg just waiting for it. ;D
A team full of sentries can do that mission comfortably
This is a special orders mission and it is known that the difficulty of those is tweaked dynamically for a greater challenge than normal missions.  As such, it cannot be used to determine any kind of balance effectiveness based on the current patch.  Considering that these missions are supposed to permanently (wink) remove the bugs from these planets, the stakes will be high and I would expect them to be much, much harder.
That's weird, I didn't encounter these kind of things during my playthrough, my guess is either they are RNG based or the new mission events are kinda bugged
That said, at level 7, the game is pretty sweet if you are on the ball. I'm ready to sweat at level 8/9 but they have to still be achievable. I don't think my squad could have survived what I just watched.
What I hate the most is that when I bring up the issues with the spawn rates a lot of people just respond "git gud" lol   Edit: the issue with spawn loop happens in lower levels too, I'm not asking for a way to beat 7+ easier, I'm asking for a better balance of the lower difficulties, right now even playing at difficulty 4 can get you into this insane spawn loops that just never end
Havent tested since new patch but I'm assumin you can still 1 shot titans with the railgun. full charge open mouth.
All I hear is "boohooo, I´m a crybaby". Its absolutely not worse than we thought. In fact many of us didnt think so at all. It´s still great fun with but with a good amount of whiners within the community, sadly. Like "My railgun needs unsafe mode now... boooohoooo"... ridiculous
This game has become less fun, nothing wrong with a challenge, but this is just silly. We don't have the weapons to fight off that type of spawn rate, never mind the random asteroids that just ragdoll you into oblivion.
Something also to note, the mission type greatly impacts difficulty. A friend and I plus 2 randoms made it thru 2 level 7 bug missions (it was close but we completed them) just to get absolutely CLAPPED at termicide.
Game is hard on high difficulty!?!?! Shock and Horror Games broken
The thing is you don't need to kill every titan, you just need to prevent enemies from attacking the silos.  Get smarter and your pubs might even figure out enemies can't kill all 3 silos at same time.   A match can spawn 40 titans over 40 minutes and be just fine because everyone has the choice of bringing 500kg...etc. One player can kill the majority with just 500kgx2.  This is nothing; people need to get used to the fact that titans aren't going to be the biggest enemies on map eventually.
still should be harder...
Just get good at the game, am I right guys. Lol.
I highly recommend the EAT over the RR just because how often the EAT is up with the low cooldown for calling it in.
you need people with dedicated roles, have one or two focused on killing elites, have others focused on clearing the chaff also the mech can easily one or two tap titans if you hit their heads
Clearly something is going on in the dev's personal lives that is severely affecting their judgement
If you focused on the objective, it's a lot easier.
Did they change the Mech strategem? I remember it only having 1 use.
i miss the times we had before we had increased spawns, increased speed and improved ai. because now there trying to fix the issues that are steming from these changes they made.
Its wierd becouse the new update was to REDUCE the amount of Heavy enemies so my guess is that the new mission is bugged to the old difficulty or just hard as shit. I have played a couple of normal terminid mission and the spawns there seem reasonable.
The game was far too easy even on Helldive. I’ve solo’d max difficulty missions multiple times. This is a nice change
"To that end we have reduced the spawn rate of Chargers and Bile Titans on difficulties 7 and up. In addition we have reduced the risk of spawn spikes of Chargers and Bile Titans." Patch 1.000.102, March 12, 2024  ngl "Lets see what shenaningan the dev are pulling off this time" is my current playing mood whenever I load up the game.
The first I tried this 5 bile titans spawned on us on difficulty 7 lmao
This accurately captures how I felt during my first termicide mission as well
There are 2 types of people, people who adapt and people who complain.
This is getting quite pathetic, I know it's stupid, but I wish HD2 didn't get as popular as it did. Your kind is a blight to gaming.
The very fact you were able to kill 15+ of bile titans and chargers proves that this update was 100% working as intended
i feel like this isnt a balance issue at this rate, i feel like they're changing the GM AI calculus in small ways to see what sticks. It doesn't seem like they have a testing environment to figure this stuff out. Either way, I want them to figure something out - it'd be so bad if they fumbled the bag after catching this much lightning in a bottle.
Sometimes I think they want less players to keep server costs lower. This way they chase away casuals, they don't spend money on in store.
This guy is whining that the 2nd hardest difficulty has alot of hard enemies and he has to use alot of bullets this is possibly the worst take i have seen in a minute bc compared to the dives before this update it was like 12 or 15 titans at the same time where these were staggered throughout the entire mission
The supply drop vaulting is definitely a thing. Seriously, just let me pick up the fucking ammo - I am not trying to climb on top of the resupply, obviously.
Eagle 500 KG desperately needs some tweaking. Extend it AoE and its verticality and it won't keep missing all the time.
I’m having a blast
Stop bitching and start coordinating
after new patch i hate incendary breaker to the core.  they patch that all fire damage from friend can hurt you and that include the dam gun too.  just one shot from this gun and you will burn to death.  people didn't talk about it but if one a hole try to tk you will notice it real quick.  also this mission is to pump pesticide to delivery tower and every time you press the button to start the pumping process it will spawn horde. if one person keep pushing the button it will keep spawning horde.   tbh i don't know what tf happen to your map that's too many bile titan.  in my game on dif7 there are around 10 bile titan and we dispatch it relatively quick.   also i think bile is not the problem after new patch. it's massive amount of small bug that spawn in place of charger/titan if no one using weapon like arc or auto cannon get rid of these add you will get swarm by them.
Massive drama over nothing.. again...
wow what the hell
I think they have made a lot of great balance changes around the weapons and how armoured enemies work to fight but the AI and spawn changes just don't make the game as fun.  I'd love to see the changes they have made blended with the original AI and spawns before patch 1 last week.
Spoiler: (sorry everyone i thought everyone saw this)     It's the event. There is a trasmission where they say that the gas is improving bugs reprodution rate istead of killing the. We are meant to lose this order.
yeah, thats what i would say 12+ should look like instead of difficulty 8 XD
thats all ? we were even talking about how the last patch made the game too easy now lol we survive helldive with at least half reinforcements remaining   it somehow does not work? 7:11 you only now finding out that since launch the 500kg bomb is more a meme than anything else? that thing is useless unless you hit something right in the face
As usual, this is obviously a skill issue :D
at this point i'm not even sure how much the devs even playtest these updates LOL this is insane
Nice vid!!
I love this game, even still with all the flaws it has. Because of my test week I haven’t had that much time to play though. So some how to grind samples tutorial would be appreciated! Love the channel by the way❤
stop crying
Why does every title of yours start so negatively? Is it for views or are you this negative about the game? And if you are this negative, why are you playing it?   Edit: after watching the rest of the video, I do agree that this is egregious. Can anyone who played the first helldivers let me know if the higher difficulties were like this?
