i mean... what he did was wrong but it was still a small mistake, idk why people went apeshit when there are people out there who did WORSE things
His credibility is just… gone.
Only got famous cause he's hot
This didn't age well 😅
I never expected you to be perfect. If there's one thing I always tell myself it's: Don't depend on an expectation of someone else. Because they will let you down. It's Human Nature. We are not Perfect.
This guy is as phony as it gets
Me to same.
wow....art of playing victims
This is Russian propaganda. He's a shill and only does social media for clout.
Hes a jew.  Enough said
You literally did this thoughtfully and quarantined after. You looked at guidelines before.   Social media mobs are a disgrace. You didn't do anything wrong here.
when this happened was it not yet common knowledge that covid almost never spreads outdoors?
Ts is so funny years later
fact everyone instantly forgot about this
Do you pray to Fauci every night while going to sleep in your face diaper?
LMAO WHO CAME FROM FRENEMIES
I watch Dr. Mike like he's an entertainer, not a Dr.
😂😂😂
I dont care, its a small mistake in my eyes. Many other made far worse blunders in gar more egregious ways. Probably should have put this on main, but still.
what a narcissist. The guy apologizes for something he considers stupid and at the same time plays the victim saying that conspiracy theorists take advantage of his mistake. This guy disgusts me.
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Nothing but excuses. Typical.
Masks did nothing anyway it was all a hoax admitted by faucci
why are all these comments so rude.
So we all forgot about this didn’t we?
Foul.
that you posted it to this channel and not the main one says a lot. That you disabled the dislikes says also a lot.
Fauci's pawn
🤡
lmao this guy is jokes
Haha you got foud out
Nice to admit when you felt you were wrong. Wish the US government, Fauci and all the others who created this virus and spent millions on the Wuhan lab and lie to us everyday. Fauci should be locked up and fined out the wazzu..
You know what? You're human. You screwed up. We all do it.  What is truly important is that you learn from it. True, it will be a hard lesson. You'll lose viewers, trust, respect, and, as you pointed out, people will use your situation to push conspiracy theories. Embrace your mistake. Don't defend it. Own up to the situation. Take the "Eminem 8 Mile" approach. If you mention everything that they might bring up, suddenly no one has anything to say that you haven't already addressed.  Anyway, it's disappointing, but as long as you learn from it, the best thing to do is move on.
What a narcissist. He may have a degree but it takes responsibility, serene mind and skills to be a doctor.
His holy attitude rubs me the wrong way
You believed 100% of the cdc propaganda , and were dead wrong about all of it
You will still be my farv doctor no matter what
Its okay
ممنونم از اینکه همیشه زحمت میکشید❤❤
im part of the generation that understands that people make mistakes and you understand what you did is wrong and i forgive you....this new generation wonders why they have noone to look up to. if you didnt have the mindset that people have to be perfect you would....maybe look in the mirror because you arent perfect either.
Just came across this guy!! Hey Doc are you going to make another video on the excess deaths and vax injuries??
Just came by to check on this milk to see how it aged.
Instead of being honest and saying masks don’t work as they are said to. He’s still keeping the narrative. Such a self righteous hypocritical narcissist.
İf you would have learned from your mistakes you would stop trusting the cdc
Influencer…
Hahaha the masks!!! This aged horribly for you.  What a quack! Go get yourself another vax and do us all a favor.
I don't really care about this as it didn't harm anyone and this man still inspired me to go to med school even after my aunt died so I do not care
75.3k dislikes to 53k likes
Post this on your main please.
I understand why people are upset from what I can see. But as far as I can tell, you’re human, made a poor choice, and you’re choosing to fix it. In my mind you are forgiven. I’m sure everyone has made a poor choice at one point in their life or another, and facing backlash is scary, facing the disappointment you caused is heartbreaking. Dr. Mike, you are human. I am not going to fault you for that. I know I’ve made some mistakes in my past and I would rather be defined by how I tried to change rather than focusing on the mistake. You are not frozen in time. Again, you are forgiven.
Most of his fans defended him simply because they felt attracted to his appearance and nothing else...
yall are all corny its really not that serious like tf like why yall getting so mad to the point yall dont like him anymore like lol thats honestly childish he quarantined after everyone is healthy after this so why yall so pressed
Old video but HOLY lack of accountability. Extremely rare Dr.Mike L but this is a reason why a LOT of people don’t trust doctors
Oh wow, rather than hate comments I am seeing an astonishing number of people making excuses for a doctor going out during a DEADLY pandemic. I just know these people who are defending him absolutely went outside and put other people at risk too. Yall are just as selfish as he is, I am not surprised one bit people like yall are defending him.
Lmao I cannot believe people are still leaving hate comments here. He’s a doctor but he’s still one of us, doctors aren’t different from you or I because of position, he barely even did anything wrong and people will just look for excuses to dislike celebrities. Keep up your work Mike, we love you bro
Knowing all we do now about this virus, you did nothing wrong.
What do people think, after this happened he just started coughing on people bruh
Sheesh u ppl are so mean😭 yes he’s a doctor but he’s human like ppl make mistakes. Every comment I’ve seen is so rude like u ppl rly have no compassion
A lot of excuses and hidden from your main. Sociopath.
Wow, 2 years later.. and I still see hateful comments. It makes me so angry after all his hard work. He said he deserves it.. he kind of does, but right now, in 2023, with the hate comments STILL is wrong.    Ily Doctor Mike, and it’s okay.
Okay Frat boy doctor. This why people don't trust doctors.
Bros even right when he’s wrong💀
Doctors saying do not do this  Him do not do this  Does it anyways
You lost a sub
Own up to it
You messed up
Clown
😮
Honestly if he was any one nonfamous no one would care so I don't really care. Your a real one mike don't forget it and keep doing what your doing (except the stuff your apologizing for)
Doctor mike is on my bingo card for cancellations. I got Anne Frank a while back and Mr Beast recently.
I feel sad that he did that but I'm not mad about it because he deserves a forgiven cos that's what God would won't us to do and not to be disappointed or mad about it so I'm not mad at you Dr Mike
I know this video is old, but I feel you bro. Covid really fucked me up mentally for over a year I was traumatized and millions of people who took it serious like we did, so I understand and can relate so much to what you're saying my guy it's cool to own up the when your wrong but you don't owe anybody an apology. I had to deal with so much and was so depressed I would give it to mom. Plus it sucks more I take care of my mom so I wasn't risking getting her I'll because she always have major health issues.
Crazy that ppl were so upset about someone wanting to get out regardless of the pandemic.. I mean, come on like none of us did something we shouldn’t have without a mask on. I couldn’t wait to get out and did not always where my mail. Anyway, glad Dr Mike is still going.
I'm just wondering, it was a private boat, right? Meaning they gathered with people they knew didn't have covid. I bet all of you stayed working and being around family. Dang, let the man live. I had to work during the pandemic, and NONE of you gave a damn. You labeled me as an essential worker. This may have been 2 years ago; but all of you need to back off. If this was such an issue, you all would've stayed at home when it first happened. But NOOOO, Americans are so damn entitled to doing what they want to do. Yes, as a doctor, he shouldn't have gone. But he was off the clock and someone else was saving lives. You all put him on a pedestal, so that's talks fault. Mike is human and will always be human. All these comments were unnecessary and majority of them were kids that never had a job or anything, listening to other people give them advice. Growing up and not being so biased, would've prevented all of this extra drama.  "Why didn't he post it on his main account." You all do realize that he is actually someone that works? And that his main account wouldn't have been appropriate, considering the content he actually puts on there. This is actually the smarted thing he could've done.   If you know Doctor Mike from his videos, you know he isn't someone who makes a 1 minute or a 10 minute video when it's discussing something serious. Just because he didn't apologize the way you wanted too, doesn't mean he didn't apologize. Everyone is so entitled; if you don't say it the way they want you to say it, you're always going to be the bad guy. He apologized and gave an explanation of what he did, because EVERYONE has the right to explain themselves. Come on, his friends got him a private boat because they felt their friend needed it. You all can still look up to him because he is damn good doctor and he is also human. Goodness, these are not people who actually watch Mike and understands where he is coming from. These are people that have hate in their hearts and just wants to tear someone down.
This video didn't age well. As if he even needed to make this video.
Y’all really gonna sit here and act like you were PERFECT during the pandemic? 😂
To be honest I don't care what he does he apologized he admitted that he was wrong that's all I care about I'll still look up to him no matter what.
still don't get why people were this offended after the apology. idk the comment section seems to gone too overboard for me.
SPINELESS! DISABLED LIKES!
Tbh daddy mike i am a subscriber of your main channel and just barely found out abt this but yeah i am not even trippin so lol
I don’t understand why people are so mad about this…nothing he said here is wrong including the fact that Covid doesn’t really affect young people. Y’all were and still are overreacting
A comment section full of people overreacting. That's honestly how I feel. People going on these long diatribes about how "they use to look up to you" and blah blah blah. This is a very minimal mistake. God people can be so dramatic.
I've never seen such a butthurt comment section lmao live your own lives because I'm sure if we knew what y'all were doing we would be disappointed too. Give the man a break.and quit acting so high and mighty
This is 2 years old but I find it disgusting how almost everyone is blaming him. Did he screw up and got selfish? Yeah, he did. But guys, even though you consider him a superhero, he's still a human, he has made, makes and will make mistakes. He didn't owe this to anyone. He didn't owe an apology, he could have just ignored it. Why post it on his main channel? Just to get millions of people, most of which don't even truly like his content, to see his screw-up to have backlash? That's not right, that would be masochistic. Stop idolizing public figures and then hating and bashing them when they don't meet your high standards.
Everyone makes mistakes. Mike not wearing a mask for 1 day is not as bad as people who have never wore one before. Even though he didn’t wear a mask for a day, doctor mike made sure that he was healthy enough to not be at the biggest risk (for yourself and other people). Also, doctor mike apologized and is accepting for everything he did. He may have posted this on his second channel, but the fact that he posted it should matter.
i believe this was a decent apology, you acknowledged your mistakes, addressed why you rationalised those mistakes, admitted how negatively it affected your image to your viewers, and promised to do better. what more can you get out of someone? i dont know what all the comments are about, but but i believe this apology was the right way to go.
the people in here saying this rubbish are the same people being Karens and not wearing masks themselves. Take a break and mind your own business.
Your human live your life Doctor Mike. You need your on private place. Some people and your fans think they own you. That's the price for being famous. So choose.🙂❤️
I proud of u docmike love u
The hate here is massive, jesus. I don't know why you're expected to be this paragon who has never once done anything of remote risk.
you are a good person bro
Mental health is important too, and what you did was beneficial to your mental health, we can only take so much distancing as a person and your not in yhe wrong here
was I the only one that Enjoyed the social isolation? I loved the lock down
So yall are mad at him for visiting friends and family he followed the guid lines he followed safty procedures he done everything in the safty book for covid and yall still mad
Why did this get recommended to me after 2 years? Uuuh… thanks YouTube algorithm
Bro everyone mad go to Texas and u will learn reallll quick
How did Mike mess up? What did he do wrong? Can someone please 🙏 explain to me what he think he did wrong? Thank you for letting me know what it was.
Idk, if the legitimate doctor didn't wear a mask during covid season I think that's speaking more volumes regarding how covid is overplayed. He knows the risks as a doctor and he kept safe, I've no idea why everyone's so mad and "disappointed" especially when it's already been well proven that masks don't work in the first place and haven't the entire time.
Who cares what he does on his own time
What's with the comments? Geez, did he kill someone? I'm not aware of the story but it seems like all he did was not wear a mask; not sure if all the hate is justified, I don't even understand why he's apologizing. (edit: I know this is over 1 year old but I just saw it.)
💜
I watched a specialist in body language break down this video and he said that, according to the specialist, that Dr Mike’s apologies were insincere. He also pointed out that he tucked it away from view on this channel. I’ve lost a lot of respect for him……..
He shouldn't have apologized in the first place. It'll never be good enough for some of the people who criticized him.
So many harsh comments after a public apology. Life is a constant risk and reward assessment. After being cooped up for so long, you need a break to keep your sanity. NY was so strict about COVID rules. Many New Yorkers escaped to Florida to relax. It's all good.
I know I am about 2 years late to this video and I might not be the only one thinking about it this way. Let's take away all titles and positions of power. Would you, yourself have taken the opportunity to go have a good time with your friends among all this loneliness the isolation have brought. Taken all the precautions as Mike has and doing a proper risk analysis, I think I can safely say a majority here would have taken the same path. A isolated place where everyone knew the risks and taken necessary cautions after the event. Not to talk about how much the whole think would cost at that point in money.  I don't think it is right to shun Mike for this. Everyone needs a little time to recharge.
Bro...are y'all good, it was never this serious some of these comments are acting like we just found out he's a serial killer maybe its the British in me but if my friend gets me a private boat for my birthday best believe we're getting on that boat and i ain't apologising to a soul tf sometimes you Americans seem like you don’t want to get back to normal life you want to be wearing masks and standing 6 feet apart forever Mike come to London I guarantee no one will care if you get on boat with your friends we like to live our lives over here 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Thank you for being honest and transparent with all of us, I dont feel like you put anyone in actual danger or harm. I believe you are an intelligent person and assessed the risks of this trip and proceeded accordingly. I believe the hate that you are receiving from people is very unnecessary. Take a chill pill and stop acting like this one “mistake” if u want to call it that makes him less of a great person or doctor👊🏿
Absolutely stupid. All these sheeple who need to be told how to handle their own health and getting pissy about how some guy they don't even know handles his own. I wish he hadn't apologized. He doesn't owe anyone an apology. If anyone should apologize it's the jerks (usually raging hypocrites) who used the pandemic as an excuse to treat people as sub-human for having even a slightly different take than their own EVEN when their own take is spoon fed to them by people they don't/won't know. The last few years have definitely NOT brought out the best in people. Even now, the air is tense and everywhere you go people are just inexplicably MEAN.
Tbh I don't really think that he did nothing wrong he had a party and didn't wear a mask so what no one died he checked to make sure there was barely any risk
You made a calculated risk and thought it was worth it. We do this EVERY single day, literally. I could never live under the expectations of other ppl.
I thought this was attached to the pfizer court documents sigh..
Can people stop hating on this guy he admitted that he was wrong and learn from it.
You can't have it both ways...there is ZERO science in terms of germ transmission with a percentage to total capacity of a transport vehicle...that's not how it works.
Thank you for not only being vocal about what really happened, but also genuinely apologizing and admitting that you were wrong. That takes guts, mad respect for you
Nobody should be judging Dr. Mike unless they are perfect. And I know for a fact that nobody here in this comment section is perfect. Humans make even worse mistakes and nobody cares. The only reason everybody is going out against him is because he’s a big media influencer. He has done so much great for the world and help so many people. I am in fact proud of Dr. Mike for even having the courage to apologize for his mistake. This apology that Dr. Mike has given does not make me disappointed in him because I’m not perfect, I cannot judge him because I’ve made mistakes to. Do not judge Dr. Mike, instead be appreciative that Dr. Mike apologized not only to the people affected but to the whole world.
The Cope in the comments is unreal. Let the Chad have his fun.
Wow. A man enjoying his birthday, what a crime. Smh. Leave the man alone. This is ridiculous
U didn’t mess up. Ignore the liberals
Wait what were people blowing up about? Him going on a boat during the pandemic is all I heard? What a bunch of weak people hahaha
You mean you're NOT perfect 😱😱😱😱.. Dr. Mike..welcome to the rel world with the rest of us screw-ups. You're not alone in being a bonehead..but thank you for owning up to your mistake. As long as you learn from it, it'll be ok. 🙂
Omg.  You did fine. You have to live as well. Did you get sick? Did you make anyone else sick? That’s right you’re human, you deserve a life. You mitigated the risk and what else can you do ?
Me a year ago would've been absolutely offended.  Me today's like "meh, too tired of this pandemic, as long as you're safe with your friends and taking precautions or isolating after the party when cases are higher, it's okay."  We've been so focused on making sure to not spread the virus that we forgot that we need to also focus on how to live life and adapt. If you party every week and are not careful then sure it's bad, but let's not forget that we're humans with strong needs for socializing and connexion . No apology video is ever perfect anyway, but this one is good enough ;) .
I get it. We all have our week moments and make poorly decisions due to that.
Why do people care so much. Youtube commenters aren't real people
This hurts to watch even 1 year later... Mike, you were rolemodel to people, and this is what they'd receive in return of their admiration? We expected the best from you dude...
man this is why I hate YouTube's democracy cause it's shit because most of the comment in this vids are pure shit literally yes Dr Mike broke the rules he's a fucking human atleast he did a apology vid will ur fucking celebrety do this apology no i bet they do it in a 2sec video and also he may wrote an apology dearly and rehearsing it so?
Man wears a mask when he walks his dog. What an idiot 😂
I would’ve been right there on the boat with ya mike! Hope you had a good time and fuck all these losers in the comments.
Its ok we all make mistakes But you being a doctor this was a bad message but i still thing you guys should keep the hate to yourself
Post this on your main
bruh why do you hate this guy HE HAS A LIFE YOU HAVE. A LIVPYE
i cried watching this i love how human and honest you were and i don’t care about all the negative comments people are sending you yes you made a mistake but you owned up to it and people should respect that. i love you and all your videos and i’m subscribed to both your channels ❤️❤️❤️ p.s it would mean a lot if you could reply to this
Try swimming down with mask , i bet you
All of ya'll hating on doctor mike need to realize that Dr. Mike is a person. You know what's really sad? A doctor spends thousands of hours working to save peoples' lives, help inform them about their health, etc., and yet when they are caught ONCE not doing the "Medically responsible" thing, suddenly they have thousands of people calling them a horrible person, hypocrite, etc. Sometimes people f*ck up. Billions of people every day do things that they've told other people not to do. That doesn't make them fake. It makes them *PEOPLE* .
You guys are sensitive he made a mistake like all humans and you've prob made more mistakes than him
You shouldn’t feel the need to apologize for spending time with your friends and family, even in these hard times. We all want to spend time with the people we value, and there is no need to apologize for doing so. Your medical message is safe and sound. You’re fine. You shouldn’t have to apologize for this just because you’re a public figure.
People these days are so fucking sensitive 😒😒
wow this really wasnt trending even though it has over a million views, weird. first time hearing of this. crazy how many people do have such a hard stance on this, interesting. eh people make mistakes, just dont redo the same mistakes again and again.
No way people cared this much
My God! I was asking myself since the day I had begun to watch his videos on Youtube, “What will be the mistake he’d make? No one is that perfect!” Well, here we are.   It is an awful mistake, and his excuses are ridiculous as well. But I do not think the way he apologizes is what matters most. I’m just curious if he could find an opportunity to think about the personal, more specifically emotional, reasons that led him to make this wrong decision; why he couldn’t say ‘no’ simply.   If he did this consideration, I’d be so happy for him. I think he seems a pure-hearted guy, and I hope it will always help him to correct his faults properly during his life. :)
Even if it’s not great to not listen to your own advice, I feel like everyone makes mistakes, while some are little worse, mistakes are gateways to perfection.
Yes you messed up yes you made a mastake but were all human and I understand how it can effect a lot people and for that I don't necessarily forgive you but I will say that learning from what happened would be the best thing to do  and stay safe we can all take a piece from our ma's takes in order to do the right thing
I wish I didn’t find this video 😕
No one is perfect. We all do dumb stuff. You cant just that, but the best thing you can do when you’re wrong is admit it. Even doctors can still fail
I mean I’m gonna be rude but I honestly don’t care, I like you doctor mike, but I couldn’t care less if you broke a Covid rule, I’m not gonna look at you breaking one rule and think oh we can do whatever we want, now. No I have my opinion on the virus, and if anyone thinks they can go out during a pandemic now because u did, that’s on them.   Plus people need to chill, people have down far worse things, if your mad at him that’s fine. But don’t pin if issues on him,  To clarify this is a selfish and hypocritical act by him. But i don’t think he’s a bad human.
lmao @ everyone crying about this
Dr. Mike Yeah you messed up that badly don’t you don’t feel bad for yourself OK it’s not like you killed someone because you didn’t yeah you did mess up I don’t know the affect you in such a way that it kills you or causes you some other issue it wasn’t that huge of a mess up in my opinion..
I completely agree with you. I do realize that you made a mistake, but the ability to admit when you’re wrong is incredible. I do believe that people acted in the wrong way about this though. People can’t just treat someone like an idol, and then get mad at them for doing something wrong. People can’t just act like there are other humans on earth that are infallible, when really, that’s not true at all. Doctor Mike was very honest and true about the mistake he made, and very sincere with his apology. We can’t just find some guy online and act like he’s perfect and incapable of making mistakes, but he is. Almost all humans on this planet are practically prone to make a mistake. I forgive you, and I think it was very honest of you to apologize and explain what happened. You are human, humans make mistakes, and I have learned to forgive them.
Man, I get this was a year ago, but damn. Everyone went all mad villager witchhunt on this guy. Take it easy Doctor Mike - we all do dumb stuff, and if people want to be hypocritical executioners (because they somehow believe a moral high ground is theirs) then that is on them. I'm glad you were safe and that everyone was healthy.❤️
Compared to millions that aren’t even apologetic Karens that do this daily, you’re going to blast a front line worker.  for doing this *properly* to visit *family* for his *birthday*?
I don't think you did anything wrong regarding hanging out in a boat, people just manipulated and abused your position as an influencer. They twisted your the situation. I appreciate the message, but I have also learned that there are other forms health, other than just physical health. There is Mental health, emotional health, even spiritual health. Those need to be taken care of too, and to me you balanced them well. You hung out with your friends in a very safe way, and I'm sure that was a much needed break in routine that refreshed your health in general. I'm sorry that people have been really unbalanced and unforgiving about it.
A year later and no one cars about what he did, yall were so pressed and now what lmfao, it was never a hude deal, he fucked up but is all g
damn a lot of cancel culture followers here in this comment section
To everyone in the comments no one is perfect. Who is it to say you yourself haven’t made mistakes. Making hateful comments on the internet. Saying your disappointment. Saying he was your hero. Me your own hero. You don’t need anyone to tell you what or who you are. This is understandable. He is saying to do better that he needs to do better. Maybe it should’ve been on his main channel. But to not forgive someone who is trying to strive to do better is wrong. You should always forgive others. Always. To forgive. You don’t have to follow him but not to forgive!? What if you do something wrong of any kind how can you be forgiven when you can’t forgive someone else. You can’t be forgiven for anything. We are all human. No one is perfect. You can’t expect to be forgiven if you can’t forgive someone else. I know for a fact all of you aren’t perfect. because no human is. I’m sure as heck not. Food for thought. You don’t have to watch his channel and you don’t have to post but I want you to think about why it is you all couldn’t be the better person in this situation. Stop commenting on things you all don’t understand. You don’t like him then don’t post and don’t watch. Sure free country free speech. Hate never solves anything. Tell him to be accountable. Be your own hero. Don’t hold others on a pedestal because you will always be disappointed. Hold yourself up high and be a better person. Have people follow your lead by being an example.
It was obviously a bad move and it looks bad on him since he’s a doctor but I genuinely don’t see why this is such a big deal to warrant these reactions. Let’s not act like everyone always wore masks and isolated all day every day…
Amazing how upset people are, going off in the comments. 30k comments saying the same thing isn't necessary, pretty sure he got it by then. Mans a doctor who's been working his butt off since way before covid let alone during the pandemic, his trip was well earned and not a waste of resources. Leave him alone. 😂
"I don't have health problems" *Has literally talked about his health problems on his channel*
This is a real apology, I think it makes a lot of sense for what he is saying. He knows he is sorry, he knows he did wrong already, that is what an “apology” is about ok? He is just telling you guys that he actually did some research before going to the party and he saw the info in Google THEN he made his choice, if Google said the opposite then he wouldn’t do it. He IS A DOCTOR. That’s why he did research first! And also, he is JUST TELLING YOU GUYS that he doesn’t not have health problems, he is young, how does it mean his apology isn’t true? I don’t understand, WELL IT IS TRUE THAT HIS HEALTH IS GREAT AND AGE IS NO MATCH TO THE VIRUS ISNT IT? Like, now he knows that he could get the virus then it’s gonna spread, he just new that after getting caught by fans. He didn’t think about at first for that point. Now he knows. And he said sorry about it. Now let me say, the part where he said his health and his age is blablabla, is actually just TELLING US, WHICH ISNT PART OF THE APOLOGY. Why do we think whatever in this video is part of an apology? He said he messed up that means he learnt his lesson right? So, it’s ok now! Also, he didn’t upload to his main channel BECAUSE his main channel is for education of medical stuff, not for these kinds of videos, and obvs he would think that his main viewers watches all vids that comes from him and even watch the second channel, right? U won’t suddenly upload a cooking video in a music channel isn’t it? Now u guys should understand that this video is a true apology, if it isn’t true that means he doesn’t wanna apologise then he wouldn’t even MAKE A VIDEO SAYING SORRY, HE WOULD JUST KEEP DEBATING THAT THERE IS NO PROBLEM TO GO OUT OK? If it was u, would u make a video like him saying all these stuff when u don’t even feel sorry?
Guys, have a heart. He's apologizing here, not arguing. I doubt that every time you don't wear a mask, you get people calling you a liar and a fraud, plus, he admitted that he made a mistake.
See, if any doctor who isn’t famous did this, they wouldn’t have millions of people mad at them. Just because Mike is a YouTuber, he’s still human and makes mistakes. He recognized his mistake and is open to talking about it
This is so cheesy. Seriously 🙄
👏🏻👏🏻
Maaaaaan. People now really are stupid. He's not justifying what he did to be right. He's admitting that what he did went against his message and at the time didn't realize that and explained why he did what he did. He's not making excuses. That's how you apologize like an adult.
we are HUMAN. we make huge mistakes and yall should be giving him a second chance.at least he checked everything and at least he admits it. he is genuine and yall need to understand that.
You did something wrong, but I forgive you!! These people just want to look like they actually have nothing to do behind their screens but you actually apologised. I know you messed up, I know you need to do better, but you meant it. Your amazing dr mike 🙂
I know this is old but it’s crazy he has to apologize. He’s still human, apologized when he didn’t have to and you people still belittle him. Y’all are lame. Leave him alone. :)
He is human, not just a doctor. Doctors tell people that they shouldn't smoke and that it's bad for you, but still some doctors smoke. I think that people should stop judging others and just worry about you. It's not like he tried to hide it and pretend that it didn't happen.
Jesus loves you!!!
The people upset acting like they didn’t also do it
People need to stop putting others on a pedestal like they're omnipotent or impeccably flawless. The dudes name is Mike, not Jesus. Sure it's a little underhanded if this isn't on the main channel, but that more than likely came as a decision from other people like an editor or publicist offering advice. I don't follow Mike b/c he does or doesn't practice what he preaches, I follow him b/c good information & good content. Hope you had a blast bro & happy belated bday! @DoctorMike
do I care? no. will I still simp over u? yes
That's part of being human. What's important is honesty and responsibility and change. I hope that you do your best. :)
Can people stop bashing him he is also human like you everyone makes mistake’s because your parents made you
I know this is a year old, but I just saw this and I have to say- yes he made a stupid decision. Yes he shouldn't have done it. However, you can get on your soapbox all you want, but how many of us can actually say we haven't done something similar? Have you always worn your mask in public? Have you always social distanced? I've gone shopping a few times without my mask because I either forgot it or it slipped my mind. I've even seen nurses in the grocery store without a mask. It happens. As for him being a doctor and making videos about COVID safety but still going to that party, so what? He's a doctor, not a robot. Healthcare workers make mistakes, they do stupid stuff, they don't always use common sense or follow their own advice. It doesn't take away from their advice though and Dr. Mike going to that party doesn't take away from his messages about COVID and COVID safety or make him a hypocrite or bad doctor. If it did then we're all hypocrites and bad at our jobs. We definitely should support healthcare workers during this time, but we need to stop putting them on a pedestal and acting like they shouldn't ever make stupid decisions. Also, can anyone other than Dr. Mike really truly say if his apology was sincere or not? You don't know if it was. I don't know if it was. It may have been or it might not have. Only Dr. Mike and possibly those around him know that.  Point is, get off your own soapbox and take a hard look at yourself before judging someone, even a healthcare professional.
He about to cry his eyes is tearing up I can tell
Honestly, I don’t understand. I don’t get it. Your crucifying someone who is a net benefit for society, for internet likes? Like the guy already holds himself to a pretty high standard. He’s pretty chill, is a doctor, and does his research. And he did say that he follow the regulations at the time. I will defend him for one reason. How many of you actually listened to dr mikes advice? When your friends texted you, and asked you to go out with them and have a good time, don’t tell me you said “ no no, I’m a good human, and I’m gonna stay inside because the government told me to.” Seeing how long it took people to actually get it to get it together and stop gathering, then my guess is no. And if you didn’t go and hangout with friends, good for you. You did your small part. But while mike didn’t do that, he followed regulations and did as best he could to limit risk, and quarantined himself soon after. He didn’t simply throw caution to the wind, and he didn’t maliciously ignore the rules to have fun either. Dude was pressured into the activity, and despite participating, still took measures to limit risk, while I’m guessing the rest of you probably went, “well if I’m already doing this, then what’s the point of social distancing and following regulations eh? Might as well have some fun!” Dude still had the presence of mind to mind regulations and restrict himself. Most people wouldn’t do that, even other doctors. And for people saying that people who’re young and healthy die of Covid too, yes he knows, he’s not stupid. Statistically speaking, if your young and healthy without any weakness towards lung disease, you’re pretty safe. Not 100% safe, but safe enough that it’s not worth freaking out and staying home. Y’all are acting like germaphobes, relax. At least the dude apologized at all. He didn’t have to apologize, he didn’t do anything wrong. He went to a party, oh no. What a nightmare.
what did he do?
I understand that he has a huge platform ect. But he admitted he was wrong and no matter what he would have said people would have and have found a way to put down his attempts at apology. This has to be a huge embarrassing moment for him. As much as I am personally disappointed in Dr. Mike, it looks like he is more disappointed in himself....  He is human.... He wasn't making excuses in my opinion he was trying to explain the situation in detail for you all... Dr. Mike  "with great position of power comes great responsibility" don't forget that! Thank you for owning your mistake all the same. Anyone can see his apology on YouTube regardless  of what channel he put it on and that does take courage....
Okay so, he does live alone and he may be a Hypocrite but don't you think he can get lonely like maybe he missed his friends and family he may did something he shouldn't have done but imagine your friends surprised you wouldn't you feel embarrassed to say no after they put so much effort
Good man you are Dr. Mike.  Thanks for sharing your knowledge, thoughts and opinions with all of us.  😁 Your energy flows from my screen to me.  Hi to Bear.
What a crock...
why did everyone get so upset about this. It WASNT a big deal. Just let him enjoy is birthday
You're a good man Dr. Mike.  Thank you for the information, education you generously give to all of us. Please give Bear a belly rub for me.
Lmao people so mad that he followed covid protocols and went to a party, he did nothing wrong. He got tested, quarantined, and followed CDC guidance. All you mad at him for seeing people, something people have not been able to do. All of you making these dumb "Im so hurt" comments need to realise that having people on lockdown for the rest of their lives is stupid and pointless. At what point do you realise that this pandemic is not such a huge deal that we need to take away freedoms
I'm a new viewer I have no idea what was going on so pls don't attack me cuz I'm dumb
He’s just HUMAN people !!!!!! Daang 🤦🏾‍♀️
Doctor Mike is not a coward he is a proud doctor and human being. He did what every person in this world did a mistake and he made this video to apoligize to his veiwers of what he did and did what he stood against. You might not accept that but you shouldn't write comments about how he is a sham and sellout when he isnt. He didnt sellout to anyone and he isnt a sham. Doctor Mike is a family doctor who help many children who are sick and through his many videos you can tell how he isnt a sham and look at all the people he helped and cared for and the deep and insightful information carefully placed in each video to inform us the viewer. He a coward for not posting this on his main channel, he didn't post it because it doesn't relate to his main channel enough to be posted there and is too short. This video is an apolgy video which doesn't fit in with the informative medical videos and a life as a doctor. Many comments talks about how y'all looked up to him and not anymore because he made a bad disiction. Also how his aplogy video isnt even a apology video. An Apology isn't only what he says in it, it also includes on it comes from the heart. Doctor Mike is a great person who helped many people during this pandemic and through out his entire carrier and will keep helping people until he reitires. Your comments don't help anyone and are selfish about how "I don't deserve this and how I gratudaed in quaratine and how I celebreated my birthyday in queartine. The negatyive comments on this video is not needed and can cause many effects to the menttal health of Dr. MIke. Your negative comments also don't do anything to help the situation, and isn't helping at all in any way, so it makes your comments irrelevent. I do understand how some of yall feel heart broken and dissapointed, but you and I shouldn't downpour all this negative comments on him.
so what did he do
I know I’m a year late but I really wish you would give this man some slack- he very very rarely screws up and you can tell he genuinely feels awful about this at the same time as feeling embarrassed about his actions (hence why he didn’t post on his main channel- he evidently wanted to keep this under wraps to avoid any further controversy and embarrassment from anyone who was unaware.) I still look up to him as a professional, I still recognise his talent and genuine care. He looked up the relevant guidelines for the given activity and he is taken responsibility either way. He has been under a lot of pressure as a public doctor. He fucked up, sure. We all do. I hope that you all aren’t still holding this against him.
if anyone in these comments got invited, they would've gone
I forgive you Mike!!
This is so relateable  This happens to me so much.
Amazing how quickly the people who praised you for your countless good deeds all turn into the worst critics when one single slip up is made...mike is a human just like you guys the only reason you can talk crap is cause no one saw your slip ups.... Let's uplift the people who are trying.to make a difference by educating us
I just want to say that not many people would admit their mistake. Everyone makes mistakes. I am glad Doctor Mike has apologised. He has my respect.  Edit: Also, I think it's unfair that the bad things you do can completely cancel out the good things you do, but the good things you do, don't cancel out the bad things you do (like most people commenting on this video). Are you telling me that you've never broken a rule before?!
So the real message here is: DON'T POST EVERYTHING ONLINE!!!! it could have a massive backlash. #staysafe #stayhealthy
It's fine mike, we make mistakes sometimes. And  I totally understand all of this. I know this is a yr ago but it's alr! But you should still use the mask bc of covid ofc! But i'm glad you changed from before to now. :)
Looking at the situation, yes Dr. Mike is totally accountable for his careless choice but I hope he learns from this and I also hope that this one thing won't just wipe off the good things he did .
Everybody is a human mistakes happen. You apologized then it's fine if you don't repeat the mistake its fine. Sorry but, Doctors are the worst patients.
I just want to say to everyone that no one is perfect certainly not me, not him, and not you either. Everyone will search for socialization at  times of pandemic. Don’t be criticize him for one mistake he’s asked forgiveness for. Dr. Mike should you see this message know that you’re forgiven not only by me and others that stand firmly beside you but that He who is more important. Yes, you’re human like all the rest of us, but what matters most is that learn from our mistakes and you did just that. We care for you. May you have a blessed day.
My late mother used to say:  "if you can't say something good about a person, then say nothing". So: ..............................................................................................................................................
I don't care that he went on a boat. At all. Two damn years of COVID and I don't care at all.
It's okay. We're all dumb shits sometimes. At least he learned from it. Also, move on. He made one mistake like a year ago. Y'all still drag him for it. Imagine if you made a mistake a year ago, and people are still mad at you a year later. How dumb is that?
Look- is he a Doctor, yes; but he is a Doctor just as much as he is human. Though he supports a cause and a belief, and is a huge face for medical information here on this platform, there is only so much one person can do. He abided by every ruling from the CDC, took every pre-caution upon going and coming from his trip, meaing he truthfully did not do anything that deserves this type of harrasment. I do understand the perspective of some; where you might say that he is somone to look up to and now you can't because he did something socically interactive whilst still being in a pandemic, but just as much as physical health is important, mental health is also. Take a moment before leaving a nasty comment to think, why are you really here? To learn more medical advice? To enjoy the fun and enjorable humor of this young, brilliant Doctor? Or are you now ismply here to be bashful upon a  loyal content creator. Maybe considder your role on social media before making leaving a comment that truly could hurt a human beings mental health.
I think your explanation makes sense, cheers
omfg. He took proper precautions. He stayed WELL within state guidelines. Its a Pandemic, yes, but he didn't throw a 500 person indoor race like so many douchecunt "influencers" have.  He DID apologize. He literally says "I'm sorry. I let you down."  AS LONG AS YOU ARE FOLLOWING GUIDELINES IT IS OK TO NOT LET FEAR CONSUME YOU.  And, before anyone goes off. I DO support and believe the science.  All the people calling foul and acting offended "on behalf" of people at risk can do me a huge favor and STOP SPEAKING FOR US.  I am Immunocompromised, Physically Disabled, and Chronically ill. I am one if the people MOST AT RISK. Like, if I contact C19, I WILL, REPEAT, W I L L DIE and i frankly am in the camp of letting people have fun IF IT IS WITHIN STATE/FED/CDC GUIDELINES.   Doctor Mike, love your vids mate. You really help my phobia of healthcare.
This is cool and all but did u know that coca cola was actually green
I'm pretty pissed about the people who are continuing to give him crap about his actions. Yes,  what he did was wrong but keep in mind that we're all human and we make mistakes. He identified his mistakes and apologized.  Also so what if he posted it on this channel? At least he posted it at all. I probably would have done the same thing..
So I’m really stupid, so can someone explain what Mike did? I get that he went on a boat or smt, but in the video he explained that he hadn’t breached guidelines. Did he forget to wear a mask? Or are you just not allowed to use boats? I’m in Australia so I have no idea what the situation was like in USA
I think Dr. Mike seriously overestimates how much of an impact he actually has to the world. Honestly, nobody cares dude. You didn't do some outrageous thing like some famous celebrity who acted out or got caught doing something illegal and has to make a big speech. You're fine, let people talk. They would talk about you regardless if you went on that boat or not.
Tbh I am actually disgusted by the comments that are criticizing Dr Mike here, he followed guidelines and was cautious realized he was wrong in retrospect and apologizes what more can you ask from him so many wouldn't have said anything, should he have posted this to his main, yes, should he have kept the dislike to like ration on, yes but at least he had the guts to come out and apologize, not to mention people are acting like this is a personal betrayal, when he is still educating millions online while saving lives as a doctor, people in the comment section should be ashamed of themselves.
Guys, I think the hate should stop. I came up to this video just now, and how people are calling him a "hypocrite". I am not here to take sides. He has made a mistake. I know. But he isn't the only one who attended parties and violated the guidelines. Honestly, I think that if anything, y'all should attack all, if you think what he did was wrong. I admit he was, but A LOT of other people did as well. I've seen many other times when people did things worse, and as long as everyone took minor precautions, that's all that matters. And most importantly, he apologized, so people should stop hating on him. He at least admitted that he made a mistake. He was tested negative and made sure that everyone was safe. Stop the hate and move on :)
So you all are expecting him to be a perfect man like seriously...
Dear the average comment scroller,          At first, I was fumingly mad at Mike for being a coward and not posting this on his main channel. Quite frankly, I still am, but now I realize a thought that never crossed my mind before. His main channel is meant to make people smile, and get people away from the drama. So I understand the thought of him not wanting to put any drama on his main channel.                                                                                                                                                                                                                Sincerely,                                                                                                                                                                                                               RadicalAPS
I mean I really think we should give this guy just a little bit of a break because he took all of the precautions, he checked the mask requirements, he checked the boat capacity and although he still did it he did more than the rest of them have even tried to do.
Atlest he apologized and it doesn't matter if he did or did not  Humans make mistakes
Wait what did hedo? He went to a party? LMAO whooo cares?! You are some sad ass people
I can't believe people were really that upset over this... I bet most of you went out places you didn't absolutely have to..
People are saying that his apology wasn't an apology? What more do you want? He admitted that he messed up and said sorry. How is a person meant to survive if every word they say is scrutinised? Almost all of you have definitely broken or bended the rules for your own gain, so don't get mad just because Doctor Mike is famous. Most of you are only mad because other people are. Don't be sheep. Be reasonable and show a guy some respect.
Boo
how is everyone getting mad at him he was following guidelines for the time and he’s not gonna waste his friends money ans not go on a very expensive rental boat, he weighed alll the options, and he’s making sure he is completely safe to see patient upon his return everyone needs a break sometimes let the man have some fun
I unsubscribed your channel the day you praised Fauci, Bro, sorry. It seems all I heard on this video are excuses.
So what did he do?
He's literally having to explain why he went out to have a good time 😂😂 do you Mike these are just some hating ass people
There's nothing wrong in this video. Why so much hate? He acknowledged his mistake, he acknowledged that he messed up, that he's a human who is bound to make mistakes. And most importantly, he said ' I can't promise that i'll never make mistakes in future, but what i do promise is that i'll learn from those mistakes'  Okay, for a moment, just forget everything about him. Suppose he's just a random guy and not an influencer, would you still care about him? Now right, then why you care now?   And i pity those conspiracy theorists using him as a scapegoat to undermine covid. I wish y'all could've been a little sensible and logical (and probably not unemployed), then how much better our lives would currently be
Personally this is enough of an apology for me. As dissapointed as I am it is a mistake and people are human. Social pressure is a heavy thing. You did follow guidelines and despite what everyone else here says you DID admit fault.  I just want you to put this on your main channel so more of your casual viewers can see it.
by no means am I defending him but imagine getting suprised with a boat and saying no... it's more his friends fault
Everyone makes mistakes, everyone makes bad choices and we aren't perfect. My parents are vaccinated, always wore a mask, and always stayed clean and away from people but they still got covid. They don’t wear a mask and they go out places, if you get covid because you didn’t quarantine you pay the price and if you learn that you were wrong and apologize- that’s saying a lot and I except the apology.
We’re all human we make mistakes that’s human nature I mean you actually believe COVID is real half the world is just delusional don’t bring yourself down to hard
what if the people just got close for the photo, and after the photo he wore his mask again
You don't owe anyone an apology.  Cancel culture is OUT OF HAND. I support you doc!
BRO HE APOLOGISED WTF ARE THESE COMMENTS...
It kills me that you gave in to these idiots. While following all rules and being safe you still felt the need to placate these absolute idiots online.
LMAO y’all so stupid for getting mad at this.
Well everybody makes mistakes. I forgive you and still support you Dr Mike! 💜💜💜
The saddest thing here is you felt the need to apologize for living your life…
In the words of Ralphie May, Lord please forgive me for having fun.
he done nothing wrong...the planes were open for a reason....the government said it was 0kay to fly...he followed the guidelines....
While I know that on multiple levels this is disappointing, but hey don't we all make mistakes that disappoint ourselves on impulse? I'm not defending anyone here, we could just all be a little kinder in this already harsh world.
Give Him a break. He is just human. So many people have done this. why is he being called out. just cus he is famous.
For all the people bashing him, we are human we are not PERFECT . We have a tendency to act on impulse  that not only not benefit us, but others as well, if you want every professional in the world to follows every single rule ever invented down to a T, and is also a saint, keep looking, because no human is like that. He admitted his mistakes, he moved on he will learn from them. Do not act like you have never acted on an Impulse that is of a disadvantage and irresponsible  or poor judgment to yourself and others.
Came back to this video to see if it was deleted. Nice to know you disabled likes and dislikes so this didn’t hurt your massive ego so much
Look, i understand an respect others. My 100 yr old gpa is alive even from tb or covid. Hi. You sound like prssure you are youre a great dr mike may people find you by visual. You are a intelectual
He followed local guidelines, he didn’t go out and tell everyone to cough on the elderly. It’s gonna be okay guys. I think we were all a bit disappointed at this but the actual thing he’s apologizing for in the grand scheme of things is so minor. The fact that he felt guilty enough to do this video shows he really wants to do good.
Jeez some people are really shallow. They love Dr Mike, then this happens and they hate Dr Mike and then a couple weeks later and no issues again. Get a life people and acknowledge that he just said sorry and if you hate, don’t change side again
How is no one getting this, THIS CHANNEL ISN'T DR.MIKE THIS IS SOMEONE ELSE ACTING AS DR MIKE Y'ALL STUPID OR SOMETHING
How the hell are yall wearing masks working out at the gym?!  I forgot to take my mask off when I got on my bike riding home from the grocery store and almost passed out on the side of the road before realizing I was still wearing it.  I couldn't imagine wearing a mask on a treadmill.
He who has never made a mistake, has never made anything.  Mistakes are part of the natural human behaviour we need to accept them.  He who cannot accept mistakes has forged not enough.
Just like everyone,he is also a regular human being,with social needs. It is normal to make mistakes,even for a doctor. What he did was wrong. However,being this harsh on him is not good. I believe in compassion,and speaking in such a harsh way will not,and has not,helped anybody. And he understood his mistake,which is what matters the most
To everyone roasting Dr. Mike in the Comments : For crying out loud, he made a Mistake, and he Apologized for it. It sounds like he took proper Precautions, what more do you People want?!
I don’t think you should beat yourself up over that. Most of us by now I have already gotten COVID-19 or the Delta Variant.  Most of us are still alive and are carrying on close to normal what we did before Covid shut everything down. Whether we were masked or not,  this disease would have found and affected us uniquely and collectively.  We all would have to quarantine, rest, drink plenty of clear fluids and wait for the disease to run its course.
A lot of people talking shit and comparing him to politicians, but at least he isn't deflecting and is accepting it. It was a mistake but we all make mistakes sometimes even on this level so just forgive don't forget and continue your life
Ooooookay, people need to stop with this out of proportion hate towards this guy. I personally think he's cool but am not a die hard fan so maybe that can explain why I'm calmer about it. At the end of the day, he is one person in the world who broke a rule at a time when we are all under extreme stress. This is not an excuse but it is a helpful thing to bear in mind. Just because he is a doctor, doesn't make him inhuman, as he said, he is human and that's what we are great at... making mistakes. Also, whether this is on his main channel or not isn't really anyone's concern as people forget, having a successful YouTube channel and following is indeed a business. So, a good business decision would be to not personalise and dramatise his main channel which is about health and the medical world. I understand that we are all making personal sacrifices in this pandemic so therefore when we know of someone breaking a rule, it can feel more intense than it actually is, however, the amount of nasty comments on here is really uncalled for.
What's going on here???/ Please could someone tell?
The hate is kinda uncalled for... Yes it is a really hypocritical thing to do, but he's human at the end of the day too. He's also a doctor who's worked a lot during the pandemic, the least he deserves is a break and it's not like he planned the party, his friends did.
Thanks for making this vid dr mike! I’m a huge fan and I can tell that u are sorry also ignore all these people being jerks in the comments, you are so hard working and they should notice that you took a lot of precautions!  say hi to bear for me!
this wasnt a mistake, apologizing was
omg, youll be fine
Jesus loves you
Guys come on he’s a doctor ,he’s got some intense pressure on his shoulders especially this time ,the least he can do is go out with his friends.
Are people going to ignore the “private” in private boat party, the only people being at risk were him and his friends, so don’t try being a smartass about the “risks”
So what if he had a party
Doctor, We all make mistakes, but you also have to enjoy life, one day you are there and the other you are not, and they say that you are a scam, not at all ... you are the best that this world has for me..
I will always loved you doctor Mike. ❤️ emoji
im lost what did he do is there like a link? if so please share
So apparently people in the comments never made a mistake in their entire life lmao grow the hell up it's stupid how many are bashing, hey though yesterday's heroes today's villains right always play a villain in someone else's story
Jeez people need to chill
I genuinely don't understand why you are apologising.   You don't deserve any negativity, you and other medical professionals have worked your arses off during this pandemic, and you deserve a break. How you do that is down to you! You have followed the rules the government and professionals have laid out.   Screw the haters, they should be thanking you too!   I hope you had an awesome birthday,you didn't mess up. There is far worse going on in the world than you taking a trip, and following the guidelines 🎂  x
Geeze everyone. Look, he didn't break any rules in what he did, he didn't make a mistake whatsoever. Is he a hypocrite? Possibly? But who isn't? You are all getting angry because he slightly bent something, but I guarantee all of you have done something similar or worse! Who hasn't?   Driving instructor: Tells people how to drive, but one day he makes a turn on an empty road without signalling. "HYPOCRITE!!!"    Just because you give advice does not mean you need to follow it, especially when: A) It harms no one. B) Everyone is willing to do it C) It has no major impact on the world around you Not to mention, how many celebrities have done illegal things and gotten away with it? How many things have gone unnoticed because it is "Not politically correct" Etc etc. All of you take a good damn look in the mirror. In my eyes he is not a hypocrite, should he be forced to apologize, and he should not have to go through the BS you are all saying. Any of you that say "Oh you are the worst, I am unsubscribing bla bla bla", guess what, no one cares. He has done many great things, done things for charity and people around the world, should he be discredited for doing what is in HUMAN NATURE and turn a terrible situation into a good one? NO! Plenty of people would have done the same thing, plenty of people have done the same thing.  HE DID NOT HARM ANYONE ON THAT "PARTY", HE DID NOT ATTEMPT TO HARM ANYONE AT THAT "PARTY".
Y’all are wild w this hypochondriac bs. Hope the party was fun. Nothing to apologize for
he explained that he took into consideration the individual risk (which is not high considering that he is a young healthy individual). he said that he followed the protocol upon his returning (meaning testing etc) so why are you all just dragging him so much?? i swear nowdays people can not do shit if they want to satisfy the toxic internet community.
You pathetic excuse of a doctor, your apologie useless.
Doctor Tirta with you, Doctor Mike 👐
Honestly, I get what you are saying. I think you made a mistake but I think no one is perfect and a year and a half plus of pandemic quarantining has an effect on everyone - even doctors. People want people to be angry with. I think you are correct, that the worst thing that really came of this was the impact it had on the spread of conspiracy. I still greatly respect and enjoy the work you do. People like having someone to tear down - especially over an inexplicably political issue like vaccines.
It’s all good dude, don’t sweat it. You’re vaccinated and everyone has had the chance to. If they haven’t that’s on them.
It’s okay to do mistakes. We all do mistakes. I don’t like to see you little brother. I always follow your all post I send the like to my mom in Bangladesh. I am in uk. Recently I lost my job for chronic seizures and migraine. I had head injury at work. Anytime if you like to come uk most welcome. World need good doctors like you.
Who cares what he does lol
Geez these comments piss me off; You get the ability to go to a boat party for your birthday, yeah? Pretty sweet! He made a mistake in judgement thinking that the fun and birthday cheer would outweigh not only the risk but the fact his actions could influence others badly. He's not perfect ya' twats and you aren't either.
As a doctor and as a normal person he has a seperate life. And ngl most people are just pretending to be worried and overreacting. These people are just waiting for someone to do some mistake and attack even though it just a small thing.
I was a nurse in the covid icu, and now an NP fighting covid in the clinic everyday. Watching you and sharing your videos has kept me sane and gave me a sense of hope. You are making a difference, and you are also human. I just wanted to say thank you for all you have done and will continue to do. You are a light in the midst of darkness.
I do believe on you , you fallowed the protocol I think you didn't do anything wrong. Its us all about an mallicious issues.
I think his reasoning for doing it were fine, his apology is fine, and what he's apologizing for is fine. Doesn't make me like one bit less. Don't care which of his channels it's posted on either. He seems to be a real good guy and his videos are informative and entertaining. JMHO.
Ahh... I now know. Thank you for the admittance and for lesson learnt. Just don't mind about the people who likes to grill people that who is not them. Atleast you know you were wrong, that you are not gonna do the same mistake again in the future, that is enough. I can see in your eyes the sincerety despite your tiredness.   Just be careful. Take care.
I have a feeling that most people that were commenting would’ve done the exact same thing, we are all human being like did no one see any relatives or anything during the lockdowns like chill out and look at your own lives before others
lmao why is he having to apologize again ? some of y’all so opinionated and invested in what everyone else is doing bro mind y’all’s business trying to tell a doctor how he should be acting 🤣
So it sounds like to me you are married to your job. You have pledged(vowed) to honor, help and  heal your partner/patients. You preach purity to your spouse and lead by example. But a day comes along and here dangling in front of you is temptation of a fun, loving, spirited day. You take advantage of the day and go for it. Did you notice that lightning didn’t strike you dead? Did you have a great time? Did the world come to an end when you were out having a great time without fear on your back?  Please don’t live in this fear, enjoy your life. Your patients will forgive you. Live, love and like your life, wash your hands, wear your mask if it makes you happy. Follow the CDC guidelines but don’t live in that fear of closing your life. You are an amazing Doctor with excellent people skills. Thank you for your honesty and I hope you and your patients can work out your infidelity. 🤕😉
i understand u
If this was me though, can I honestly say I wouldn't have done the same thing? Everyone was tested, and there were plans for coming back safely... in that situation I would have been nervous but excited to see my friends again. I might not have thought to consider other hypothetical impacts either. If something's within the guidelines and the personal risk is judged as low enough, then yeah sure. And if he was concerned about the impact this was having, then I can understand why he wouldn't post to his main channel. Lots of people (including me!) saying in the comments that they only heard about it later on because it was posted here... but doesn't that just show that it was a valid (impossible to know if it was 'best') choice: reducing the amount of fuel being thrown on the "don't wear masks" fire? Maybe when COVID is less of a flammable issue in the US and elsewhere he'll choose to talk about it on the main channel, or maybe not, I think he doesn't owe anyone that. I can very much understand and if you read this Mike, I hope you're well-- and please give Bear a belly rub from me!! xx
good bye! the people in the comments are the actual problem, he’s a human and the same risk is there going to walmart where we all stand around for hours. Give him a break
you guys are so cold hearted. Covid is a problem, yes. But you have to remember that not everyone is perfect. the fact that doctor mike had the guts to come on here and admit that he was wrong, and then *apologize* to people on the *internet* who don't even know him in real life is insane. This man makes one mistake and ya'll are out here hating on him because of it. I'm sorry... was he supposed to be perfect? because last time I checked everyone makes mistakes. big and small. but the size of the mistake doesn't matter. he's not sorry "he was caught" or else he wouldn't have made this video. the title says "Admitting when I'm wrong" not, "Im sorry I did this but heres why I did it" he gave an explanation on why what he did was wrong, not why it was right. he made this video solely to apologize to you, that deserves mad respect. How many people in todays day and age go out of their way to make a genuine apology to complete strangers. he took a covid test **three times** to make sure everyone around him was safe, and then didn't see any patients until after quarantining himself and following all cdc guidelines. he even put links to cdc and covid information so no one would make the same mistake as him. So many people ignore guidelines and don't wear masks, Mike did it and he felt bad about it, he understood and knew that what he did was unsafe but... did anything happen? did anyone get Covid or sick at all? I don't know. thats not my place or any of yours to know. my best advice: stop hating on the poor guy because he made a mistake when so many of you are guilty of making mistakes to. if you think what he did was wrong... well it was, he knows that, I know that. just get over it and move on with you lives. everyone on fucking earth makes mistakes.
I just heard today that "Dr. Mike messed up real bad" and I was curious to what it was. I thought he killed or molested someone smh. There's worse things than this. Dude just didn't wear a mask, shove off and mind your business.
You didn't let me down, it was your BD and it was outside, so your fine. I love you and sorry your going through this.
Don’t let the bastards get you down  Turn it around with another round🎶 😜🥃
Well at least you admitted u were wrong, that takes courage
To all of you who put him on a pedestal and can’t accept that he’s not only a doctor, but also human and therefore not perfect, he’s allowed to make mistakes, so long as he owns up to them.   If you’re really so shallow and close-minded to throw him under the bus for making one poor decision, even though he did his best to follow safety guidelines, then leave. And take your herd mentality with you. Yes he’s a doctor, and therefore is naturally held to higher expectations than most others, he’s not perfect. Everyone makes bad decisions at some point in their life.   You won’t accept an apology, you want him to maintain a perfect image, and tear him apart for not living up to your idealized version of him. You people are sick and are the ones who truly need to be cancelled.   Dr. Mike, I wont’ deny that what you did made me cringe, but I’m not really all that surprised because you are generally very transparent about your thoughts and experiences on your channels, and you understand it’s important to reflect and move on in order to do better.   I am probably the most adamant member of my immediate family about wearing masks and following safety guidelines, but I will admit that I did forget to put on a mask once or twice over the course of a YEAR and A HALF because I was either focused on getting somewhere quickly and didn’t immediately think of it, or because I (believe it or not, fellow commenters) FORGOT to put one on. Because I’m human. And you are, too. And I know you’ll strive to do better but I don’t expect you to be perfect. You won’t lose subscribers who know and understand this, I guarantee you. Many of us love and support you despite your flaws because you’re relatable and genuine. I can imagine some of the comments have made you upset or have doubts, but I hope you’ll continue to do what you do best—being yourself. :)
This was featured on a video which is absolutely harassing him
Guys, it's okay, people make mistakes, its not like we don't, this is the same man who cured a patient with CARDIAC EPINEPHRINE, obviously noone is gonna talk about that, we all make mistakes even if we are as educated as he is, I love you Dr Mike, and let the haters have the drama, you're doing good job :D
honestly who even cares, I mean yeah it's irresponsible, but these are stressful and pressuring times, and it's his life so why should it matter, yall were attacking him just because he has a platform, he's a responsible person leave him alone lmfao 💀
This may be bad and all. But we all make mistake. Our president makes mistake, our friends and family do and so do doctors. So what if it’s not on his main page. Get over it. He’s a doctor. He’s human. Humans make mistake. Get over it. It’s stupid to bash him for one mistake instead of acknowledging this and then praising for his hard work to save lives
Just watched this. Random stranger showing respect. Hope you’re easy on yourself since this sitch, Doc. Everyone’s tired and has a sense of regret from this. Prolly with a big splash of trauma and grief too. Saw so much death and near death around me as the only frontliner CNA manager in my previous employer’s region for home health. Meaning I simultaneously did admin things, on call and covered / trained skilled aides in various homes and facilities. Exclusively the latter towards the end of my time with last employer….And as a result I saw death and NDEs more than usual thanks to COVID-19. It was strange that this virus changed the field’s aspect of assisting people’s daily health to holding lives in our hands Fr Fr, normally that’s more accurate in other fields of health care. Was a great and life changing experience I’ll never forget thanks to them. But with that context, not receiving enough support in those previous settings to do right by our most vulnerable, when we needed it the most in the winter surges… That ish not only had me feeling like less of a woman, because I did so much to protect hundreds— just to follow one directive put on me that could’ve risked others… but it also left me near dead: I almost didn’t make it from this pandemic due to COVID infection early December, and the physical and mental issues before and after. Why the mental issues? Mainly for the same reason you felt like crap about your decision to party: we made errors at unwelcome times, and tough moves during crises. You did this at a time where people really needed to rely on you as an health care provider of integrity and public figure on it all, me on all that minus the latter. Different contexts and situations, similar feeling. We can protect our communities as best as possible, yet make one or more wrong moves and still let them down. Or at least it feels like it’s a letdown, especially when these involve your closest loved ones. (Most people may not understand how and why this virus is disrespectful enough to blur what you do for work from who you love bc of being in medicine/healthcare. Yet when they do ‘understand?’ They’re critical for $FREE.99 without EVER having to pay the price of putting their life and rep on the line for others like you do for your work smdh. Yet all you do is try to put positivity and knowledge out while giving to communities—even with the success that all of us commenting ain’t even on. Respect.) But what’s prolly worse is when we can make all the best moves in our work 100% of the time pre-error, and still the community feels let down….. when they forget to say thank you for the 99.9% of everything else you’ve ever done to help elevate them before and after the one time you do mess up. That’s OK! Everybody gotta have their feelings and thoughts of anger and betrayal; they expect to be able to trust the professionals and now they struggle with it. Hopefully one day they’ll find courage to put themselves in your shoes, forgive and move forward. Cause doctor or not, everybody be losing people and important things during this crisis. It’s what we do moving onward. We’re All Human and Err.   Since this recording I hope you’ve forgiven and moved on yourself. Besides bet you not even 1% of the people upset on here have even worked in a hospital or in healthcare! You could’ve chose to work in any other field to provide for yourself and feel happy that you chose the one field where you’re continually giving more of yourself for the greater. And you’re a philanthropist! You are your character not your error. So if you’re still down bout what happened since making this clip, you can pick yourself back up from this. I did, as I’m recovering, and made life changes to support that. Switching health care jobs included, hard as that was. Naysayers on here should just be glad you even made an apology no matter how it came out.  Sorry this was really long. You and your channel and your combat against misinformation is still of worth. Thank you for your service, and keep your head up and keep up the amazing work as well. And like you always tell us, stay happy and healthy. 🙏🏽🌺
learning for your mistakes is an excellent goal. thank you, Dr.
what are you apologizing for? your private life is none of our business
I'm your loyal vewer
Why are people hating on him! Quarantine is hard for everyone, he didn’t do anything crazy awful. Mike apologized and he hasn’t done it again.
Lots of criticism in the comments (some fair of course), so I wanted to play Devil’s advocate for a sec. First off, I think we can all agree that going to a party on a boat during a pandemic was a foolish idea; that being said, I think the apology is getting a lot of unfair hate.  This is a fair apology- he’s admitting he made a mistake and there’s no excuse for it, he’s telling everyone what his reasoning was and he’s acknowledging that he deserves the criticism he’s getting and that he’s let people down.  Frankly, if he was just interested in his career as an influencer and not the public health aspect of it, he could have played this a number of ways, he could even have leaned into the controversy like a number of influencers do, but he’s trying to set the public health aspect of it straight, and that shows a sense of civic responsibility. He’s saying that critics should attack him and not attack the science - once again, that’s something.  About the apology sounding written out and rehearsed, of course it must be, these are serious topics and important messages, you can’t just wing it! Honestly, I’d be more upset if he hadn’t planned it beforehand, it would indicate that he wasn’t taking it seriously enough.  Lastly, on the question of posting this here and not on his main channel, I don’t think it’s a cowardly thing, or an attempt to avoid taking responsibility, he’s probably just trying to limit the number of people who use his bad decision to question the science or deny the pandemic. If people haven’t heard of the story, voluntarily bringing more attention to it, from a public health perspective, could be even more damaging, since more Covid deniers could jump on the bandwagon and wrongly claim that “this well known Doctor  partied on a boat because COVID is actually a hoax”. When you think about it, it might have done him personally more good to put the apology on his main channel, as a way to restore face, but he hasn’t done that because it would be more damaging to the public health effort surrounding fighting the pandemic. That is the ethical decision.  This is a guy who does good as a Doctor and then, in his private time, does good as an influencer - he raises money for charity, he uses his brand to get information out about various organizations and projects and, most of all, he tries to set medical misinformation straight on a relatable level, to get knowledge to the greatest number of people. Was going to a party like this a stupid decision and should he, as a public figure, have anticipated the blowback from the optics? Definitely - It’s just good sense and a logical degree of self preservation.  But this isn’t a bad guy or a bad role model. This is a good role model, who made a stupid decision.
This is getting way over blow.  Plp make mistakes. Just regular plp don’t go viral for most of them.  Give the man a break. I guarantee he has done more good in this world than harm. I can’t imagine the stress of a doctor plus being a social influencer. I seriously doubt tht he was trying to intentionally bring harm to anyone. Doctors and anyone in the medical profession have a COVID sized stress on them!!! We all have strayed from what we’ve preached.   P.s Doctor mike. How dare u be human for a moment lmao
Who cares, whoever care are bullshitting. It is not a zombie apocalipse and everyone breaks the rules time time. It does not change his service to people on yt or hospitals or whatever...
Are any of you leaving comments on this video so perfect? No, myself included, so take a good long look at yourselves before judging anyone else. He didn't even have to make an apology video but he did. Humans are flawed and negativity in whatever context is the biggest flaw there is.
Well at least you got to enjoy some time with friends. You shouldn't have to apologize but you do because the world is too busy being jealous and petty. Human beings are social creatures and should not be blamed so easily for their compulsion to be with others. You are no exception. You may accept the hateful comments but they are meaningless. You're a good person, don't let them convince you otherwise.
I just came across this video (very belated) and i respect him so much for posting it.
But where is the apology for me not being invited to the boat party!! :)
I mean, you can guarantee everyone has made a mistake in life whether it is Covid related or non Covid related. We all make mistake, none of us are above them, we move on. Shit happens. Peewoop!
Cannot get touched by your apology video, haha, but you don’t even have to apologize for enjoying your life with friends, at all. It’s your private life!
I really don’t think we where all perfect during the pandemic. Even after a year, this is still new to us. We are still finding our way around this and to judge him for going to a party that was legal, not putting him at risk and not going agains any advice that has seemed to have been given by the CDC or WHO   It’s crazy. You tubers are doing far far worse things and this is what you are focusing on?
Can’t believe y’all are jumping on him for such silly things You all are dumb
Everyone make mistakes, no one's perfect, stop being 6 year olds people 🙄
CALM DOWN TIGERS THIS COMMENT SECTION IS LIKE DR MIKE APOLOGIZE AND YOU THROWING ROTTEN TOMATOS AT HIM
Guys he said he made a mistake, just move on
Looking at these comments like…do you want him to wipe your ass or something? Who cares what he did he even apologized for it lmao you guys are pathetic and care wayy too much he’s not your best friend he’s someone we watch on the internet
Not ppl attacking him cuz he went out once, followed COVID guidelines, and quarantined after 👀
soft ass mfs🥱doin the most 🤣
I will keep my subscription for ever, just please don’t do this again.
I just support him. I honestly don't care. He checked the guidelines and thought it was ok. So many people these days make mistakes. He's a human not a robot!
I feel like y'all don't listen to the vid😂
I’m a straight white man and I say that y’all gotta shut up unlike most he actually  Apologized which is rare for people that make mistakes like this
I see so much hate in this comment section nobody is perfect and if you are really going to hate on him then You are  just looking for a reason to hate
you guys are so wrong he can do whatever he wants and you are trying to play the saint while I’m sure that you have done something similar
I really don't see much of a problem here. No one died. He destressed around his birthday. Can anyone really blame him.
Uh
I wonder if anybody actually even cares what he’s apologizing about or if they just enjoy rejecting public apologies no matter the context. I don’t think anything he said here was worth the anger in the comments.
It broke my heart when he said people could attack him about his actions. Please don't. If we hated on everyone who did dumb shit sometimes, there would be no one left for us to like. So maybe you didn't mess up during the pandemic. I guarantee you have messed up other things in your life. Stop being a dick and giving up on him for being human.
we all make mistakes and yes he could've just not went but first hes a doctor if something were bad or unhealthy with his body and he would be safe
As a random human being I have no idea why this is such a big deal yes he did something hypocritical but so has like… everyone in their life???
We have ALL made mistakes. I feel for you. You don’t deserve the level of hate that you are receiving. You’re a great doctor. Thank you for your apology. Thank you for all of the wonderful and informative videos that you produce for us. We have ALL had to apologize at some point in our lives. You’re human! 🌸🌸🌸
We are all human. Good on him for owning up.
Uh what tf is all wrong with yall saying all these bad things bout him
Alright… Doctors are humans… And humans can make mistakes. You have done a gigantic good job in your channel making taboo-topics or difficult to understand medical topics understandable and you ‘educated’ sooo many people and probably made a big difference in sooo many lives because of people that saw something on your channel and went to their physician. You make medicine interesting by combining fun video’s with educational ones and you definitely found a way to reach a lot of people who would never had the information they now have if you didn’t do what you do. So come on: are we really going to judge you by one or a couple mistakes? Are we really going to judge you for being human? Okay: you are an influencer, and you should be careful. But that doesn’t mean you don’t have the right to have a private life and to make mistakes.  Let he who is without sin cast the first stone. Dr. Mike: you are doing a great job. Say to yourself what you would say to a patient that would come to you with this story: ‘okay, you made a judgmental mistake, by now you get that what you were doing wasn’t ideal, you’re doing great things and help a lot of people. Give yourself some slack. Haters going to hate. Remember who you are and what you stand for and get out there and start being great again’.
WTF are these comments, seriously guys, you're judging a doctor just for these freaking reasons!?! Unbelievable. Doctors tell you to sleep more while they sleep much less, doctors tell you to not smoke while some of them smoke, there is a saying called; ''Don't do what I do, do what I say''. Like wtf guys, no one is perfect, everyone does something bad in their life, holy shit, I'm honestly disappointed in you guys for judging this thing this much. And yeah Mike is a doctor, but he says he's going to follow the covid safety protocols to not spread to his patients, man you guys are probably the same people who called Dr. Mike a fat hater, etc. I'm sure all of you are just a bunch of SJWs, good for you social justice warriors. I wonder what's the next topic for you guys? And yeah I don't even care about this video, cuz I don't fucking judge Dr. Mike for going to a boat party. I judge you people!
I don't care, I like this guy he can do whatever he wants  its his life
He’s a freaking human! He’s been busting his ass.  You all out here acting like he’s supposed to be perfect.  He needs to blow off steam and let his guard down and have fun just like the rest of us.  🙄
It takes a lot of courage to admit a health mistake as a doctor props to you man you’re a good guy
I still respect Doctor Mike these comments thou
DUDE!!!! You are human we all are, we all would have made that mistake cause it is hard in this pandemic, just put it in the past. I still adore you Dr Mike. This is just a little obstacle in life, and life has many, live your life to the fullest Dr Mike c: But not now inn the pandemic lol, btw i don't think anyone should hate you for this, like I would have done the same, we all aren't perfect.
This slightly reduces my trust in Dr Mike's videos but I still enjoy them.
Why is everyone expecting him to be perfect? He's a human being, an everyday person and not some superhero. He can do mistakes and regret them. Don't condemn him for living his own life. Stop being so dramatic.
Dunno why these people give a shit. They act like it actually matters. 😂😂😂
"i live alone" You need a house cleaner tho? 😂❤️👀
I don't think one person in the world held to all the guidelines 24/7... back off hypocrites. He's not a god.
It’s okay
He was outside. He had to quarantine after flying back to New York anyways. Chill tf out
i love u too
ur glasses are uygly i dint like u anotmore
i hate you
“The impact of my trip has harmed my entire message” Well, NOW you realize. Jeez
Regarding the comments about him risking his patients: 1:28 - It seems to me that the fact he said that he was quarantining himself after the party and testing negative for COVID seems to be completely fine for the patients' safety.
Did he really have to wear an XS shirt for this
We’re all human 💖 learn, move on and do better next time is the best we can hope for from people!
So you tell me if you go on a boat trip or swimming will you wear a mask-
Dude,  your human.  If you never mess up, then I'd worry, btw, looked like a great time, wish I had of been there.
I understand that he is a doctor that talks about how bad the virus is, but it really isn't other peoples business what he does in his personal life. I might be reading the situation wrong, butttttttt. I still don't think it is our business.
He didn’t mess up that badly he checked the CDC guidelines even the boat capacity and he is following the security measures for a safe and low risk return to New York. I know he still didn’t wear a mask but he followed every other guideline.
bruh who cares it was outside lmao
He ain't Jesus guys..... no one is perfect.   Go ahead and collect every mistake he made and compare with yours. I bet he is one of the cleanest people to be around.   But hey Doctor Mike, thank god this is not South Korea... The netizens are soooo kind in US, that if this was South Korea, they would have taken your family down.   Your recent videos are great!
Judge people when you're perfect. People are bashing on him as if he had spread that disease to you. Stop criticising man. Who are you to not forgive him. Even God says to forgive our enemies. He is risking his own life for the sake of people by working in the hospital. And you all are acting dumb like this staying whole day at home & judging. Rip humanity! 99% of these people can't even follow the rules properly & they're judging him. Why can't you all treat him like a normal person? Why every famous person needs to be freaking perfect? Why can't they enjoy their own lives on their own? Have some humanity in your soul! Anyways keep doing your great work Dr. Mike! Forget the past, live the present✨
Lol get a load of these nerds! Dude is a human being. He is not a programmed character. He has a soul. Fck off will you?
its ok
I like how everyone is trashing him when about 80% of all the people here most likely broke more then one of the covid guidelines.
When you're famous you are not allowed to make mistakes, since famous on social media these days means you're not human and you deserve the thrashing you get after making a mistake.
Support Dr Mike!!!
yes i am disappointed but i still like him and his videos cause im not the kind of person who just ditches someone for stupid shit man wants to party let him party he wants to fuck up let him he will learn continuing to be a fan though
Let those among you who have never made a mistake, cast the first stone.  I’m proud of you Dr. Mike.  Ignore the Karens and Trolls making comments.
Everyone in the comment section pretending they have stuck exactly to every rule ever
You don't need to worry we all are human we all do crazy mistakes but that's okay we need to learn from it that's it
aalag hi banda hai yaar yeh toh.
Doctor Mike why are there no dislikes on this video why did you take away?
Bruh lets be honest we all been around a few people without a mask during all of this. He’s more scrutinized more bc he’s a doctor but lets relax.
Bruh, cut him some slack, the guy seemingly regrets this haven't we all done some oopsies too. Bro,if you're going to judge someone behind a screen and call them a coward , they're not a model citizen,  we're no better than him, that's the entire point of being human.
Only it isn’t that big of a deal, bet of all you have went to a party since the beginning of the epidemic
You must practice what you preach doc. We're not perfect, but we need to be very careful on that.
It sucks to be finding out about this now. But I mean at the end of the day it this was someone who didn’t have much popularity or any at all no one would care. Ppl only care when it someone who has “power”. All of u r just as guilty and don’t go saying that u haven’t been hanging out with friends without masks or going to places that u shouldn’t during a pandemic.
Well at least he is apolagizingamd doing it good
you didn't need to apologize just because other people are incapable of doing the right thing & using their own common sense.
you have no obligation to apologize to anyone except your office if they have rules prohibiting travel. a lot of these comments are just trying to make themselves seem victimized...
.
Internet cancel culture is so freaking stupid. Doctor Mike is human, he made a mistake, we've been in lockdown for so long it's not unreasonable for people to want to get out and hang out with close friends. Yet people are still trying to bash on him even after delivering an apology and have the audacity to complain that it's not a genuine enough apology, even trying to break it down? lmfao get a life. This apology honestly shouldn't even be needed to begin with, he's a doctor and an adult, he knows how to manage his own life without the internet being so nosy about it.   I'm not trying to downplay the importance of COVID safety but people really need to chill especially since no serious health incidences came out of that party.
You're human. We all make wrong choices from time to time. Good on you for owning up to it. Ignore the dimwits who can't forgive it. I trust you so much more for your humanity.
Omfg it's a flue and this Doctor is getting to be dumb
You don't need to apologize for having fun. If having fun is a crime, call me guilty. Also, apologizing is for ugly people.
I JUST FOUND THIS TODAY AND WTH IS THIS VIDEO
Good GOD this is ridiculous. Hes been the golden boy in the medical YouTube scene for a MINUTE now, hes responsible, careful, and far more considerate to the human race than most of the people who called him out. And I know that because he was called out in this fashion, attacked even. What you want to bet a bunch of folks were just jealous he got to go on a private boat in Florida. Like yea I feel the hater spirit too, but I'm not going to let it influence my decision to fk with somebody's life. Dr Mike is a good dude,  he didn't do anything yall wouldn't, and you know it. I'll continue to support this channel because of the good it does. Period.
Remember we are human first. He is doing his best!!
The Masks and gloves are their so that if you cough sneeze talk especially the letter P people are not going to be bombarded by your Germs. They are not 100% infallible but if you noticed that when Trump was in office there were less than 250000 deaths from Covid. In Biden's first 2 months in office more than 300,000 additional people died from Covid. As of now more than 600,000 people out of the billions of people died from Covid.  The main thing I have to say is at least Doctor Mike did his research unlike the other Videos.
In the words of Carlin “TAKE a FU*cken chance you bunch of god damn pussies.”   What do you think you have an immune system for? “   You really shouldn’t apologize on this  The sheeple will always bend over and let the government control them. Like they already did you.
No apology necessary Mike.   You made a mistake.   As long as no one got sick, seems like that's what really matters.
As long as you (or any of your friends) didn't get covid-19, and if everyone at the party is healthy then there shouldn't be a major problem
You've admitted you were wrong.  You've apologised.  You've committed to learning from your mistakes.  Let's move on.
I now I'm late Honestly....I don't have a major issue with this man going on a boat with 15 of his friends. As long as it was this once in the whole pandemic he did something like this, and as long as everybody took reasonable precautions before and afterwards (get tester prior to and after the party). It's not smart no, but if this is the only incident, he has still done a hell of a lot better than a lot of other people. Just because he is a doctor doesn't make him superhuman, he is obviously capable of making mistakes.  I don't even have a problem with defending yourself a little bit by saying that you took other precautions such as testing before and after and quarantining yourself afterwards .  The issue I have is that you have chosen to lie about it. You were more than 10 people on the boat (at least 15 by my count). You didn't just take your mask of to get in and out of the water etc. We all make mistakes. All I ask is that people, influencers or not, own up to their mistakes and are honest about them.
wait what did he do i’m confused
People overreacting so much here. He messed up, get over it
Guys stop hating on Mike! He is a human being like all of us, so he will make mistakes! Stop acting like he is a god and he will do nothing wrong! He just made a mistake, let’s move on. Besides, what do you know about his life? Nothing! Stop hating on him it’s rude! 😠 I’ll be a fan for life!
Who cares man, like none of you've ever made an oopsy. Blessings my guy, 🙏🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🌹
Bruh, u don't need to say sorry. It's your choise.
You do realize Florida really doesn’t care about Covid? We were the last to go on lockdown. We were the first to open up from lockdown. Three months of lockdown.
Don’t worry about it Dr. Mike.  Full support. I wish I could have been in that boat.
Just ignore the comments on this video since people didn't bother watching it.
Why is this not on your main channel, but I’m actually disappointed I found out in a different channel, but yet you said it important yet you said it important and you don’t want to put on it on your main. As a person who had COVID and seeing this and you could have caught it I can’t it broke my heart. Please don’t do it again but I appreciate your honesty and I know you can and do better
This is sad. I really looked up to Dr. Mike. I really did, in fact you reignited my dream to become a doctor. But anyway, nobody is perfect and Imma still pursue my dream. I hope you'll do a better apology video.
❤️❤️❤️
It's okay mikey everybody makes mistakes care little about the negative comments
Never apologize to the mob.  Why? Because they don't care.
Hang in there Mike. I'm sorry you had to appeal to cancel culture to avoid them canceling you. A lot of us see that you did nothing wrong. Obviously you were in the extremely low risk category. Don't let the trolls from the cancel culture get you down. You don't owe them an apology. But I understand why you did apologize.
Dr. Mike, love your content. Why do medical shows show the physicians going into the CT, MRI, and other scans. From my vast experience I have never had a medical doctor come in with me. The technicians do the tests and call the doctors if there is something they see.... Please comment.
He's hot. I can't stay mad at a hunk.
Daniel Tosh has a funny joke in his stand-up that comes to mind when reading these comments: “I don't know what's more embarrassing in this country, that Michael Phelps fell from the graces for smoking marijuana or that you looked up to a swimmer in the first place?”  Yes, Doctor Mike was hypocritical. But when did this man become some saint? He’s a flawed human too. Why are you all so incensed about this man’s mistake? It’s probably because you can be incensed. It’s low hanging fruit. People are pissed off that they can’t do what they want to do. They are feeling the pandemic fatigue. Lashing out at this man (and people like him) is all they can do to allay their anger. But they are no better than him.
oh trust me you have been used for nefarious purposes the minute you said Covid is dangerous LOL... sure keep telling yourself that
💙
Hi Mike, I am a long time subscriber of your main channel. I just learned about this and I must say that I am disappointed.  Both by this HUGE lapse of judgement and by the fact that you didn't post this on your regularly channel. But that being said...I get it..You and all of us are human and sometimes we make stupid stupid mistakes...You have always come across very sincere (sometimes very rehearsed (which I ascribe to you wanting to reach optimal communication levels reg. your content), but still sincere) and I see the mistake you made in Florida as a lapse in judgement made by a young man, who sincerely wishes to help others. Learn from it and keep educating..I, for one, am still listening.
I'm confused about how much hate this got and continues to get.
You don't have to have those 'cool' friends who subject you to peer pressure. You are a doctor. Be serious.
not even an apology for your actions, you are a hypocrite and as someone who followed quarantine at the cost of my social life as a medical student I am seriously disappointed and will be unsubscribing from all your channels.
I don't understand the hate. He's just here for a good time not a long time.
Oh my god. Did doctor mike just make a mistake? Did he do something that he regrets? OH MY GOD GET THE SHOTGUN
also, bold of him to keep comments on (most likely because it's the second channel that no one knows about)
Honestly, all of you are hating on him for one thing!! First of all, this was a private thing with friends not a cruise ship. Secondly he clearly states that he wears a mask every time he goes out so he most like wasn’t going to spread anything. Thirdly, the only reason you are all saying these things is because he’s a doctor and you all expect him to be perfect! What is your deal
listen man... sometimes you have to stop apologizing and say yes i did, so what?
It's been a hard year for us all. I don't blame you for a lapse in judgement. But your non-apology does not go down well. Accept your error, post a real apology on your main channel and regain your integrity
I appreciate this. Love your videos and will keep watching. Don't let people get to you too much. We all make mistakes. You didn't have to make this, but did because you thought it was the right thing to do. Keep up the happy and healthy work.
I just found this channel and now I’m pretty disappointed in Dr. Mike. I don’t honestly believe this was sincere and he did not post this on his main channel.
Now that Dr Fauci emails came out. Please explain why you defended him as science.  You lead people incorrectly and misinformation.
Much love Doctor Mike, you're just human doing your best like the rest of us. We all screw up.
I can't believe you are apologizing for following the rules.
as a russian man with a lot of chronic health issues, whos been seeing tons of different doctors regularly since i was an infant, and not only that, but as a *medical malpractice victim,* he did mess up. but yall are really overreacting. human beings make mistakes. as a russian man, i like you, mike, and i respect you and your apology. thank you for saying sorry the way you did. you dont deserve the hate youve gotten for this. i know im late, but i have to rely on herd immunity - i cant get vaccinated due to my compromised immune system, and i trust this.
*The Real Impact is that this will be in his guilt for the rest of his life.*
Shame. Shame on everyone who is going straight for his throat over one lapse in judgment. Could he have handled this better? yes. However, imagine that one thing you know *that* thing, you know the one you would rather nobody finds out about, that thing that you did that one time that you regret and hate hearing people talking about the subject matter but you'll never say anything for fear of prompting questions, YEAH that thing now imagine that whatever that thing is for you was posted all over the internet, and the news and then your employer and your coworkers hear about it, now for a second just try to picture your entire life falling apart because of that one stupid mistake you made imagine the feeling in your gut as you watch all your hope for great success in life be ripped away from you because you're human. My point is that everyone, and I mean everyone makes mistakes, has lapses in judgment, and does some really peewoopin' less than smart things sometimes and for all of you to just come at him like personally kicked your puppy is uncalled for, and furthermore, that you attack him in an apology video where he is trying to make amends is just showing how bad you are as people. I'm not much of a religious person but I feel more than justified in saying let those who have not been human throw the first stone. I stand by doctor Mike as someone who has been targeted like this for making a stupid mistake many years in my past, and as someone who believes that the good he has done and is doing outweighs this one lapse in judgment.
As for all the negative commentary. It most definitely shows how easily people are led like sheep to be slaughtered  as well as how many people live in fear. Unbelievable and sad.
To quote Chris Rock: "a man is as faithful as his options", and I say that as criticism to his audience.   In this case, Mike's viewers get angry and yell:  "I would never have partied during the pandemic, unlike you did Mike!"  Of course you wouldn't. You couldn't have a party on a sweet boat with hot bikini babes even if you desperately wanted to. You're saying that if all of you had those options, none of you would have considered it at any point during all the months of isolation? Get real man. Like you're all perfect human beings that never ever did anything hypocritical, or all round shitty, in all of your lives. Mike is unfortunately an influencer, so all eyes are on him and inappropriate behavior weighs way more coming from him.  But the thing is, good people can do unlikable things sometimes.  That sucks, but in this case I don't think the screw up is so extreme (or in such a high number) that we should discredit everything he ever said and did, and we all should massively downvote and unsubscribe. It's all really overreacting.       I've seen long texts of rants of people that rip Mike apart to the bone, saying nothing he ever said is valid anymore. Are you guys insane? The dude always shared facts and gave good medical advice. Even if during this pandemic he isn't able to follow through with it himself, that doesn't mean that the medical facts he shared aren't valid or the advice he gave sucks. Mike messed up and I disprove of his actions. Does this mean I automatically hate everything about him and want nothing to do with him anymore? No. But I just get so sick of all these fanbases going full mob-mentality mode where they all massively attack him and demand him to drop in his knees, weep and apologize for everything he ever did that might be considered bad.
As a student in the healthcare field, I really looked up to you. I've been a huge fan of you and your work for several years now. I really respect the community that you've built and the messages you spread. I think it's a really positive thing for the medical community to have someone like you who can make a lot of the information more accessible, less scary for people, and to remind people that doctors are humans too. That being said, I don't know you personally. I know the Doctor Mike that you present to YouTube. I have no real way to judge your character or know much about your personal life. For that reason I looked at your situation as I would if you were my doctor. How would I feel knowing that my doctor had gotten caught partying in Miami a few days before I had my check-up? Something like that would make me consider switching my primary care physician. The blatant hypocrisy of your actions despite the CONSISTENT message you've been spreading on your channel about social gatherings disgusts me. The fact that you put this video on a channel that I never even knew existed until today and many others who follow your main channel still do not know about disgusts me. The fact that your "apology" was less about how you messed up and more about how you "technically" didn't break any rules disgusts me. The fact that you make this party sound like an accident disgusts me. You made a CHOICE to go on that boat and have a party. I have lived the worst year of my life in quarantine completely isolated from my family and friends. I didn't get a birthday party, a graduation party, or any other social interactions with people I know. I did this because I understood the dangers of COVID and respected the advice of professionals and doctors alike. To see someone as well respected as you and someone I personally looked up to out partying in Miami feels like a punch in the gut. You let me down, Doctor Mike. You let us all down. But MOST of all, you let your patients and colleagues down. I understand that you are human. I understand how hard this past year has been, especially for those in the healthcare field working tirelessly on the front lines. I can understand that you needed a break and to let off some steam. I want to be reasonable about your situation. But personally, if you were my doctor, I don't think I would continue to see you any more. Respectfully, Doctor Mike, I understand how difficult your situation is. But you really should have thought about the public position you hold and the enormous weight your actions carry for so many people.
"I'm sorry you found out"
Honestly, I am more disappointed in the comments than I am with him. The "you only apologized because you got caught" idea is something everyone does. Most people only apologize because they feel like they need to. Also this idea that because he is an idol he isn't allowed to be human is ridiculous. Most people I interacted with weren't quarantining correctly, using masks when they should be, or following  the guidelines correctly. I would say almost every, if not every american has failed the guidelines. Dr Mike is human, and yes he should know better so so should all of America. There is a reason why Korea was having 30-50 cases a day and we were having 30,000-40,000.
A virus with more than 90% of survival rate for young, healthy people. And you guys are treating this like he traded in Jesus for a few silver coins, calm yourselves
Imma be honest, I was a bit disappointed. He seems like a good person. Idk I was a lil bit disappointed.
i hate when my friends throw me a party with a yacht and i don’t wear my mask correctly! don’t you also hate when that happens?
I was literally focused on his beautiful pec behind that visible shirt 👁️ 👄 👁️
I understand everything people are saying about how he should know better but people do make bad judgements now and again. At least he has accepted there was a mistake made which is something I haven't heard many country leaders make during the pandemic.
Clever way of populating a second channel
This should really be on your main channel in the COVID playlist!  I believe it was just you being human, and I believe most of us have done things in the past year that were not ideal, BUT don't try to hide your mistakes behind a half apology on your 2nd channel.
Crime of the century.
I'm just observing everyone feeling better about their life by watching this video and typing away. It's kinda sad really.
Sneaky sneaky not putting this on the main channel, which is why I just saw this. Tsk tsk tsk.
Okay he was very wrong for what he did and that he gave excuses, but i think that there are many things which we do and then regret afterwards.
I'm really late to this so...I am hoping I'm not opening a wound. I know you're more of a logical person than an emotional person and I can understand your problem of making this video looking like a good apology video I can understand why you're trying to justify your action so listen I don't hate you because of this but I am bit disappointed at you for not following the psychical distancing practice, I'm happy that you're trying to protect the medical industry from your mistake. I will still be your fan. Luv ur videos!
Thanks. Months ago, I think you betrayed your followers. But since the religious prophet has become less influential, I took another look at you and your messages. Your apology was absolutely essential to your resumed credibility.  Please be careful of what you publish.
Never apologize for party rocking
Oh honeyyy, why? Why why why in the world would you do this? You're the one advocating and teaching about prevention, risks and guidelines of Covid-19 but you broke it too. Of course people are more disappointed in you coz you're a freakin doctor of all people. The tiktokers and youtube influencers, we dont expect much from them coz they're at the bottom of the barrel but youu, DOC MIKE? oh goshhhhh
Imagine getting cyber bullied for going on a vacation
I respect this man
Connor Mcgregor enters the chat: I would like to apologize to absolutely nobody! 😂
I didn’t unsubscribe because of your yacht party, you lost me when you made a vid downplaying the role of the immune system. Evidence shows a healthy immune system in a healthy human body beats covid every time. Let’s protect the at risk parts of the population. Let’s live a healthy lifestyle. And lets maybe not line up to get our genes tweaked by folks who developed the disease they are selling us the cure for. Did anyone at your party die?
Wow really? I look at you completely different...you came from the Nation’s epicenter...the worst hit City in our nation...because of you a Doctor, non believers are going to use you as an example for reasons not to take this pandemic serious...I am sorry I cannot support your channel anymore...
He is still a human don't criticise so much just because u can
Its okay Mike ❤️❤️
Come on post it on your main channel
Well, apparently we have a lot of perfect people in the comments. Forgive him for not being perfect like you.
So not that I think he did the right thing here, he definitely should not have been partying, especially without masks, but it seems like a lot of people in the comments arn't willing to think of this in a relatable way.  So for me, flying is a bit expensive and not really something I can just do when I want, so I thought of this as a more general 'travel', and I would love it if someday either myself or my friends could afford a yatch for a party, but to think of this more relatable I just thought of it as an 'expensive party'. If we are to assume Mike didn't lie in this video, it sounds like he traveled back to his home town where his friends surprised him with an expensive party. Now imagine yourself here, you've been invited to a party thats been set up for *you*, but covid is currently going on. You're hesitant at first cause, well, covid, but your friends tell you that oh, were within max occupancy, and if you think about risk its not too bad. Would you just say "nah" and just let this expensive, already paid party, set up for YOU just go on without you? What difference does one extra person even make?  If we are to believe that he didn't plan this and didn't know about this, then his position is surprisingly relatable. This isn't the person that planned the party and got everyone together, its probably the person that reluctantly agreed (cause its got to be hard to turn down a fancy fun party for yourself, right? oh, and social pressure from your peers), and if he is anything like myself, he would have had this in the back of his mind the whole time. Oh, and think of the difference between a party with 40 people, and 41 (making these numbers up). How much worse is 41 than 40? Think of that when deciding if you turn down your own party.  Unfortunately though, after I do make this relatable to myself, I then need to put it back in perspective. I'm not a doctor, and I kept to a social circle of probably 6 people total during the entire pandemic. A doctor should, in my opinion, do nothing but help in a situation like this. While I do think that his position is more relatable and not nearly as bad as people are making it out to be, he is a doctor and should not have done this. Personally, I think Mike is undoubtedly made the wrong choice, but the choice he made wasn't horrible. Just bad, maybe call it poor.
Still coming back to this since he's acting like he didn't follow through his medical advises and misuse info for this "apology" video ❤
I know this video is kinda old but... Why would he put it on his second channel & his main channel  2 He talks about information from the CDC but than shows info from TMZ  I don’t think his apology was every sincere and I do believe it was scripted!  There are a few YouTube channels out there that explains the body language of him and a few others who reacted to this that can say the same!
Oh, another “sorry I got caught” video .... ok
Ahh your ONLY HUMAN Mike, you only live once....and you are only young once...live it...fuck a hater. Do you. Much love !!
"I'M young, I live alone" ...that's not an excuse. Many young lives younger than you died, either in birth, or in battle.
Wow, this is…wow. You really should upload this to your actual channel. My great-uncle died and my grandad wasn’t able to go to the funeral. You went to a party. Yeah.
The people in these comments are those who are intellectually dumb as it pertains to this virus. Let me give you some numbers: 7.71 billion is the amount of people in the world, 162,017,106 people is the amount of people who have gotten COVID, 3,360,359 is the amount of people who have died of covid. The amount of people in the world and the amount of people who have gotten the virus and the amount of people who have died is just proof that this is a winning battle on the worlds end. I think people are too sacred to die of something that has that BIG of a survival rate that they let it cloud their judgement. Also pandemic doesn’t mean dangerous virus it just means it spreads fast. So please shut up In the comments he made his choice to hang out with people and you guys chose not to so deal with your choices and quit badgering him for his that’s why it’s a free country and he isn’t putting others at risk. If that wear the case you could say that every time you drive a car you are putting someone else at risk of getting hit. So are you never gonna drive for the next year and a half? No because it doesn’t make sense.
unsubscribed...
Oh, so this is why I haven’t been seeing any of his videos get recommended
And to believe I used to watch his videos...
Why are you all being so harsh? If you haven't broken the rules once then good on you but most people have. It was a calculated risk and he follows the rules all of the rest of the time, one time is ok. You don't have the internet attacking hot for one rule break, do you? Chill out
He tells everyone to wear a mask and then throws a party i get that but its not like he tells everyone not to. all im saying is people over react and make bad reasons
Your stupidity confirms the CCPVirus is not asymptomatic. Wars there, BLM looting yet no one dies like flies despite not wearing masks nor maintaining social distancing!!!   Rules for us but not for you, Doctor Charlatan.
expected better from him
post it on ur main😐
To Dr. Mike, though I respect your decision to make an apology to the people who follow you, I don't believe you owe anyone and apology and anyone who thinks you owe them something is an entitled fool, though yes you are an "influencer" for whatever reason that is a thing because no one should be blindly following anyone without educating themselves on a subject, you do not owe anyone anything solely for the reason that regardless of what anyone chooses to believe or follow your choices are your own and no one else's and if you choose to be pissed off about what he did or choose not to live your life out of fear or reprisal that is your own fault, and that does not mean that you need to disregard what the cdc says in regards to covid but neither does it mean you need to take it to the extremes that too many people today are, the cdc guidelines are there to protect people who are at the greatest risk and to help inform everyone on what to expect from covid but shutting down economies and subjugating yourselves to house arrest purely out of fear that the threat we face is any greater than threats we've faced in the past and overcome solely because you put your blind trust in whimsical politician and random people who have gathered a great following, regardless of how educated they may claim to be or seem. Blind trust is never good, and the damage it has caused to this country and the people in it is evident,  if you choose not to thoroughly educate yourself on a subject then you forfeit your right to speak your opinions on the matter.
Please post this to your main, you’re a real doctor with real influence and your main viewers deserve to know.
I think this particular failure to live life 100% in sync with his online messaging is the problem of the human existence. I, too, have tried to do everything right and to avoid any unmasked and less than perfectly socially distanced contact to others until we are all completely vaccinated. And yet, I admit I couldn’t adhere to my insanely high standards all the time. I had to accept some imperfections and accept a tiny amount of risk in order to avoid completely alienating everyone in my life. So, could I still contract Covid-19? Yea, definitely. My second shot is next Monday, my full vaccine protection is at least 19 days away. Good thing I am not going perfectly public with my private persona online. And I am still trying to do my best to stay Covid-free, yet aware that nothing is 100% reliable, not even my behavior every day. This being said, please post this on your main channel. Don’t be ashamed of being human (but you are allowed to feel embarrassed). You might want to edit this a bit…
Although people make dumb choices like this including posting this on your second channel. We all deserve our chances so i forgive you mike (bit late arent i)
The unfortunate true is that plenty of other health professionals would do the same if they had a opportunity like that
Has anyone told you you’re ugly
Why do people care? Doctors hang out with people during flu season. This is no different. Can people just live life? COVID isn’t a big deal.
All these people commenting but act like they aren’t sick of staying inside all year and act like they haven’t been around others smh
Masks are being used not to protect yourself but to protect the people around you covid is spread by air particles you sneeze or cough if it gets in your eyes you still get it although your wearing a mask
Guys, I get that a lot of you are angry and disappointed but what's done is done. He can't change what he did but he is taking responsibility for his actions. Dr. Mike's life should not impact your actions and your responsiblity to keep safe.
You're human not perfect
Doctor Mike, I am vero sorry to say that this video was not very professional of you. You spent so much time on your videos on YT explaining what behaviours are professional for doctors and what are not and posting this apology on your second, less viewed channel was not the wisest of the decisions! A part from the “Miami mistake” (which, we are all humans and we make mistakes), the decision to handle apologies in this way, made the mistake seem even more important...
A text book apology speech, I learned so much from this
bruv you had a party it's ok don't care about the snowflakes xD
oh I subscribed to a perfectionist channel.  getting out. sorry unsubscribed
I don't get why people are freaking out about this, he is admitting why and how he was wrong. He is Doing the right thing by admitting that he was wrong
ah yes to be a white cishet male that can do whatever he wants cause he knows people will forgive him either way, cancel culture isn’t real but oh boy i wish it was, disgusting
If you are so sorry,why don't you post this on your main channel,not your second "no one knows about it" channel?
Unsubbing...
I really had a crush on him
Dang, I just found your videos and was enjoying them. You seemed like a fun, informative, caring dude. Guess you're just another rich, careless, airhead celebrity rocking that privilege during a pandemic when the rest of us are struggling to get groceries and then weigh the risks of seeing our loved ones. You disgust me.
The epitome of hypocrisy.
This is ridiculous. Live your life. Be aware and careful but fuck you aren’t in jail.
You are a doctor, you were not just surprised by this trip, this is a pandemic, there is no way you just had all that time off work to go there   Also, you say because you live alone you don't effect anyone, you work with several sick and vulnerable people, you could be spreading that to any of them
I hate all “influencers”.
The mistake isn’t what he did, it’s what he didn’t do. He didn’t call Pewdiepie to get advice on an apology video.
TV doctor.
Absolute legend bra
you sir have nothing to apologize for and you shouldn't worry about idiots saying bullshit
Y'all need to chill out! When you guys are perfect then you can say something. Im sure that you make mistakes too! Dr Mike can do whatever he wants to do, and what he thinks is okay. He is an adult and doesn't need validation of approval of what he can or can't do!!! He has a right to not wear a mask, it's one time anyway!  Maybe y'all should focus on yourself not others.
Guys, he made a mistake and hes a human he wont do it again and im sure hes more aware of his choices now. Do yall want everyone to know hes a human and he make mistakes or do yall just want his perfect doctor image to go downhill huh whatever the point is he realised his mistake and hes more aware now and thats it
Isn't it truly obvious that these whole stupid nonsense about covid 19 or pandemic stuff issues are nothing. I mean, look at how many medical people broke "their own law" outside the building. It feels like covid19 exist but it doesn't have to be so serious issues compared to what they explained to us. Imagine if he wasn't the "sexist doctor" here, when it comes to celebrate something like that, I guess he would never learned about the mistake. Now, I can't truly imagine how many other medical people who aren't influencers yet they broke the law...
tsss. hypocrite detected. time for him to get his cure for acting like a privileged stupid person. shame on him.
*I adore u and follow u dr. Mike. But u disappointed us this time. If u had just started the video with straight apology and posted video on main channel maybe it will be more believable becoz this apology looks like PR setup or lawsuit setup for saving u. I respect u and always will becoz u r human and any human can do a mistake. I hope u come up with better apology next time.*
I can sympathise with Dr. Mike. This year has been absolutely awful. I just wonder how many of these commenters would have made the same mistake if they were in Dr. Mike's place? The message is hypocritical, that is true. But hear me out.   I think that this lockdown is unnatural and totally useless. More harmful is the misery that will happen with the economics *after* all is finished. I have heard opinions that we are facing a crash next year because of how the economy has been treated. What we have is a virus that kills people above life expectancy and with an abnormally high infection rate. Is locking everything down worth this? When people look at history, they remember the Great Depression in the 1930s before they remember the Spanish Flu, Polio, trench foot, all the diseases which had to be treated.   I live in Ireland. Our lockdown was practically martial law, we were stuck within the same 5 km radius for six months. We have something now for reporting people who are breaking lockdown laws to the Gardai. We're developing a culture of suspicion. The government here has got a LOT of people furious at them. My entire college degree has been practically broken by this lockdown, I have spent my 21st in lockdown, and I'm expecting to spend my 22nd, 23rd and 24th too, as our world starts to drip feed normality back to us. Meanwhile the super-corporations exploit everything, all the hurt and the pain and only get richer. How many people realise that McDonald's was allowed to remain open, while gyms are closed? This would practically be the setting for a dystopia novel.   I think that it can be established here that this lockdown is not a person's natural state of being (sources: anybody and everybody who is unhappy in lockdown). If anything, I think this highlights the main flaw of this lockdown. Everybody is miserable. Including the doctors. Everybody wants it to end. Dr. Mike has had to be the tip of the spear in how to act, he's been living alone, he's been under pressure from work (even more so than usual) and the news. That creates an opportunity for weakness. Which he took.   In the face of all of this, how many of these commenters would jump onto the chance to have a single break from this lockdown? I believe that there is only so much that a person can care before it gets to this point. Just one party. One night to have time, plus his friends organised that for him. How bad can that possibly be?   I don't believe it is totally fair to believe that the trust Dr. Mike had was broken. He's hardly the Son of God, incapable of making mistakes. He's a human too, and obviously the want for a break got to him. I'd honestly say that it's less of a want and more of a *need.* Sure, he's in control of his actions most of the time. But deny your nature as a person for long enough, and weakness will present itself. Turn it down. Another will appear. Humans are not designed for this lockdown. That's why I feel this lockdown has not worked and will continue to fail. The governments of the world do not seem understand - or care - that humans have a need to be active. So now we have all of the trouble for none of the results.   Admittedly, posting this on the second channel and disabling likes and dislikes only serves him. That was scummy. Because I think it only hides his human nature some more.
Oh my Gosh. You had a vacation and checked the rules prior to doing things and people are trashing you. Dr. Mike, thanks for the apology, but not needed for me sir. Have a great day.
Mann....... :( :(
Wow, I've literally just come across this. I'm shocked 😲  How could you be so selfish? Your actions could have ended a life. All you care about is yourself. I definitely won't be looking at you in the same light again.
Aww.. How sweet of you to not post this on your main channel
A lot of but hurt individuals here. COVID was not that bad
Unsubscribed - Main channel and Second channel
smh just remembered what u did and I still feel disappointed ://///
Allow this guy man there’s worse things happening he don’t deserve the hate!
Wow, salty people in here acting like they've never made a choice that contradicted things they've believed in. The only reason you're outraged is because he's in a spotlight, but how many people do you know personally that were still going places without a mask or being around large groups? Bet you weren't calling them out. Probably because you can't hide behind the comment section of a YouTube video.
We are only humans , i would like to see those hands up of those who haven’t made any mistakes on their lifes! No one, so why too much complaining. Life is too short to be trying to be mrs &mrs perfect ,.we should all take care , but this virus shouldn’t keep us from enjoying our lives. People are very ungrateful one mistake we make .we bad . They easily forget all the good things,. Let us be good to one another.stop all the hates
This is actually funny 😂😂😭like yall actin like Doc Mike's the only one that does this like bro stop being so ass hurt.🤡🧠🤏
I’m disappointed bro, its fine you attended a surprise party, its fine you did something you enjoy (the year of isolation has been tough, we know). What is not fine however, is how half assed this apology of yours is. just say you fucked up and that your desires got the best of you. Trying to justify what you did is not ok. Lmao you even start the video with excuses
Mistakes happen & I totally get where you are coming from. But don’t use your age & health as an excuse for this behavior. I’m young (24) and considerably healthy, yet COVID put me in the hospital & almost took my life. The whole story of I’m alone, young, healthy excuse is not valid. Everyone is at risk (even if you are young). Many young adults are getting seriously ill.
Who else does not care and thinks people are overreacting.
This is disappointing. I was in boot camp when this happened, and I had no idea this happened till now. You’ve completely undone everything you advocated for.
“He’s a hypocrite, he’s a hypocrite” Aren’t we all??? People saying he’s playing the ‘I’m human card” when really at the end of the day, he IS human! I’m not justifying his actions, as I do agree it would make more sense for him to make a proper apology on his main channel, but guys, ease down on the hypocrisy comments. All humans are hypocrites, actively or inactively.
He changed the like and dislike into "👍🏻 LIKE   👎🏻 DISLIKE"
“Rules for thee but not for me.”
Honestly, I'm not disappointed in you. I think it was a little stupid to get famous before covid, lol. But, seriously, what you do in your private life is no one's business just because you're a doctor. I don't ask my doctors if they wear their masks wherever they go. Their and your medical opinion is your job, and what you do outside of that is NO ONES business.
wondering why he put this on his second channel lmfao
and he removed the likes and dislikes? lmao he’s not interested in hearing any feedback, massive ego on this one
Are you an influencer of a doctor?
Do as I say, not as I (necessarily) do.  I don't understand why people have such a hard time separating the message and the messenger.  A good message is not invalid simply because of an imperfect messenger.  A good messenger does not make the message good.  Hitler didn't drink, smoke, or philander.  He advocated one of the most evil messages in modern history.  Dr. Mike may have messed up, but his message is, and has always been, good.
It's okay, Dr. Mike. Let he who is without sin (mistakes) cast the first stone. To err is human, to forgive, Divine.
Lol. Used to like you.
Wow I just found out about this today and can't even say how disappointed I am. And why isn't this on your main channel?? As others have said, it seems to diminish the sincerity of your apology.
Wayyyyyy to start an apology start by saying sorry😡
ew not another celebrity pretending to be sorry
Oh my, Doctor Mike, I'm terribly disappointed... Of all the people I did not think you'd fake all of this for views. No, just no, you're not actually being accountable to your actions.
I skipped to random places in the video and it said "I messed up here" and "I'm sorry I let you down." lol
Am I just broke or is it really easy to just not have a party during a pandemic because so far I've managed it.
He’s as fake as they come. Proves that people who are in a position of power, privilege & look very conventionally attractive can unfortunately get away with nonsense like this - it wasn’t a mistake but a choice he made to make, to completely & entirely disregard everyone’s safety because he feels as if though the rules don’t apply to him due to his massive ego & social media following 👎🏻. Stop with the insincerity, furthest thing from an apology video LOL
I learned a long time ago that when you apologize you just say sorry. Adding excuses and buts just takes away from the actual apology. This past year I've met so many medical staff due to a severe illness... had I met you knowing you did this I would be hurt and lose all trust in you. You are a leader in our community, as am I. We have to uphold higher standards.
Wow, the like to dislike ratio is turned off. Is that because you were dipping into the negatives or a missclick?
I for one knew he was a d-bag and unsubscribed when he did the big nike promotional partnership. that company is disgusting, doctors are supposed to care about people and not support slave labour!
Look. I can understand even you gave in to choosing having a party over your own advice. Covid is rough. But a mistake was made, so own up to it. Uploading to your 2nd channel and this half-hearted apology just shows that you are just trying to minimise and avoid this. "Be transparent and honest"? Upload it to your main channel and embrace your mistake then.   Very, very... disappointed. You were seriously the last person on Earth I would imagine doing this. Sincerely, a saddened fan.
seems like he didn't do much wrong so y'all are reaching
Well I guess he finally showed his true colors....
Lol
Don't blame yourself .even doctors are human and they can messed up
Disabling the dislikes? Wow
How was this a big deal. Obviously he shouldn’t have done that but what is the real risk of young healthy people partying while being within health protocols
if you were really sorry you would post this to your main channel.
People didn’t attend loved ones funerals because of what could happen. My father passed when I was 13 and this year and last  I was unable to visit his grave on what would have been 6th and 7th anniversaries. I had to spend the 7th anniversary isolated away from my friends when I would have been out with them in an attempt to distract myself from the horrors of that day.  We have out our trust in science, medicine, and in you (and other clinicians), therefore to see you meandering down a lake in a boat surrounded by 10+ people without social distancing or proper measures, and apparently without the awareness of what your own actions might do if somebody was to get ill, or (what has happened), you were caught, is incredibly debilitating.  I have been a subscriber of your channel for years, and while this won’t make me stop watching, i do want to see if you have/will change your actions to honour or acknowledge those who are smart enough not to go gallivanting away with your mates. Some of us have had to make huge sacrifices, myself being one of them, and the least you could do is acknowledge that. It’s too late now of course, but I hope next time you will think clearer about what you are doing, who might see it, and thus how it might impact people.
All of us are humans, everyone makes mistakes. Only fools will try to claim otherwise.
I do not see a problem with what you did. I still love you.
Props to D'Angelo Wallace, I've been watching you for a long long time and I am dissapointed. I like your content but I think you could've done better sorry Mr. Influencer Mike.
Honestly speaking im totally ok with him going he took the calculated risk to go to this party and thats his decision but it's very hypocritical to say don't do something then do that very same. While shaming others for doing what you are doing yourself. Politicians were caught doing this and I will stand that you are no different then them the ones who travel and have parties because you are doing the exact same thing. However if you were consistently with the calculated risk and didn't shame other or say stay at home its super important so you can party on a yatch. Hypocrite
I feel bad and conflicted... I love you too Doc. For now, I’ll hold on to your promise...
I JUST now saw this video ( April 2021). To be honest, I don't expect Doctor Mike to be perfect and I hope no one else does. 2020 was a very difficult year for a lot of people. A lot of people have lost loved ones and are sad and hurt about that.   I don't take it personally that he went on a boat with a couple of people. It's nice to see that Dr.Mike is not afraid of admitting to being wrong. 🤷
Y'all are so dramatic don't forget that he is a human being he can't make the right decisions all the time and it's not fair to just bash him like that!  It's not that easy to handle backlash on the internet.. Yes he did something wrong and he only apologised after he got caught does it make him less of a nice person no?!  You guys are just ready to blame and shout that's it
You're disgusting 😍
I'm not here do defend him, but dude, not only Dr. Mike has broken quarantine restrictions. I bet atleast 1 out 10 people here have done it at some point even if they don't admit to it. I think it's not fair attack him over this because ya'lls favorite influencers or some shit has been doing this ever since the pandemic started. Why aren't anyone coming after them?
What a hypocrite. An apology video starting from justifying what he did. Lol  And not posting it on his original channel, turning off the like button. He's more of an influencer than a medical professional.
Im so disappointed.
HIPOCRITE!!!!
Mike: “Maybe if I pretend to be sorry and apologize they won’t be able to criticize me for being a lying hypocrite anymore.”    Nobody is less credible than one that deliberately incites hysteria and shows through their own actions and decisions that they themselves are not worries about said issue.
Hypocrite at its best. When apologizing, rule no. 1 is not giving more excuses. Plus why do you post this on your actual channel? Biggest disappointment this year on youtube
this is not a good apology and why is this not on your main channel, this seems more of a formality.
The one Youtuber (a doctor no less) i never thought would mess up
Bruh
oof still a hypocrite
i dont understand why you are getting so many negative comments. you followed the guidelines that were in place. they are guidelines for everyone. you did nothing wrong. why is it bad to follow the rules now? people are confusing
I just found out about this story. And I'm kinda dissapointed to be honest! A) Your friends know you almost the best I think (it works like that in general). If they know how important is this for you, they wouldn't make a party like that, because they respect your opinion. They wouldn't make a party which goes into the trash instantly, because you turn it down. They knew you would agree. Also, you were in the apartment. They called you or I don't know like "hey Mike, meet us here please". You went there and had a swimming suit in your pocket randomly just in case you need it? 🤔 So all of these things are so messy and unlogical for me. B) Yes, you are young. But at the same time you are a grown up man, a doctor and a person who choosed to be in the spotlight by being famous through social media. Yes, people will see the mistakes you make and yes, they will use you (some people tend to use others even when they aren't famous at all). You are a grown up man, so I just literally can't see why is it worth it to have a party on a yacht with poorly dressed girls, while you knew it could cause a huge problem for you in the future. Is it really worth it? A grown up man should know about the "intelligent risk taking". You didn't made a mistake, you took a risk just to have fun for 1 day. And as a doctor you should perfectly know about all the risks you took. You have all the background informations about the virus, so I just couldn't even say that you weren't aware of all of those facts. C) I just found it super morbid and unethical that you even saw people suffer because of the virus. Maybe you even saw someone die after a long suffer. You saw people getting depressed because of the carantine. But after seeing all of those things you still decided to have fun. While maybe some people hearing out your advices, they are staying at home, they are getting depressed, they are skipping important family events, while you, who gave the advice, having a party on a boat. You saw people suffer after catching this virus, because it's spreading faster than other viruses in general (but again, I don't need to tell you about how this virus works, because you know it), and you still took the risk. One of the people who was there might spread the virus to someone  who has a worse immune system than you for example. Because you only said that you made the carantine, but what about the others? And just to tell you my "case" as an example. 2 months ago I had huge pain and fever. Like I couldn't even move. I asked my doctor (I called him on phone) to ask for advice/medicine/any kind of help, but he refused. He said because of the virus he doesn't want me to go there with fever and he don't want to help me through phone. He said I need a negative covid test. In that time getting the results of the test took like 1,5 week. Next day my fever went down, I still had pain. Because of that the hospital refused to send me on testing. But the doctor still refused to treat me, because I had fever. I'm still having problems, but since I wasn't treated on time, they just don't know what to do with me, how to treat me. So yeah, it would be kinda nice to "end" this virus as fast as possible, because I don't think that I'm the only person who didn't get a proper treatment because of the virus. Don't take it as a "mean comment". I will probably still watch you, because some things you do here (I mean, on your main channel) is truly important. Take it as a "mirror", think about it and be more careful.
This should have been posted on your main channel and this is not a good apology. I, and many others, have lost family and friends to COVID-19 and quarantined for months on end. It's a kick in the gut, that, despite knowing the rules and presumably the impact this pandemic has had on people's everyday lives, you still decided to party on a yacht. I actually think that is more detestable and damaging than plandemic conspiracy theorists. If a doctor can't stick to the guidelines, how can anybody else be expected to?  On top of that, in this video you seem to purposely misinterpret the guidelines to cover your back. If you just apologised for your 'mistake', instead of coming up with excuses, you'd still deserve backlash, but it'd be less patronising.
Did he actually turn off dislikes? And why on the second channel lmao
Ooo such an hypocrite. Posting a video on your second channel and hiding the likes and dislikes count is not what u should be doing
Once you made a mistake, everyone will judge you. They will say everything about you, cmon ppol,
I like how he put this on this channel with the least amount of subs. I'm not mad at him anymore tho.
(Singing to the tune of Rihanna's Take a Bow) don't tell us you're sorry coz you're not..doctor when we know you're only sorry you got caught..but you've put on quite a show, really had us going, this was quite a show, very entertaining..but it's over now..go on and take a bow..
Put it in your main channel, coward.
"strive to do better" ...is that so hard to follow what you say and not do a big party with no social distancing, like we do ?  ... That's so easy to say what to do and then, when you are rich you think that doesn't apply to you...
People are just mad cus they can't afford a yacht. He's a human first, doctor second. Stay out of his personal life nosey people
Well i guess everyone kiks sometimes i take your apology if its scrpited or not its fine ...
I appreciate your earnest heart in this video, but I don't think you did anything wrong. You followed the guidelines and did your best to calculate the risk. I'm not mad at you, and I don't think this erodes your credibility. I still support you 100%
Why is everyone making such a big deal about this if he followed the guidelines after the fact
This really shows the caliber of person Mike is.
Oh come on! Its not like this was in the beginning of this whole thing. You mean to tell me that if ANY one of you that are so "heart broken"  got surprised from a friend you would be like "oh no sorry. The pandemic!!"  Give me a break. Let the man live!!
Blah blah blah take your shirt off. #FreeTheNipple
this is old ik, but you really did mess up. you’re a doctor and you did the exact opposite of what you’ve preached. people are missing funerals, you could miss a party.
I have no idea why people were getting so angry about this  If he's just hanging around with people his age and everyone is getting tested for covid in and out, for a one time event, I don't see the problem.  He's following every guideline the CDC have put forward, are people just upset because they can't go outside yet? the circumstances aren't the same dog.  That being said, putting it on his second channel seems shady to many because it's as if he had something to hide or be embarssed about (the latter of which is definitely true) and it definitely hurt the message as people who don't know the full context are bound to interpret it as if covid isn't all that serious  sad to see so many people jumping the gun on dr mike based on a misunderstanding and being so eager to join the cancel culture bandwagon.
Let’s be honest. He is a dr and he knows that covid exists but also he knows that is not as deadly to everyone like the numbers say. So that’s why he went on that boat because he has no risk to get it if he was healthy 😒😒
You didn’t even need to make a video about this lmao I doubt half of the people in these comments have followed everything perfectly. Live your life, have fun!!!!
I wish he posted this on his main. This would have been a much better apology if he was willing to get hit by all the backlash.
As someone who just found out I have covid I appreciate this message because I was probably as worried about the people interacting with me as much as if not more than myself. I may be a risk but for those in the medical field, they live in risk and loss all the time. You have my utmost respect in your work. Keep up the good fight.
This why I unsubscribe to this channel. Good luck to everyone in the world
You are fine. When I saw there was an apology video from you I thought it was something serious lol.  You are correct that it is about risk. If it was outside then it is especially fine people get too crazy. You can still live life if you are at low risk y'all
Wow, I'm so late to this and wasn't aware of the photo. I liked you even after I saw the photo but this video was so rehearsed and the fact that you didn't post it on your main channel makes me think that you care more about your popularity than informing us about your hypocrisy-- but what do you expect from arrogant, narcissistic physicians? you're held to a higher standard for a reason! If the people were tested prior to the party, I wouldn't see the issue but it wasn't the case. I would have had more respect for you if you said you were struggling with your mental health, did something stupid then took the required time off and were tested but this video....I can't.
Nakakalungkot naman Doc mike😔. unsubs. Katulad kalang din ng mga polis at senador sa bansa namin. Kayo na nagpapatupad at nagtataguyod ng mga panukala at patakaran ang mismong hindi sumusunod :( .
its ok nobodys perfect
HYPROCRITE!
I'm sick of everyone in this comment section. Spreading even more negativity worn do a thing. Sure, you might be angry at a doctor for breaking rules that he should be following but can't you see he knows he's wrong? He even addressed his mistakes and posted a video about it. Calling him a 'coward' or any other names is useless and not criticising. It only harms a person. It won't do anything productive.  Many of you have broke social distancing rules at least once accidentally or intentionally. Even I have done so. It's incredibly impossible to avoid breaking those rules in a densely populated country. Calling this situation hypocrisy at its finest? I think not. You guys are the hypocrites.  I'm pretty sure very few of you would dare to kick aside your pride and admit you're wrong even to yourself. Let alone post a video to the public. Don't tell me you won't.  Put yourself into someone else's shoes for once.
Ya ya quit yapping. Hypocrite
Heh he turned likes n dislikes off
Dear Dr Mike, please keep your personal life, private. This will prevent future problems. And thank you for all the informational videos. Have been both entertaining and educational, best wishes....
Being in a medical field you lit preached about health and blah blah and her you are showing good example  Soooooo disappointed
I have to respect he isn’t deleting the negative comments but wow, this apology is lackluster and I’m very disappointed. I understand no one is perfect and all, but this is a big screw up. I do respect how he calls out a lot of other crappy aspects of medicine. But he really should have posted this on his main. I just found this video by chance. Should’ve been more public. Also, interesting we can’t see the likes and dislikes. Wonder why ....  Edit: like a lot of other comments say, I am graduating college in this pandemic. I’m trying to enter the job market. I celebrated my 21st. My boyfriend and I are debating when and how we should handle trying to move out. All in this pandemic. It feels very disrespectful that people in privilege get to do whatever they want, take their “calculated risks”. I have worked retail through this pandemic to pay for my education. I can’t afford to calculate the risks. All of my family works retail in at least one of their jobs. Hope he enjoyed his party. I have paid thousands to write papers and read powerpoints in my bedroom. I only leave the house to go to work or see my boyfriend at his place. But I hope his vacation was nice 🙄
WTF!! you all must have done something like that it doesn't mean that if he is a doctor he shouldn't do anything and at least he apologized some wouldn't even bother to apologize, even if he did it on this channel at least he did u'know
mike you're an angel. everyone is really envy about your whole life so be careful. there's a lot of people trying to damage your your reputation. I know you're not going to read this, but you're one of the most illuminated men in the world, you have everything most people want to achieve. All the care isn't enough to you, be safe dude 💪
Ok, Mike really fucked up, and ya this was really hypocritical. But in the end he’s human, he has a personal life. Everyone fucks up. He is explaining what happened and clarified he did try to take precautions and stay safe, don’t get me wrong it was still irresponsible to go in the boat anyway. He said in the end he messed up and it seems he is genuinely sorry and knows he did wrong. I think he will learn from this mistake. I just wish some of you weren’t so harsh. But in conclusion, even though what he did was bad I forgive him  Edit: some one else said this. Let’s be honest some of you would have taken that opportunity to go on the yacht, don’t act like you wouldn’t
4K?
I don’t understand people’s anger. Who would say no to a yacht that was rented for so much money? Sure, what he did was wrong but you guys wouldn’t have said no either. Doctor Mike, you are still one of my all-time favourites!
Geez people. Covid isn't the freaking plague. The liberals in charge blow it out of proportion when it fits their needs. He shouldn't even have to apologize and you guys are being so judgemental and snarky. He was safe and followed guidelines. The liberal cancel crowd is so fking dumb. Calm down and do us all a favor and quarantine yourselves from the rest of us with a brain in our heads who can think for ourselves.
Nobody ever talks about cleaners. We never stopped cleaning during covid. You're welcome. Lol
What you have done is really wrong, I hope you can change and learn from your mistake.
I’m just happy I’m one of the billions of lucky people that survived this devastating extinction that has threatened our planet. Lol. I’m sorry you had to apologize for getting on a boat
Wonder who does his pr.
Did you get a doctors note allowing you to go?
Dude went on vacation. Who gaf?
This is so dumb. You're OK, your friends are ok. You quarantined when you returned.  Not everyone agrees with the trolls some of us think we need to live a little. Maybe not as we once did but a little.
Dr. Mike stated he was very cautious at first, which proves that he does care about the pandemic. He just wanted to go out and have fun, Dr. Mike even did alot of research. He was under alot of pressure because he wanted to use his birthday present.  Dr. Mike said that he needed to do better, he said to attack him instead of the science.  Another thing is that people are attacking him for not posting this on his main channel, first of all, put yourself in his shoes. Wouldn't you be to embarrassed and ashamed of yourself if you did something like this? All of you are attacking him for not posting this on his main channel but I'm pretty sure 90% of you would not have either. You all are holding him up to double standards just because he's a doctor, doctors are humans to. Dr. Mike said he was sorry, he said that he loved all of us. Yes, what he was wrong but cut him some slack. This was only a one time thing and everyone is attacking him, over ONE situation.  Edit : Dr. Mike isn't perfect, just like all of you aren't. We all have did stupid things, but when a famous doctor does something stupid it's all over the internet. I get why everyone is upset but having this much hate in the comment section could really bring someone down, he didn't disable the comment section so Is he really a coward? The only reason why you are all mad at him is because he is a famous doctor, if he was a regular person you all would have brushed it off. Double standards I tell you— Anyways, I just don't think that calling him names and being hateful towards him is going to really fix the problem or make anything better, the only thing you all are truly doing is making him depressed most likely. Dr. Mike was trying to explain himself, but in return he got backlash JUST because he's famous and because he's a doctor. Sometimes choices are mistakes, not every mistake has to be by accident guys.
y'all would cancel Charli D'Amelio for anxiety attacks but not him, James Charles or David Dobrik?
Lmao
wHaT dId hE eVen dO?
Y’all are ❄️
Blah blah blah bs excuses. You are just a tool
My mans didn’t deserve any of the hate he’s getting for this. Dudes a doctor who’s trying his hardest to provide information to the public and all he wanted to do was take a tiny load off while this pandemic is going on and gets absolutely slammed for it, he followed all of the guidelines the risk was minimal. Everyone in this comment section who is expressing ‘disappointment’ in him also takes a risk by going out to a grocery store or going to school 5 days a week. And then a hypocritical slimy nerd like D’Angelo Wallace has the audacity to go after people like Dr Mike for having with a party with family where there is less of a chance you will contract or carry COVID than something simple as going out and getting groceries. People are getting so annoying with this shit I stg like I go to school 5 days a week and literally no one where’s masks in the classes or in lunch and the students still throw parties at home with their friends and yet only one person has caught COVID in our school, this is stupid frfr.
Alot of us have done worse
Turning off the like to dislike ratio is for cowards.
Y’all God Damn look. I mean no obviously it wasn’t safe, but I mean have you not seen more than 20 people all year? We try we try really really hard, but just because he wanted to have fun for one day in a year of him helping us, keeping us informed on correct data, dealing with Covid patients himself, being alone. I mean it’s not enough to be upset at him with. He’s a human being and it’s wrong to expect perfection from your hero’s. He experiences temptation, and peer pressure. Idk man doesn’t it feel wrong to talk about this medical professional man’s one downfall when he’s done much more good in this pandemic than most of us. Did he do the wrong thing, yea. is it understandable though, yes. Idk tho just my 2 cents
The grand leader of the sheep herd. 🤦🏼‍♂️
And you hide the like dislike ratio. Slimy coward
wow.... i’m not mad, just super disappointed
Shut it, pal! Put a diaper 😷 on it!
Oh stop bitching and let the man live his life. He has a very stressful job on top of being a famous YouTuber. I can't blame him for wanting to take a vacation to Miami for his birthday. Everyone acts like doctors and lawyers and members of government  are these supernatural humans who can work their ass off all day every day and never get tired. He's fucking human guys. He gets tired and needs a vacation just like the rest of us
I'm so mad seeing this also who came from Tik tok wait only me ok then 😡😡😭😭😭😭
I think most the hate is coming from over weight people who don’t even watch your stuff but hardly anyone follows covid guidelines. Because if even half the population did this pandemic would be over by now.
Medical professionals are poor critical thinkers.
Jeez everyone 😧 Calm down Dr Mike is a great person and a great doctor He did one thing wrong and he is rained abuses and negative comments Enjoy your day and peewoop
Who cares. Do what you want.
Please dont pretend like its a mistake you wont make again. Everyone knows that’s bullcrap.  Your goodie two shoes facade has shattered. Theres no recovering it, but thats not entirely a bad thing. Its kinda hard to make content with such an outlook. Relax a little more.
I've loved you for ages and thought you were a great model. Turns out you're only sorry we found out and not because it's actually wrong.
Biggest hypocrite
Anyone who thinks the good doctor acted without consideration is a fool.  He was isolated with a group of people and made what I'm sure was an educated decision. Threat to the general public, negligible. This guys message has been consistent, thoughtful and science based. Not like he was on a bus, train or in a restaurant. I for one hope he had a great trip.  🤷🏾‍♂️
Doctor Mike, frankly this "apology" is the nail in the coffin in losing my respect, but in an effort to match you with your logic id like to explain  >It took you 2 minutes of your 5 minute apology to actually apologize >You spend those 2 minutes trying to justify your actions, which undermines your apology >Your apology lasts 10 seconds (revisited for 20 seconds at the 4 min mark) >You put in your video the rules as if to show us that you were following them. Again, you reinforce the idea you did nothing wrong, which you did by your own admission at 1:55 >One of the rules you list states a limit of 10 people on the boat, where the picture that was leaked has more then 10 people >You posted to a side channel where only the people looking for it will fond the apology >You focus a lot on assessing individual risks involved. Are you saying thats what everyone should do? Or are you implying you can do that assessment alone because... You're better then the average person? >You imply your personal risk, but its not all about YOUR risk. You could become a carrier in that time, and spread the virus to others. Even if you are fine others could be affected by your actions. >3:24 "while I may be following guidelines..." the point of this video was that you weren't following guidelines. You admitted as much at 1:55 when you said you "messed up" >3:42 "[I'm apologizing to] you who have supported me on this channel." The subset of those from your main channel. When you do this what your action is saying is you want to be able to point to an apology, but limit the exposure of your mistake. Protecting your inage by hiding your apology does not bolster your sincerity >4:28 "I'm going to continue to be transparent" but you are hising yoir apology. Thats not transparency. Obscuring your apology with false justifications at the beginning is not transparency.   If this apology was sincere Mike then I'm sorry but you are not effectively conveying it, and it makes it sound disingenuine. Your words speak a story but your actions have spoken louder, both through the actions you took in Miami and your actions through this apology.  Due to this, I cannot accept your apology. I wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors and maybe after a while my opinion will calm, but for now, I can't continue to support you and your channel.
Bruuuuh y'all calm down. He's a human. He made a mistake and shouldn't have done it. Tf, there are doctors that smoke. They also know what they are doing, and they also don't give shit.
Wouldn't even know about this if it weren't for D'angelo.
The hate in the comments, damn. I don't know what's the situation like in the US, I'm guessing it varies drastically depending on the region, but he met with his friends on a boat once, big deal. This virus is not going away, we can't just stay at home for the rest of our lives. I'm from Poland, currently live and work in Germany, people go out here, we meet with family and friends from time to time, yeah it's way less than before the pandemic, and we don't do it when one of us is feeling unwell, but we don't just lock ourselves in our homes either, what would be the point of that?
I ain’t tryna defend doctor mike but people are acting like he killed half the population by going on that boat trip overreacting for no reason, I would understand if he did this early during the pandemic but this happened when it wasn’t as serious I’m sure there’s many celebrities doing worse but people won’t put an eye to it. 🤷‍♂️
I thought this was gonna be on his first channel and had to look for it. Didn’t even know he had a second channel. This dude isn’t sorry and doesn’t care. He only cares because he got caught. That’s why I dislike this dude. He’s a Youtuber and media personality first and a medical professional second.
Can someone tell me what this is about?
you don’t have to explain yourself, youre a grown ass man in charge of your body, you do what you want with yourself man don’t give into the fucking left/lynch mob
Covid has been a hard time for everyone and most people have really realized that being alone through all of it is hard and I truly understand that. People also have seemed to recognize that being alone has taken a toll on their mental health and even just simple thoughts. This apology is more of an excuse rather than an apology and it seems he is trying to show his concern only because he got caught, but just because he is a doctor doesn’t mean he isn’t human. Everyone makes mistakes and even though this is a huge health hazard and he’s a doctor so he should know sometimes people don’t take serious things seriously. It’s ok to make a mistake as long as you learn from it and I might get hate for saying all of this, but tbh I feel like he truly sees his mistake and is going to try and fix his future decisions.
Aw it’s ok bb.
We all make mistakes, dude. Most people see you as a doctor and not as a person, so they're more judgemental of you. The fact that you felt like you messed up and can admit that is what matters. The idiots STILL criticizing you just want to do so because they can. Do you, Doc. Let the haters hate as haters do.
Does anyone believe that he took all those steps before shooting Jagerbombs?
Dude...apology accepted..  Whether or not you did it on your main channel, or this one, you apologized. Ppl need to stop acting like you're perfect Dr. Mike, like you can't make mistakes too. Damn!
All of y'all just cussing him look in YOURSELF and see what u done wrong stop coming for him yah he made a mistake  but all of of do the same thing and NONE of us are perfect because I know you did some crazy thing in your life too stop judging ppl cause you do something worse civic has taken a tool on our life's and I don't wrong him cause I really wanna go outside and party and see my friends too civic even made ppl k3ll themselves and made ppl really depressed like me so STOP coming for him he just wanted to live his life and plus o think he would have gotten tested and that would be okay you coming for him so bad but when charlie  went on a vacation with her family and friends you guys didn't  do anything so just stop the ONLY person that can judge him is GOD the one who created us so look in yourself 🤗🙄
🍎🍏  For you :)
You're a joke, and I unsubscribed
People saying that this “isn’t a mistake, it was a choice” are not being correct. Choices we make CAN BE mistakes. We are all human. Who are we to pick apart other people and their actions? We can all have our own opinions, yes. Just remember that at the end of the day, we are all people. We are all just trying to live our lives. Remember that you don’t have any idea what other people are going through and your words can mean something. He’s owning up to his mistake, that means something (whether or not this was posted on his main or second channel). Most people aren’t putting their lives on the internet like he is. Be kind and be understanding. Him apologizing is a big step that a lot of people can’t even do. Everyone’s journey through this is different, we’re all just trying our best. 🧡
It's ok Dr.Mike you made a big mistake but I forgive you....carry on peeewooop
He didn't just gamble with his own life, he gambled with the lives of others too.
there's money to be made
Dr mike, I am not a doctor but I knew this lesson already, no f ups needed.
"I am sorry I got caught" hypocrite coward
here is a problem with being famous, do 1 mistake and the whole internet will hate you for it.
are we just gonna ignore the fact that his friend got him a private boat for his birthday, like i was thrilled when my friend bought me those giant 1 lb reese’s peanut butter cups, i really need to raise my expectations jeez.
just let the man have some fun
Why'd you do it, Mike? Why???
I appreciate the apology and think it's really unfortunate that so many people are still posting so negatively about it. I'm a big Dr. Mike fan and my opinions about him have not changed. He thought he made a good choice, decided otherwise and apologized. What more can you ask for? Still a stand up guy.
I've just come across to this video. You lost your credibility Dr. Mike. This is inexcusable. The fact that you started your video by stating you were nervous about it at first is a BS. We have all seen the pictures, they say it all.  "guidance for wearing masks during water activities" "local boat capacity guidelines" ... blah blah! get to the point, why are you trying to make excuses?? and why did you not post this on your main YouTube channel? So much for transparency!  You appear to be very mature and down to earth guy on your videos,  well in reality it doesn't look like it. Grow up!
Anybody can make slimy mistakes, were only human and I get that being young, white and rich must be one hell of a drug. But the mask really slipped with this """"""apology""""""". Like, this video and the logistics of how you posted it are just gross man. Also, make the like to dislike ratio visible, you coward
Props to you for burying this so well, I had to find out from D'angelo Wallace about this (thank you D'angelo 🙏). I think your subscribers on your main channel might have liked to know about this dude. And I've seen my fair share of youtuber apologies, yours is not good, by any means. You are a doctor, a role model for people, and you spread one message only to go against it and endanger others. And then you go and hide it. You were going to receive backlash on it, so why hide it?
The thing is do y’all not know how to read, his main channel is full of videos that are like 10+ min but this one was 4 so he uploaded it to his shorts video like holy shit
Of course is rehearsed because if it says anything wrong you people will come at him and destroy him. Sickening to be honest. The guys not perfect, nobody is. Stop asking everybody to be role models. Even killers can tell you killing is not a good idea sometimes. We try not to do it ourselves but we can be tempted. Chill, people.
buuuuuuuu
Lol I don’t see a big problem with him going to a party no reason to live in a box covid isn’t going anywhere and the vaccine is out so stop making it seem like he’s a terrible person
This was too blown up, he was on a boat with 90 capacity and had a small group of friends of about 15 people. We need to stop treating everyone on earth as if they automatically have the virus or are already sick. And he IS at less risk bc he's perfectly healthy and young, that's the stats. And no, he doesn't deserve to be cancelled or lose a bunch of subs for something so small, what a stupid reason 😂😂 He also probably didn't post this on his main channel bc he didn't want to be constantly flooded with comments about this months and months from now, which I would've done the same bc that's a stupid grudge to hold. It's a mistake, he admitted it, move on and stop acting like you're a saint. Read the description, he's not risking anyone while in the office
Dr Mike, forget about the mean or judgmental comments from others. We all make mistakes so it's okay as long as you fix it up. And for others, just honking forgive his mistakes. You saying these mean comments or saying you're disappointed isn't gonna do anything else besides making him feel more guilty than he already is. Just forgive him and help him guide to be better, not saying anything else. He may be a hypocrite but what about all of us? There will be time we're hypocrites as well. Just forgive him. That's all. Dr Mike, be strong you're still learning a lot about life.
I don’t get why everyone is so mad doesn’t everyone do stuff like this like heck where I live no one gives a shit I do but we still go out and do stuff and around here no one cares who gets COVID and who doesn’t this is like normal behavior where I live. I understand that it was a risky thing to do but also doesn’t everyone hate owning up to their mistakes you don’t know what he could have dealt with off camera if this was all he could bring himself to do then so be it just don’t attack him so much to the point where it’s out of hand I just don’t get it I literally just came across this because in one of his videos everyone was attacking him not from this dude D’Angelo which I’ve never heard of so yeah
This probably just looks way worse than it was. I’m sure his risk assessment was adequate. Internet, stop canceling people.  *Side Note:  It is odd that it’s posted to his side channel.
I hope none of these people had family over for birthdays and holidays.
I don’t blame him. I don’t know about you but if I had to deal with lots of work (and I mean LOTS of it), I would want a break. Temptation got the better of him.
While y’all are bashing him you are screaming at Walmart employees about how entitled you are to hoard some damn toilet paper.
Sorry guys I'm with him here...if he did actually check and follow all the protocols I don't see the issue. Doesn't seem like it was a huge crazy spring break party but rather some friends on a boat (correct me if I'm wrong I haven't looked up the details). We need to stop pandemic shaming everyone, esp at this point in the pandemic, and recognize that the most important thing is that you carefully research and weigh the decisions you are making. Maybe this wasn't a great idea given that he's trying to set a good example and it's a "bad look." Sure. But please let's not cancel him for doing something that really doesn't seem to have been all that bad and owning up to it.
Love you Dr. Mike!
Don’t worry about it, everyone messes up sometimes
All of you who are judging him better make sure you are 100% perfect. You're lucky you don't have people looking for your fuck ups with a camera in your face I wonder what they would catch.
I almost never comment on videos, but this seems ridiculous. We have no control over what people do. This pandemic has been hard on all of us, and if a group of people decide to attend a party on a boat there is no one's business. It's their choice if they risk it or not, it's up to them to calculate the risk and decide for themselves. If Dr. Mike followed protocol afterwards as he says he did, and didn't endangered any patients, then it's not up to any of us to judge. We don't personally know him and what influences his choices. It's not up to anyone to call him a liar or hypocrite. What he does on his personal time it's his business.  And yes, it's a little shady that he apologised (which he had no obligation of doing) here instead of his main channel, but still no one knows why he did this and no one has a right to judge. Just because he is a public person doesn't mean he is perfect or that his life has to be put under a microscope. Give it a rest people. Enjoy his content or not, but no one has a right to judge.  Sending all my love to Bear ❤️
were you flexing during this video
Mike I am sure that you learned from your mistake and I understand that the stress from this pandemic lead you to do this but you should have apologized in the video not justified your actions. We are all going through this and we all wish we could go on a partie and rewind with our favorite people so we get why you you did it but we want to hear you admit your mistake and apologize for it. Yes you did that but it wasn't the center of the videoand it was not right of to post it on your second channel. I personally understand and I accept your apology because I every human makes mistakes! We need to learn from them and not repeat them! Stay safe (for real this time) and know we love you!
Every single one of you in these comments need to evaluate your selfs. Tell me have you been perfect? Do you keep your mask above your nose? Double up on masks? Order groceries for delivery and never enter a store? Do you walk around someone in a 6 foot bubble? Go off peeps, none of you are perfect. I will be waiting for all of your guys apology video. Do you have the guts to admit your imperfections?
I can't believe we're actually arguing about someone living their life. And also apologizing for living their life. If YOU'RE scared, stay home. Let people live their lives. Texas removed the mask mandate and their cases have been DOWN ever since. Covid is not as bad as the media is making it out to be. Grow some balls, do some critical thinking, question your sources, live your damn life.
In Soviet Union, mistakes make you.
Jesus guys chill out, he admitted he was wrong isn’t that enough. The only people who would need to see this is the people who saw the photos and wanted to see what he had to say for himself. So can y’all shut the hell up and stop flaming him.
All the people sayin “oH yOu DIdn’T uPLoAd On mAiN CHaNneL” just want to cancel him
I won't really say that he's a bad man... Or that he was selfish... He was just human... This year has been way too long and honestly, most of us wouldn't entirely reject if someone surprised us or anything! Just that as a doctor and someone who has such an immense following, a little more responsibility was expected from him... I won't say I was disappointed because he went to the party, I was disappointed because of the way he apologized after it
Wow!!! This is BS! 😡😡😡
Ah, I'm probably in the minority here, but I'll wait to see if this happens again before I make a big deal out of it.
LOL bro, that's weak.
People would do anything to make someone good look bad. Either to leave really negative and unnecessarily long comments, or exposing your life and what you do. You are a frontline worker. Constantly working hours everyday, straight up 48 hour shifts and such. You are out there risking your life to help other. It’s okay to make this mistake. Yes it may have brought a risk but it’s a risk you thought it would be okay to take. You deserve to relax, for everything you have done for the community, even before covid. I don’t get why people are being really being upset about it. It’s your life, your choices. Only those who truly support you would understand why you decided to go out during the pandemic. Please keep your head up. Don’t let these negative comments get to you.
Issa free boat trip tho
Everyone is a hypocrite stop being pussies people do shit
He fucked up, chill. But i agree he should've put this on the main channel
My man why ???
dude why are you getting hate for this. i mean in my opinion social distancing and stuff is pointless cuz you cant run from it so what’s the point. you got covid tested before this right?? so why does it matter that he was on a boat? doesn’t make any sense to me
He followed all the rules and laws I don’t c a problem
Oh for goodness' sake, people, give it a rest! You've got a demented president who tells you to drink bleach and that's what makes you mad? Dr Mike is a great guy who does a spectacular job with his channel, but he's still a young lad - what is he, 30-31?  So he's still dating models and driving sports cars and showing off his fancy apartment - THAT'S OK!!! He'll grow out of it. So he's still a bit immature and got overexcited about a fancy yacht and forgot he's a public figure and that everything can and will be used against him. He's owned up to it, he's apologised, GET OVER IT ALREADY!!!!
Repeat after me "We are all in this together".
Ya'll acting like he held a gun to each person's head and forced them to party. He made a mistake, he admitted he fucked up and was in the wrong. He also may have not chosen the best words but its better then a script. Guys, he's a doctor. Helping people daily, no covid was passed on that boat, he tested negative, he admitted he was wrong. He's human, just like you or me. Everyone learns and it obvious he has. You have the right to your opinions but to demonize and say he's suddenly the scummiest is ridiculous and childish.
lol what ever he is human. let it be. people fuck up, yall need to get off your high horse.
Well, as long as you quarantined upon return, and didn’t put your patients at risk, I see no problem with it.
No apologies needed for keeping living your life. We are in the U.S., we are free to choose, those who want to live in fear and like prisoners are free to do so. But they do not have the right to tell others how to live.
Doctor mike , I still love you! You’re a human being this has been over a year we have been living this way. My grandmother died from COVID and I still do not think you were wrong for going on a boat with your friends. You weren’t walking in a crowded space without a mask coughing on people, you were with friends who were also okay risking their physical health for their mental health. ❤️ I hope things are going better for you.
risk is a spectrum! as is life - everyone should go with Gnothi Seauton/ nosce te ipsum/ know thyself! Thanks for apologizing, keep reassessing your judgement, thanks for your honesty. Seek true happiness and stay blessed!
People are giving him too much shit. He was safer than half the folks in miami are in general. And he checked guidelines. It's not like he threw caution to the wind.
they mad lol
You’re still human, everyone makes mistakes x
hate this <3
Oh shut up, y'all are such hypocrites, we all have gone out at some point, it's not healthy either to stay in you house for a whole year either, every person takes their own measures, and I'm sure he takes the measures as he is in the medical field and knows how to be as safe as he can to take a little break, stop being so invested about famous people's lives
No apology needed you did nothing wrong!!!!!!!!!!
The man had a slight lapse in judgment. He had one throughout this entire pandemic. He broke one covid guideline. can any of you look in the mirror and say you haven't violated that many or way more, since the pandemic started? You could argue that he should be held to a higher standard. but if you look at the precautions he's taken throughout the pandemic, versus the vast majority of people, I say he's still held himself to a higher standard than all of us have. Y'all need to get off your high horses.
I do hope you look at comments. I am unable to get vaccines because of an allergic reaction to the flu vaccine 11 years ago. People are telling me I can get the COVID vaccine. Please educate me. I’m 63 and high risk. Thank you.
We are all having a hard time without seing others,going out,without Hawking fun,we all make mistakes or bad decitions  the most important thing is acepting the mistake and work on it
This is why I made an apology video BEFORE releasing any content.  Big brain moves.
I bet 90% of the people criticizing him ALSO break COVID-19 guidelines. I can't imagine that none of you have seen anyone you don't live with since March of 2020.
I'm really disappointed. 😞😞😞
Humans do mistakes, we are still here supporting you Dr. Mike Take care
I mean guys chill all of you go out so like yeah people make mistakes we’re human chill geez and even doctors especially them so calm yalls dicks smh
This is my opinion after watching this video is. He shouldn't be 'cancelled' he is like every other human and is tired of 1 year not spending any time out with friends and people, He sure should expect people being mad at him, he damn right made a mistake. I feel like people are taking this too far, every person makes a mistake he is a goddamn doctor but still doesn't change the fact that he's like us and shouldn't have high expectations.  I would like to see if someone could change my mind i'm open to comments
OH MY GOD the pauses are killing me😂😂(only time I’ll ever use this emoji)
I feel like I'm the only one who believes this is a genuine apology. Did everyone watch the whole video?
I don’t see what’s wrong with this. So what he didn’t wear a mask on a boat. The CDC said wearing a mask during water activities is more dangerous.
all these hate comments really frustrates me. i can bet almost everyone single one posting hate comments has gone to hang out with friends despite the safety protocols. almost every single person on the planet has done something wrong from our side and just because doctor does it, everyone jumps up on his life. i know he has also made a mistake but he is apologizing. so please take into consideration at other facts and try looking from his point of view before spending some hate............
Everyone be acting like a hypocrite in the comments
Is this an official dr Mike clips thing
Should have posted this on ur main Chanel but ok
Good apology. I respect that. I will continuously support you, because you messed up, but you didn't repeat your mistakes, showing growth. Mad respect!
Sometimes people have a hard time trying to apologise And even though he knew he was gonna get backlash, i think he was too scared to post this on his main channel And I think that's ok At least he tried to apologise and didn't deny he made a mistake
Idc what anyone says you made a mistake and you wont let it happen again that's how you learn you need to make mistakes to learn and you do know that so meany other YouTubers have been to party's and you only hate on Dr.mike he made a mistake and he takes full responsibility for it im disappoint in all you "fan's" for all the hate he made a mistake we all make mistakes just because he is a doctor dose not mean he wont make mistakes god you all lost it if your a true fan you would acknowledge that he's sorry and forgive him for the mistake he made.
Why no one thanks Doctor Mike for the good things he had done and just be harsh for the one thing he has done.
Guys, i know you’re upset, but don’t be so harsh to Doctor Mike. People makes mistakes sometimes, doctors are humans too. Doctors use time and effort to save lives. Yet, you guys keep saying harsh things for the one thing he did and ignored the other amazing things that he did.
He is young and made a mistake, whoever is free of sin cast the first stone. Relax everyone, he provides useful information and Is a charismatic person, we all make mistakes, give him a break...unless of course, you are perfect yourselves..if that's the case then never mind.
Just asking...why my comment from your video was deleted? Was it because you found it way too shameful that someone from the same field was criticizing you?
Now I see the implications of being famous. These people are killing him
I dont understand why everyone is blaming him, for trying to have some good time and relax. It's important to take care of your mental health too. Covid is a dangerous virus for elderly and immunodeficient people, not for people in good health. Dr. Mike could be having a burnout, who knows? Also, he made sure to take some precautions later on. He did contradict himself there, i can agree. But, sometimes mental health is more important and life should be going on. I am currently working with elderly covid patients and i cant tell you they are not suffering from the virus, but from the isolation. Suicidal thoughts, depression, stress, anxiety, etc. It breaks my heart to know that they are spending their last years of life alone. I think Doctor Mike is an amazing Doctor and he's helping many people out there. Let's not make a big deal of a little party on a boat please
I don’t agree with the dumb media using him to try to make covid a hoax but jeez when a fucking doctor himself cannot listen to the rules, what message does that send?  I hate that I supported you and believed your obvious manipulation on your main channel and completely missing this video. The tiktokers and other youtubers and celebrities who do this are just plain stupid but you, as a doctor who sees how bad the situation is everyday, preaches to us and other people to do better and KNOWINGLY CHOOSES  to do this is just plain disgusting. I am furious
Ugh, it's fine. Just don't lecture other people is all.
Hey guys what's wrong with you all? He is just a human and it is possible for him like as others to make a mistake.I can't understand people used to compliment on him in the past ,have changed their mind about him so rapidly. I know he should be aware of what he says on social media cause he is an influencer but at the end He is also a human.Please Stop Judging People.
I guess the biggest mistake is going out without wearing a mask.. And I know it's basically impossible to go boat riding with a mask on. So you shouldn't have gone boat riding at all. I know it's tiring to stay at home, and we need some vacation once in a while, but as a doctor at least go to a place where you know you can have a piece of mind while wearing a mask and in a safe distance with others (avoid being in a crowd). Everyone makes mistakes, I wish you learn from this lesson and not to repeat it again in the future.
Why isn't this on your main channel if you really mean it and want to accept responsibility for your mistake?
Mike could've said nothing and just stayed quiet about all this. Even though this apology wasnt the best, at least he owned up to his mistake instead of trying to hide it. I admit that what he did was irresponsible and wrong, but that doesnt mean that he is a bad person or a bad doctor. Every person make mistakes sometimes, whether they're big or small, people make mistakes. And sometimes they need forgiveness and a second chance. Like seriously. I havent met a person who has their mask over their nose 100% of the time.
Hi Doc, I really can’t get enough of your face and all about you. I just really can’t. 😍 But  here’s my question, I know you are working out, apparently your body shows. Have you ever tried mixing whey protein powder together with Casein? And if not, What happen if someone does it? Thanks I’ll wait. ❤️
Why was this a big deal. No need for an apology. I mean yes hes a hypocrite but who cares, he was not positive for covid am i right ?
Y’all need to get off this mans ass. He literally lives alone what’s the problem if he gets Covid?
Ok, I don't know the full situation, nor do I care to know. From the video it appears you were on a boat party and people are cutting you down for it. Forget them!! You are young, healthy, and you followed all the guide lines. I actually respect you more for being human and not some idol on a pedestal that has to be perfect. We should be able to live our lives and have some fun too. I wonder how many people accusing you of being a hypocrite use their masks and follow all the guidelines 100% of the time. How many of them have been in a gathering of people without wearing masks because "We're with family/friends." You do you Doctor Mike. I appreciate you and all your videos! P. S. I found this video on your community page, I didn't hunt it down....
“attack me, don’t attack the science.”   yessir we will
I can’t believe how many hate comments there are, Dr. Mike is such an amazing influence on all of us, and I can’t believe he’s getting flamed for owning up to his mistakes. Do you know how easily he could’ve just not mentioned this entire boat story and kept this whole thing a secret, and not said a thing? Well no, he did, because he is a responsible, decent, and amazing individual. So instead of having a negative outlook toward this video, how about we appreciate the fact that he stood up for himself, and owned his own mistake. Let’s be honest, let’s say you have 7 million subscribers, and a big following. You’re not gonna chance ruining that because of a simple mistake you made, but guess what? He did just that, he put his entire following at risk while taking responsibility for his actions. Dr. Mike is an amazing role-model, and I think we can all learn a thing or two from his approach to situations. So to all of those people who are about to comment something negative about this video, think about how embarrassing this must’ve been for him, he had the guts to apologize, which says a lot. So please, grow up and realize what is ACTUALLY happening during the video. :)
Hey... it’s ok.  I think what this shows is the reality of the situation. Yes, we should wear masks and social distance... but also are humans that need connection and have been thrown off what regular life used to be. The rational thing isn’t to quarantine and avoid all contact, it’s finding ways where we can get back to some sort of normality.   NY and Cali had some of the most stringent covid policies, and look at the economic impact it had had with marginal difference in covid numbers. Why? Because people had private gatherings and still got covid.  So if we know humans have the propensity to do this, then the solution should be finding alternative ways to be safe and continue this. For example, rapid covid testing en masse for restaurants or parties.  Yes masks work, yes social distancing is effective... but in practicality we need to think of alternatives to fit with realistic human behaviour
Stop being such cooking pussies life must go on
everyone seriously needs to relax, Dr. Mike is an amazing man and doctor. he is human and he is apologizing, and these are HIS channels! he is in control, not you. if this is making you unsubscribe, you weren’t a real fan in the first place. he cares so much about people and he got tested before going. stop dictating what is right and wrong, you can’t say crap bc we have all made mistakes and will continue to make them.
it’s okay, C’mon. Massachusetts is taking of the law to wear masks and he stayed within guidelines. Some of them are illogical and contradicting too, and stayed safe anyway.
Ugh come yall, calm down, everyone screws up and he's not the exception, is not such a big deal
Dude I loved your content, I dont blame you for going out, because I have too (I'm not at risk and none other the people I come in contact with are either) but what I do blame you for is hiding it, and telling other people to stay inside, while going outside.
SMH everyone’s crying in the comments like little girls.
Non-story! Let my mans live a little, like damn.
Let people live.
Everyone is overreacting so much. Don't tell me you didn't go out at all during the whole duration of Covid? It was one occurrence. He is taking responsibility. Don't be dumb.
I'm very disappointed in you doctor Mike. Not only do you disable the like to dislike ratio knowing everything you said was bull and excuses, you also don't put this on your main channel, and were not even going to talk about your hypocrisy . My sister had to go through the thought process of, "My dad might die from this" because of covid and you do this?! She is only 10! No ten year old should have to think that. and we trusted you... all of your fans that have seen this have lost all trust in you, including me...and to think that you were a cause of my little sisters dad getting this makes me even more ashamed that I idolized you. your no sorry, your just sorry you go caught.
It's okayyyyy, You are an amazing human!!! Mistakes are normal!! don't be upset! <3
who gives a fuck what he did lmao. It's his business. Why don't you mind yours? Maybe some people don't want to triple mask hiding in their house like a paranoid recluse! lmao.
So this while situation become a "Do as I say not as I do" Nice to see he openly admits it and take responsibility for it.good for you man and thank you for the honest. And I hope your ok Doc.Mike.😷
I know im very late but.  Honestly, Its not really a big deal to me. He just didnt wear a mask? I dont think anyone got harmed since he wasn't sick at all, unless i didnt do research on who got sick and who didn't. By the way before you call ne a american who doesn't wear masks, I wear masks all the time and im mexican. Mike is obviously in the wrong, but this was 3 months ago and he harmed nobody.  Its ok mike, atleast for me.
The video, and even the title  just sounds off. It seems pretty performative. I think you were trying to give an explanation for what you did, but it was straying towards an excuse. People don't want a justification, they want you to understand the seriousness of what you did, especially with you being a doctor.  I get it, if you get a face to face invite to a party just for you, it's hard to decline. But you cannot preach all that you do and then not follow it. It's not 'do as I say not as I do'.  Please refrain from this behaviour, Mike, because I want to be able to look up to you again. You are genuinely one of my favourite people on youtube, but right now, pretty much all my respect for you has dissipated.   If you want us to respect you even a little bit again, then PLEASE put this up on your main channel. You are not admitting to your mistakes if you hide the video to stop people finding out.
Guys, he fucked up, yes. But, all this comments about "hE's oNLy aPoLoGiZiNg bEcAuSe hE gOt cAuGhT.", jeez don't we all do that? Yes, he fucked up (big time) and apologized, what else do you want him to do? Should he go back in time and change the past?
Everyone's struggling right now, okay? Give the man a break.
Guys, he’s a doctor! One of the hardest occupations on the planet! He deserves to have a little fun, doesn’t he?
Wtf? I feel like so many people are getting way to upset over this. He made a mistake - yes, a “mistake”. Not a huge world changing error. The guy was just trying to have a little fun after what was an extremely difficult year for everyone. He’s a *Doctor*. Don’t you think he, of all people, stays on top of his testing? Even if he put himself at risk, don’t you think he’s smart enough to not put anyone in major harms way? Not to mention that the party was people he knows, not some club full of strangers. There’s a different expectation of friends to be honest about if they think they might have COVID.  And if you think this *isnt* an apology then you need to redefine what you think is an apology. He owned up to what he did wrong, he laid out all the truths of the matter, and didn’t make a click bait title/thumbnail about it. Yeah, this is on a different channel than his main but guess what, he doesn’t own anyone an apology for something that wasn’t anyone else’s business. The fact that we got an apology at all is more than anyone deserved.   Everyone blew this way out of proportion.
So I found a pretty recent comment in newest first that was hearted, meaning Mike is at least somewhat active in reading these comments. Comment in question was a simple "I forgive him" and it received a heart. Wouldn't he be seeing all the criticism on how he's hiding this though? And he hasn't taken any of it into consideration?
if you see this that means he hasn't disabled the comments yet
How did you cope working night shifts when you first started?
mike why, why must you do this to yourself you have now tarnished me. When i saw ur name on that article i was like. 'Nah thats not our doctor mike' but it was true :( i dont even know what to say
I made a mistake like this as well so I understand you 👍
It's impressive how you claim to be a responsible family doctor, but instead of identifying yourself with this role, you just consider yourself '''a young, healthy adult, who lives alone". You know how to make hypocrisy crystalise, don't cha?
Guys chill
What's funny about the comment section is seeing people commenting and preaching about how mistakes are made and how to objectively identify them; and also, hypocrisy. The real question is, how many amongst these people have actually done something wrong or made a mistake and owned up to it? Also, I want to address those people who said that this is a justification video and not an apology video. You're the hypocrites. Comment if none of you actually had the urge to justify yourselves, especially when you know the truth behind false accusations. He has the right to clarify what had happened. It's his choice. He took accountability for what he did. Lastly, there's a rational reason why he posted it here and not on his main channel.
This is silly you don’t have to apologize for shit.
I forgive him.
I am seeing this a little late but Dr.Mike you have done so much with little time off. You deserved the brake. I personally don’t think this changes my opinion on anything I know masks work I know COVID is serious. Please don’t think taking you time while following all rules and regulations is a bad thing.
yall gotta stop cancelling him fr cancel culture is stupid
I think people are being a bit too harsh because simply because he's in the public eye, yes he made a mistake, he's human, he messed up. Person opinion is that the prolonged stress and isolation has made many people make these kinds of mistakes "I really need this to relax"   "if its just me it won't matter"   "I thought it was okay, the guide lines didn't say I couldn't", the stress being put on everyone is causing small bursts of rebellion in the name of mental health, I'm not saying that what he did wasn't a stupid idea, I'm just saying, that making this one bad decision shouldn't colour everyone's opinion so darkly, you'd probably be a bit upset or freak out if you made a mistake suddenly half the internet gets pissed at you
i didn't know this happened
I'm sorry dr mike but this should really have been on your main channel so people who didn't know what you did could know about it and be informed that" you made a mistake" i put quotations since i believe that this was just a dumb decision and not just a simple mistake . you have done what you advocated against so please know that you need take responsibility for this because people might use this to say they don't need to follow the precautions since a medical professional isn't doing so. I don't Know you but this apology video was more explaining than apology and yes i know having a full picture is almost always good but this video should have started with a straight up IM SORRY FOR MY ACTIONS AND I KNOW THAT IT COULD HAVE CAUSED HARM instead it started off with...that...it sounded like you were trying to excuse yourself and put yourself with hundreds of other people so you cant be seen well. I'm not going to push hate on you but I'm keeping this in the back of my mind and seeing that you are keeping the main channel going like nothing has happened is frustrating and really putting my of from being a neutral.
Every person in the comments who says that’s he’s a hypocrite, you better be damn sure that you have not slipped up once during this pandemic, because I bet you can’t honestly say that. The dude has been fighting this on the front lines and he’s on vacation and someone surprised him. Lighten up. It’s not like the guy committed murder. Lots of people aren’t staying home because of the pandemic, going out to eat, going to the beach, flying on planes for vacations. He screwed up and apologized what more do you want? This is a grown ass man who is more than capable of making decisions for himself.
I don’t care if you party on a boat, not wear a mask, or whatever. It’s your life. Your choices. Live everyday like it’s the end man. Don’t listen to the butthurt crowd. Keep doing you.
I valued your content, the serious and the silly. Just found this because it was buried away here, not linked to your main channel in any way. How disappointing..
Im so confused?? I thought everyone in the comments was being sarcastic, but I dont know who D'Angelo is or whats going on
interesting....the dislike/like ratio not shown anymore
Lame
Dr Mike you shouldn’t have to apologize to these people anyway because it’s your life and it’s your choice to go out and enjoy yourself instead of going insane from being stuck in isolation
Guys cmon yes he messed up but u still hating on him he has put positive correct info out since the start he messed up but you all saying this isn't sincere they are people who are having a go clearly aren't who he is aplogising too 1 thing and u break him down
Tbh i still respect you for your knowledges, Doctor Mike. There is nth wrong with a guy wanted to celebrate his special day as a guy off of work n have funs. i am sorry, doctor. i know this was two months ago. You could have been more sincere.
Wow. I JUST found out about this through a comment on FB. (A comment that has since been deleted apparently.) That picture of him is absolutely disgusting behavior after all he has said. And to not post this on your main channel?? Taking zero ownership and accountability.
No excuses. You’re a doctor. You should 1,000,000% know better. I’m highly disappointed in you.
I’m legitimately wondering if I should follow the guidelines you kept pushing on us now. Makes me wonder: is the right wing actually CORRECT somehow? Should we take this seriously? I looked up to you and now I’m doubting the severity of this whole situation  Edit: I’m back a year later and now I’m like I honestly don’t care anymore. He does a good job of spreading good advice and he does deserve some sort of break after all the stuff he does lmao. Could’ve done it after the pandemic but I don’t care, I’m starting to get tired of this Covid stuff
You know what fuck it man you’ve saved hella life’s throughout this pandemic ain’t nun wrong for you to have a little bit of fun
You know how many ppl have been having social gatherings greater than 10? Gatherings posted on Facebook advertising more ppl to show up or private messages between family members and friends... dr mike made a mistake but so have so many many ppl during COVID. Have we forgotten the protests or break ins around the world? That other people aren’t following guidelines knowingly. Dr mike looked into it and was surprised for his birthday this was not planned by dr mike nor did he intentionally mis understand information. he himself looked into the guidelines to give himself peace of mind that was he was doing wasn’t putting his loved ones at risk or wrong. He thought he was okay. Was he wrong yeah but is anyone perfect no. It doesn’t make him any less of a doctor or any less of a human being. I’ve seen people ignore protocols and safety guidelines. I know people who refused to wear a mask and put others a risk. Who decided to party, drink from the same beer cans as each other, have large social gatherings of more than 20ppl. Did I attend no because I knew about it before hand and the information I had told me it wasn’t okay. Dr mike did not know about it before hand and the information he had told him he was good to go. Let’s not pretend no one else is breaking protocol or ignoring guidelines. It’s not right to do but he certainly isn’t the only human who made a mistake during COVID 19.
The risk assessment is fundamentally flawed and self-centered because yes you might be fine but who do you put at risk.   You come across as a hypocrite.   What is the risk for the patients that you see, the other Healthcare workers that you come into contact with, the patients who see your behavior and decide they can do whatever.
I used to really like you and had so much respect for you and then you did this. That’s not an apology, all you did was make excuses for your behaviour. You are a doctor, you don’t get to excuse not following safety guidelines. Shame on you
You live alone but who knows how many hundreds of patient you see in your clinic , be responsible enough to practice what you preach . Now time to move on and learn from the mistakes.
Thank you for apologizing. Although you are in the public eye and a doctor, you are also human. Your microexpressions when talking during the unscripted parts show you are legitimately sincere in your apology. It's clear you care very deeply for human beings and you had a lapse in judgement. We have all been climbing the walls during this pandemic and having a lapse in judgement is something that happens. I don't know anyone who hasn't had one.
Don’t worry man, if the people we elect can do it, so can you!
I only found out about this now. To not regurgitate what everyone else is saying except to say that I'm disappointed. Other then that, Im curious how many subscribers he lost to his main channel?
bruh cringe
Jeez, you dont have to apologize for living your life. You just were with family and friends, i hate when people feel they can judge a public image.
Disappointing
There are no words for the anger and disappointment we're all feeling. You, a medical professional who has reached out urging us to stay safe and obey guidelines, went partying during a pandemic. And this "apology"? It's not even on your main channel, and the like to dislike ratio is disabled. This isn't how you apologize. This isn't how you act during a pandemic, especially when you're a medical professional. I'm here from D'Angelo Wallace's video, like many others, and I'm at a loss for words right now. What you did was wrong, and I don't care how many comments we all have to leave before you notice. This wasn't okay. This will never be okay.
Ok daddy
Lol why didn't you put this on your "bigger" channel?? Where this would reach more ppl.
you apologize was really mindful..........we learn a lot from you, hope you don't forget that every successful person has got a leg pulling.....stay positive and move ahead ..
my comment was deleted wasn't it  smh dr mike
Idc if he went on a boat. Yall stop thinking the cdc is absolutely correct about everything. Be critical of what big media tells you.
OH. MY. GOD. THIS. IS. STILL. GOING?
Guys I get it, he messed up. He did things he shouldn’t have. But you heard him. He thought that if he did his research and thought it would be ok. Obviously it wasn’t but you shouldn’t make him feel worse than he already does. He feels terrible for what he did. But he said he’s trying to do better. All we can do help him along the way. No need for bashing.
The most honest, heartfelt apology I have ever heard! Thank you Doctor Mike. But I truly feel that simply because you are in the public eye, doesn't mean you didn't take all the precautions you did!!!
Don't apologize for living, we can't be so afraid of death that we sacrifice the limited life we have.
So disappointing.
What's so infuriating about this "apology" video is how manipulative it is.  Fine, ppl make mistakes and I agree a single mistake shouldn't ruin all the effort and work he's put in to get the success he has on Youtube; BUT, instead of bringing up these protocols and  laws to show that he's *borderline* staying within the law, why can't he just simply apologize and let that be it for the video? I find these "fact checks" and "Point of Clarity" he put in the description so utterly unnecessary and ironic of the whole purpose of apologizing. It's like he's still trying to win. The whole video just made him seem so childish and stubborn, its frustrating and disappointing to watch. Even just the title of the video, "Admitting that I'm wrong"? wtf? Just put "I'm wrong" doc.
I am very sorry Doctor, I really really like you, but this apology is not it. The second half of the video is decent, because you actually take responsability, but the first half is just excuses. In order to make things right, you should make another apology video, even a shorter one, taking full responsability and saying you will try and do better, posting it on your MAIN channel. Show us you're better than this.
The downfall of being a public image. People see your flaws the second you start being a human.😥💔
The least you could have done is put a mask on and keep social distancing. You are a doctor, so your wayy more educated than us about the virus, this is quit disappointing
Lol if he was safe about it and didn't endanger anyone other than himself then it's fine. Just cause he's famous doesn't mean he needs to be perfect.
SMH. i had a hunch this guy was too perfect - famous, handsome, smart, rich, charismatic. i was right. it seems that "influencer" and "trustworthy" just dont mix together. Remember to always walk your talk, Dr. Mike. Good luck regaining people's trust
I still don't know why people are calling you terrible and a hypocrite.  I mean, I can see the hypocritical side, but as you said, you made a mistake. Along with that mistake, you are owning up for your actions. I agree this would have been better on your main channel. However, I can guarantee you, a high majority of the people bashing you are probably being hypocrites just by calling you one. Now, people, hate on me as you please, I am standing beside Dr. Mike.
hahahahah i dont blame you Mike, you just wanna live your life , I understand it, but for optics sake and to keep up your influencer personality and please these people below you gotta wear the mask everywhere you go LOL just cut a small hole right through the middle and shove food / drink through it, its worth it , this gig pays better than doctoring
So all the stuff you’ve been telling us is bs now? Don’t apologize for the boat, apologize for being a hypocrite. That’s the issue most of us have. I like you, I like your channel and this doesn’t change that, but nobody else is downplaying covid near as much as you did with your hypocrisy. Maybe a run for political office is in your future. You didn’t make a mistake by getting on the boat. You made a mistake by telling the rest of us not to, and then doing exactly what you told us we can’t do, and that makes you the same as every other odious little hosehead in Washington, in your hometown, at work, in your neighborhood, or in your family getting caught doing the same thing. Had you apologized for that, I think you’d have gotten a much better response.
Guys he fucked up, he is young and does stupid things even though he is a Doctor. He isn't perfect. He did something that he shouldn't have because he is in the limelight and because he is in the medical profession.  That being said, he is right about all the other things. The population he was with on that boat were not at a high risk, they were young fit and healthy, and as he said (if being honest) he did the testing and distancing after before returning back and risking those who would be at higher risk. This whole thing is complicated, yes the mask thing does help some as does distancing, but we are a country that ISN'T HEALTHY to start and that is our major problem. It mostly effects those who are much older and those who are overweight/obese (outside of general random instances that is with anything) and those two groups have already lowered immune systems because of their situations and are the majority of the countries population. Yes corona is real, but we need to know more than just yelling at people such as in this instance, its not as simple as "wear a mask" and it fixes everything, especially when we already have serious health issues we ignore every day that kill just about as many (obesity being one of the biggest) and we aren't yelling at people to fix that because it "doesn't effect" someone else, except it DOES effect others especially impressionable children that grow up with this health problem because of the horrible role models around them. Take better care of yourself to start before getting pissed at someone like this over a mistake, if you are yelling at him for not wearing a mask and you are sitting back there unhealthy before the whole corona virus thing then you should honestly shut the fuck up to start, if you can't even take care of yourself then you can't get pissed at some YouTube personality for making a mistake.  So yes, he fucked up, but we still need to remember he is another human that does make stupid mistakes, and he does come back and apologize even though he OWES YOU NOTHING. He puts out information generally to help people, isn't some scam bullshit like many others, and typically is just trying to help.
Well it's the life you chose, being a media celebrity comes with scrutiny and high accountability... you will be loved and hated, but that should never change the kind hearted person you are... you will receive more love than hate and you will help more people than the one or two mistakes you will make... you will be remembered for your message and it will make an impact. I feel like the comments are really unfair towards you... but that's just how life is... stay happy and stay healthy 😊
Merci Docteur,mais prochaine fois eviter la situation!Dieu vous benit!
Just admit that you’re only doing propaganda for the Corona measures and that you know that it’s not as dangerous as you claim.
not him deleting comments... smh
use the like button below as a replacement for the dislike in the actual video...
It must be really hard spending hours deleting and filtering out comments! i can't even relate 😊. And if you delete my comment, it obviously proves my point
**Someone said this and i couldn't agree more : we shouldn't IDOLIZE people including Drs, men aren't without faults and therefore cannot be perfect ****  you should mind your own business, ffs who are you to judge him? GOD? I m sure if u had the amount of money he has and go under the stress he goes thru every day you will do the same thing.  He lives alone so he thought he won't infect anybody IF HE got infected, he will follow quarantine's protocol and etc.. So of course he won't be working so no human interaction,so Why you mad? Yesss he is in fact a HUMAN BEING, drs aren't perfect, how many times did u see a pneumologue telling you not to smoke but HE s a  smoker. That's the same thing for God's sake, his role as a Dr is to be an influencer and influence people to do good but what He didn't know that he will get caught and that it will affect his credibility as an influencer.  We are in the middle of a pandemic and what? He was on a PRIVATE boat get the f out of his life. BTW i know lots of drs that do that too, his only fault that it got on social media  So yes he makes mistakes.  Mind your own f business and of course he won't be telling this apology on his main channel cz he will loose his credibility you're horrible people  I didn't step out of my house for a sec during the beginning of quarantine and yes he did something wrong but forget about it no need to hate, the past is in the past . To hate a Dr that did more good to people than you will ever do is really disgusting ❤️
Go back and study for another degree. Because it seems like being a medical "professional", is something you are incapable at.
You are all lairs doc.....you, CDC and WHO.....I know you are sad but it's all gone now. Covid cases are decreasing and this is no longer a pandemic.
If you truly want to be honest and transparent, post a real apology video on your main channel. Not this justification trash but an actual apology. Yes, docs are people too and make mistakes, but you know what you did wasn't a mistake but an extremely poor and selfish choice. There's a big difference, don't pretend you don't know or that your viewers don't know it. I'm glad you've tested negative several times. That's good news for your patients and the random people that come into your vicinity whenever you're out and about. But that doesn't excuse your behavior or the fact that despite being on a boat at less than 50% capacity (allegedly), you weren't wearing masks or staying 6ft apart like you were supposed to. You know that not wearing a mask thing that you pulled from the CDC site was for actually being in the water...swimming, not for being on a boat. You know what you did wrong wasn't about the optics or "impact" of your trip but that fact that it happened in the first place. It was a bad decision and you know this. So, say so and do so on your main channel. Otherwise, you look like a disingenuous coward lacking empathy and care for others. I mean, if that's actually the case, then well, now we know your character.
You have to think about the impact? Why didn’t you think about it before you went on that boat! Being sorry isn’t enough when people including myself as a nurse who has worked through this whole pandemic you should be ashamed of yourself. Your actions should be questioned not just as a human within society but as a medical professional. We are all trained to make coherent, logical and ethical decisions each day when looking after other people’s lives. You should be struck off. Disgraceful
You have nothing to apologize for.
Everybody is partying during the lockdown, one guy from youtube is doing it, and everybody is posting how bad that is...
Why the fuck everyone is blaming him . U make ur own decision to watch he did nothing to you . Tried his best worked hard shame on you all . You not forced to watch him 😒 .
I dont understunt this hate at all. On the end of the day his channel is DOCTOR Mike so he will teach his audience about what is good and what is not but this... this was his personal live. Look at your lives first and then hate else for god sake.
why r there so many negative comments here ? It's okay, we r just highlighting his one mistake and forgetting all the efforts that he did for us. Other then that, he is wearing mask everywhere and what he did was not a sin it's a mistake.....stay calm 😊
Wtf! Why are people hating Dr. Mike??? You all should be mad at those who try to be cool and take their masks off at the mall or say that covid doesn't exist and stuff like that.  This pandemic is really draining and sometimes you need to vent a little or you will go crazy. He did enerything as the rules say and even if he did something that he shouldn't have done, he acted responsibly about it!
Wait hold on I am confused if he is saying he was fallowing cdc guidelines we does he need to apologize because that would mean he did nothing wrong               Unless he didn’t fallow them
Doctor Mike your credibility has sink to the bottom of Miami's shore. You've gone from an ethical physician to just another good looking influencer.
Doctor Mike how can anyone believe you are sincere in your apology when you A) Manipulate the CDC guidelines to your benefit (Water activity includes actually being the water ie. Swimming. Not being on a yacht with 20 other people) and B) hide this video from your hugely influential main channel? This tells me that your bottom line is more important than the safety of your audience. Thats very sad and disappointing coming from an ex-fan.
I expected better from you.
Yeah yeah 🙄
You are Ridiculous
I think people are missing one important point. DR Mike is a character, in a YouTube show. He is not Mikhail, a 30 year old man, Young, with friends, family and his own personal Life. Is  it right what he did? Absolutely not. But it's not content for YouTube. As a public figure te should mirror what Dr Mike is. But puting these two personas aside he is in fact doing a great job. Educating people, bringing information and good advice. So Dr, I say you keep the good job you doing But as a public person take in consideration the impact of your actions in personal matters. Still... Thanks for great content
CAP Not even okay. As a weightlifting coach who can't even come close to imagining the wealth you have... all I see is someone who thinks he is so far above others. How apathetic of you, it is truly appalling
Wow this is filled with hate comments Chile ATLEAST he admitted he was wrong
Hypocrite!
Dr mike. If you truly want to own up to your misktakes, put what you did and a better apology on your main chanel. I had to learn about this through a youtube search "dr mike coronavirus " when trying to use your guidence to guide others. I feel like you could be more up front about this.
trash and insincere apology :p
Post this on your main channel at least..
He suddenly became ugly. You saying a lot but you ain't saying much 😑
As a fellow health care worker, you sir, are a disgrace to all of us. You don't even have the guts to post this on your main channel where you have over six million more subs. While it is true that you aren't forced to post it there, as your number one bodyguard-simp stated in the comments multiple times, you should have. Just so every single one of your subs or regular viewer sees it. Just to actually make an apology out of this.   This was a lukewarm "sorry I got caught" kind of apology I'd expect from a high school bully. Not from a grown man, who's a medical "professional" on top. Yes, you are a human. Yes, humans make mistakes. But making all these calculated decisions and throwing the risks out of the window, basically, feels like a tap on the nuts... With a spiked baseball bat.   You know, I was among the people who respected you. I was someone who looked up to you. No more.  And to your lackey defending you like he wants you to make hot love to him: every single health care worker is "deserving of a break". You think doctors have it hard? Try working in a nursery home. Try being a nurse. It's far more stressful than being the kind of doctor that he is. I'm not saying his job isn't hard or stressful, I'm just saying we have it even worse. People have seen their loved ones die through glass and straight up couldn't be with them at all in their last moments. While this hypocritical POS takes a trip to Miami to have a nice party with his friends. Awesome. People aren't mad because he made a "mistake", rather a successive chain of mistakes he knew were mistakes, though he just didn't care. People don't think he doesn't deserve a break. We are mad and disappointed because he's a goddamn hypocrit. So stop pretending he's above all with your "he's-holier-than-thou"-bullshit.   He condemned people for months for doing what he also did. I bet you were among the first to condemn these people, too. But suddenly, because it's the oh so respectable Doctor Mike it's alright? Grow up, mate. He's not gonna make love to you because you're licking his boots, you know. Also, having almost seven million subs doesn't make him more respectable or better than other people. Like, what even is that arguement. This video has barely a a quarter of views compared to subs on his main channel. The reason he gains subs and still has so many is because of worshippers like you and people who don't know. Seriously, you need to go see a doctor and get your brain checked if you think having a lot of YouTube subs is a justification for anything. He's a hypocrit and nothing you nor his other worshippers say will change that fact. Imagine thinking he actually feels sorry. Amateur.  So, I will not be replying to any comments. Not because I'm scared, Mikey-simpy boy, but because I said everything I wanted to say here and on Reddit. Have and nice day.  PS: Yes, I mean you deejrdee1.
I really liked you man. Why couldn't you just have put this on your main channel. It wouldn't have been a big deal. People make mistakes sometimes. Being a doctor doesn't make you superhuman. By saying "the impact of my trip" you aren't taking full responsibility either.
Trashy
This is so disappointing. You have no idea. Unfollowing. And never admiring anyone ever again lmao.
Dude... I’ve lost all respect for u, I actually thought u weren’t like the other influencers, welp, time to unsubscribe from ur main channel and this one I guess.
hiding the dislike bar, not posting on main channel and trying to justify something obviously wrong. ya can do better man, just stop being shady
My family just buried my uncle who shouldn't have had to die from COVID, we didn't get to say goodbye and had to watch his funeral on a laptop. His dog will never understand why he left and never came home. He sat for weeks in a portable freezer box because of the overloaded morgues. I'm isolated and depressed and I miss my friends. We thought we could trust you.
It’s his life why do you guys even care? Like he can do what he wants, if he goes to Miami on a boat how’s that better or worsen ur life if u life across the country??
This should be on your main channel.
I understand the apology. He messed up. There’s really nothing he can do about it. If he made a bad decision he made a bad decision, but I’m not going to let this affect the way I see him as a person because we as humans all do stupid things. Yes he is a medical professional and he should know better, but at the end of the day, it was nothing more than an error. It’s not like he’s going out every day and refusing to wear a mask. I think this apology was sufficient and I see no need to shame him any further.
Okay man, go have a fun yacht party, I don’t really care. But you know it’s not serious, just like Newsom and Cuomo  who violated their own rules, so stop lying
I graduated in quarantine. I celebrated my 21st in quarantine. I started vet school in quarantine. You have no excuse, and this is hardly an apology.
He litteraly stoped couting the dislikes. What a self confident, arrogant coward. He thinks he has it all. But he is lonely
Why here and not on the main chanel? Thats poor!
This is probably just my anxiety/trust issues (I trust easily enough where it can harm me) talking but I just found this out and don't find it too bad.  Like it's bad but not as bad as people say.  He weighed the pros and cons of a trip and he's a doctor so he was constantly working throughout the pandemic, everyone needs a break for their mental health.  He decided the risks weren't too bad and went knowing if any harm was done it'd be to himself and he'd quarantine and treat himself properly, as a doctor he knows how bad that risk is.  I didn't see any images or videos from this supposed yacht trip either but he followed the law perfectly.  There are thousands of people doing this every day, breaking mask laws but he didn't do that.  The reason he is getting all this hate is because of he is well known as a doctor, but he's still a human who makes bad decisions in the hope of some satisfaction.  Also I think it is bad this was posted on his second channel but maybe he wanted to keep his main channel clear for proper content?  Idk, either way is I'm kinda on the fence since I don't really have it in me to be upset since I know I could probably do something just as stupid.  He's handling it instead of ignoring the issue and I know if I was him I'd just have an anxiety attack and never talk about it again but he seems to be trying so give him a chance ig
He's only saying this because he got caught! Won't be listening to him again.
This sounds like a whole lot of excuses and not an apology. Honestly the disappointment is unreal.
Honestly I'm really disappointed. You're a certified doctor who told everyone to stay safe and social distance during this pandemic yet you were on a yacht partying. Honestly I might lose my respect towards you
Why is this “apology” (justification) in your secondary not as popular youtube channel then.
Hi Sir how are u?
If you were really sorry you would post this on your main channel
It's not even funny how much this behavior coming from you is egregious and appalling. You knew better. Bottom barrel behavior.
I hope you'll do something that take people respect back
I hope you'll do something that take people respect back
I won't judge to early cause ik everyone made mistakes...I always watched your video cause I learned from it and I hope you'll escape this issue asap
Its normal to make mistakes you had been careful and stressed this whole time and it was a gift it probably happend you know everyone makes mistakes and it was good for you to  apologize I hope no one got infected
What a bummer. I really like Dr. Mike, too.
Dr. Mike, this is textbook example of “Don’t apologize to the mob”   You did what you thought was best with the information you had and you took whatever risk you wanted in a free society.   Good for you, and screw all the people acting morally superior.
Hello doctor mike  I really like your videos  It is because of you I have wanted to be a doctor and all I want to say is that as long as you admitted your mistake and are now trying to follow all the rules by wearing a mask everywhere , not partying then it is all good I still love your work and this video has not tarnished your image even a little bit   Hope you stay safe and follow all the guidlines With regards, Viraj
Hes still deleting comments on his main channel
I’ll tell u what an acceptable mistake revolving COVID is that I made. I left the house to go the shop and forgot my mask. Here’s how I resolved that problem. I went back to my house, put my mask on and carried on abt my business. Y’know what isn’t an acceptable mistake revolving COVID? Going to a Yacht party where tons of ppl are, no social distancing, no masks or masks worn incorrectly and then going on to lie abt and manipulate facts in order to justify ur dangerous hypocrisy.   Btw, I had my 18th bday last May, completely quarantined and I had a fantastic time thanks to my family.
Ooh no ... not you too Dr.Mike 😕☹️
bro, youre a tool.  as the partner of a doctor ive always seen right through you but come on babe, this was tacky.  you chose to get money using this platform that puts you in the public eye and that comes with its own set of changes.  and to then post this apology on your second channel.  grow up.
I don't even know what to think about this. He seemed like a really passionate genuine guy. I get it, it was legal, you followed the guidelines and did your best to be safe. But you are a doctor. And you have a big platform. You have to lead by example and this is not a good one. Especially if you are seeing patients whilst mixing with others. He's human, he made a mistake, it happens. But this was a bad time and a bad mistake, he needs to do better. So I guess we will see.
The fact that you decided to post this on your second channel just makes it so much worse your trying to avoid telling people your mistake its not even a mistake  your a doctor you should know best out of everyone not to do this.
This is not an apology, dude's just making EXCUSES. Gross. I had never heard of him before and hope to never again. I'll click not-interested if he comes up on my youtube recs. PS....(petty warning) his shirts are too small and he seems to it looks hot but it very doesn't.
U were one of the only people on social media that i trusted during this pandemic and entertained us, but seeing what you're real side is  just makes me upset. This is hipocracy at its best when u make hundreds of videos about covid and how people r not following the guidelines while u r in a yacht, partying, no masks, not social distancing not even with a limited no. of people...specially being a doctor, and on top of all that u are coward enough to not even post this on your main channel...im dissapointed that i got to know about all this from another youtuber and not u yourself. Also i cant be subscribed to u anymore as  i feel betrayed.
LEAVE DR. MIKE ALONE! HE IS NOT A HYPOCRITE! HE IS A GOOD MAN AND A GOOD DOCTOR! ITS NOT  HIS FAULT THAT YOU BELIEVE THAT DOCTORS SHOULD BE GODS. THEY ARE HUMANS LIKE US AND MAKE MISTAKES SOMETIMES. HE MADE A MISTAKE AND APOLOGIZED FOR IT. ENOUGH OF THIS HATRED ON THE INTERNET!!! DOCTOR MIKE I HOPE THAT  THE NEGATIVE COMMENTS DIDN'T DISAPPOINT YOU TOO MUCH.  GREETINGS FROM BULGARIA!
How dare you
Should I unsubscribe from doctor mike
I think this stuff happens when popularity goes straight to your head. It’s sort of discouraging to see a well educated doctor not being capable of making sound decisions in a situation where the wrong choice can impact everyone.
I've always looked up to you and it breaks my heart to watch this. I've listened to you intently even before covid. I never wanted to believe that someone I respect so much could do something like this. I do understand the temptation, but seriously dude. Boat party in Miami? And as a loyal subscriber, I only find out about this from a video on my feed talking about it? Even disregarding the excuses for a second, I couldn't even find this video, I had to search for it. If you truly want to apologize and reconcile, if you truly want forgiveness, why not put this where we can see it? I get not wanting to make this a big thing but it already is, so treat it like one. I never understood the people who still blindly loved celebrities who did awful things, but I'm starting to understand it now. I never wanted to believe the people saying you did this and I came here ready to defend you, but I just can't. As much as this is an egregious error, I will still choose to give you another chance. I won't forgive you, not just yet, but I can just hope that your willingness to change is real. I still don't believe this is a sufficient apology, as you never really apologized for what you actually did wrong, but I can just hope that you correct this and never betray us like this again. No matter who you are, just stay the hell inside. You're already a frontline healthcare provider in New York for god's sake! You see more at-risk people or just people in general in a day than I have all year! Step up. Do better.
I began following you from when you had less than 500k subscribers, I trusted you and support you. To say I was shocked when I first heard this from D'Angelo Wallace is an understatement. I hope you can address this properly on your main channel. Unsubed as of now.
I don’t understand why people are so upset by this, he went on a boat after looking up guidelines and following them
Dr. Mike did NOT ask his friends to get him a boat.  Who here has ever been surprised on their birthday?  Would you feel like a giant d*** if you didn't go along with the surprise? Yeah, and you would be one too!   Especially if Dr. Mike's risk level is what he says it is. He's just a person, and even though I'm not a fan of the channel (I've pretty much only watched his reaction meme videos), y'all gotta cut him some slack. Even as someone who is at high personal risk, I've stepped out of my covid bubble twice now for the sake of my mental health (and sometimes a party is good for that). Have pride in being able to stay alone for as long as some of you have, but don't be merciless towards people who haven't.  And which of you isn't the slightest bit of a hypocrite?   Just because he is an influencer or whatever doesn't give you the right to put him on a witch hunt. With people like y'all on the internet, no wonder he posted it on a clips channel. Stop expecting ordinary people to be perfect or completely non-hypocritical.
...it's sad but Dr. Mike is human. Its shitty but he is HUMAN. He made a bad choice. I hope he didn't do more of this. If it was a one off it isn't good but doesn't make him bad.
Let's be honest if it wasn't for D'Angelo half of us wouldn't be here.  I actually had to zoom into the pictures to see if it was really you! Then we get this weak apology, on a channel I didn't know existed with the dislikes turned off? Not cool man!😕😕🚮🚮🚮🚮
You all need to get off it. The man made a mistake, he's only human! I subscribe to his main channel not this one and it still popped up when I opened YouTube he's not a coward. You all need a life!!
At this point i am just disappointed maybe there is no reason to like any influencer cause they are all trash the game just is to much for them to Handel so they think they can do anything they want but guess what you all still are normal human beings with the only difference being you are rich and you are fame and all this doesn’t make any better then me or anyone else and I say that being a pretty narcissistic person my self
I still respect Dr Mike, I mean I was disappointed that he did something he’s been preaching us not to do, BUT this one bad deed compared to the amount of good he does... I’ll take it. Lesson learned I’m sure.
I found this out from d’angelo wallace and was shocked. I expected james charles and even the d’amelios to do this kinda thing cause they are uneducated (in terms of the actual impact of the virus) but you? That was the greatest shock. And the fact that u cant even apologise directly saying oh ye it was fine but the impact was bad is even worse. Ppl have lost loved ones, ppl are bloody dying. You’re a doctor, you’re a hypocrite and most importantly you’re just like all the other influencers who when it rlly cones down to it Dont care
lol  never gonna go to you for any medical help when you cant even follow the rules during a pandemic
yeah guys we should totally barrage a guy not wearing a mask on the internet instead of doing other shit #firstworldproblems
it takes 20 years to build a reputation and 5 minutes to ruin it - Warren Buffet Doesn't look rehearsed at all
You know, I don’t care what you other people think but people do make mistakes plus he did follow guidelines but yes he made a mistake. EVERYONE MSKES MISTAKES EVEN DOCTORS!!! I’ve also seen people say that he used himself as the victim when he said to use him as the target, invalidate him, but not to invalidate the science and other doctors. Also half the people making videos about this and posting on social media are a lot of the same people accusing him of fatphobia and fat shaming. In my eyes he deserves a second chance.
As a medical student who have even lost someone due to the Covid-19, this is so disappointing and disgusting. ‘Mistake’ yea right 😏
This just lets you know not even he believes this bullshit. Lol 😂 he obviously wasn’t scared enough of COVID to go out without a mask... he’s a dr so what does that tell you?? He never believed it was dangerous enough for him. He was using COVID to get views guys. Don’t believe the weirdos and do your dd
The fact you posted this apology on this channel highlights that despite your apology you still care more about yourself and how you're perceived than the lives you've put at risk and the lie you've lived. You are the kind of doctor who is in the profession for status not because of wanting to make a positive  difference  You are a shameless coward.
He is not even wearing a mask right now
y i k e s
You are fine. We are all human and we all allow ourselves to have a good time anyone saying otherwise is either a liar or has NO life AT ALL. You work your ass off and save ppl for a living. You went on a boat with your friends. This shit is depressing. It wouldn't have had an impact if your "friends" wouldn't have posted it. You don't deserve the amount of hate you got.
Oh my gosh I am so mad that you didn’t even admit any of this on your main channel! I think the problem is that even if you are okay with the risk, the other people going to your party might not be evaluating the risk as well as you are.
Why are you apologizing?!? People if you're that scare stay home!!! Doctors should enjoy their life too. Don't apologize!!!!
You are so fake.
Bunch of judgement fools commenting on here. Get out and live your lives!!!
It’s ok people make mistakes some are big and some are even bigger and no one can say that they haven’t made a mistake or a horrible mistake
If a doctor- a FAMILY PHYSICIAN- can't even have the foresight and genuine decency to follow his own fucking advice and not attend an event like this then we really have no hope. You've completely discredited yourself and your message. And! to add insult to injury, you posted it on your secondary channel to minimise backlash. Disgusting.
Querido dr Mike, su disculpa es aceptable, todos hemos tenido nuestras subidas y bajadas en esta pandemia.  Una persona que dice lo siento, es lo máximo!! Gracias!!! I’ve seen other videos and they are so much fun so from one old scorpio to a young Scorpio lol keep up the good work!!!
Fame and celebrity went for a trip on the hypocrisy train. Unsubscribed from your channel.  My partner is a Dr and what you did destroys  what medical people are trying to do as far as informing the population about COVID-19 and keeping them safe. Young man you have a lot to learn about being humble.
This is a strange situation huh? He's clearly in the wrong but not taking full accountability for it.  However, I understand why he posted it in a second channel instead, as it's more important that the medical ideas he spreads aren't undermined by his bad decisions.  It's pretty clear that he was dragged into being a bad person for a week in Florida and that doesn't excuse that either; don't go to Florida.  But it's also clear now that he's a human that makes mistakes.  Hopefully most people who see this won't see it as justification to go do whatever they want. On the other hand, there are things you can do with other people that are low risk that Dr Mike stood firmly against. Go do those things. Sorry Dr Mike, but it's pretty clear there's overkill with covid response. Mask parties, me and my friends rent out theaters for social distanced movies. Go hiking. Do some outdoor stuff or whatever. Don't let Mike's bad decision allow incredibly bad decisions, just realise that there is more grey area than he's willing to say on camera- this disease could sneak through any precaution you take, but it also has a low chance of doing so, if you're smart about it.  Just don't follow his example clearly.
You are trying to claim that you made a mistake. If you really wanna improve you image, stop being a coward, put your big boy pants on, and post this to your main channel. I went to your videos when I was demotivated, disheartened, and downright upset. I looked up to you as a tween because of your positive impact. Please, it’s been a month but, do the right thing. Prove to everyone that you made a stupid choice. This is what dumb 16 year old Tik-Tockers do. Not a doctor. I found out about this video because of Def Noodles. I should’ve received the notification from your channel. The Dr. Mike channel.  Own up to what you have done. Be a man. Do the right thing.
doctor mike imagine your patients seeing this. they can't even trust their own doctor anymore :(
i want to forgive you so bad man. if you are seeing these comments please, i’m literally begging you to make a better, more formal apology and post it on your main channel because this just doesn’t cut it. some of the things stated in this video are flat out untrue and were exposed in d’angelo wallace’s video. like i said i really really want to forgive you... i don’t think you’re a bad guy by any means, you just made a mistake. we’re humans and we all make mistakes. but this apology isn’t it. i need to hear more genuine words from you, doctor mike. i’m disappointed.
Came from dangelo Wallace to say you’re a fucking disgrace
There’s something so poisonously ironic about making an apology titled “Admitting when I’m wrong” and then proceeding to turn off likes/dislikes, put the video on a tiny second channel, and barely taking responsibility in the video. Especially since this is the same person who called out other medical professionals for tweeting wishing the (now former) president of the United States harm.
Super disappointed in you dude
telling them to do better then cancel people...
Yeah right you’re just sorry you got caught is all. The typical do as I say not as I do. I should’ve known something was up when I’ve seen plenty people say the importance of wearing a mask and not touching it. YOU had a video where you showed what goes down at work and you showed footage touching and adjusting your mask at least three times. Your staff touched her mask twice. I commented what’s up with you touching your mask in the comment section and you or anyone ever addressed it.  When I work I make a conscience effort to only touch my mask if I have to eat or drink. Out of an eight hour shift I only touch my mask a maximum of 4 times and it’s with rubber gloves, NEVER my hands. I hope your fame was worth sacrificing your morals. Or at least all the people you saved in your career was worth putting others at risk.
Disingenuous. To think I believed you were a sound voice of reason during these times. Sad.
As a fellow healthcare worker, this is a slap in the face. Absolutely disgusted.
Why didn't you tell us your smaller channel? I'm legitimate shock about this... I'm about to search your channel and then I found out that ypu had this channel? Why didn't you tell your fans? Can someone tell me what's the ruckus here? I'm a bit outdated....
You’re great Dr mike . I know you’re honest .
Mike, more like hypocrike, am I right? *What did I just say...*
what a phony quack.
Jeez I wonder why he didn’t post this on his main channel
I feel like a big hard slap in my face. You did have a chance to refuse to gather and did it virtually and said apology to your friends. Also, you are a doctor. I know we are human and make mistakes but this mistake is serious. It reflects and makes other people think that Covid 19 is a hoax and everything is set up. You did not only ruin your reputation but also leave a bad message for others who did trust in you. Well, a big life lesson and hope you learnt it.
I'm honestly so disappointed in you. Because you of all people should know the risks that come with "going out". Even if you did check the guidelines, that doesn't change the fact that you are a hypocrite. It was a choice, Mike. You let us down by not following or staying true to your words. *YOU SAID YOU'LL BE HONEST BUT YOU POSTED THIS VIDEO ON AN UNKNOWN YOUTUBE CHANNEL. IF YOU DID FEEL GUILTY ABOUT THIS, YOU WOULD'VE ADDRESSED IT ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL. But YOU DIDN'T, because you're afraid that you'll ruin your "Good handsome doctor image". Money and fame really does change people.*
why is this only posted on the less viewed second channel..? coward
Thanks for the apology. I don’t think it was necessary, but thank you. The people putting you down and continuing to put you down after you apologize are at fault. Like you said, it was a mistake and people need to get over themselves and accept the apology.
You know better, Mike. This is beyond disappointing.  You know it wasn't just a "party". You know better than to misrepresent CDC guidelines. You know better than pretend that your individual risk doesn't put others at risk, or that the risk isn't magnified by every person in that boat.   How do you know you don't expose anybody on your way to NYC? And how about everybody else in the boat? Can you guarantee they will not expose a single other person?  I'm a believer in giving people second chances, but the way you chose to participate in this and this half apology by justifying it with "personal risk" and hiding this in your second channel completely undermines the message of every other video you made about covid.   It's a shame, really, but I don't think I can watch your content without feeling let down. Probably not for a while.  I truly hope this is a lesson taken into the future and an opportunity for growth, but at the moment it's just disappointing.
bs
Honestly he ain't wrong Followed rules, didn't put anyone in danger, got tested, made sure everyone else was tested. People blow this way out of proportion like he was at a party with 100 people in a basement then proceed to sneeze on every third person he sees on the street   Tl;Dr he didn't break any rule at all, y'all overreacting
Good to know you're just as dumb and careless as my elderly parents or other idiots I encounter and can't do much about when I'm going to public places I absolutely must go to (no one can do it for me) which adds to my existing anxiety. Grow some balls and put it on your main channel, this channel is not even in "related channels" on your main channel tab and vice versa. Maybe record a more sincere appology, such as "I disregarded the rules I preached about for months to selfishly and in full possession of the knowledge that it's wrong engage in an activity to gratify an impulsive urge." No, surprise party on a yacht is not a necessity. I would understand a gathering of friends wearing masks in the open or large closed space at proper distance and not for a prolongued time, but that is not cool or fun, I guess, and giving in is easier. Not to mention you wanted to sweep it under the rug of "excusable" visit to your parent. You're acting like my stubborn old father who thinks he has impeccable immunity and doesn't need to wear a mask, yelling at me every time I tell him it's not only about him. He also cannot understand that if he does not have symptoms (or has mild ones that he ignores, coughing and sneezing, which is super rare for him), it doesn't mean he cannot make others sick, and they may get severely ill or possibly, die. The level of entitlement aka "I'm young/immune, covid can't touch me", selfishness and sheer blindsidedness to disregard for others' wellbeing you're showcasing with this is astounding! No excuses, no justifications, no lies, no stupid guidelines (yea, it's ok if you are all huddled and maskless, but you can do whatever in water or sth🤦‍♀️), no generalisations, just ADMIT you did wrong against your better judgement and sit down. You can promise to be fully committed to that never happening again, but then again, you end it by making no promises and excusing yourself for just being human. If you were my doctor or channel I subscribe to I would have dropped you then and there. However, many reprehensible actions of people in the public eye are being brushed off, forgotten, excused or ignored, and so their career continues. See if you want to be one of those people. Mistakes happen, but you must be accountable for them. You knew what you were doing. People recognised a dishonest appology, that certainly won't work on anyone who doesn't venerate you but want to understand you and continue or start respecting you and everything you do.
i am not saying what he did was right but what if he tested himself before and after his trip? what if everybody else was tested? what if after the yacht part he quarantined then flew back to new york?  I'm not supporting him but what if that was the case?
Shit happens...
oh people let him be, so what if he went on a trip? doctors deserve vacaitions too and he made sure it was perfectly safe to go back to work. I think people in youtube comments overreact again and again and again. Yes he tells us to be safe, because he wants us to be safe, it's not our bussiness if he had a trip or not, did he do everything he can to be safe for others when he went back to work? YES!!!!! so stop it!
No problems. You are only human. Happens to best of us.  Tell me  honestly who among us were  just quarantined at home ,  doing  social distancing and  accidentally ended up in different place miles away with no mask ,tons of people partying in middle of pandemic.
I think you are a stand up human and are doing a great job. It’s easy for people to be hateful and to point the finger of blame, but it’s not easy to be a person of substance in the public eye. You are though, so keep being you.
Screw all of us that have lost or almost lost friends and family to this then, right? Hope the yacht was fun tho!!
disappointing apology, also why did you post it on your smaller channel that legit, no one knows exists? unsubbing
This is so disappointing , Mike of all people knows exactly what he did, and trying to hide it here is despicable.
Disappointing
Dude this is not ok, Previously been your fan and i am not even hearing this from you... The fact that you post your ''apology'' video filled to the brim with excuses in your 73k youtube channel.. WHY do you have to act on a mistake this patheticly. people look up to you and i was one of them being a medical student. but your handling of the situation is so dissapointing.  And on to my first point. I am so heartbroken that i heard about this from D'Angelo's video. You didnt trust or even care about your audience. The people you GUİDE. No like to dislike ratio, Hiding the video... DONT COVER FROM consequences , mistakes just dont vanish.  I dont think you can fix the reputation you care about so much. But you need to fix this for respect to your profession this is unaccaptable.
It's sad we are at a point where we can't go see family and friends. I hope we aren't allowing anyone in the country that doesn't have a vaccine. Can't talk to someone if they don't have the vaccine. What your saying is we have to live like this forever now? Is this the new way of living?and if no then when can we stop? when do you feel it will be possible to hangout on yachts, gatherings, travel, entertainment, sure you don't know but be a realist, I think its gunna be another couple years...this is how it's gunna be for a long time.
0:38 is this a defense?? also 0:54 you can just reject the trip on boat you don't have to go ;p
why would you do this, you are a professional medical worker with a big platform, you are an intelligent and sensible person you're spreading a message, a very important message to be safe, wear masks and yet you, of all people do this, why. you have lost a subscriber, everyone is human yes, we all make mistakes, but this isn't a mistake, this is you not caring about other peoples lives. why would you not post this video on your main channel, why are you hiding away in this one, I'm so disappointed that someone I looked up to would do this.
Give the guy a break! He assessed the risks and made the wrong decision and he’s coming out about it although it should definitely be on the main channel. One of the points he focuses on generally is that doctors make mistakes too. Is he a hypocrite here? Yes. But we all try to rationalize our behaviour. How many people has he convinced not to go to such a boat party. I understand his rationalization. As a doctor he knows how to protect himself and others after this mistake. But just like he said the influence of him going to this boat party is bad and he addressed that. Has he lied to you before. This mistake shouldn’t be ignored or necessarily forgiven but it also shouldn’t be all powerful.
Please read. I think most of us can agree this apology isn’t great. But we can all agree that Mike has done so much to help fight the virus then any of us. We can’t sit here and act like we’re perfect people and have stayed inside all year. I still have so much respect for Mike
Hey Mike, I'm also physician and is my belief that  you don't have to apologize period, we are all adults here, well most of us are, you were in your social bubble and that is up to you, we are all responsable for our actions, so on that note, keep educating and removing ignorance from all of us, there is plenty of that as you know.  Big fan, keep your head up.
You made a mistake but as humans we all make mistakes also you deserve a little fun after all the hard work and no matter how careful you are there's all gonna be a risk you still have  my support.
Post this on your main channel then we'll talk. Dr. Mike you were such a light in my eyes ive been so fucking depressed and you really helped me to get through my days but this is just so shitty. Of course people will doubt masks and other measures, now that someone who was preaching about all these guidelines, gets caught being a hypocrite.... i can only imagine the risk others will be in because of your impact.... Bye Dr.Mike.
For all of you who are judging I just need you to think about all the mistakes youv'e made. Out of all of them how many have you apologized for knowing you will receive lots of hate and backlash. We get it ok he messed up and he realized. No One is Perfect and neither are you so you don't have the right to judge and be disappointed because you've made mistakes too. Get over it and move on or just stop following his content that simple.
This is so so disappointing :(
Fake doctor
.
As a chronically ill person, i need to be able to trust my doctor in taking decent decisions in regards to his own health, but also mine. Things like this, undermine that trust tremendously. And that is why i do not trust doctors on their big blue eyes. Because in the midst of a pandemic as a health care worker, there deff nis a "one size first all". It's the decency of holding in to measured at all times. We chronically ill have been quarantining for a year. So why couldn't you? No sorry, that kind of apology doesn't cut it. Not even close. Because as a doctor, even when speaking to clients virtually, you still are in contact with other health care workers that might come in contact with patient. Your action was unethical and highly irresponsible. Do better.
Post this apology on your main channel! Dont be a F*ING coward
The irony of cancel culture.....LOL...I just watched his cancel figs video before his response to getting canceled himself.
You tell people to follow the guidelines then do what you like. You disable the likes and dislikes. You lie about the guideline to make it seem like your situation was the grey area. And put your apology on your small second channel. You're a coward and a hypocrite. And in no position to be telling anyone to do anything regarding Covid
2 faced entitled lier just making excuses he's important lesson was he got caught out. No credibility any more.
yikes im so disappointed
Come on. We expected much more from you.
Such hypocritical bullshit.
Also, you should know you as a major medical influencer, that your actions are portraying the medical work force. You should know others who oppose COVID would use ANY means to spread false news about COVID 19, but you still do it. You can say it's a mistake, but it's a choice. When your friend surprise you with a boat party, being a responsible doctor/influencer/member of a community, the first thing is to straight away REJECT this offer and educate your friend about the guidelines that YOU advocate. You chose to find 'safe' ways to party, but the idea of partying is not safe from start to end. The only safe way is to not have a party at all. I hope everyone don't downplay COVID 19 , stay safe everyone.
“I WAS ROOTING FOR YOU WE WERE ALL ROOTING FOR YOU HOW DARE YOU” 😡
We all had times where we really just want to enjoy ourselves, but this period is just not it. You should know better, Dr. Mike. I'm a medical student who supported you in your main channel. I can't believe I heard this from my friend but not your main channel notification. This apology video feels like a justification video for your action, one bad choice you made just change your viewers point of  you forever. I'd never see you the same way ever again.
Just a sincere apology, cut out of the bs justifications. People just wanna know you are truly sorry and that you made a mistake, that's all. And post your apology on your main channel. This video is making you look bad and making things even worse for sure.
You have nothing to apologize sir! You are a doctor you are a lifesaver in your YouTube channel is a very informative channel. No one is perfect we all make mistakes. But parting on a yacht with a bunch of hookers is no mistake my friend;)
Dr Mike I haven’t seen my family    since January 2020 and I know you probably got sick of everything and gave up but come on man you’re a doctor you could still be putting your co workers and patients in danger come on I trusted you I’m diss appointed
Wow another recommendation from YouTube on a video I couldn't care less about...
I'm so disappointed. Not just because I had to find out about this from D'Angelo (who's content I generally find amazingly well put together) but because 1. I trusted you as one of my number one sources for both everyday medical information and up to date Covid-19 pandemic information, which I sent to my friends and family hoping to debunk false info on the internet, (also as D'Angelo mentioned, you were essentially the poster boy for Covid-19 preparedness) and 2. I trusted you in general, so much so that when I saw you in the thumbnail of his video but also in the segment, I didn't want to believe that you would engage in such behaviour. Honestly I would've preferred if you had posted this on your main channel and owned up to everything saying you "had a moment of weakness and had a gathering with your friends (or they threw the gathering on your behalf, semantics at this point)" I might've been more understanding, but no. You chose to hide this terrible excuse video (this isn't an apology vid and if it is then it's an abomination of an apology) in a channel that you knew most people weren't aware of (myself included) and chose to explain most of your behaviour with lies and excuses. Unacceptable and unsubscribed, "Doctor" Mike
Wait why you‘all so hating on him ? Yes he is a doctor he should’ve known better and he shouldn’t messed up that hard but he is also a human. Humans do mistakes. Some mistakes are big the others are small. He did a big mistake and he apologised for it.
Going to a party during a pandemic and endangering other people is a conscious decision, it's not a mistake. You knew what you were doing despite knowing the consequences, and your point of "clarity" is a weak excuse. If you were genuine whatsoever, it would be on your main channel and you would have made an actual effort.
Step down as a doctor you most likely paid your way to the degree lmao what a fake coward
Absolutely disgusting preaching about covid then breaking the rules when it suits you I wish I could take back all the views I gave you scumbag
This is very disappointing ☹️
THIS IS NOT EVEN HIS REAL CHANNEL!!!
Y'know, I love when people try to cancel a guy on YT for a single mistake he made, These temporary fans do not care about so many healthy and good things he did for many people. He literally got tested before and after the party, followed the guidelines, got Confirmed safety from the hospital, I do get this is extremely bad for a doctor but he did not get too many people there, tested all of them and stuff but hear me out, wearing a mask at a pool where ur mask can get wet, decreases its efficiency, I do agree about He should've posted this in his main channel but he didn't want to get backlash from people who didn't know this, He didn't want to lose his YouTube career, he needs to get money from YT to continuously live a happy life and educate/make others healthy. Yes, I do agree with staying at least 6 feet apart from each other. Doctors make mistakes too, but a single mistake doesn't mean you should cancel them.
I'm shocked he turned into such a creep... He was so cute in that beginning.. When he had less than 1000 followers - he'd take his camera to work & give his coworkers "props".. He was excited.. Then his ego started growing with the clothes & the sub growth. The higher they climb the harder they fall. He blames it on his friends but I don't keep friends like that... Like minded people seek the same. Being in the public eye ALSO means being responsible and knowing your actions matter. Even when YOU THINK no one is looking.
People should not be on here slandering and condemning this situation. I guarantee those one here putting down Mikes actions, have they themselves chosen not to follow certain guidelines or done certain things that ignore advice given. Neither of which is okay. It is not one rule for one, and one rule for another . But seriously, have none of us learned anything during this pandemic - be kind, be patient, be willing to forgive, and move on - life is too short. We are all humans we all make mistakes and silly choices.   Its easier to throw blame on people who have been given a higher status due to fame. Mike IS NOT HIS FAME or HIS VIEWS. He’s an honest, kind doctor who serves on the front lines and fills his time to make change in creating positive impact to the healthcare system and its people. He has done and does so much good! He is unfortunately like the rest of us, a human - who is not perfect, but regrets it, didn’t hide it, didn’t reject blame . He owned it and has publicly apologised.   stay away from keyboard confidence, and easy given hatred through comments on videos. Stay positive, be kind and be forgiving. The world doesn’t need more noise and disruption.  Dr Mike made a mistake, and his apology is accepted. Forgive, learn and move on.   Still routing for Dr Mike and all he does.
Sorry, you know better. You may want to reconsider your medical license. gtfo. This wasnt an apology, this was justification for your trash behaviour because you are rich.
You already traveled to Miami when it was in a state of emergency how is that a mistake? Then after that “mistake” you went to the party anyways? If it was such a surprise how did u even know what measures were taken. There is no excuse, you should have known better but obviously party and fame over actual health.
Slimeball pro max
TOOL
You deserve to lose your license over this. End of discussion.
OK EVERYONE PLEASE EVEN BE GREATFUL THAT DOCTER MIKE IS EVEM SAYING SORRY! He is an amazing, Smart, Funny doctor. Let me ask you this: how many time has he made you laugh? Idc how many time he has or hasnt but if he has taught us probably the best.  He is so heart warming so please stop making hate comments. I kindly ask you please stop making hate comments.
Just accept that what you did was wrong lol you don't seem sincere
This pandemic has really been exposing selfish people. I'm disappointed and disturbed on so many levels.
Not the first time it happened, the first time you got caught.   If the photo never became public, you NEVER would have apologized.  You're not sorry you partied, you're sorry you got caught.  Honest apology would have been posted on your main page, not on some obscure site that few ppl go to.    It's worth saying again:  You're not sorry you partied, you're sorry you got caught.
He shouldn't be a doctor shame on him , the most coward and ignorant  person on the internet , he only cares about his image not to be ruined i hope he loses his influence and become irrelevant.
So disappointed
Crazy. Never would have expected a doctor to be this careless.
First no likes/dislikes  Next no comments  Third no video (privated)  Unless you can still turn of views then that’s third
tfw when you go to a yacht party because your friends organised it for you smh
Congratulations, you’re officially an influencer. Trying to justify your “mistakes”, being a complete hypocrite and trying to cover it up by posting it on your second channel. Shifting away from doctoring I see and buying into that online fame that won’t even last
boo. unsubscribed.
im so disappointed lol i actually looked up to him
Cue the south park " Sorry" Clip.
"I live alone so I don't put anyone in risk" ... You're a fucking doctor. You should know better.
Aren't you human?
My bad everyone! I didn't mean to fly to another state, get on a yacht and incorrectly wear my mask without social distancing properly. I'm only human, I didn't mean to, as a healthcare provider, post a video with more information during a global pandemic that has killed hundreds of thousands. Oops!
How can you post this on this channel and not the main one? How can you go on camera to justify what you did by saying "I'm young and healthy" when, not only younger and healthier people have died from covid, but also the fact that you can spread the desiase without having symptoms, putting others at risk while you yourself is fine and dandy. You took the hippocratic oath but it doesn't mean you have to be a full-on hypocrite and go out and party when it's your birthday, but preache on tv and youtube that people have to stay home.    Coward
I am disappointed, but also believe in second chances. Take this to heart, grow from this, and you will have an positive impact on people. We all have messed up in life. It’s how we act after the screw up that matters. I forgive you. ❤️
very disappointed
This sucks because I really like your content but I call bullshit! Justify all you want, you're the biggest role model for health and safety and you justify your actions in an unjustifable event in time 🤨😒😷
Doc mike after party:oh no!    Also him:Anyways...
Dude bye gtfo stick to working at a hospital and not trying to be an influencer
This is the definition of hypocrisy
I really really want to give do this guy a second chance, but as a fellow medical professional on the front lines who has seen people die from this I'm just so disappointed. I couldn't even go to my grandmother's funeral because of this pandemic. I really looked up to him and now all I feel is disgust.
Why wouldn't you put this video on your main channel? How am I just now hearing about this 2 months after this video is posted? Oh I know cause you hid it on you second channel. I had so much respect for you as a creator and a medical professional and I'm so disappointed.
We all make mistakes and learn from it don’t let this take two big of a toll on you stay safe man
I would love to think that a second chance is in order here, but when you do the same thing that you’ve called others out for....... Umm nope can’t do it! Then on top of that you bury it over on this channel instead of the main one... how is anyone supposed to take you seriously? Listen I’m a fellow New Yorker and not even that is making me feel any sympathy for you. Oh and partying on a yacht is NOT A WATER SPORT/ACTIVITY!!!!!!  Lol I didn’t even have to go to med school or check the internet for that BTW🤷‍♀️
This skinny, fit son of a B was on a fricken Noom ad... I lost all faith in you that day😒
Lmao
You have NOTHING to apologize for or even admit to. You are doing way too much in informing the people of the covid situation, you always kept a completely science-based stance on the whole matter. People criticizing you for living your PERSONAL life as you see fit are morons.
Maybe put this on your main channel where you have more subscribers. To be an actual doctor and make up excuses to justify partying is disgusting and unprofessional.  A "surprise party." Tell them to go and social distance, have a virtual party and stay home like the rest of us are forced to. Especially the others on the frontlines who are actually working with covid-19+ patients.
Me: being stoic and neutral about this "apology" vid.  Most of the other people: https://youtu.be/W6dxEk_2Hdo
This is so slimy, it's not even on your main channel. You are a medical professional and an influencer and have posted so much on this topic and these excuses I did not expect. You did a risk assessment, what a JOKE. So disappointed.
This is so gross... and you TRIED to burry it.
I'm more sad and disappointed than angry😥
Am I the only one not here because of D’angelo?
Man this is disappointing, it’s hard enough to get people to listen to medical advice, then the one guy a lot of people trust to give them the right info and be on top of things goes out and does something this stupid.
Your voice is annoying
Doctor Mike. i just wanted to say i unsubbed from you because i am incredibly disappointed on how this "apology video."  Not only did you purposely manipulated many aspects of the CDC guidelines and information to try to brush away of your boat party.  You seriously had the gall to post this on a channel that litrally has 70,000, Instead of your main channel which is 6.75m assuming that a large majority of your subscribers would not find this video.     Do you honestly take for me and other subscribers as fools? How dare you try to even attempt something ludicrous as this. Yes, Your a human being and admitting that you were wrong is a part of being human but as a medical profession this is not even admitting your mistake in a proper manner. This is you just trying to dodge responsibility.
Disabling your like and dislike button is weak
Honestly after reflecting on this situation it’s not as bad as people think. Pretty 💩y but not end of the world. He does more good things than bad things
pathetic thought you were different
I expected better from you Mike
HE BLOCKED THE LIKES AND DISLIKES LMAOOAOAKAJJABSBS
You've been asking everyone to maintain social distancing protocols from the beginning of pandemic. To celebrate zoom birthday instead of gathering. To check the area's active cases no. before traveling. And then, you went ahead and broke all those guideline. This was not just negligent on your part, but you disrespected all your patients and followers. Instead of admitting guilt, here you gave lame excuse. Why post the video in your secondary channel and not primary? So that most of your followers doesn't find out?  Forget birthdays, my grandma past away in the middle of raving pandemic, we couldn't even organise a proper funeral for her. And you just had to celebrate your birthday breaking all protocols. This is so irresponsible and downright disgusting.   PS: thanks D'Angelo for letting us know this, or else he pretty much sweep it under the rug.
This disappoints me so so much!
you are despicable, the hypocrisy is something youd expect from a teenager not an adult :|
They threw you a party, they didn't kidnap you.
Doctor, can you help me? My eyes are really sore from the amount of times they rolled to to the back of my head while watching this pathetic excuse of an ‘apology’ video.
Maybe it would be nice apologizing for the situation and for this apology video in your main channel.
Why didn't you put it on your main channel? Only message from this video is that you regret your decision to party because you'll loose viewers. Absolute and utter BS. I haven't seen my boyfriend for almost 5 months because I follow the rules and guidelines and I live alone, exercise and have healthy livestyle too. Yet I'm doing everything I can to not put anyone and myself at risk.  It's even more disappointing that you have medical degree yet decided to break the rules for your own pleasure. I call it double standards! Shame on you.
Came from D'Angelo's video. Why don't you post this on your main video, you coward?
Love how he posted the" apology" on this channel wow
looks like you've become more of an infuencer than a doctor wtf..
The fact that a doctor woke up one day and thought to himself I want to fly to a different state, get on a boat with my friends, not wear a mask, go against everything that I’ve been so vocal about. It’s not a mistake it’s a conscious decision.
Don't give this man a chance to grow
Put this video on the main channel you hack. You should have your medical license revoked.  Real cute disabling the like to dislike ratio, I wonder why you did that...
Hi Mike, it's me, Andrea, one of your 6.74 million subscribers over on your main channel. Just wondering why you didn't feel the need to apologize to me and the other 5.98 million people who actually follow your main channel and look up to you as a voice of reason and personal example during this unprecedented pandemic. Fun fact, the number of people you apologized to in this video wouldn't even fill the KFC Yum! basketball arena for more than three games. So if you really want to make up for your actions and apologize to all of the lives you have ACTUALLY affected by your influence, post this video there. Turn the microphone on before speaking, or it's not worth the breath.
what an awful person you should be ashamed
If you're truly apologetic, why so defensive and why not post this video onto your main channel? If you're a truly trained and practising doctor, surely your knowledge and sense would tell you that merely adhering to government guidelines is inadequate and ineffective? let alone the fact that face coverings (rather than medical grade face masks) don't actually do anything? Given your professional status, can you at least make sure the CDC guidelines you're referring to are not erroneously applied to the yacht party?
Post this on your main channel! So hypocritical
Coward
You are one of the reason why people knows that they can’t trust hospitals in whole wide world.
Really disappointed.
Stop hiding. stop being a coward. Apologize properly. Be a man
Omg he hid the like/dislike count lmaaoooooo xDD its cuz the dislike are higher than the likes duuuudeee plus why isnt this on the main channel 😂😂😂😂💀💀💀💀💀💀  *APOLOGIZE PROPERLY COWARD🐔🐔🐔*
Unfucking real you couldn’t even post this on your main channel...
If HYPOCRITE is a human being, this is what it looks like.
gross
ARRRRGGH, MIKE, WHYYY?!?!
If we can't count on Doctor Mike to follow the rules, then we clearly can't count on anyone.  I am profoundly disappointed in you.
Didn't put this on your main channel .... this isn't real accountability and you know it
The fact that you couldn’t even put this on your main channel. Shameful.
This is appalling. How dare you misuse information from the CDC to make yourself look better, and straight up lie about how you "followed" restrictions. You've talked to Fauci, for God's sake! You're supposed to be a doctor, someone who's taken the Hippocratic oath- does "do no harm" mean nothing to you? I guess not, if it means you get to party around pretty girls and drink lots of liquor. I have lost all my respect for you.
Absolutely shocking. Completely disappointed in you. I really hope you watch D'Angelo's video, re-read your references and *actually* watch this video. Then I want you to speak to your lecturer and mentor. And after that, look your parents in their eye's and reiterate this (apology) exact message to them.  Because I cannot look you in the eye no more.
Absolutely DISGUSTED. You absolutely hid and covered up your slimey behavoir. I looked up to you. Never watching a video of yours AGAIN.
Chill, he was just taking a well deserved rest from it all It's been the only occasion As long as he doesn't repeat that it's ok
Wow can't believe this is real, not even on your main channel, very disappointed.
Didn’t even post this on your main channel. Seriously man, I’m disappointed. I haven’t watched your videos in a while but I used to like your content. You REALLY should have known better.
This risk level is okay  ~ A real doctor      By the way, D'angelo brought me here
hey boss don't even worry about it, you have done much more good then harm. keep it all up!!
Doctors have been working so hard during this pandemic especially in places where corona cases are so high, which is exactly why I respect them so much. And these doctors are the ones who understand more than anyone the affects of not following guidelines. But this guy? There’s no way he understands with an apology video like that and what he did. Clearly this is scripted and the worst script I have ever heard.
High time hypocrisy. I'm sure he has also talked about "body positivity" etc, and yet, he's partying maskless and getting "boob slapped" by a group of Florida's plastic barbies 🙄🙄🙄
You didn’t mess up. We’re in a pandemic and you’re a stinking doctor. You’re under huge amounts of stress. You have to be able to relax occasionally or your mental health can’t handle it. I have a hunting cabin I can go to, not everyone has that.
Nice acting 👏🏻
This is particularly pathetic
bruh.
even though he made a mistake, he is still going to continue to educate people and will still be a doctor. remember that no one is perfect and to think any less than that is completely a terrible mindset to have. supporter or not, fan or random troll, we all have to form our own opinions and move on with our lives. you cant have a future if you dwell on the past
Absolutely shocked that the comments are still turned on
Why is this not on your main channel? If you we're really taking accountablity this clip would be on your main channel. Practice what you preach as someone working in a hospital I really looked up to you but not any more. Practice what you preach. Period. (Also I found out about this through D'Angelo too)
I'm so disappointed. In your actions and your cowardice. My spouse is subscribed to your main channel and follows your content loyally and I know he hasn't seen this. He is going to be crushed.
Unsubscribed ur main channel
You did a Booboo 😂!!! A big, HUGE Booboo!!!!!! 😂
Such a coward, post it on your main channel, if you admit you are wrong why you upload here? If i dont watch dangelo video i will never know you did all this things
Post it in your main channel,
Im here after watch dangelo video, man, i really dissapointed on you
Disgusting, why you upload to this channel? Why dont use the one that make you famous, i REALLY UPSET AND DISSAPOINTED ON YOU,
i still dont understand, can someone make a short story of this video
If your goal is to lead 'the sheep' 'in the right way' with a title 'medical health influencer', then yeah, you're failed :) In a same way loud against-gay people end up being gay themselves, or leaders of initiative where people claim they live off the sun energy alone fail when they're spotted at biting their hamburger.   Also, if you are on the hunt for more members to get the better money income from youtube, then yes, that move was a bad PR, and this apology also wasn't the best one AFAIK, so I'd recommend seeking advice from experts in that field  If your goal isn't any of that, but just to be one of the (many) sources online for sound medical advice based on science, then you haven't failed in that.  You will lose followers, yes. Subscribers who are here for facts? I doubt they care what you do with your health and in your free time.  Sound scientific facts won't become less sound if person quoting them isn't to our liking. Nor will fact become 'more true' if we like the person saying it.  I don't see this any more different as the situation where so many doctors preach health lifestyle to their patients and then go outside for a smoke. It's still a scientifically proven fact that smoking isn't healthy for you. It's still their health and life and their choice what they do.  We live with our choices and their consequences all the time. Covid is different from some other behavior eg 'reckless' driving under alcohol influence, because it's much easier to verify if something bad happened while you were drunk and drove - if you came home safely without any accident, it's easy - you didn't harm anyone. In contrast, covid is more dangerous because if you caught a virus and spread it but you never get sick, some other person still can get sick or even die, and verify that you were the source is hard. There are generally 3 main categories of how we people approach covid situation: - some refuse to be even remotely responsible for someone else's sickness or death, or are afraid of getting sick themselves, and they'll stay at home 24/7 and will disinfect everything and whatnot - others will follow current general guidelines and mostly stick to them, but won't extremely worry if they're the sick one who will infect someone, they hope they won't be the one and will do reasonable things to mitigate the risk, but mostly only if they're asked to do so - some will not care at all neither for themselves nor for others  We all fall somewhere in that spectrum, with giving it more or less thought at any given situation.  For your specific case, covid and boat party, from the covid spread perspective you forgot (to mention) a few things: - maximum allowed people doesn't mean you're allowed to be all in one heap, distance should still be observed, just because law additionally regulates that doesn't mean that virus will say 'oh yeah, it's only 4 of you, I refuse to spread', distance still matters, I only saw a photo of you in a heap style, so yeah, distance fail - being outside is less risky than in closed unventilated spaces, because aerosols become less risky, but droplets are still a factor - yes, masks make virus spread less, so without mask you need even greater distance That is, if you're in the strong middle from list above. In any case, every person involved should be on board with the consequences (you did mention testing before/after, so I guess that was ok)  Btw if you wear masks during travel and work, that means that you care more about protecting all those strangers than protecting your friends :P     There was a meme here in Germany - do my grandkids/kids who visit me during the covid xmas - love me so much or hate me so much? :D
Love how you keep REPEATING over and over "while I was following the rules and guidelines" , when you CLEARLY were not wearing masks with people standing inches away from you, hypocrite.
Hey I think you should have uploaded this on your main channel. I've found out about this through tik tok. It shouldn't have been that way.
Even years of rigorous medical education can’t make people understand the effects of a pandemic. What kind of doctor are you??
I follow ur videos alot so I feel less stressed about the pandemic and so I can remind myself that not going to partys w my friends is a good thing. I'm disappointed that someone I look up to is hiding their hypocrisies like a PR stunt. How can u be apologizing to us when the majority of us didnt know till 2 months after the fact? I dont think your an evil person or anything like that, but why are u acting more like a politician than a doctor. We trusted u like a doctor.
This is disappointing to say the least. It's OK to make mistakes, but this was a conscious decision which, no matter which way you spin it, could've cost lives. Then you chose to hide this from your main channel. Like many others, I didn't even know this channel existed. People like you do things like this because you think the rules don't apply to you and then you move on as if nothing happened. What you did was serious and you should be ashamed of yourself for hiding it like a coward. If you had posted it on your main channel, people perhaps would've responded differently.
even if u had issued a genuine apology i wouldn’t be able to take it seriously since u uploaded it for what some thousand people to see instead on your main channel with millions of followers
What a fake
i just cant express the angry of knowing that a "doctor" even does this knowing all the risk , i just lost hope even without what he did i just cant anymore with this shitty people , and worst of all, he didnt have the courage to upload this in his main channel.
I knew not to listen to your advice from the start. Don’t ever knock down real virologists. They know more than you.
why is this on your tiny 70k subscriber channel?????????? why are the likes disabled??????
he says he was way under the 10 or under guideline but the photos say otherwise. 15 people in total just in one photo.
Maybe if you don't come for Gaga lmao
Honestly lost respect for this guy
wow i looked up to u and now i can’t believe this.
Except the thing that you didn’t post this on your main channel, which you can still rectify, i am more than willing to forgive you. I have seen so many people that have done even worse things bc they wanted to preserve their mental health. Im not saying you were right but that you lapsed and apologised honestly so i forgive you.
I am so disappointed in you and frankly, at this point, I have serious doubts at your trustworthiness as a medical professional. How can I trust someone to be a good doctor when they don't even have the guts to apologise properly like a decent human being? Let's face it this was very unprofessional of you as a doctor. On top of that, you don't even own up to it properly.
so much for being a family doctor... yikes
Yeah you messed up big time. Not supporting a hypocrite. Unfollow
*Dr. Mike's tight shirt disabled circulation to his mental capacity to making right choices that time*
i was somehow able to avoid being in a party (in general, but also... on a yacht...) despite being human and making mistakes lol
embarrassing. disgusting.
Good to know you’re now unreliable and hypocritical. You’re the LAST person i, and most likely any of your fans, or even anyone who has seen your content would do this. The fact you didn’t even put this on your main channel shows how much you really care.
thank you, D'Angelo.
i am incredibly disappointed and disgusted. you of all people should know to do better. surprise party or not, you at any point had the opportunity to say no and socially distance. your age and such don't matter, this isn't about you. shoutout at d'angelo for calling attention to this, i genuinely believed you were a good guy, mike.
You took an oath to protect, and this bullshit apology video isn’t even on your main channel. You should be ashamed.
If you believed in anything youve ever preached  on social media you wouldn’t have gone to the yacht party. But of course you used the fact that you’re a “doctor” and COVID to grow your platform, and appeal to people. There’s not much difference between you and any 16 year old  Tiktoker, you’re deceiving and fake. Plus you’ve probably been going out since the beginning of the pandemic, you just never got caught. SMH
Pathetic. You’ve lost my respect and sub.
No Doctor Mike.... this is greatly disappointing. And you didn't even post this on your main channel
he didn't even have the balls to post this on his main channel
i can’t believe i was a fan of you. i thought you were genuinely wholesome and loved watching your educational content, but... oh my god. preaching covid safety while doing the opposite? i hope to god you don’t lose someone as a result of your irresponsibility so you don’t feel the same pain so many of us have felt. you’re a prime example of what fame can do to people. despicable. unsubscribed.
Unacceptable
Dr Mike, This is the lamest "apology" I've ever seen. I will never watch a video by you again. 🚫
So the way I see it if you are not taking covid seriously right now when minorities and people  of low income  are substantially more affected/suffering due to covid in comparison to rich white people your actions are definitely speaking for themselves on where you stand. It is far more than judt inconsiderate at this point. The guidelines say  limit to six people your photos show definitely more than 6 people so don't go around saying you thought this was safe. You are a professional  the public trusts because you are a doctor and more so now that you are an influencer. Your actions here say so much more than any words and poorly formatted apology can. You made a decision and people can die from it people who trust you to keep them safe. You're  a joke to the hard working nurses and doctors risking their lives and worsw you are stepping on the graves of your fallen colleagues.
What a joke. Might as well continue hanging out with all the pornstars from that yacht party in Miami. D bag “doctor”. What a disgrace to all the medical professionals
I lost words, genuinely disappointed right now.
It is not that you let us down. You are human. You are an amazing person. And honestly people need to realise we all have our own opinions. And if the people on the boat also flew down there, then I believe they had to have a covid test. So everyone there knew of the covid risk.
this is a ridiculous fucking apology. i hope you're stripped of your medical license.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzz
Hey, as one of your millions and millions of subscribers I am astonished and beyond disappointed that I was never notified of this video being created. I had to watch D’Angelo Wallace‘s video all the way through to even know that you went on this boat ride. As a healthcare professional you should have known from the beginning that you could not and should not have gone on a boat. You work in and around COVID-19 patients, victims, and survivors. It is disgusting and disgraceful that you try to make up excuses for what you have done. There is no excuse, My respect for you has just gone 📉📉📉. How about owning to your mistake and post this on your main channel to let your fans know what you did. Absolutely disgraceful. I am unsubscribing to your main channel.
You should be ashamed for this shame of an apology. Post on your main channel
I can’t remember the saying.. is it.. first work no farm? First buy no yarn?   First feel no calm?  Mustn’t have been important I guess.
This is disappointing, I used to have respect for this guy. Like, he’s probably seen patients dying from COVID and has the audacity to tell people to follow guidelines when he can’t even do the same. Smh
This behaviour is unacceptable from a teenager let alone a DOCTOR... you DECIDED to do something horrible and then have the audacity to justify it.
I have honestly never been so disappointed by an online influencer before.... there are people who can't bury their loved ones and have to watch them through a screen as they slowly fade away. There are people who are dying at home alone because the hospitals are too full to take care of them, and these unfortunate souls are then stored at mass capacity in refrigerated trucks for months on end. There are frontline workers who risk their families lives every day or have been separated from their families since the pandemic started. There are people who have not only lost their jobs, but their grandmother, grandfather, their mom their dad, their sister, brother, partner, or friends to this pandemic. The untold horrors of this pandemic are not only endless but also unimaginable. The vast majority of the world's population are blind to the true happenings behind hospital doors, but Dr. Mike is NOT. Dr. Mike went to this unnecessary surprise party, as an educated doctor, risking not only his life, and the lives around him, but also his coworkers, their loved ones, and their patients. You CANNOT be the youtube poster boy of health and safety, preaching the rules to anyone who will listen, but not follow them yourself. Dr. Mike has been the privileged few to interview Dr. Anthony Fauci, (the director of the national institute of allergies and infectious diseases), but with the full understanding of how infectious diseases work, still found it appropriate to go to a party that could have been canceled right then and there. This leads an example to all of his followers, because if a doctor can do it, why can't anyone else...everyone is human, everyone makes mistakes!!!!.... This half-hearted apology on this practically unknown youtube channel is not only inexcusable but also insulting!!
You know you screwed up when the like/dislike bar is disabled.
Your a doctor a FRICKING DOCTOR how do you even do that ????
Lmao he was too scared to allow the like to dislike ratio to show but bold enough to keep the comments on.
he shouldn't be allowed to tell people about how to stay safe from COVID-19 when he can't even do the basic thing of not going on a private boat in miami when he lives in new york
It’s been a tough year 🥺 therefore lemme party on a yacht...?
🚮
youve lost all the trust you gained from me. i cant believe i wanted you to be my doctor.
People are dying. And you have seen it. You  have researched it. You work in a place where you are forced to see people die every day. For most people, they loose a family member, look at the numbers. But you can visualize that. Because you are a doctor. And you said "I dont want you to use me for your theories" I can't blame them. Not at all! Because they see a person 6 million people trust, a doctor going to a party during a pandemic.  So many people have done what you have said because you are a doctor. I personally have trusted you. Now people don't know what to belive, what to do, who to trust. Because you were that figure. Humans  make mistakes, but this isn't a mistake. You knew, you ignored, and decided to try to hide it. Hide the video. Why? Are you scared? Are you okay thinking that you may have killed someone because of this?
This is truely disappointing, to see a doctor who i used to respect to attend a yacht party in one of the countries with the highest covid infection rate. As a doctor you should know better than anyone of us. There are other medical workers working overtime and sacrificing their time with loved ones and even their health to help look after covid patients yet you as a medical professional have the audacity to participate in a party. You dont even seem like youre actually sorry, if it werent from D'angelo's video i wouldnt have known because you posted it in this small channel instead of your main.
Came from a vid by D'Angelo. Was honestly shocked you were lumped in with the tiktok influencers. I expected it of them, but you! And you're a medical professional! I looked up to you! Can't believe you disregarded your own oath of 'do no harm' for a boat party.. F*ck, man. Why does fame make people think they're above the law???   Also why didn't you post this on your main channel??
Vile.
Thank you for pointing me to this video D'Angelo! What an actual hypocrite lmao, trying to hide this apology from your main channel smh...glad I unsubscribed.
That whole I live alone thing, it doesn't matter. You have patients, people need you to as a doctor. You need to do better.
i'm just dissapointed.. atleast put this on your main channel  don't turn this as a hate comment because i have followed you since this channel started
You are the worst example of how people can be. You are a DOCTOR. There are no excuses. You are showing your privilege and I hope your supervisors see what you’ve done.
last time I checked this barely  had any views. I'm so happy that its broken 1M
WALK. YOUR. TALK.  Such a shame that you, who is one of the most knowledgeable about the virus, is also the one who made the same mistake that other uninformed people had. Not to mention a licensed doctor,  a frontliner, who comes face to face with the deaths caused by covid. "Disappointment" does not even satisfy the way how we feel about you.
I'm really disappointed Doctor Mike, I really trusted and looked up to. Your a medical professional, you should have known better.
I had to find this out through dangelo’s video...
Wait what happened can someone tell me?
Dr. Mike is a coward.
hypocrite
It's the hypocrisy for me.... you're more of an influencer like those others than a doctor it seems
Im so disappointed. I really looked up to this guy gosh I would have forgiven him but he didn't post this on his main channel.
How were you following the boat capacity guidelines when the photo released showed you with well over 8 people?
I cant express how increbily disappointed I am in this. This is not a mistake is was a choice, we all trusted you.... you're more of an infulencer than a doctor to me at this point.
Is he gay?
how am i just finding out about this rn? i’m soo disappointed bruhhh
I lost all respect for you.
Covid is Covid------ Infection control measures are infection control measures. I call BS!! Do as I say not as I do??? I call BS!!! You have harmed the medical message. The one thing you were selling was your so called medical wisdom.
I will never respect you ever again. I can't believe a person who swore to do no harm could be so irresponsible and so selfish. It has become apparent to me that you aren't using your knowledge as a doctor to save people, you're sensationalizing it for money so you can live the influencer life. In the process, you are putting people at risk and going against the very morals you swore to abide by.
Genuinely disappointed. You could have said no to the boat party. People are dying. Put this on your main channel. Don’t hide the fact you messed up.  I haven’t seen my family or friends in a year and a half. A YEAR AND A HALF. Just because I live alone doesn’t mean I can’t possible put others at risk. I’m really disgusted.
This is not even a sincere apology. This is a justification. The people in your boat were more than the maximum capacity and you were BOATING, not swimming. You justifying your action is nothing but bullshit.
Oh it's great that you live alone, and not like, see patients who have compromised immune system on the daily.
You know what I did for my brithday, i was quarantining because my coworker went to a party and got half the staff in my nursing home sick with covid....thanks for nothing
Its only human to make a  mistake. Thank you for making it right. I can not speak for the rest of your fans but me and my family forgive you and we will still love your videos. :D <3
I accept your apology. This screwup does not negate the good work you do ❤️
this is deeply disappointing, especially coming from you. Also, why isn't this on your main page? It just feels like you're trying to sweep this under the rug when you should be using your apology to point out everything that was wrong with what you did so at least people can learn from it. You can start with the extremely dangerous position of, "I'm young and live alone so the risk was low." Risk to whom? You're still on a boat with who knows how many other people? Putting aside the fact that young people can get and die from COVID, you weren't alone on that boat and you don't know that everyone on that boat lives alone or is low risk. And if you'd caught it on that boat, who else would you have passed it to unknowingly, from hotel staff to airport staff, to people you interact with without thinking about it - and can you be certain that they're all young and live alone? This mindset is exactly why so many young people are out having parties and not taking it seriously. This "I'll probably be fine and that's all that matters" garbage. This is shameful. You need to do a lot better than this.
D'Angelo called you out
There are so much dislikes that he made it so you can’t see the amount 😩 Come on Mike AND it’s not on the main channel😡
wow... the fact that i didn't even know this happened. this broke my heart. a non-aplogy posted on your second channel?! it's a coward move
DR.MIKE IS TRASH
good job posting this on ur main channel...
Don't sweep this under the rug a second time, Dr Mike, please. I saw this the first time around and grudgingly accepted your faults when I continued to watch your vids. But now that Dangelo's video is bringing your mistake to light again, please don't ignore it a second time around.  Read the replies to your comment section on your main channel. People are beginning to trivialise your mistake. They are starting to say it's okay so long as you apologise after the deed; that it's all fine so long as you checked with the guidelines the way you did. They are saying you did nothing wrong. And that is because this video was never much of an apology as it was to show you have done the bare minimum for a doctor... And bent the rules to suit your need, as you failed to acknowledge.  I'm not writing to criticise you. Plenty of people have already done that. I know where you're coming from too. A boat trip is expensive, and I too find it hard to turn down my friends when they spent a dime on a gift for me, however badly that thought may turn out to be.   But this has to stop.  People rationalising your behaviour is only a prelude to people following in your footsteps. You need to make it clear once and for all, that your behaviour was wrong, how you were wrong, why you were wrong. Admit you should never have bent the guidelines the way you did. Explain you don't know it all, and by that, I'm referring to the limits of your own self-restrain. I know someone who once gave a Ted talk to tell everyone to be unashamed of not knowing something  :') Be that man again.   If you still believe in your oath, sincerely, I pray that you'd do this. You harmed your message the first time. So defend it the second time before it can get any worse.  (I stand with the medical community in that your voice is still needed. But do something about your credibility so you can really say those using you as an excuse to ignore guidelines have themselves only to blame, and not you because you misled them into it)
Omg the fact that you post this on your second channel proves how apologetic you are. You're the last person i imagined to be this trash. DISGUSTING
How can you be a legitimate DOCTOR and see, first-hand, patients with COVID-19 and its effects on their family AND still go out and party? Then you spread false information trying to justify your actions. I literally learned about this from D'Angelo Wallace and was shocked. it's honestly disgusting to see a doctor out of all people not practicing what he preaches. He tried reallyyyyy hard to cover this up.
so disappointing.
shame
*uck **ck Mikey
Stop justifying it, you're insulting your medical degree and thousands of doctors who are dying.
When D'Angelo Wallace said you name I thought he was joking; apparently not  I am disgusted at your behavior
So dissapointed. I just binge watched your video before I found out about this. Clearly you don't feel bad at all for what you did, you just worried losing your views. Good luck living with yourself.
Going on a boat trip isn’t a mistake it’s a choice
The f is this not on your actual channel. The f did I only find out about this through someone calling you out.
Pathetic. You and this video.
AS IF every one of these critics here always follows every covid guideline
Post it on your main channel if you're really sorry then.
reasons why this was dumb:  1. you never said sorry  2. partying is a choice not a mistake  3. this isnt on the main channel where it should be  4. it was a planned trip  5. DUDE YOU TRY TO TEACH US TO BE SAFE BUT FAIL TO DO SO URSELF!!!
and of course he turned the amount of likes/dislikes off. dr mike, youve lost a subscriber
This apology is so full of bs with a whole line of misuse of references... I mean... like really.... I am shocked at the level of stupidity, self obsession and care-free attitude.
dear doctor mike i always looked up to you as a funny doctor who posted educational videos. Now, after this incident, your still the same person. I know having fun is a huge temptation, but we should draw a line between fun and right You made a mistake, okay, its normal, we are humans. But admit when your wrong. Dont just apologise anonomously, where most of your die hard fans wont see. admitting your hippocracy may be the only way you will be able to treat this wound
screw you dude
This is pathetic, I hope more people find out. Coward.
So disappointed in you. You’re a doctor, you should know better
As a poet of our times so eloquently put it, "Dr. Mike is trash" -D'angelo
You are trash bro and you give real doctors a bad name.
Hypocrite
You’re not sorry. You’re only sorry you got caught and people are holding you accountable.
When you decide to make yourself a moral voice and lecture people, don't try to backtrack with excuses of why it's okay to behave like you did. Many people are taking a "calculated risk" at this moment and it seems to show and echo, especially looking at Cali's number and outbreaks. Clout and prestige of being a youtube "influencer" does not give you the right to ask people to do as you say, but act differently. This is disappointing because I though you somewhat had a lot of good will built up that you lost to me.
So disappointed in you. Thanks for hiding this away on your alternative channel so that barely any of us learn through you but rather through channels like DeAngelo Wallace. Thanks for letting us all down.
This is highly disappointing. I used to binge watch your videos from day to day. I was inspired and entertained and now I just learned about this... it’s more infuriating when you preach wearing masks but do things like this
You are a DOCTOR. A MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL you of ALL people should know the impact that this has on people's lives, finance and families. People including myself have lost their DEAREST family members to this and you can't even take responsibility. Disgusting.
You are absolute trash. A doctor misleading and twisting the rules.
Why are you harsh on this poor guy? He admitted several times that he messed up and people are using his situation to downplay the whole Covid pandemic. He is a human and he got tempted and decided to take the risk, there were several other big YouTubers who threw party without even following the guidelines with more than 100 people in the house. What about them. I think he didn't want to highlight his issue too much and wanted to keep it as low as possible so that people who don't know about this case will remain unaware and will not stop believing in him. Just because he is the spotlight doesn't mean he can't make a mistake. Don't put him on a pedestal and worship this guy.
Did you watch Gavin Newsom's apology speech for pointers? The blood of the children who have committed suicide because of these lock downs is on all of your heads who sold us lies.
So glad D'Angelo Wallace called out your hypocritical and dangerous actions. You have lost the respect and trust of thousands, just for a day of entertainment..
Seems like you just used COVID for views & money
Also... as one who lives in Florida.. I’m disappointed that you chose to come here and put mine and my families and others  lives at risk for your birthday party. I couldn’t attend my uncles funeral in Texas because of Covid-19. I had my birthday party at home on my own as well as my young children’s and my husbands. I also did not take a trip to Italy to see my mother and father in law due to covid. My sister is an RN and is constantly in tears because of how many covid cases she deals with.. As a follower for years now I’m truly disappointed that a trip to Miami and a birthday party was worth more to you then the people who live in Florida and New Jersey’s safety.
More importantly...Why did you put this on your secondary channel rather than your main one?
How come this isn't on the main channel?
surprised he hasn't turned off the comments yet
Shame on you, thats all I came to say.
None of these people apologize until they get called out and backlash. I haven't seen *one* genuine apology.
wow. you hid this so well I that I didn't even know you did this, you knew you were in the wrong and you shouldn't have flown to Miami but still did anyway. you shouldn't even have been a doctor and took that oath in the first place. if you're an aspiring doctor who's going to become like dr. mike. don't. Don't be a doctor who has no compassion for dying people. we don't need more of such hurtful hypocrisy in a pandemic.
I think most of your fans on the main channel has no idea what you did. You can’t just hide that you traveled to COVID 19 hotspot and didn’t  wear a mask. Post this on your main channel.
Pack it up Hypocrite
my respect for you went down to zero like the covid-cases did NOT.
Hypocrite
what did he do ?
I trusted you... I made a presentation about your life for school because you inspired me.  I regret it now.
Mike :(
All he does is talk about how this affected him🤥😐gross
Hypocrite
I am irrevocably disappointed in you. I will never see you in the same way again.
Garbage
Unsubscribe and share D'angelo's video. Hit him where it hurts, his monetization.
So you try to shift blame to your friend and conspiracy theorists, say you researched CDC guidelines before getting in the boat and apologize for your behavior. Come on, man, make up your mind, which is it?  Sounds to me like you're only sorry that you got caught, and I can't shake the feeling that you've been behaving like this through all of the pandemic. Perhaps the lesson that we can all learn from this is that the Instagram and Buzzfeed's hot doctor should've never been trusted as a medicine and science communicator. You lost yourself in the character and led us all on to believe you're something that you're not.
Put it on your main channel!
I'm both mad AND disappointed...  I love your videos, but I can't keep watching you. One of my best friends lost all of his grandparents + a great uncle to covid, and they all probably got it from deliveries or doctors, as they were all quarentined. I haven't lost anyone to COVID myself and I'm a healthy young person... but THAT'S NOT A FUCKING EXCUSE TO GO TO YATCH PARTIES! My little sister is going to spend two birthdays alone IN A ROW! AND SHE IS A CHILD! A small child understanding a pandemic better than a fucking doctor... I can't trust you anymore. Please please please post this on your main channel. I'll do everything I can to spread what you did to all my friends that watch you, since I was the one to show your channel to them.  PS: A big thank you to D'Angelo for showing me your true side. My trust issues are getting bigger by the day! Thank you for reading this.
Thanks for telling us the rules, but not actually following them yourself. For someone who calls themself educational and asks others to make sacrifices for the greater good but doesn't care enough to make their own sacrifices, you're actions are appalling. I hope your birthday was fun.
Why wasn't this on your main channel though if you're truly sorry? You masked it so well I almost missed it. :)
Nothing on the main channel? Funny. I had also only heard about the trip from D'Angelo. Guess it worked tho. Fuckin hypocrite.
the fact that the like to dislike ratio is turned off says enough
i am immensely disappointed
Ugh this made me cringe. Do you really think your audience is stupid enough to believe the garbage coming out of your mouth? You didn't even post this on your main channel either, you're just as bad as the rest of the idiots breaking the rules. Jesus, do the right thing and admit you made a humongous mistake instead of hiding behind this garbage cherry picked "apology".
stfu
Man, it hurts a lot to know that you'd CHOOSE attend a boat party in the midst of a pandemic. It hurts even more to know that you didn't have balls to POST this apology video on your main channel. All the abs and muscles that you have on your body? Yeah, those don't make you a true man. I'm so disappointed and I'll never watch your videos again.
One thing a lot of people are getting wrong is that masks don’t protect you from COVID, it just protects other people if you had COVID.
It´s okay, I mean you were a covidiot, but al least you know it and try to make it better, and even took precautions, I just think that people is being  really mean with you and doesn´t understand the part were you are a human and this things happen
😂 he disabled the dislike/like buttons
I'm so disappointed.
wow I can’t believe this , this is actually disappointing. I was subscribed to you and I didn’t even know about this trip until I saw D’angelos video . and you didn’t even post this on your main channel. practice what you preach.
you only apologise because you got caught.
coward, post this on your main instead of your second channel with 75k subs. stop hiding behind it
HYPOCRITE
why didn't you post this on your main channel?
oh, you're a doctor?
YOUR A LICENSED MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL..... DA FUQ
here to say stfu
posting comment for the algorithm =), unsubbed
Whoops, your (performative) mask fell off
Honestly It is so embarrassing for you to be doctor and put people in risk just so you can have fun in a yachut
I just found out about this recent video. Your older videos in Facebook brought me to Youtube. Now that I know... oh man... I looked up to you man, but you really messed up... [smh & facepalm] I'm speechless... Anyway, God have mercy on you, and on us all...
How are we supposed to calmly follow guidelines when celebrities and those with money get to do whatever they want? This video was sort of an apology but mostly justification... Just look at the "clarification"  description! Why wasn't this on the main channel? I have been watching Dr. Mike and just heard about this today. I'm embarrassed for you and I wish I could say I'm surprised.
I am so SO disappointed and this “apology”is garbage, a flaming pile of hot garbage. You as the medical professional you say you are should know better than this. You should know the risk and that anyone can get this virus. I had an Aunt die from the virus within 12 hours of symptoms on my mothers birthday. (Yes that sounds made up but it did happen) You know how terrible it is to see your mother cry and hear you grandma cry on the phone to each other on her BIRTHDAY, all because people can’t stay home and won’t wear mask. This trip was planned you knew what you were doing, make a better apology on your main channel and stop acting like a ball sack.
You're an adult, do what you want. Its your life not theirs. Fμck em.
Omg - he’s got the likes/dislikes turned off! Lol.   Well I guess we know what Mike’s all about - $$$
Unsubscribed
Why’s everyone roasting him? He just made a bad decision.
Ok, say what you want about this video, but lets be honest, you have to give him some respect. 1. He had the courage to make thins in the first place. 2. He didn't start of with one of those fake an over dramatic sighs.  3. He didn't monitise this video.
Why is this “hidden” on a channel with significantly less followers than your main channel? If you’re intending on your followers seeing this then why not upload it to your main channel where your followers will actually see it? When you upload it to this channel it makes it seem like you were trying to hide the situation entirely. I expected so much more from you Dr. Mike and I have looked up to you for so long. I’ve come to you for accurate COVID-19 information-advice and I find this is extremely, extremely disappointing.
Such a "human mistake" is not acceptable for a doctor who's made several videos about the COVID-19 pandemic, my guy. Hypocrite.
You phrased this story to make yourself look better and this was a half apology once I heard the full story I took my like back real quick
Welp. Guess I gotta be afraid to accidentally click on a vid of his, because I would then give him money.
so....ain't putting this on main?
And his reason for doing it is because he’s young 🙄
put it on the main channel
This guy is I spineless slimeball
WOWW... I barely found this two days ago. You’re such a coward to post this on a different channel, to top it off, you probably did this since you were worried of loosing your precious money and people who trusted you... I trusted you, millions of people trusted for advice, entertainment, and you stand here and think nobody’s gonna notice how much of a hypocrite you are? Good job for hiding this so well. You have lost my trust and happiness for you, I can’t believe I trusted and didn’t know about this. I’m leaving this disgrace of a community, to top it off you miss-used CDC guidelines? Yet you were over here, posting what to do about covid, criticizing, and look where you found yourself! You’re a doctor, you’ve posted a video about you going to a part in a hospital where covid is dealt with, yet you mis use CDC guidelines, and rub everything away? And don’t DARE lie to me saying, “ I WonT puT anYone elSe at rIsk “ NO!  YOU ARE SO WRONG! I’m not even a doctor, and yet I know, if I don’t put my mask on, if I don’t social distance, if I don’t wash my hands and take precautions, I can still spread it. Yeah, I don’t live with anyone, but say I’m in Florida, I have to go the airport, that’s a spreader. I have to go into the plane, that’s a spreader. I take off my mask to eat, that’s a spreader. What if I get a Uber? That’s a spreader. I get a hotel, that’s a spreader. I walk to my house, let’s say in New York with a busy street, massive spreader. I go the hospital thinking I have the flu, that’s a spreader. I go to the dentist, spreader. You’re so full of yourself and sick. I’m leaving the community, GLADLY! Buh bye Dr hypocrite!
I USED TO BE AN FAN words cannot even describe how disgusted I am. You of all people a doctor should know that everything about this is wrong. COVID does not care who you are it will attack whoever. Not only are you a hypocrite but you are also a coward the fact that you tried to divert the attention and try and burry this wrong doing is horrible. As a doctor you should be ashamed. You probably aren’t even sorry for what you did and are only sorry you got caught. Fauci would be very disappointed in you as am I and most of your fans who have seen this
Post on your main channel and clarify your mixed messages. You made an oath. It's your obligation.
LMAOOOOO. I’m laughing so hard at these comments. Literally this uproar is only happening because he’s a doctor. How many people that you know personally have been to parties ever since this shit has happened??? Half of you have probably went to plenty of parties since this pandemic has happened. Stop trying to antagonize him simply because he’s popular and is a medical provider. His job is more dangerous than him going to a damn party. Plus he APOLOGIZED. If you don’t want to accept the apology, that’s fine. Don’t watch him anymore, but please spare them comments of trying to parent, and criticize him for having fun. This shit has been super depressing, having to stay home and be away from people. Common human interaction. The mass hysteria needs to stop.
You are human, you made a choice, you owned up to it. Do not let people get you down for making one 'wrong' choice, whilest you make so much more wonderful ones. You are, and continue to be, an inspiration and a wonderful human being. 🍀
The whole excuse that it was a surprise party when he had to take a freaking flight to get there, put on a swimsuit, etc. is so bizarre and shows what he thinks of his audience's intelligence level. Disappointed doesn't even begin to cover it.
If you were sorry you would’ve been honest there are so many pictures with well over 8 people on the boat you weren’t wearing a mask ok the boat which is against the rules but you mislead people to think it was you are too much of a coward to show your likes and dislikes you wouldn’t even put it on your main channel which would get it out to so many more people
Disappointing. I also do not appreciate the partial insincerity with this apology. Also might I add, when you apologize and then put a “but” to blame others for the same mistake you did, it shows you aren’t as sincere as you’re trying to come off. If you feel like you are being “used” don’t be a vessel to be used when you do the WRONG thing. Very disappointing. Do better. Don’t try to make your decision partially rational. This is very disrespectful to all the healthcare workers who have fought and still are fighting this pandemic. This is a shame.
This is a joke of an apology. You said “I don’t put anyone else at risk” except for your fucking patients. You should be fined and have your license suspended. I used to look up to you but not anymore. And this isn’t even on your main channel. You disgust me.
You should be absolutely ashamed. Especially trying to mislead people about CDC guidelines. There's really no coming back from this.
“Ah! I’m so sorry for being entitled and selfish and subsequently spreading a virus and killing people!”
That’s not a fucking doctor.
Who cares if you live alone, you could have spread covid in your hospital... just what the actual f...
Time to hang up those tailored white coats and pick up politics. I can't believe you. You shat on your oath, and your friends and family should be equally ashamed. I have to be afraid of the grocery store because of awful people like you because of my son, my mother, my grandmother and myself are all at risk.   Go to hell Mike. You don't deserve to be a doctor.
Just learned about this from D'Angelo Wallace's video about this. The fact that he tried to bury what happened in order to save his "perfect professional doctor" image is so beyond disgusting and hiding the like to dislike ratio is just the cherry on top. He even as the audacity to try to justify it by "caLcuLatinG" the risk. Its such a slap in the face like "I'm sorry that a went a party in the middle of a pandemic and that I was up close with people without masks BUT I did test negative and the boat wasn't at capacity :((((" What a fucking disgrace.
ok, well if you have given yourself to all these risk levels and excuses, then all these other people can use the same excuse... also why aren't you addressing the part where you were greedy and wanted to go to the party? Most humans stay at home and cancelled literally ALL their plans. Most humans use rationale thinking and reasoning to know not to go to any party or whatever. Why is it that a doctor with so much professional knowledge and constantly preaches about being safe can't even follow his own advice? I get that you made a mistake, but you knew what you were doing...
come on, man.
Well obviously you’re not that sorry if you post this on ur small channel
how come this channel is not even attached to your main channel
You hid this so well I had to hear it from D'angelo Wallace. By far the MOST disappointing in the whole video. You are a health care professional and your not taking this sh1t serious. You don't deserve a platform if your going to be so hypocritical and promote this kind of behavior. People trusted you, and you let them down. Now your going to excuse your behavior? Your not going to address the situation on your main channel where most of your audience is? Wow. Out of all YouTubers I never thought you would be the one getting called out for partying during a global pandemic. People are dying from this and you see patients. PATIENTS WHO ARE SICK. You spread that to people who are already sick you can get them killed. Unsubscribed from you and never watching your videos agian.
i am disgusted that a medical professional would do this, and somehow make excuses for himself when he sees first hand most likely almost everyday people dying from covid or being diagnosed. you know how bad this pandemic is, excusing your behavior and bending cdc rules to fit your situation is WRONG. you can’t even post this “apology” to your main channel where more people can see it. you’re not sorry because what you did affected people, you’re sorry because you got caught. going to a party is a choice, not a mistake
Trash
I love karma !
Waste of space
Bye you’re actually such a hypocrite and a liar. Absolutely disgusting.
You're a joke. Admitting when I'm wrong is a 4 minute clip on a small channel without the like-dislike ratio and where you actually proclaim to not be wrong??? You might be a doctor, but you are not here bc you care about other people. You are here bc of the same reason you became an influecer: to feed your inmense ego.
Pretty sneaky not posting this on the main Chanel. But still, just another influencer saying one thing and doing the opposite. You're risk is low? Tell this to the young people who died already...  And you are a doctor? No wonder people believe in conspiracy theorys.....
Why this is not published in your MAIN channel too?
Should’ve apologized on your main channel
I’m so disgusted I had to learn this from D’Angelo because you’re too much of a coward to even put this on your main channel were many more of your fans would see this. It’s disgusting you were telling us all about the things we had to do to stay safe but you think it’s ‘okay’ to fly to Miami and party. I’m unsubscribing from your channel and will never watch one of your videos again.
so this is your apology... which isn’t on your main channel? because you would rather lie and hide behind an account with less viewers... anyone with a brain knows, you weren’t concerned about covid, because if you were... you wouldn’t have gone at all... this is extremely shocking behavior from a doctor
Doctor Mike... I am so happy that someone who I actually respect called you out and showed this video to me. Disgusting. I don’t care what you have to say, so I’m not watching the video to give you watch time. As a DOCTOR, you should hold yourself to a 1000% higher standard. You inspired me to pursue family medicine, and now the person who I greatly admired could have just killed someone for their recklessness. Also posting to a channel with less than 1/6 of your audience? That’s really disappointing. I guess people can’t be pretty and smart, even though that was one of your goals for your channel. Hope your covid vaccine works so you have a less likely chance of possibly killing people.
Put it on the main channel, frat boy
I'm so disappointed in you. You posted this to THIS channel because you don't want your entire fanbase to see what you did.. all for a surprise party with a bunch of playboy bunnies.. Shame on you. I thought so highly of you..
it's a no from me dog 🤮
Yes you are a human and so are the people that you potentially infected with covid. This is not okay and if you being a doctor did not get that from the start how do you want people to believe you. You are just another arrogant person that believes he's above everything. Hope that party was worth potentially infecting more people.
I'm not gonna judge someone for being human. It was a bad call for sure but there are 7 billion people who make bad calls sometimes. Do you learn from a mistake is what really matters.
the fact that this wasn't the end of his youtube career?? he doesn't deserve a public platform smfh
The put this in your main channel you coward!
(This is not a hate comment):  First, dr.mike should have posted his "apology" video on his main channel, then even if what he did was totally wrong, he could at least have done sincere apologies and admit his mistakes and his choices by not blaming anyone other than himself (it was his choice therefore his fault); knowing that he is a doctor and that he must be aware of the health restrictions (since he encourages his viewers to follow them). Then the photo where we see him not following his own instructions made me will have a hard time seeing him again as the responsible, aware, beneficent and ethical dr.mike . Now he allows with his act as a doctor the Trumpists and Co. to discredit science even more than they already do .
"I live alone so I won't put anyone else at risk" You complete idiot. You were travelling there and back on a plane. Of course you were putting people at risk.
Being a role model to millions means you have to do every little thing a hundred times better than the rest of us. If you want us to keep a 1m distance, you keep 10m. If you want us to stay home most of the time, you stay at home all the time. You do your maximum so we would be motivated to do the bare minimum. Sure its hard, but you signed up for it. Find a way to fix it (this video wont do)
Disgusting, as a doctor you should have your license taken away. That bullshit you said you checked to take this risk isn’t excuse.
Listen here you hypocrite. what makes us furious is that you have privilege. If you want to cope with your mental health why don't you go somewhere more serene, peaceful, with small group of FRIENDS like 5 maybe and CHILLL. You can purchase any vacation but you choose to party. Don't use yout knowledge as excuse to deceive people. LMAO CLOWNN🤡
I am so unbelievably disappointed in you.
LMAOOOOO DID YOU JUST DELETE MY COMMENT, WHEN ALL I WAS SAYING "YOUR MASK IS SLIPPING🤡"
Why didn’t you just say no. You could have expressed your gratitude and still declined because of COVID. if you had good friends I’m sure they would have understood, especially given that you’re a medical professional with an influence
You don't even have the resolve to post this to your main channel. That cheapens your apology even more. I can't believe I once trusted you.
you have but distrust of the medical community into the public, congratulations.
I am sorry but I call BS. You are a medical professional. You should know better. You took an oath. You are probably in contact with multiple people per day and putting them at risk. You are misquoting guidelines to suit your agenda. As a person in the scientific community I am appalled. You need to decide are you an influencer or a Doctor? And grow a pair and post this on your main channel... you coward.
How dare you.
All the profit you've made from your covid videos and you can't even follow your own guidelines or give a real apology 👎
So you give your own audience WRONG CDC information to excuse your party? The guideline you showed us is for SWIMMING, not boating. AND THEN YOU HAVE THE AUDACITY TO CALL PEOPLE OUT FOR SPREADING MISINFORMATION. I hate to tell you this, but you are a hypocrite
You took a risk assessment on yourself but what about everybody else at that party? :( travelled unnecessarily and just tried to use the guidelines wrong to justify yourself?? nooo dr mike this ain't it.
pathetic
DR.mike is TRASH   DANGELO WALLACE - 2021
Such a coward he can’t even post it on his main page.....
dr.mike was the very last person that I imagined would do an apology video while Hiding the number of likes/dislikes. I thought he was actually genuinely apologizing for a second until I noticed that.
How dare you take CDC guidelines and facts and twist them to attempt to justify and make your objectively bad decision seem "less bad"
Gross, I always knew there was something wrong about you.
HYPOCRITE. You should be stripped of your license.
Absolutely pathetic you didn't upload this on your main channel.
Why is this not on the main channel
When a preacher does not act upon his own knowledge, what he preaches will fall off people’s hearts the way water falls off a rock. — Ibn al-Jawzi
You saying you arent at risk literally IS WHY WE ARE STILL IN A PANDEMIC. I unsubscribed and unfollowed, I'm done giving my time to someone who doesn't care enough to practice what they preach
The problem is, he apologizes then he's like "But it's because of such and such." he also doesn't clearly. state what he did wrong. h should have started the video with: I messed up. I went to a party on a boat in Miami and I wasn't following safe protocals
man.... i wish he meant what he said
Hahaha you're a fool!
The way he talks as if he's speaking to children. X_x ew
This made me so angry, and it seems to me its clear as day that he doesn't feel bad about it or even intend to do better as he's posted this on his second channel, he's trying to justify it to himself. Let me tell you about my 2020, in July I got made redundant from a company i'd given 2 and a half years of my life to and all they had to say was "when will you be returning your uniform". I was distraught beyond belief, I felt like I had failed, but I live paycheck to paycheck so nothing to do but dry off those tears and look for a new job. Found one, that lasted for 3 weeks and then the business closed due to covid. After countless interviews i found another job, but this one too looks like it might close permenantly as they have been closed for months due to lockdown restrictions and can't keep paying rent with no income. During this time my depression flared up and frankly I wanted to kill myself and I felt cheated by the world. I had worked hard and given it my all for my job, and now that's being taken away from me and the only jobs I can get are minimum wage and right back at square one. I have followed all the lockdown rules continuosly throughout this pandemic and to watch Dr. Mike party with his friends on a boat because he couldn't possibly miss his birthday celebrations and blatantly breaking his own advice has really highlighted the difference between them and us. Ultimately they expect us the public to make the sacrifice, on top of the sacrifices we are already making like a huge loss of income or even your entire livelihood (which are not things they have to deal with), whilst they party on boats and throw caution to the wind. Whilst doctor Mike expected me to stay at home and socially distance on my birthday, which on the 31st of December is exactly what I did for my 25th birthday, he seems to not hold himself to such high regard, I mean it's his 31st, of course he flew across the country to party with his mates on a boat, he's only human. Honestly I feel like we've all been fooled. I have, unlike doctor Mike, actually followed his advice, and frankly I'm sick of it. I'm sick of crying over my lost jobs, struggling with suicide as I didn't want to start the horrible process of finding another job in the middle of a pandemic, sitting in the house freezing wrapped in layers of fabric as I can no longer afford to have the heating on, of the financial burden of having nothing to eat but trying not to let my mind wander into thoughts of suicide, whist I do everything that's being asked of me and follow every guideline, and whilst Dr Mike thinks it's fine to party on a boat with a bunch of people without taking any measures to contain covid, and thus very likely his actions will have contributed to the pandemic dragging on even longer than it already had, taking.more lives and destroying the remains of those that it spares. I implore you to move this to your normal channel, and to start thinking about other people during this pandemic. I used to think you were a doctor because you wanted to help people, but it seems clear to me that you're only in it for the rewards, privillages and lifestyle  afforded you by being a doctor. I hope this was a lapse of.judgement though your justification for it is laughable, however I fear it's just an example of a pattern of behaviour that you keep very much off screen
Why didn't he post it on his MAIN channel ?!?!! Wthhhhhh
As a fellow physician, I refuse to accept your nonsensical excuses. You are a disgrace to the profession.
These comments ain’t it.  I’m not here to say if he was in the wrong or not, but what I am gonna say is the hate and unnecessary name calling is not right and won’t solve anything  Edit: I do think this should’ve went on the main channel where most viewers would have seen it tho
I don't even wear mask While going into a hotel :D and also..i forgot to take my mask..S.O.O. .C.O.O.L
I'm just so disappointed... the level of excuses and justification... You are human and allowed mistakes but going to Miami was a choice not an accident. You probably won't even read any of these comments since you know they will be mostly negative towards you.
Wow social media is so toxic!!  I bet sooo many people in this comment section have not followed the guidelines at one point or another. People are a fucking joke these days.
alright but what’s with all the ladies in bikinis? 🤨
"They're doing research to make you safe" it's not like we're  mad abt the people in the medical field. WE ARE MAD THAT YOU ARE TRYING TO TWIST THEIR HARD RESEARCHED INFORMATION FOR YOUR OWN BENEFIT. YOU CAN'T NINJA YOUR WAY OUT OF HERE. Dude just own up and like put this on your main channel a fraction of your following may be affected but this just shows that this is an act of cowardice.
He didn’t even post this on his main channel though!!? He’s the worst.
The fact that you chose to very well knowingly break the very rules that you presented and preached to your audience is disgusting. Not only that but the fact that you are 30 ?!?! years old and AN ACUTAL DOCTOR is the most embarrassing part of it all. Because of people like you who prioritize your selfish fun, loved ones are dying all alone in hospital rooms without anyone by their side. We are ALL human, but some of us have the intellect and empathy to understand lives are more important than a yacht party.
Shame on you, how embarrassing. You were out here being the poster boy of 'stay at home' and there you are on a boat in Miami when you're literally watching people dying from this virus every day. You are disgusting.
You're an embarrassment. Stop being defensive and own up to doing the wrong thing.
Why isn’t this on your main channel? Are you a “do as I say not as I do” type of person? So disappointing.
So not only are you a hypocrite but so is your video title.
You're not even posting this on your main channel? That's pretty gross. I didn't even KNOW you had a second channel, and I'm pretty sure that goes for a lot of people. Pretty sure that's what you were hoping for, though. If people don't see you posted an apology, they won't even know you did anything to be sorry for. That sucks, I really liked your content. Oh well
D'Angelo Wallace called you OUT coward. This apology is embarrassing
Honestly, when I heard D'Angelo call you out i was HEARTBROKEN. I literally could not believe you would do something like this after saying so many times how we should act during this pandemic. This is absolutely unacceptable and you need to actually take responsibility for your actions. You should be ashamed of yourself.
At least he owned up to it, said he was truly sorry, so it’s not completely justification. I get all the anger, and how he should have put it on his first channel, but how else would an apology get any ‘realer’ than this?
You should lose your license for that tbh
There are so many things wrong with this “apology” I don’t even know where to start. But I am sure other people see it as well. To mention just one thing, if you thought this was an important message, it would have gone on your main channel.
Some doctor....
Its honestly sad how you couldn’t even post your so called “apology” in your main channel, If your going to apologize cut the bs and actually do a proper apology in which you own up to you mistakes. You preach how we all should stay at home and then party with your friends when millions of people are dying because of  covid 19, its honestly sad and pathetic how you’ve gotten away with your actions.
Pure unadulterated bullsh*t
Wow! Seriously this is fucked up and I'm so shocked and disgusted by your action !
What an absolute clown
At least you gave apology. Every one else who went out got mad when people called them out and said they justed needed a break.
dissapointing
How about you "admit you were wrong" on your main channel? This is so disappointing. Good to know I've been staying inside for an entire year while you're raw dogging the pandemic with your face in Miami.
You are more an influencer than a doctor now,  what happened to protecting people...Go to LA, and join all the parties there as well.
I’m not mad Mike, I’m disappointed. Can you improve as a person? Yes. Could you have made a better apology? Yes. Do you want people to see this even though you “feel bad?” No, you clearly don’t.  Are you a doctor who should know better? Yes. Come on, I was a fan of you. You can do better.
As a nurse this is truly heartbreaking. Definitely unsubscribing. Also thanks D’angelo for making me aware of this incident. Dr. Mike how about you post a more factually accurate and genuine video on your main channel? So you know... your 6 MILLION subscribers can see it?
I’m so disappointed to see Dr. Mike not only disregarding covid guidelines, but making excuses for doing so. At least take responsibility for your mistakes. He said it kills him to have people leaving bad comments. Do you know what kills me? My mom, intubated in the ICU with covid, and I can’t even visit her.
I give Dr. Mikhail "Mike" Varshavski D.O. 0/5 stars. you disgut me.
Clown
If people keep following him after this, they are just plain idiots. At this point, he is more an influencer than a doctor to be honest
Wow, just found out this happened.... you were one of the good ones. Unsubed
Omg this is so so embarrassing at least get an acting lesson first 😭🙄
I'm so horribly dissapointed in you Mike. How dare you. You chose this "influencer" life, so live up to it. No excuses. You knew better and didn't care.
Do you realize how many people you put at risk? Not only because you broke guidelines, or because you're A FUCKING DOCTOR, but because there's a lot of people who trust your advice. How can you preach staying at home and do this? You don't deserve your platform.
Coward, and a disgrace to medicine and science. This isn't a mistake, but a lack of empathy
Wtf is this comment section. Like i know he shouldn’t go on the boat party or what, but don’t be mad at his apology video. Imagine if he didn’t post at all. And as he said his risks where small.
You are a hypocrite and it's disappointing to know of what you did.
As a doctor myself, I must say, people tend to have a very high standard for doctors. I don’t condone dr.Mike’s behavior, but.. Doctors are people too. And everyone gets a little hypocritical sometimes. Especially doctors, because we have spent years studying about what is good and bad for the human body.. Sometimes we all do wrong things, we often know better. I know some doctors that smoke, doctors that eat a lot of unhealthy foods and even doctors that still shake hands with their patients despite COVID19, is this wrong? definitely. Like Mike, me and every other human on this planet, we have all made a lot of mistakes, the important part is that we learn and don’t repeat.  It’s fine that people have a need to speak up when a mistake is made. All mistakes have consequences, and they should, but the critique should always be constructive. The mistake was made, let’s move on, respect this person and allow him to do better.
wow you're a slimeball.
Misusing CDC information, deflecting guilt and making excuses (bullshit ones at that) for the countless times you put other people at risk is disgusting. You weren’t wearing a mask, the shirt you wore on ur face didnt even cover your nose (and a shirt is not a fit supplement for a mask) like cmon - no, i dont care if it was a surprise (if thats even true) - you knowingly took a flight to Miami.....you were on a boat with more than 8 people, you are a sorry excuse for a doctor.
stop guys, I can't like all of the comments lol. but man this was crazy, really nasty and disappointing
Wow. Disgusting. You deserve to lose all your followers for this.
Привет Майк, как дела
You manipulated the CDC Guidelines to fit your narrative. That's the genuine worst part of this. A trained medical professional who's taking guidelines and manipulating them to be what you want them to be. This is a lot of the reason why people don't trust doctors, and you've talked about the stigma in the medical field before. Thank you for adding to the same thing you were advocating against.
If I hadn't seen D'angelo's video and learned about what you did, I would have never known I was supporting a hypocrite. You don't have the guts to post this on your main channel and turn on the dislikes, and you didn't have the decency to provide the people that looked up to you with a real, genuine apology. You are a coward and do not deserve to judge and tell others to do what you didn't have the decency and empathy to do. This wasn't a mistake Doctor Mike, this just showed us your true colors.
I haven't watched a Doctor Mike video in a while. I legit though "Huh I bet he's been cancelled by now. That's the way the world works these days" I look him up and what's the first thing I find? People cancelling him for something he did. Called it.
Not okay. You can see he's so proud of himself for admitting he's wrong. Don't excuse your dumb decisions on being human. We humans don't claim him.
First of all ge can do what he wants he is a normal person that wanted to just get out and  Enjoy himself atugf happens either way i still love you doctor mike
Shouldn’t have posted this on your smaller channel. I’m disappointed. No matter how you made it seem, it tells us that you’re hiding this apology.
Well done Mike you apologized.  You apologized on a 75k sub chanel where you could have apologized on you 6 mil sub main chanel and you hid your likes. Thank you for exposing yourself. You are honestly trash, unsub.
here before comments are deleted
Mike, you are a doctor, It doesn't matter your risk, you are putting your patients in danger. You go outside with bear right? People in the streets are in risk then You were visiting your dad right? He's in risk then
Dr Mike: Covid BAD, stay home.  Also Dr Mike: ayy surprise yacht party? say no more
Just admit it, you're a selfish coward :)
Should have know he was a bad egg from the Dr Hope situation, Dr Mike should be struck off
Hi I hope you read this, love how irresponsible and selfish you are. I’m glad that D’Angelo is exposing pathetic people like you who have the choice and ability to inform us, to keep us safe. Yet you decide a materialistic yacht party is better than keeping human lives safe. Let’s be real, you are a doctor more for views than practice. What a disappointment. The fact that you’ll still keep your qualifications even after this incident is embarrassing.
For the entirety of 2020 I haven’t gone out.  Not to a single birthday party.  Not to a single Christmas or thanksgiving dinner.  Not to any type of event. If I’m a regular teenager that can do this, then a wholeass doctor that understands the risks of covid THE MOST should do it to. You seriously let us down.
bad, bad, bad. you know partying is not acceptable when people are dying.
Please understand that you’re an influencer. People go to your channel when they need medical questions answered. The hypocrisy you’ve done is only gonna make people care less about their safety/everyone else’s and go out maskless and all these parties.
"I live alone I dont put anyone at risk" Is a doctor
I'm honestly very dissapointed at him. I get it, he is a human and makes mistakes but as a certified doctor AND influencer, his "mistake" becomes huge. And bruh, the fact that he posted it in this channel makes it seem like he was trying to hide it, I thought you were better Doctor Mike... I just lost a loved one and this really breaks my heart, it's simply disgusting, period.
People that have a valid reason to travel don't even do it, but you can do whatever you want right? I couldn't go see my family when my uncle passed away. It was devastating. It still hurts because I STILL haven't been able to see them. And you went out to party. Disgusting. Truly disgusting.
As a Med student I always looked up to you and enjoyed your content but it's clear to see that the fame has gone to your head. It's more important to you to be an "influencer" now than a good doctor..
not even on the main channel.Yeah. Nope. Bye.
LIAR. Don't embarrass yourself with lies like these. You don't fool anyone. You're a disgrace and have insulted all the REAL medical people who put themselves at risk TO HELP OTHERS fight COVID-19. What I see is you HELPING YOURSELF while others are dying. Shame on you. SHAME ON YOU.
Coward
Post this on your main channel and then I will see if your apology is adequate. I can't even hear your name without feeling disgusted!
Dude why isn’t this on your main channel I lost a lot of respect for you today
When someone does this you educate them, but you're alredy well educated and still did it, you had pacients that die of this man, you could kill your family and you know it, you are woke and conscious about this bs. What the hell? Partying like you were a tiktoker, you even hide your apology cuz till now you been doing so well instead of apologizing for more than 5 minutes, list your mistakes one by one as you should and don't spread misinformation about protocols you didn't respect! You should've think of this backlash when you jump in in a yacht party with no even a mask.
Guys we've all seen our friends at least once during the pandemic, so why why are you attacking him ..... Especially that shouldnt be a Scandal in the us , since many people don't wear masks and lockdown was almost a joke compared to where I live (Germany) so, he's wrong ok I get It, but you wouldve done the same if yoou were him.
Wow just wow You are A medical professional lecturing ppl about covid 19 yet you can't follow basic guidelines
Why did he post this on his least successful channel? How does a whole doctor make a mistake like this? Nah fam. Super disappointed.   "Let me do this... later, I will say it was a mistake"... agh
you are literally a doctor, sort yourself out
I mean, this is how to stay relevant now. Do something controversial, with the comfort of knowing your privilege will likely have you falling forwards.  He's not even sorry he got caught. Business is business.
1. Truth is, there isn't any lesson that a somewhat smart person needed to learn, let alone a medical professional.  2. To use the cdc guidelines on swimming to justify not wearing a mask on a yacht ist just ludicrious. It enables wishful rationalisation of all sorts. And there is enough of that going around. 3. Posting this on this channel rather than the main and disabling like/dislike ratio.  All that is very dishonest. Disappointed in the action AND the apology.
You're a frontline worker. You're in the worst affected country in the world, working in the highest risk environment... but you're "low risk".
Dude cut your losses and quit your day job. You very clearly hold more value in being a pretty boy influencer than you do being a doctor. Your patients deserve better.
"Point of Clarity: Boat guidelines state a maximum of 10 people or 50% capacity of the boat whichever is GREATER. The boat capacity is 90 people." You were more than ten on the picture    - -'   Guess they don't teach maths in med school !
Well... I hope everyone unsubscribes and you lose the monetisation that you have made from telling people to STAY AT HOME.
You're literally a medical professional, you have no excuse.
Don’t be shy, post it to your main channel
put it on your main channel.    PUT IT ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL
mans took the hypocritical oath instead of the Hippocratic one
Whoever is hating on him, hear me out, he made a mistake and he accepted it. We all make mistakes, even  really big ones. If you have a loved one or someone who died because of COVID, i understand you and respect your opinion. But this doesn't mean that you will hate on a guy who is truthful and is accepting his blunder and really does feel guilty So please, don't start a fight in the comments or make and post videos about his confession trying to make him feel guilty because he already does and that's extremely rude.
to everyone who supports him, thank you. you are the ones who know how hard being a professional is, because even professionals make mistakes. dont let the hateful people bring you down
Mr Mike, this breaks my heart so much.  You live alone but you have your patients, whom are your responsibility as a doctor.  This really breaks my heart.  It hurts because I really thought you were one of the few giving a light to this issue, and because of your title as a doctor, people who are indecisive about the misinformation could actually get the right direction and guidance from you.  After this, I am so disappointed. It really hurts.   My mom died of cancer amid covid pandemic, cases in my country at that time were high.  We couldn't have a proper funeral, my grandma couldn't say goodbye to her daughter, any of our family members could travel to see if we, her son and daughters, were okay.  (My heart is with all the people who couldn't say goodbye properly to their loved ones because of C-19.)  Months after that, my aunt who is now the one in charge of us, got covid. And we got so freaking scared, I got scared, I didn't want to lose someone else. Again.  Thankfully she was able to overcome this. But gosh it was terrifying.  And it breaks me every time I see people so carelessly doing what they want instead of what they should.  I really hope you stop explaining excuses, and do your best to show with actions, instead of words, what you are and who you are.  I really hope you don't loose a loved one, I hope you are able to learn the lesson without crying in front of a tomb knowing they will never come back, knowing they will never hug you back, they will never tell you they love you. Waking up at midnight and thinking it was just a nightmare, calling out their name just to realize that no one is answering, and they will never do. I hope for you to be better, because believe me, being in the other side of the coin is painful and scary. I wish for you to never experience it just in order to learn something you already new from the very beginning. I wish a lot of growth for you and from you. Please keep yourself safe.
Why is this not on your main channel? I have been looking for this because people have been talking about how one of my favourite you tubers had done this. You are a doctor how could you out of all people think this was ok?
white rich dude tells you why you're wrong for 4 minutes
Wow. Didn't even know about this until now. Guess that's why it was strategically uploaded to the secondary channel.
This guy is garbage. Just tell the truth - your buddy said you’d get laid if you came out on the cruise and you caved
Lol. Everyone screaming here is pretty funny :p you realise he didn’t have to post this at all, right?  I like how people think they can say super harmful things because it’s just a YouTube video
Hey dude, here’s what I want to know. Why would any of your friends think that YOU of all people would be into a maskless party on a yacht in the middle of a global pandemic that you’ve been preaching about for months? I’m going to hazard a guess that it’s because you are not the person that you display yourself to be on the Internet. We see you man, and you can F right off with this bullshit “apology”. Never watching anything of yours again.
I'm just so fucking dissappointed, I would have expected this behaviour from literally anyone but you. Influencers are completely out of touch with reality, even if they are freaking medical doctors. It's literally in times like these when people show their true colors, not just by acting the way you did, but also posting this half assed "apology" on a channel that isn't even your main one so this can go as unnoticed as possible. I just can't believe this is the real you.
I had no idea about this, it isn’t even on his main channel, definitely not supporting him anymore
“I’m healthy and young so the risk is lower” How could you say that mike, this virus attacks old or young. My coworker whom is 32 got covid, completely healthy and was admitted to the hospital for a week. She almost went to ICU. I am a covid nurse, I CANT see friends, I CANT go out, I CANT see family. I am isolated. Without a choice. This wasn’t even a true apology.
Posting this "apology" in your second channel is the most disgusting thing a public person can do! Did you at least went to full quarantine before work again with patients? And what a shitty apology. "I apologize but actually I don't!"
How many people had to find out about his deception through D'Angelo? If it weren't for that amazing, strong person, barely anyone would know about this trash. Shame on you Mr. Mike.
Put this video into your main channel & see what's the reaction from the people who support you, my good doctor. People make mistake bcoz of us being human. A doctor, especially yourself who always reminding the rest of us the seriousness of this pandemic but at the same time doing the opposite on what you are preaching, It's a bit disappointing. You should know better. I hope that you learn your lesson & be more careful next time around. Many people look up to you Doctor, including me. Be safe everyone. Edit: Btw I learn this debacle from another YouTuber which is not even related to medical at all.
Gurl!!!! Post this video on your other account! I just got from from Dangelowallace’s video
Wait. Why it's everyone hating on him so much
Love how you want to hide this apology by not even posting it on your main channel
The damage is done sir✋
Not a subscriber but im going to unsubscribe you anyway😗
Grateful for D'Angelo for making me aware of this situation. I was a casual watcher of Dr.Mike and therefore didn't get this second channel video up in my recommendations. What a dissapoitnment.
You, Dr. Mike, and all these people with huge platform have one thing in common, you all don't know how to apologize.  God bless everyone. Love for the people who follow CoVid 19 protocols. To the people who are mostly affected by the pandemic, those who have to get out of their houses to work or study, I really hope things get better soon for you and your loved ones.
Dr Mike, I love you man but you told us that we shouldn't go outside and always wear the mask but you're doing whatever you want. I accept your apology and you're cool for now but you are a Doctor, you need to do better and this isn't a mistake. A mistake is like dropping something on accident, you agreed to the people not even thinking about the risks and that you're friends could've died from Covid-19 because of this. I'll forgive you for now but this will be a life lesson from now on
Spit on the face of real doctors and nurses
I am very disappointed in you and very much at these pathetic excuses. I hope you will do better in the future for sure.
So... where’s the updated apology? My fiancé and I have been fans of yours for a long time. We are both sincerely disappointed in you and will miss your content, but we can’t support your reckless actions and the subsequent behavior you displayed. Do better.
A mistake is when you call someone the wrong name. A choice is going to a giant super spreader event, knowing the potential consequences, and trying to cover up the fact that you did it by posting it on a second channel.
Why are you hiding this apology on this channel and not posting it on your main one?  Dr. Mike I'm really disappointed.  You're making excuses.  You shouldn't have traveled, you could have said thanks but no thanks. You should have cared enough about your friends to say to them this isn't safe.  Now all your preaching on covid just looks like a rush for views.  This is abhorrent.
Wow. You didn't even post this on your main channel. And still uploading videos there. Acting like nothing happened. Amazing.
Lol. Hypocrite.
It’s a HELL NO from me. Unsubscribed immediately 🤦🏽‍♀️
I was your fan... I loved you... and I trusted that you wouldn't do something like this... IM REALLY DISAPPOINTED... 😔
I always got bad vibes from you. Thank you for validating them ❤️
You don't need to apologize, you know exactly what you were doing. People will and are mad at you, but it's okay most people will still rally behind you either because of your influence, content or your pretty look. There will be no major repercussion of it and you will not suffer because of this in a significant way. Must be nice to have a life like that, huh?
Clown you attacked the science by being negligent and forgetting about your position as an influencer now. You need to get off YouTube or subject yourself fully to the restrictions that you are spouting. We don’t care that you are human. Putting this on your second account shows you are not really apologetic
You shouldn’t have to apologize for living your life. One trip on a boat will be fine. I go to work every day with 20 kids in a classroom. No Covid yet. People are very dramatic, shake it off and keep making great content!
Why don’t you put this on the main channel
Get better friends wtf?! How would friends who know you’re a doctor throw you a party during a pandemic this makes no sense
You absolutely should’ve uploaded this on your main channel where most of your fans who believed that you actually took this pandemic seriously would see it, I I have never been so disgusted by a medical professional, you tried to justify everything and then just quickly saying “I messed up“ it’s ridiculous and that’s not a sufficient response. You should be ashamed and you should now being a medical professional that people are unable to dispose of their loved ones dead bodies because of the pandemic, you have lost my respect and I don’t think I’ve been more disappointed in somebody then I am you. This apology was extremely tone deaf. It’s obvious that this party was being hidden so he wouldn’t get cancelled, and it’s obvious that he is trying to downplay this apology by uploading it on a channel that no one knows about, I had no idea this channel existed until I saw in a third-party video.
And here I thought you were one of the few good people left.
(here from D'Angelo's video) This is actually heartbreaking. I'm trying to go to medical school so that I can help people and I looked up to you so much. You seemed so nice and caring and just passionate about what you do. And then I discovered that you did *this* in the middle of a pandemic. It would've been more excusable if it were some other youtuber doing it, but you're literally a doctor. You took the Hippocratic oath to do no harm onto others and then did something that was very harmful to others. I'm not even angry, I'm just shocked, confused, and disappointed overall. I thought that out of all of the people I watched and looked up to, you wouldn't be one to get into any controversy, but I guess I was wrong. I guess that 300k death toll (which as of February 1st, is at 442k) wasn't enough for you to come to your senses and realize how reckless this was.  I just can't believe you'd do something like this. I know you won't see this and that one comment from a stranger on the internet won't mean a lot to you, but your channel meant a lot to me. My fault for having heroes apparently, because without fail, they'll end up disappointing you.
Pathetic, Mike, pathetic.
I follow your main channel, I watched your interview with Dr. Fauci and learned FROM YOU; how am I just seeing this...?
No one should be looking at this guy for medical advice
*rolls eyes
You only apologized cause you got caught also you showed SWIMMING guidelines not BOAT guidelines
Honestly so disgusted by this. I am a public health worker and USED TO recommend you to friends and family to help understand complicated topics. I provide COVID-19 safety guidance to facilities attempting to reopen and you misquoted so many legitimate CDC guidances to fit your own needs. I could forgive if you admitted it was wrong but to spread misinformation on critical precautions to take to prevent the spread of COVID-19 is unforgivable. How many have used and spread this misinformation? How many business owners or parents will follow this BS and put themselves at risk because you said it was safe? Gtfo.
Why did you post this apology here instead of on the channel where your fans and the people who were trusting you for your insight as a doctor would see it?  It feels like you're trying to hide that it happened, which i guess worked since I only just heard about this, but it feels very disappointing... I can't blame you for wanting to spend time with your friends on your birthday, but there's no excuse for not following social distancing and mask guidelines *especially* after you talk so much and berate people on your main channel for doing exactly that.  It's bad enough when idiot internet "influencers" break quarantine and get all up in each others' faces and don't wear their masks, but you're a doctor that a lot of people trusted and really listened to when he said "stay safe, stay inside, stay socially distanced, ect".  It just feels kind of gross finding out about it this way, seeing that you've been posting meme review videos and other fun topics while hiding the fact that you went directly against your own words and promoted guidelines from your audience.  I know nobody's perfect, and social media stars are always held to unreasonable standards of putting on a good perfect face and it's unfair, but like... you are literally a doctor, so you should be held to a much higher standard in a case like this.  I don't hate you and I'm sorry if this comment sounds mean, but it's really disheartening when even the doctors you looked up to and trusted as a source for the truth don't practice what they preach.
One only realizes the impact of a mistake, when they let it impact them.... Not a very strong start apologizing to only 1/7 (-1) of your viewership. Apologizing because it was a mistake as an influencer instead of admitting it was a mismanagement of "risk" means your moral compass will allow you to do this again as long as you don't get caught. You're worried about the wrong risk. Risk: getting caught > Risk: giving people covid, that's all this apology really said.
you really said clownery 💀
You are a whole doctor....I looked up to you. You didn't even have the nerve to post it on your main channel😐...guess privilege before anything else...right  ?
Its disappointing to have your implicit trust in a medical professional broken, but he's an influencer. I shouldn't have been surprised. On a seperate note: wear a tighter shirt Mike, it makes us trust you more
Not the doctor who is watching his colleagues killing themselves saving people 🥴
As much as it has already been reiterated.. sir this is not a mistake, a mistake is doing something without realizing the consequences. You knew your consequences and you CHOSE to do this: it was not a mistake, it was a choice. That alone takes away your integrity as a doctor and a person people trusted. From a basic teenager to a doctor: Grow up and stop letting stupid internet fame, money, and entitlement get into your head. Grow up.
Dr Mike I was such a fan :( I probably still will be but I'm really disappointed. This apology wasn't even on your main channel.
no dude, in this situation you aren’t *just* a human, you are a medical professional. your “mistakes” make a wayyy bigger impact because people TRUST you. that excuse is not good enough. And then you have the audacity to not even own up on your main channel? You know EXACTLY what you’re doing. I really liked you, but this is too much. What a slimy hypocrite
Wow I am disappointed you absolute hypocrite.
Excuse u people he is also human he can make mistakes.  He is not perfect.  He did consider all the facts about it. If he wasn't on social media  u people wouldn't even know.  If he didn't or someone didn't post the picture u people wouldn't have known.  Yes he tells us not go out and all that stuff but u guys are supposed to be people who support him.  He made a mistake let it fucking go. Covid is affecting everyone but it doesn't mean he doesn't have the right to go where he wants to.  Again u guys forget he checked the facts.  Just because u can't go see ur family without putting them in danger doesn't mean other can't so u guys should chill. He is a good doctor and he tries his best but nobody is perfect.
Wow mike. Just wow. You were a role model for me up until this point.
Likes and dislikes were turned off in this channel, you put it in your channel with a smaller subscriber count.   Half the video is you attempting to justify the risks that you took on behalf of everyone you met while the rest of the universe can barely leave their houses while you fly to Miami to go partying on a boat. Yeah, you just seem super, duper sincere, dude.   Totally legit apology bro, you're totally not a sub-human piece of trash.  Just kidding.
Why isn’t this on your main channel Dr. Mike? Trying to hide this video from your viewers?
Grow up and take responsibility. Don't downplay what u did. U should be more aware than anyone else how irresponsible u were and probably still r
No room on the main channel, huh?
It’s the going to Miami on your birthday, not wearing a proper mask, disregarding social distancing, and then calling the media out when you exhibit dangerous behaviors as a licensed medical professional for me...
This should be on the main channel, putting this on your second channel is just avoiding responsibility. I didn't know about this until D'Angelo Wallace commented on it in a pretty emotional video. There are people dying of covid, people missing their loved ones or fearing for them, people facing financial disaster due to covid, and many others in horrible situations. At the beginning of this pandemic, there was a lot of confusion and fear due to the lack of leadership, you stepped up and did a great job telling people to be alert and not anxious. You quickly became seen as a trustworthy source, you took on that responsibility, but then you went against everything you advised, and made an empty apology video and didn't even post it to your main chanel. I gotta unsubscribe
Stop justifying your error. You are a doctor. You don't care
This is why I have trust issues 🙃
I DONT CARE about your statistics for YOUR vulnerability. That’s such a selfish start to this video.... and it’s on the wrong channel! It has been A MONTH and I ONLY FOUND OUT TODAY. FIVE MINUTES AGO.  I am disappointed more than words. Hiding this apology had made me unfollow. If it was GENUINE, that would be a different story.
The likes already got disabled, I fear the comments are next
NO WONDER I NEVER EVEN KNEW ABOUT THIS. THIS ISNT YOUR MAIN CHANNEL.
you should have your license stripped away. absolutely unacceptable.
Actual trash. I had you in such a high place, and finding this out was straight up disappointing. I hope you get your medical license revoked.
So, only a few people like me found out about this apology video before and now I'm so happy that people are finally coming here from D'Angelo because his B.S. needs to be called out.
At least upload this to your main channel, coward.
*cough cough* bullshit
He removed the like and dislike bar
You got to party while my dad couldn't hold a funeral for my late mom who passed away suddenly last month! What an unfair dirtbag you are!
The fact that you buried this so deep that I only found out from Dangelo now...
"wearing masks during water activities" this man is intentionally obtuse
you didn't make a mistake. you got in a car, drove to the airport, walked through the airport, got on an airplane, walked through another airport, got in another car, went to a party, didn't socially distance, didn't wear a mask, and then you went home, taking whatever you were exposed to at that party with you across state lines. you should be ashamed of yourself, but you're not. i hate that i ever gave you a single view.
Nice, maybe post on your actual main channel? This is TWO MONTHS old and I had no idea, so I guess your intention of burying this apology and your “mistake” worked.
You’re such an hypocrite.
Good job disabling likes and posting the video on your second channel.👏   Dr. Mike  You let me down, You let your followers down, You let your patients down,  You let the world down.
not him turning off the dislike ratio—
I'm really, really disappointed in you. Can't believe I'm seeing this over 2 months after it happened and you weren't the one telling me.
Go away
I am SO disappointed, the fact that I'm finding out about this a full TWO MONTHS after it happened because of someone else's video is disgusting. I respected you as a professional and appreciated your content, but I guess you really can't trust anyone.
Not a mistake. You made a series of choices and thought you were above it all. Disappointed but not surprised.
Honestly, we no longer trust you. You’re apology isn’t enough. Your logic isn’t sound. What a disappointment.
FYI The party not only doesn’t wear masks, tbh, anyone who had been to a real party could tell you that there is no doubt there is bed activity with all those hot models circling around there. That’s how men lust...
If you believed your apology you'd post it on your main channel with millions of subscribers...
Lol he blocked viewers to see the number of dislikes coz it was leaning in that way
Weird, I'm a Dr. Mike subscriber but didn't see this video until just now, a month after it was posted, because it was randomly recommended to me by Youtube. Why is it on this tiny channel instead of the actual Dr. Mike channel?
I've unsubscribed and so can you!
I love you Dr. Mike
This guy portrayed himself as the likeable/relatable doctor, that you can trust. But I guess he is like every other rich, entitled person lol.
I feel like it's unacceptable to post this video on a smaller channel. I watched a lot of your videos yesterday without any idea this had happened. I watched all the ads. Because there was no mention of the incident on that channel, I supported you without being given all the information. I feel like that's quite manipulative.
Uh... I'm disappointed
Wow putting an apology on a second channel that has 75k subscribers compared to your main channel that has 6.....seems real sincere. How disappointing. A doctor who people put their faith in and now you might have influenced people to not take this pandemic as seriously. YIKES. Unsubscribing unfortunately and I hope that people don't see this and think the pandemic isn't serious.....making a whole series on COVID and then breaking the basic rules of staying safe during the pandemic....
....................so you're a selfish hypocrite who doesn't deserve your platform...........got it
The fact this is on his little second channel rather than his main channel shows how much sincerity there is. I get it dude you get stressed tf out working COVID and need relief. But you are being hypocritical and you really shouldn't be making all these COVID public health videos if you yourself wouldn't be following your own advice.
Why’d you post this “apology” on this channel which has WAY less subscribers than your main channel? Wanna hide your unintelligent actions more?
So where is this video on your main channel?!?! Ahhhh got it.... Don't want to lose your followers... Riiiight 😒 You lost your Integrity!!! Can't believe I fell for this 😔😔😔
I'm not just disappointed, I'm pissed. I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed of the fact that I followed you and took any of your medical advice to heart, whether it was regarding weight loss, nutrition, or other topics, when you ignored the COVID-19 guidelines so brazenly to cozy up to scantily-clad women. I'm embarrassed that I was ever a fan of yours to begin with.   Oh, and that lady flipping off the camera in that photo? Nice touch. I imagine that's how you and your "friends" really feel about the rest of us. The feeling is mutual now. I'm actually surprised you didn't disable the comments to begin with, considering the amount of (rightful) criticism that you're getting. Stop acting like a tone deaf influencer, put a genuine apology on your MAIN channel, not this one with a pittance of followers, and remember the Hippocratic Oath.
I’m in school to get my doctorate, in a (hopefully) very short amount of time I too will share the title of doctor. Your actions make me embarrassed to soon share that title with you. The levels of hypocrisy I’m seeing are unreal, you are a medical professional for Christ sake! You didn’t just “make a mistake” you made a series of deliberate choices that fly in the face of everything you have preached since the start of the pandemic. Do not try to justify your actions or even worse, try to hide them from the people despite your claims of supposed transparency. Instead, post this apology on your main channel, tell us HOW you are going to be better, and this part is incredibly important, FOLLOW THROUGH.
you really, TRULY lost ALL YOUR CREDIBILITY. i used your videos for educational purposes, no longer feel comfortable doing that.
“I’m a human, I make mistakes” YOU’RE A MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL. Making a mistake in your position, ESPECIALLY when it’s related to the health and safety of others, is a mistake you’re absolutely NOT allowed to make. You should have known so much better than this. You of all people absolutely should’ve known way better than this.   The fact that you can be a MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL and actually have the AUDACITY to go out and party in the middle of a GLOBAL PANDEMIC that has taken more lives in the US alone than WWII did, is absolutely beyond me. I do not accept this apology. Your actions are unacceptable and despicable.
Y’all unsubscribe RIGHT NOW. Stop giving ignorant and selfish people like him a platform.
Sorry Dr. Mike, you lost a fan. It's really gross that you present one way on screen, coming off genuine and caring of the lives of others, and then go and do something like this. Unsubscribed. Super disappointed I can't trust you anymore.
Wait what did he do? I just found out who this guy is? What did he do? Please enlighten me.
It said “swimming” idiot- not boating-
Ummm... no.   Instead of a half arsed 'sorry-not-sorry' apology(?) maybe actually do contact tracing on that surely 10 people boat party crowd and try to see what the damage for your oopsie was. Maybe then you can actually stop virtue signalling and start taking responsibility.
Hey doctor mike. Look man. I watch your videos all the time. I found you through your videos of watching House MD as it’s one of my favorite shows. I’ve watched you for so long and it was so refreshing to see a doctor talk the way I’ve always wanted a doctor to speak to me. When you talk about treating patients, you talk about how you want to listen to them, allow them to ask questions and treat them with fairness. As someone who sees doctors at least once a month, is constantly in the ER, and has always felt like they were never listened to in most situations. I’ve always had to fight for the fact that I need treatment. For cysts on my ovaries, for fybromaliga and mental disorders - “hidden diseases/ailments”. When I watch your videos I always think “I wish he could be my doctor; so someone would listen to me”. But.. there’s so much wrong with the video. It’s less than 5 minutes long..the likes and dislikes aren’t available to view.. but honestly I don’t really care about that. I care about the fact that there is at least 13-14 people in very close proximity on the boat - in the picture. Now, I’m not perfect. And it says 10 max. (Please correct me if I misunderstood this). I’ve had more than a few friends over during this pandemic. But I’m not a doctor with millions of subscribers. I know you’re terrified of losing your platform. But this is hypocritical at best. The hospital you work in has a COVID unit. You work in this COVID unit. And you possibly could’ve exposed a bunch of people you care about to something you see people die from daily. How does that make sense? I look up to you, and I still do. You’re human. You’re not perfect. But it’s not easy to support you right now - honestly. I really want too but it’s gonna be hard. PLEASE - remake this video. I know you wanted to choose your words carefully, but please don’t make it so scripted/or giving off the feeling it is scripted. Please show the picture and admit your wrong doings in the next video. Be honest open and vulnerable with us. You may loose some fans - but man you’re loosing more fans by doing this the way you are. The people who are real fans, and watch you for the education and not the drama, not for your looks, etc. the people that truly love your videos will still be here. We will understand. But.. we can’t understand this. Love ya mike. Please think about it
You messed up. You didn't even post this on your main channel.  Please refrain from making any more videos.
Wow I never thought that my idol, who inspires me to become a doctor, would let me down like this. There’s NO excuse for endangering other people’s lives and the fact that there’re families who are trusting him with their lives and that he STILL did this???? Is disgusting.
What’s next? Legal eagle proven guilty of shoplifting?
1. Post this on your main channel, not here. I’m subscribed to your main channel, and I was unaware that this channel even existed. I had to find out from another youtuber that this had happened at all, and that this “apology” existed.  2. This was not just “being human” and “making a mistake”. I make dumb, human mistakes like leaving something on top of my car and driving off. That’s not what this is. You clearly made the conscious decision to recklessly attend this gathering, and then you buried the fact that it even happened by posting this to this channel. You didn’t even have the spine to show the like to dislike ratio.   On top of evading the main issue and burying the “apology” here, an actual apology wouldn’t be nearly enough. You deserve to lose your platform entirely.
If you wanted to be transparent you would have put this on your main channel for the most exposure, and would've enabled likes/dislikes.   You're just as selfish as all the people you criticize, and I'm not following a person with so little respect for everyone's health.
I was very disappointed to see this in my news feed. Mike, you messed up.
i only found out about this through d'angelo's video. it's really one of the most disappointing things i've seen, especially since someone like dr mike is seriously the last person i'd expect this behavior from. i guess it's always too good to be true. the awful choices you've made, and then this half-assed apology you've hidden onto your second channel so that the majority of your viewers won't see it. it's disappointing. i sincerely expected better from someone like you
Trash. Literal trash
Yeah man, gotta say like a lot of other this was disappointing to see. Why were you even going to see your dad right now? Your friends should have known too that this was a bad idea. Did you friends all go get tested before this? Did you quarantine when you got to Miami? Why was this uploaded to your side channel btw? Idk dude... you shouldn't undermine your message with something like this and I hope you didn't put anyone at risk after this party by being around people like flying.
hope you had fun with all those Instagram models while choosing to be an utter disgrace of a human being. You are vile.
This is unacceptable, people trust you and your advice. You are disrespecting every single one of your subscribers and fans. You should be ashamed and post this on your main channel and take FULL responsibility for your actions. Don't tell people to stay home and social distance when you don't even care to do the same. You partying was your choice and you were in full control of that choice.
I had to do a double take there. "Clips- It's not on his main channel?"
I'm quite frankly disgusted with you. I had to learn about this from a vhannel I trust because you didn't want to post it on your main channel. I thought you were a chill dude but quite frankly you've proved yourself to be completely fake with everything you've shown on camera. You're a doctor for fucks sake you shouldn't even be leaving your state to go hang out with some friends let alone party on a boat.
Booooo
You lost a fan
Im so disgusted in you Doctor Mike.  Both of my parents are working as healthcare workers in my city's hospital and they've been through so much stress not just because of the pandemic, but because of labor laws, financial problems, and family fighting. The pandemic makes it all worse  They always come home and talk about patients that were fine one day and dropped dead the next day. Me and my sister have gotten used to it after years of them talking about it, for their field, it's natural. But since the pandemic has hit Mexico hard it's been so much more prominent they mention it almost daily of somebody being dead.  And it's so appalling seeing people like you, someone who is meant to be just like them and serve other humans, to just chalk this off as a "mistake". Mistakes that I remind you, are deathly and not tolerated in the medical field in any way. And it's so infuriating to see you come talk about it in this smaller channel, make a shallow apology, and move on like you couldn't have infected more people  The fact that you can just move on and treat this as an inconvenience for your career, meanwhile somebody could've died from that party makes this all worse. Had it been my parents I assure you they would've been fired in the spot and rightfully so excluded from doing their job. But you don't because you're wealthy and have influence
Turns out he is just a liar to his entire fan base. Don’t say something if your not going to follow the same principles hypocrite.
are you glad doctor mike are you proud that you've joined the world's sayings? Don't Mockingjay your story don't be like benedict arnold don't be a doctor mike...
Hypocritical piece of sh*t ❤️
Shame on you. Period
To put it simply you've lost my respect
Here after D'Angelo Wallace's video. This video needs to be on your main channel. You didn't make a mistake, you knew what you were doing. You're sorry that you got caught.
The clown award goes to...
Who thinks he should get his license revoked smh
I didn’t even know this happened till D’Angelo Wallace’s video
you live alone? well me too. i haven't even had a hug in almost a year and i don't have a pet to hug instead.  i empathize with wanting to party, i don't empathize with actually doing it.
Why? Just Why.
and then after the party you went on to see vulnerable patients..  oooof you did a bad one here, both for people you see irl and as a role model for taking the virus seriously.
D'angelo brought me here
Slime  ball!!  Your trash. Can’t image your sacrifice you did by getting on that boat with chicks in bikinis.
Your trash.  The costume you wear of a nerd well educated doctor is all a fake image. This is no where near authentic. Take you fake apology up you 4$$
You have soooo much power that it came to your head. WAKE UP. YOU ARE WRONG AND DON'T EVEN CARE!!!! You are a DOCTOR, but also a COWARD, you cannot even post this on your main channel. What a shame!
It’s funny because you’ve lost ALL credibility
Wow, so disappointed.....  you call yourself “low risk” but you’re Doctor! You see patients, or are you no longer practicing?  You and other people in power not following the rules is the reason there are conspiracies being pushed by ignorant people....
I used to like your videos, but you have been so incredibly hypocritical and blatant in trying to minimize the impact of your bad choices. What happened to the Hippocratic Oath? "Do no harm" my @$$.
Total hypocrite. Put this on your main channel and let’s see who believes this BS 🙄 You should be ashamed
Dude besides what you did, and you're lucky if no other person on that boat got covid, you're seriously undermining scientific credibility in the eyes of the media. You're a doctor, that brings some responsibilities. For negationists and anti-maskers this will certainly count as a case in their favor.
Who's Here after d'angelo's video?
I just heard about this and I just want to say that I’ve never been more disappointed and disgusted. Shame on you. I hope you are ashamed of yourself. You have lost another supporter. You have undermined everything you preach on your channel. And you don’t even have the spine to post this on your actual channel. Shame. On. You.
As a longtime watcher, i am livid. Disgrace. Disgusting.
The thing that gets me wound up so much is that I and many others have been such supporters of the message that you put out all of last year. You said yourself verbatim that your message is so much more higher than that of a typical influencer and yet, you've completely undermined everything you say you want to change.   Trust in the medical field right now isn't great as it is, especially when it comes to covid. So when you're preaching to us to keep our distances, to wear our masks, to stay at home as much as possible and then we see you partying on a boat with a bunch of people with no masks, no social distances, no precautions or anything, that's only going to reinforce the message that all of the conspiracy theorists have been saying.   "Well he did it and he's a doctor so it must be okay for me to."   This isn't okay. This response isn't okay. This wasn't a mistake, this was a bad decision. If you were as honest and transparent as you say you want to be, you'd have just said "I made a bad decision and I'm sorry. No loopholes, no guidelines, no nothing. I'm sorry" on your main channel where not only your viewers would actually see but your patients to. Don't you think that you at least owe it to your patients to do this?   Disappointed Doctor Mike. I truly am. I hope you can be better.
Just another selfish pretty boy influencer but with a degree.  You're all the same
Amazing...even not letting us see the dislikes and likes ratio...but we all know youre fucked mike
The fact that you didn't choose to put this in your main channel is HIDING things. I am so disappointed. Unfollowing everywhere
This needs to be on your main channel
you deserve people leaving negative comments and worse waaaaay worse
Hi I'm here from D'Angelo's video to say that you're disgusting, dishonest, and not forgiven.
You sure weren't swimming on those photos and could've worn a mask. Also on that boat were definitely more than 8 people. I'm sorry but as a medical professional you should understand how much harm this is doing and still you're misrepresenting miami's guidelines for COVID. Great that you were down to 'take the risk' while Miami was in a state of emergency because of covid. You better stop preaching about how everyone else has to behave in a pandemic now that we know you don't hold yourself to the same standard.
Disgusted. As a health professional through this as well I am ashamed youre a doctor.
I've been a casual fan for a very long time. Casual enough that THIS situation slipped past me until I watched D'Angelo Wallace's latest video. I'm extremely disappointed in you and I will no longer be watching any of your content. And shame on you for trying to hide this apology on your clips channel instead of uploading on your main. You can't hide from this backlash Mike. You know what I do for a living??? I got into homes, hospitals, assisted living facilities, etc and I pick up the bodies of people that have died from Covid. I'm so glad that YOU get to just turn a blind eye to all of this because I just don't. The rest of us don't. You're an absolute disgrace.
You’ve ruined your reputation over a boat party in the middle of a pandemic. You should reevaluate your choice to be a doctor. You seem to have forgot the oath you took.
Turning off dislikes you'll be known for forever. A DOCTOR CAN'T HANDLE HEARING THE TRUTH
Unsubscribed, and not to mention addressing your actions on your most smallest platform. At this point your more of a YouTuber/Influencer than a medical professional. Also stop trying to twist the CDC guidelines to fit your narrative.
You chose a birthday party over the lives of people. Disgusting.
Why isn't this on your main channel??
Rules for thee, not for me smdh. what's wrong with you?
Hypocrite
Everyone: enjoys  Dr Mike: enjoys  Everyone: I'm disappointed in you
You’re a hypocrite and should lose your license for misusing CDC guidelines to justify your choice to fly to a state, high in Covid cases, and have a yacht party. Regardless of what you assessed as your risk level, you knew better 100%. You knew better and made a choice to go against your better judgment for fun. It’s disgusting and i hope whoever you work for sees that you are a danger. You can have medical knowledge and not deserve to have a license or practice.
The fact you put this on a side channel and disabled the likes shows your are not sorry and a bad person
As a medical professional, you were entirely aware of the risks you were taking by even FLYING to Miami. Never mind what occurred afterwards (which, instead of truly taking accountability for, you're warping guidelines [the mask wearing one is for swimming exclusively. You were on a boat. Not even close to the same thing] to JUSTIFY that risk). I don't care that you tested negative beforehand or afterwards. This was not a "mistake". This was an informed, deliberate choice on your part, which you've done a great job of hiding from your audience by leaving no trace of it on your main channel. You're a hypocrite, you're a coward, and, most damning of all, this shows that you care more about your own personal comfort than that of your friends, your relatives, or even your patients. The fact that I had to hear about this from D'Angelo Wallace despite having been subscribed to your main channel shows exactly how empty these claims of "transparency" and "accountability" are. I will no longer be following you and have lost all respect for you as someone who promotes health and well-being. There are so many other creators in the medical field that actually practice what they preach.
I wonder how many people you influenced to ignore covid guidelines and have large gatherings at the risk of other people’s lives
one thing I can say at least you are keeping the comments turned on. I'm not for continuing to rake you over the coals and tell you what a horrible person you are (i think you made a huge lapse in judgement) but you still need to make efforts to make up for what you did. Also just because the capacity was 90, doesn't mean that is covid capacity. social distancing still applies.   At least be truthful and say "I made a mistake, I didn't follow guidelines because at the moment I didn't care, I wanted to let off steam because I am tired of covid, and I am incredibly ashamed I made such a horrible decision, not only because I'm an influencer and a DOCTOR, but because I am a person who cares about people and in that decision, I was reckless and treated the lives of others without thought. My actions where the actions of someone who does not care about other people and their life."   At least that is truthful, stop bending the truth and be real.
Lol i didn’t hear from this drama two months ago, guess he’s that irrelevant. Anyways, you should be deplatformed. You’re a disgrace to everyone. From aspiring medical students to patients DYING.
to all the people who forgave him (you know who you are) i am glad to see there is still hope for us moving forward in 2021. thanks for being great
Booooooooooooo.
You don’t even take full accountability for your own actions. You really are just an influencer.
Umm no. :)
In other words his apology was just   "I'm sorry.. YOU got Offended."
The fact that you don't have the audacity to post this on your main and enable the likes and dislikes already says a lot about the 'apology' yep
cant believe this unsubscribing! you are a doctor! you of all people should know not to do this.
This isn't just a mistake. This isn't just a human mistake. You are in the medical profession. Your fellow colleagues are fighting everyday. And people making selfish decision like this is exactly why the death toll is only climbing, You are making excuses for yourself and finding ways to make rules work for YOU without thinking of the consequences of your actions. Your disappointed fans have seen your true colors in this awful apology.  Are you an influencer or a doctor? You need to ask yourself that question because you have taken an oath. And you have seriously let yourself down. Perhaps take a step back from you lavish lifestyle of yachts, parties and planes and remember why you trained to do what you do. To save lives.
Are you really a doctor? Don’t you feel any moral obligation to NOT CONTRIBUTE to covid? I can’t believe how you make money off telling people to stay at home in your videos and then do this. Posting this shady, empty apology where you only evade and posting it on your tiny second channel... absolutely disgusting.
I’ve literally had people say “well that just proves it isn’t real” like holy cow you’re an idiot, thank you for adding to conspiracy theorists arguments.
I'm so angry. He preaches about staying home, goes out and does this, and then continues on as though nothing is wrong. Only going so far as to post this shitty apology. The fact that he is 'on the front line' and supposedly sees the suffering that the virus can cause, makes it even worse because people die ffs -he of all people should know that. It shows a real lack of empathy and compassion. 'Sure, if my friends surprise me then for some reason it's justified. I'm young, I'll be fine'. Well the person who has to watch their loved one die from behind fucking glass because they can't even get close to them is young too, but ya know enjoy your stupid party. It isn't about the amount of people on the stupid boat, it's about the fact that you used your privilege for your own gain, when people are suffering, and you were fully aware of this fact when you agreed to get on that boat. I hope that you feel guilty, but the fact that you tried to hide this apology shows you don't really care.  I hope the party was worth it, coward
I was disappointed to hear that you didn’t follow your own words, but after seeing you lie in this video (boat capacity was 8 adults max, a photo shows that you were at least 11 adults, guidelines say that no mask is obligatory when swimming, not during “water actvities” such as being on a boat) and then post it on your second channel, one that I didn’t even know existed... and then choose to not show the like to dislike ratio made me angry. Because this shows me that you are running away from responsibility and trying your absolute hardest to keep that false responsible image that I truly once thought was real. Yikes dude. Yes we all make mistakes, but we don’t follow them up with lies, manipulation and trickery, we own up to them.
All credibility lost.
Someone missing from the list of people to apologise to: your patients and everyone who caught COVID and died
i would rlly like to know how many dislikes this has🙄
Coming here from D'Angelo's channel and I am SO DISAPPOINTED... The fact that I had to research this LAME apology in the first place bc it's not even on your main channel... I'm unsubscribing and I am sharing your blatant disregard for others as much as I can, you of all people should know what your actions look like to those of us who literally lost family members... I'm disgusted
Thank you Doctor Mike, for bringing our hopes up then showing us that you like everyone else makes excuses as to why you get to ignore regulations. Good bye.
This is so disgusting
There's no one to look up to now days 😞
Not to mention the people with underlying diseases (or who go home to others or otherwise go out) that were ignorant enough to go on the boat that HE potentially exposed to Covid. It's not just about him. Also he wasn't swimming, so where was the mask?
Honestly I’m just disappointed at this point. You are a doctor, act like one.
I am voting this the most pathetic thing I have seen on YT!!! HOW DO YOU SLEEP AT NIGHT?!?!?!?!?!?!
Shame on you
He knows that healthy people are dying. He decided the party was worth it.
Why didn’t you post this to your main channel where more people would see it. You’re a quivering coward.
I'm here from D'Angelo Wallace. I didn't know this about Dr Mike. Like... do your friends hate you? Do you not tell them to be safe? Geez... the privilege.
As someone who just finished watching your content, I was shocked to find out about this from D'angelo. I was actually thinking how,  "Oh I've been watching his stuff for a minute, I should probably subscribe."   But nope, I'll pass. You're a doctor who tells us consistently about following COVID guidelines and you do this.
You have betrayed my trust. I will unsubscribe now.
i hope you lose your license
Dr. Mike, why are you misrepresenting facts from the CDC website? I really had much higher expectations for you, as a doctor. I had to unsubscribe because you ARE doing harm, directly contradicting your Hippocratic oath. You can test negative 1000 times, but those times are each just a snapshot in that time, which you should KNOW, being a doctor. Then, to make all of this worse, you disabled the like/dislikes? That just shows that you aren't willing to face the repercussions of your actions, and see that what you did wasn't just a "human mistake". I make mistakes, but these do not include flagrantly endangering the lives of others.
You violated the hippocratic oath AND misused CDC data. Fake celebrity doctor
am i the only one thinking that he sounds like shane dawson?
You were on a boat, not swimming. Just being near water doesn’t mean you don’t wear a mask. But you know this. And the boat capacity guidelines you showed are for general boat safety, they aren’t guidelines for how many people should be on a boat during a pandemic. Again, you know this. You are trash.
I gotta say, it sounds like a typical youtuber apology. I honestly thought you were a doctor first and a youtuber second. The entire 'do better' line is an eye roll. You knew better and made a dumb choice. I understand that covid is stressful and for you being on the front lines is life questioning, but you trying to justify that makes me shake my head. Don't 'do better', just do.
This is absolutely appalling...the fact that you’re an actual medical professional being so hypocritical, telling people to stay safe when you’re being so reckless & irresponsible...misusing CDC guidelines to make excuses for your poor behaviour. I guess it’s do as I say; not as I do. You know better. And then not even posting this on your actual channel to try and draw less attention to the situation. How can we ever trust you now. Unsubscribed.
even likes are disabled. Thanks for making it very clear that you are an influencer first, and a doctor last.
You’re a disappointment!
I couldn’t tell if this was a make excuses for my bad behavior type of video (and we’re supposed to be ok with it because you interpret the guidelines to work in your favor) or an apology video. Regardless, it minimizes all of his Covid-19 advice from the past and sends an awful message. OH AND DR. MIKE yes you live alone but you also take care of patients some of whom are elderly and extremely high risk. What an egregiously careless and selfish thing to do.  Yes we’re all human but we look to medical professionals like you, who frown upon people who do not follow the guidelines or do the right thing by Covid, to do the right thing by Covid!! When you don’t, then anything said thereafter about Covid rules will almost be comical. Highly disappointing.
everything about this whole situation is awful, but it really saddens me that most of the subscribers on his main channel don’t even know this happened (I certainly didn’t), because he’s more worried about losing clout than he is about the effect his actions had and taking accountability for them
If you really cared, you would put this on your main channel, not one with less than 100k subscribers. And honestly, this maybe would be an accident for others, but for you, a MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL, this was a choice. You’re only sorry you got caught
Because of D'Angelo Wallace, I came to know how phoney this man is. How despite being a medical professional acted like an ignorant teenager and rant on some bs excuses. The fact that I just came to know about this is because he was able to hide his selfish behaviour from his main channel. You're nothing more than an internet influenza and no more a doctor in my eyes.
Talks about all the “right” things he did by checking CDC guidelines then admits it doesn’t matter. If you recognize it doesn’t matter, then why bring those things up? Because you’re still trying to defend and indefensible action. As a Black woman, a healthy skepticism of the medical community is based in historical fact and Dr. Mike presented himself as a person in the medical community that was more than a doctor but an advocate, unafraid to admit when he didn’t know something and I really appreciated this. I’ve told other people in my community, that if more doctors were like Dr. Mike then the medical community would be a better and safer place. But this situation is a peak behind the curtain and I cannot unsee that he is just another rich, privileged, white frat guy who cares more about himself than the lives of the Black community who are disproportionately affected by this pandemic. This apology sucks, it’s not on the main channel and the only reason I know about this is because a Black creator had to point it out. Seriously so messed up.
its the misusing cdc guidelines just so you have an excuse for me
The only impact you're worried about is the impact on your career and your fame. You should've known better, you should've been as responsible as you expect everyone else.
the fact that I had to find this out not from your main channel but from another youtuber is really disappointing. I legit trusted you ...
Dr. Mike, you have to know there was a series of unsafe decisions that led to this inappropriate behavior. Risk is indeed a spectrum, and part of that spectrum extends far beyond your individual health. You flew from one COVID hotspot to another, and you state yourself that the destination was your father's home--maybe your personal health isn't of import, but your family's, your friends', and your patients' certainly are, and this compromised their wellbeing unnecessarily. Considering the heart-wrenching decisions my family and my community's had to make, the rifts that have opened up between myself and my loved ones when unsafe actions are taken that force even further isolation in an emotionally fraught and financially precarious time, please ask yourself this: did you have to leave your home right there and then? Did the subsequent choices, one after the other, each provide a benefit that outweighed the cost of a viral super-spreader event; one that almost certainly caused innumerable ripples throughout a suffering country?  We make mistakes. We find ourselves in moments of poor judgment. We can apologize all we like, but we can't undo the harm we've already done. Instead, as it seems you were halfway through doing, we must hold ourselves accountable for the damage, and the best one can do is to find and create whatever positive opportunities can be made from our mistake. You had the right idea of using your mistake as a lesson to be spread to all who spend little thought on the repercussions of similar behavior. However, you could've gone point for point through the poor choices and actions taken, therefore highlighting what should've been done and what alternatives are available for the situation. Further mixed messaging includes the quoted general guidelines not really applying to your specific activities. As for your stated reason behind the recording of your video, the focus edges more on the side of online appearance rather than direct health and safety for all involved. Besides the content of your message, what stands to be the most unfortunate and irreconcilable error is the platform by which you project your message. As an avid viewer of your Doctor Mike channel, it strikes me (and other commenters) that your message is nearly hidden from your channel, so much so that it took months to personally discover your mistake and apology, and it undermines the entire message as a result. You have no links from the main channel to this video, nor to the channel it's hosted on, and there are no videos on your main that could serve as an announcement and/or message boost for this one.  Based on this, how can anyone glean insight from your mistakes, let alone believe your commitment to improved future behavior? The video itself chips away at the apology midway with personal excuses and a reductive explanation that your "personal risk" means you have no need to hold yourself to the same standard as everyone else in your very age group and familial/communal circumstances. Should anyone be expected to walk away from this video with an amended attitude and adherence to CDC guidelines?  This comment may read as harsh. My tone may sound critical. Yet, I must assure you that this comes from a place of not only surprise and pain, but also of respect and admiration. I found your content because I recognized a similar passion for Biology and health. From one researcher to another, it is our responsibility to lead the way to excellence. When we fall, we must rise again with renewed perseverance, with a sense of accountability, and with the foresight of what consequences may result, and thus a response that equally promises and demonstrates the integrity of our fields. It is only through the light of gained wisdom and honesty that we can highlight the path forward for the following generation into an age of prosperity and compassion.  Please, if ever this small voice reaches the appropriate ears, do the ethical thing by linking or uploading this video (with context) to your main channel where more can see and learn from it, and clearly demonstrate what you've preached to your followers in past public health and safety announcements, lessons, and interviews. Dr. Fauci, the CDC, and all of your colleagues rely on your platform to inform and provide for all Americans. There has never been a more crucial time for moral integrity and ethical journalism.
This isn’t even a problem because of what you did, but who you are. You’re a doctor. You’re someone people have trusted more than the news because they saw you as unbiased and actually found you to be a person to look up to in this time. And you go on and betray them. Then you put out this pathetic apology in which you don’t even apologize for what you did and the disappointment you caused. You said yourself that the risk was okay to take. Think of the thousands if not millions who will see this and think that if an esteemed doctor doesn’t see the mask situation as one-size-fits-all, or rules for everyone but yourself, you should consider abandoning the doctor thing and going into politics. The only reason people are going to combat COVID-19’s legitimacy and the effectiveness of masks is because you made this poor choice in front of many eyes. I’m disappointed. And I’m sure the people on the frontlines are equally disappointed for seeing you do this.
I used to trust you for medical advice, I used to look up to you, I used to respect you. Now I can see I was wrong, my respect is gone. I can see now that you do not deserve the income and financial benefit or the popularity and fame. You need to put this on your main channel, you need to say you risked peoples lives for your own privileged comfort, and you need to show the like to dislike ratio. As a medical professional you owe the impressionable audience a proper apology and I believe you need to stop being monetized all together. As a wise person once said "Live simply, so others may simply live"
If you're so sorry about this why the hell is it on a second channel with less than 100k subscribers instead of your MAIN CHANNEL? This is COWARDLY and you're obviously only afraid of losing subscribers. Shame on you. I looked up to you and looked to you for advice and reassurance, you've broken my and so many other people's trust.
I have been a fan for a long time and I can say surely as a fact and that is I am disappointed and many fans are too. You are a licensed, approved doctor and you chose to go out boating, and last time I checked, that isn't swimming, that you mentioned. Someone like you chose to use CDC words and mislead us into thinking that you're following the rules. "Rules for thee but not for me" huh? You're a coward, Mike. You continue on parading these COVID-19 warnings and stuff, but who really knows what you're doing now.
shout out to D'Angelo Wallace for pointing out your extreme hypocrisy
Man, we looked up to you.   Its so disappointing listening to you try to justify "why you did it it".  Its sad really, pathetic if you will.  We trusted you 💔.   Never again dude
Such a hypocrite. Take his medical licence back.
Coward.
Unsubbing, you're a hypocrite
You are a disgrace.
🗑🗑🗑trashhhhhh
Came from D'Angelo's video and now watching the full apology video it is even more disappointing. I would have never known unless I watched D'Angelo's video. If anyone haven't watched it, give it a quick watch, he has time stamps. Breaks down why this apology is like any YouTube apology video. Dr Mike is an hypocrite, an absolute hypocrite who broke my trust and respect. Clearly just like any online "influencer", I am sadly disappointed.
This has been beyond disappointing Dr. Mike. As a medical professional, it is your duty to do the right thing, especially in a pandemic. Post this "apology" on the main channel and maybe then you'll start seeming truthful.
I've been a long time fan of Dr Mike but I'm afraid this isn't it for me. "I'm looking at my own risk", what about all the people you are putting at risk? Turns out he's just another influencer who thinks he's above the rest of us peasants.
C👏O👏W👏A👏R👏D! Put it on your main channel and turn on your like/dislike ratio. And stop deflexing on "conspiracy theorists". BTW pretty rehearsed speech, doc.
You should immediately get your doctor's license revoked at least, how are you supposed to save lives when you endanger them
I’m incredibly disappointed, not the least because you did not put this apology on your main channel. People are supposed to be able to trust medical professionals and your behavior has undermined that trust.
You are so hypocritical smh
to all the random trolls that just came here to be rude, this is a real apology. just because you think you are perfect, you are not, no one is really. and this video was not made today so you are screaming into the void at this point so just let it go, he's only human so he's allowed to apologize for once
Learning about this is so depressing cause it's like I literally don't know who to place my trust in anymore. Cause if a fucking certified medical professional who is supposed to be a frontline worker with a platform of 6 millions people and are under oath to save people lives feel entitled to pull acts like this then wow....just wow
hey, i really looked up to you and your videos helped me during corona. this is unacceptable
im really devastated seeing this... he's the f doctor talking about covid and about the social distancing... and then does this... the actual f?
Post on your main channel Dr Douchebag
Shame on you for choosing to put others at risk.
I've been a huge fan of you and i just found out about this through dangelowallace new video and I'm really disappointed. I'm honestly speechless.
Not sorry enough to post on your main channel, I guess.
As someone who has been staying at home the vast majority of the time, and has been watching your channel from there for a while, I think I can confidently judge that you have not a shred of attitude of 'rules don't count for me', so even if you messed up here (I don't know the guidelines, so I'm not sure whether you did, doesn't matter) I don't think the personally directed comments here are completely sensible as you have addressed and acknowledged the incident here (would definitely have been better on main channel)
You need to find a new profession. There is a clear lack of compassion and sense here. I hope your patients are aware of your complete disregard for other people's safety. This is somehow worse than it would've been if you actually believed the things you said in your prank call videos because at least that damage would have been limited to your patients.
show likes-dislikes coward
I'm so disgusted
i didnt even know about this video and only knew abt it from dangelo wallaces vid come on at least put it on the main channel r u trying to hide this video
Nice to see that you (a medical professional) are happy to spread misinformation on CDC guidelines just because it suits you
The CHOICE (not mistake) you made is hypocritical, and your excuses are weak.
So disappointing. I got covid and had to spend Christmas absolutely alone... even away from my husband because he has asthma. I wore my mask correctly and only went out when I needed to but I still got it.  And then I see people doing this...
Hiding the like-to-dislike ratio on this video and having it off of your main channel is weak, and shows that you have absolutely no faith in this apology. As you very well should.  You know who you forgot to apologize to? The patients you interact with daily, and by doing this, either put them in a situation where it's harder for them to receive care by quarantining yourself or expose them to the risk of contracting COVID-19 if you don't, both through no fault of their own. Weird that those people did not cross your mind. I thought we in the healthcare sector study and work towards being able to spend our time helping those people. Guess I was wrong, though. My mistake.  t. a first-year medical student who is spending his birthday at home, and is, apparently, thereby more responsible than a certified doctor.
I am a long time fan. Not anymore. I just found out about what you'd done through D'Angelo's video. I am disappointed. You of all people should know better. Very hypocrite. Bah.
the internet gave you one hell of an ego huh? get it in check or quit being a doctor and just become an influencer
wow, just learned about this. unfollowed his main channel for this. what a hypocrite. so many of us have sacrified so much because of this pandemic, we've lost so many people, and this guy goes out partying and tries to justify it.
Go to hell
Frankly this is pathetic
people like you deserve nothing in life. Your apology sucks.
Why isn't this on his main channel, where it should be so people actually see it? And likes are disabled here? It's all just a little too sketchy for me.
him getting away with this is legitimately white privilege. what a hypocrite not even posting this to his main channel. he should be ashamed of himself
traaaaaaaaaaaaaash
Screw you, dude. You should be ashamed.
I feel so strange at the moment. This is surreal, I think I am done here
Why are you not posting it on your main channel huh? You think we don't know you only posted this for damage control. You're only sorry you got caught. And you're a doctor really? Such a shame because there's real doctors out there fighting for their and other people's live yet you can sit in the comfort of your home, shoot videos and attend parties as you like. Never looked up to you and yet I'm so disappointed.
I can't explain how disappointed i am, i used to love his vids but this, this is just disappointing...
What a big, big disappointment. For once I thought "this famous man is still decent despite his fame. I wish more people were like him. He's so wholesome". Nah. A bunch of models on a boat did the trick. So lame, so cliche'. This apology felt like a bunch of excuses. You should know better than that. What rules did you think would be different for people crammed on a boat, with no masks and touching each other?? Also, what a coward you are to upload this here to make sure the least amount of people found out AND disabled the likes. If it wasn't for Dangelo Wallace I myself wouldn't have known. I'm glad I found out. Cos I ayn't got nothing to learn from people like you. Peace
Awful
This isn't going to be your regular, bitter "I'm unsubscribing from your main channel" comment. I'm an Occupational Therapy Assistant student, essentially graduating and preparing to work in healthcare. I watched your vids to prepare for that context and now I cannot trust whatever information you put from this point forward. Many healthcare students are not going to trust your videos going forward. I can't trust you as a professional. I am beyond disappointed and just saddened as one of many people who have been personally affected by people's careless actions in a pandemic. It's just sad that you're one of them.
Screw this guy
Very disappointed and disgusted. I'm so mad all these youtubers and celebs are prolonging this pandemic, so more working class people have to suffer. I'm out of compassion for rich people, I hope you will pay for what you have done in some way. Have a great fucking life you empty vessels of human beings.
Hypocrite
so so SO disappointed that I only heard about this through D'Angelo's video. I was wondering why I hadn't seen this since I have notifications on for Dr. Mike, it was only until D'Angelo pointed out that it's "hidden" in a smaller channel. smh. so disappointed.
I am upset. Very very disappointed.
you should lose your licence and every fancy shiny thing you have thanks to earning money as a doctor. your piece of trash explanation is appalling.
this is fucking despicable
Dr.Mike:  *parties on a yacht with over ten people, all without masks* Everyone:  *YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BE THE CHOSEN ONE*
You can't really say 'You made a mistake' when for the past 10 months you've been putting out video after video on Covid, how to stay safe and what could go wrong if you didn't.. I've liked your content for a very long time but this is just disappointing.  I didn't even know this happened until I saw D'Angelos video, because you chose to discuss this on your 2nd channel with just a fraction of your subscribers. This is just sad..
WHY are you trying to 'justify' what you did?? You're a MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL for God's sake, you work on the front lines, you SEE people suffering and families torn, so clearly you don't care that much about Covid as you say! "I wasn't putting anyone at risk" what about all the patients you see at the hospital??? Are you not putting them at risk?? You breached your oath and now you've lost people's respect.  VERY disappointing. Can't believe I used to look up to you.
What a slimy coward. You didn't even have the guts to post this awful "apology" on your main channel. Thank you D'Angelo for informing of your shady ways 🙏
I feel like I was fucking lied to. You’re fucking medical professional.  How could you do this to everyone you’ve preached to about “stay home” and “wear a mask”? You interviewed DR. FAUCI, the king of mask-wearing.  It fucking hurts to see you do this.  I was such a die-hard fan; I had watched every video I could find over the span of months. I had planned how I was going to send fan art, gifts, and things that certainly don’t matter anymore.   It just hurts.
From one health professional to another. You're disgusting.
i'm very dissapointed. never thought you of all people did those harmful things. and this is not an apology. this is BS. and why don't you post it on your main channel?
i am so tired of people being rude and negative towards someone who already apologized. he is human so he is allowed to make mistakes, if you were in the same situation he was you would feel bad too. yeah it sucks that he did it but think about his emotions too, being in the medical field is no easy job and it's also stressful. may not have been the best solution to deal with it, but what matters now is that he's safe and he apologized. if i can move on then so can you
Wow this is quite ridiculous. You’re “apology” just sounds like justification.
Who's here because of D'angelo?
Why didn’t you put this on your main channel for your millions of followers to see?
YOUR A FUCKING DOCTOR. A LITERAL DOCTOR. Goof.
This is so disappointing I have no words. In a nutshell, your apology is "Poor me, my friends threw me a surprise party on a yacht. Don't hate me." The fact that a DOCTOR of medicine can't even wrap their tiny mind around Covid regulations and COMMON SENSE really baffles me. How dare you act like your birthday party is worth putting people at risk when there are people all over the world not even able to attend funerals for their loved ones because of the virus. Huh turns out I did have the words...  Edit: and disabling likes and dislikes on your apology video? Nice....
HYPOCRITE
This is so disappointing. I trusted you. Why? Your actions and words make no sense. I am blocking your channels and leaving the internet for a while. Tired of loosing faith in humanity.
You went on a private boat trip (nice when most people are stuck at home alone). There were like 15 people. All in close quarters. And even when you did bother to put something over your face your nose was out 🤣🤣🤣 absolute hypocrite. It must be easy to "do better" after your nice trip, in the sun, outdoors, around people, having a laugh. Not like there are people commuting suicide from being unable to see friends and family, not getting even a day out in the last year. But sure, lecture us on why we need to follow the rules but it's okay if you don't 👍👍👍🙈
Hey why don’t you try posting this on your channel with 6 million plus followers versus hiding it here? Hahahahahahaah FAKE ASF
You're so sorry you got caught...
I don't care, stop making excuses for yourself. You are an influencer and you showed that you took a Hypocritical Oath and NOT a Hippocratic Oath. I unsubbed to you. It is obvious how the rich feel they can get away with murder. People are dying and all you worried about is not to disappoint those who threw you a "surprise birthday party". You are a front line worker and thus are more likely to be a carrier of Covid and you didn't care AT ALL about quarantining yourself. I have a 79 year old mother who I finally got scheduled for her first vaccine shot at the end of February. My brother and I and my nephew still have to wait for ours... What would happen if my brother and I came down with Covid? What would happen to my elderly mother? Who would take care of her if we died? What about my nephew? What if his mother and older brother died as well? What would happen to us if my 17 year old nephew died because people like you didn't care about spreading the virus. You of all people KNOW how insidiously unpredictable this virus is. You CHOSE to indulge yourself. You CHOSE to risk everyone's life for a frikken yacht party. Shame on you! I am so disappointed in you and I won't be clicking on your videos anymore because I can't trust your opinion anymore.
STOP HIDING THIS, PUT IT ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL!!!
sad and disappointed. atleast post this in your main channel. i was late 2 months to the news because you didnt at all say anything about this in your main channel. cant believe i wasted time to watch your hypocritical words.
just bc your healthy doesn’t mean anything
I follow the Doctor Mike Channel and I only found this video because of Dangelo Wallace....  WTF Doctor Mike...I'm lost for words. Your human but you responsible as a Doctor and Influencer This needs to be on your Main Channel
Well sorry Mr.Mike I was a fan but this...this is not excusable  your a doctor not a conspiracy theorist take a break btw why didn't you Post this on your main Chanel are you covering things up?
hey misha, you should've had your license revoked, that wasn't a mistake, it was an informed decision, you're a terrible hypocrite and you're LUCKY that losing views and subscribers is your only repercussion
you'd think with all that youtube money he'd buy a shirt that fits
Disappointing Dr. Mike, you’ve let me down.
your a doctor. you work with nurses. going out to covid hotspot is a choice. think of the example you are setting when people see a well known doctor break COVID restrictions before you act. you have a responsibility when you take your othe to save lives yet you endanger your own staff. You crossed the line between influencer and doctor
How come I didn't see this video until now? Seriously!!!
Get iff youtube, snake
So disappointed. :(
I used to support you. I used to watch you. I used to love you. I can no longer do that.
Shitty apology, also very cowardly.  This is more like justification rather than apology.  Super dissapointed in you Dr. Mike.  We are all humans, yes. We all make mistakes, yes. But for a medical practitioner who basically makes money from preaching covid 19 safety messages videos, yet you didnt even post it on your main channel is just ridiculous. You are trying to cover up your mistakes and justify it. Thats shitty as.
Shame on you. You have a responsibility as a doctor and as someone with a large audience to follow the rules. So many people are dead, haven’t seen their families, lost their jobs, can’t get proper PPE, can’t get into the hospitals because they’re packed, can’t say goodbye to their family members in person and die alone. It’s already infuriating to see other influencers partying but you’re a DOCTOR!!! SHAME ON YOU!!!
This is disappointing
Guys he is apologizing he understands his actions we humans we learning okay he understands his consequences unless he say well it is fine and saying this stupid no he is apologizing this is new to him okay this is a good apologizing thank you for realizing this
Well I 'm gonna say this it' s a mistake all around.  However you didn't rape or intentionally killed someone.  So personally, I'm gonna give you a chance.  It interesting that people on there are often negatively slashing and being angry at you when all I can say is he is human and makes mistakes like every one.  No one is proud or perfect of publishing an apology and just because you ain't crying your eyeballs out doesn't mean you are not sorry.  I still value all your time that you've given us to correctly inform us of and debunking myths of every thing.  Speaking of such could you do a vaccine check.  Are people who are allergic to penicilline more likely to die or have adverse reactions to it?  Thank-you  for all you do and for acknowledging your mistake.  Have a nice day!
Out of curiosity: everybody who criticizes him so harshly, have you respected every single rule? Haven't you broken any of them? In one year of pandemic? Not even once? Or you just haven't been caught or you're not so popular so anybody cares.
Just too keep in mind a lot of people don’t wear masks so don’t just attack him and a lot of you tubers have been going out without masks too he apologized, just stop
Dr. Mike, we just want humility. On your main channel, own up to it with no excuses. Accept that some people might not forgive you and that you're not owed it. I'm not saying this needs to be held over your head for the rest of your life, but you need to apologize with no excuses. You did something foolish, and as a doctor, especially as a public figure doctor, you did something that was reckless and dangerous. Own up to it. People are saying you're "only human" in one sentence and then coming up with excuses in the next to downplay what happened. Only human means recognizing that you willfully screwed up on your own volition. There's no downplaying this. We're asking for a little humility, not a damage control video.  Be transparent. If the photos never came out, would you have felt bad for violating public health and safety?   Integrity is doing the right thing, even when no one is watching.
He is still human.
What I don't understand with people being so upset is that I've seen numerous family gatherings, even at the beginning of the pandemic when things were far worse, be maskless. Social gatherings to eat and drink, weddings, funerals, I don't doubt some of these people go to the gym too. Or hug their friends and famiy hello, especially by the time of November 2020. Dr Mike should have been smarter as a social figure, but hes just as human as we are. If he's social distanced as well as we have, he's just as tired of being apart from his friends as we are. Cut him some slack. (But also he should post this on his main channel, so that everyone can see this apology. Since everyone was so bothered)
i mean it’s normal who didn’t go out at least once or twice during the pandemic!people need to chill and stop attacking him🙌we all went through it come on❤️❤️❤️
I accept your apology and yes it may not be on the main channel but it is still an apology and also you didn't start with “i had a severe and continuous lapse in my judgement” you admitted to your wrongs ignore the people saying “whens the next boat party” and the people and calling you a hypocrite for one little slip up. Live a happy healthy life.     Beewoop
How is this guy still relevant lol after this?? So much narcissism.
When humans put another human on a pedestal... -> human reactions on both sides... and it's ok. :) By the way, well inspired to film this short and clear message.
omg y'all need to stop making this a huge issue!!! Yes, he's a doctor and he should really follow the health protocols however— HE IS JUST A HUMAN BEING! thus making him to commit mistakes like us!!! Undoubtedly, risks would be always be there yet this is just too much REACTIONS just because of his PROFESSION! He did apologized and said his reasons/justifications, so what's the bluff? lol chill out mofos
good this whole controversy, still a big fan of your channel, don't really care about all of this I just enjoy  your video. I think some people take this a bit too seriously on my opinion.
Comment #2       So a lot of controversy has hit Dr Mike in the head and most of you said it's probably going to be like an ENTIRE year to forgive him I honestly know when somebody makes a terrible choice/mistake and I agree with both sides the "LEAVE HIM ALONE MEANIES" or the "MIKE YOU COWARD IM UNSUBSCRIBING" sides and I'm neutral I'm mad and I'm apologetic so whatever controversy I get don't worth I don't care. That being said with covid-19 pandemic still raging on in 2021 it's clear it's gonna be a couple of months now what I'm saying is this when the pandemic is over I will 100% forgive Mike but since it's still going on I'm still 50-50 and looking for a side to pick but everybody just so you know I agree with both sides and wishes everybody to follow the cdc rules and eventually forgive dr. Mike which may vary from 1-month to 3-years but whatever🙄 and yeah if you fully agree with me I'll then thanks and yeah there's actually really nothing else to say except.....................PEEWOOP.
Why are you mean to him. Ok I'm on the fence to be honest it looks like he's lying but I'm not going to be mean because there's the smallest chance that he's telling the truth and for that reason Mike I forgive your apology
I appreciate Dr. Mike’s sincerity.  I would like to add that the best guidelines are set by biology.  Not the CDC, not the WHO, not state governments. They offer easily digestible guidelines for the general public.    I honestly expect more from a medical doctor though.  There are a plethora of more variables than those covered by the CDC and WHO organizations.  As a doctor he should be aware of those variables, and included more than just putting himself at risk. He put the rest of the people on the boat at risk.  Masks are absolutely essential in helping prevent the spread of Covid-19..... BUT they don’t operate in the way that most people think.  Wearing a mask (minus N95 grade or higher) offers minimal protection to the wearer..... the efficacy of transmission prevention comes in when the wearer has Covid-19, and the mask prevents their own Covid-19 carrying water vapor from becoming drastically aerosolized.  Meaning that if a  person has Covid-19, and they are wearing a mask, when that person breathes, or coughs, or sneezes, speaks, etc. the mask tremendously cuts down the exit velocity of said vapors once they leave the wearer’s mouth hit up against the inside of the mask. THIS is how masks (again, minus N95 and greater) are effective in the prevention of spreading Covid-19.  1. We do not know what type of mask Dr. Mike was wearing.  If he was wearing an N95 or greater, much of what he is saying in this video holds true.   2.  If he was wearing a standard surgical mask, much of what he said in this video is dramatically misleading.  For instance, if he was wearing a mask on that party boat, but there were others who were not wearing a mask, then he is absolutely at risk for contact Covid-19 and then potentially spreading it.   3.  I think it’s reasonably safe to assume there were beverages and food on the boat.  I think it’s also reasonably safe to assume people’s masks came off when they ate or drank something.  During these moments the efficacy of mask wearing and following guidelines obviously becomes terribly reduced. There’s been a VERY troublesome trend that indicates that a disproportionately high percentage of Covid-19 cases are from people who ate out at a restaurant up to two weeks prior to testing positive for Covid-19.... even though they people *followed* the guidelines while at said restaurant. - - - - Dr. Mike’s apology is incomplete without addressing such conditions mentioned above.  4.  Dr. Mike’s safety on that party boat MOSTLY depends on the decisions made by everyone else on that boat.  How strictly were the other people on the boat taking into account the *biological science* of aerosolized viral contagion?  Again, I think it’s reasonable to assume that there were plenty of lapses in good judgment on the part of most, if not all, individuals on that boat.  Again.... being that Dr. Mike is a medical doctor, he was in a position to educate anyone on the boat who was not familiar with the *biological science* of aerosolized viral contagion.  Dr. Mike comes nowhere close to addressing these issues in this video.  I expect much more than what he covered in this video. We all should expect much more from Dr. Mike; and medical doctors in general.  Many medical doctors are stuck in ICU’s watching people die all day.  I’m sure Dr. Mike has done his fair share of service during this Pandemic... but there are just too many areas where it is clear that he’s doing a horrible disservice to the public, and science itself.  ...... Including advertising himself via Google Ad Sense as “the hot doctor on YouTube”.  This is horribly inappropriate.
There's a buncha channels calling you out for this video. .. I don't understand why, as I think you were very honest and open about your choices and admitting when you fucked up.  It's rather strange to my senses to see such backlash towards someone who made a poor decision and owned up to it right away..but this is the internet.
Why you all attacking him?  Hundreds of celebrities spending holidays without any measures and continue to go to public places. He tested after the party what wrong with you? He is not full time doctor who serve a lot of patients and he haven't to always be perfect, he is a human as all of us.
literally every apology video on YouTube:
I'm surprised you didn't deactivate the comment section 🤔🤔
Lol his fucking shirt
Wow I thought you cared about not only your patients but everyone I see I was deceived
To all the people in the comments, fuck off! Seriously. He realizes he fucked up. He owned up to it, FUCK OFF NOW!!!
Same people that’s shitting on this man are the same ones doing the same shit without a spot light. The upset people are hypocrites. At least when he ain’t having fun he is informing people on how to be safe. What has anyone that got upset done. Gtfo 😂😂😂😂
Ohh poor Mike. I hope you're ok. feeling so sorry for you 😐 come on people, I understand your anger but we all have been hypocrites at some points in our lives. It's human nature. atleast he owned it up and apologized for his mistake. now don't bash him for apologizing. at least he's making some good difference by using his popularity, doing donations to charities for the betterment of society. unlike many of us. We shouldn't overlook one's merits just for one mistake. Keep the Good work flowing Dr Mike 👍🙂
Dr that was a great apology😀
I appreciate you're honesty dr👍
I don't know why is SO MUCH hate. He is a human. We all are. I bet he follows all the rules he said most of the time. He was in vacation and it was his birthday so he tried to live a little after all the work he did as a doctor this year.  I am pretty sure that it is no human on the planet who respected day by day the rules since the pandemic started.  He also said he followed all the testing protocols returning back to New York so he was not affecting the patients.
*_''What happened to Mike?? Can anyone please explain??''_*
u were literally seen wearing a mask under your nose while on the boat..
This breaks my heart 💔 he’s human at the end of the day, be kind. Mistakes happen and he’s acknowledged the mistake he’s made and is working to avoid this happening again.
Come on, who did everything by the rules ! I followed the rules until Christmas and yes, I messed up too during the holidays. Everyone does break the rules now and then ! Just because he is a doctor and youtuber doesn't mean he can't do mistakes !
People make mistakes and we are all human!!! Y'all should chill!
y’all some cry babies damn 😂💀
The fact that you keep on saying: Stay home, wear masks, and then you go out? However, you took this very maturely, and made an apology. This is one of the best apologies I've seen from people who went out. The others were trash, so bad, that they probably never meant it. But this apology hits different. Yes, I'm disappointed, but I'm glad you are aware of your mistake.
People want to cancel you for it
WE ALL EFF-UP!
Respect !!!!
This is such horseshit. My best friend's husband just buried his 57 year old father. His wife, his daughters, his son, his friends, and community are SUFFERING and you spew out lessons to everyone else that you don't practice yourself as if the CDC guidelines don't apply to you, when in fact, they should apply to you more HEAVILY considering that you're a freaking doctor! This apology was pathetic and filled with nonsense excuses.
As a health care professional, you should know well enough to know that masks are ineffective, COVID-19 is nowhere near as deadly as the media wants you to believe and that you have nothing to apologize for. Don’t feed into democratic propaganda.
Just turn off the comments.
So sad totally turn off ,. You react to Greys lovey dovey scene but your liking it deep inside
Ideal good, Mike
Jesus you guys, I admit it's weird that he didn't post this on his main channel but all of you saying "I don't hear an apology, just excuses" lol He said he is sorry numerous times, that he learned from that mistake and will do better. What more do you want? He admitted he messed up. It's like we're in this world of cancel culture and all you want is to just cancel someone. I hear a person who messed up, got called out and that's why he made this video. Because he got "caught" he realized he messed up. That's it. That's the whole point of apologising. Someone calls you out and you apologise. Now grow up and move on.
Oof
k but why tf isn’t this on ur main? where everyone can see it?
I am also a follower of your video's and indeed appreciated your view on things. So naturally I was very dissapointed to find out about that party.  I am pretty sure there will be an ongoing discussion with anti maskers, conspiracy theorists etc.  I mean, if a doctor like yourself has been preaching one thing the whole time and then goes out and does the exact opposite..  why the hell should we believe what you (and other professionals) are saying? If you believe its safe to party on a boat then what are we to believe? If you dont seem scared of covid, then why should we?  Thats a point of view thats going to be very hard to undo.
solid lol.     side note, kinda weird and hypocritical.
This should be in the main channel but didn't.  I really liked your vids until this happened. To me, you're implying that your main channel is more important than your apology which shouldn't be. I unsubscribed to the channel and just look today to see if he addresses this issue but still no signs of apology there. This isn't even an apology. The respect that I have for you is gone.
Minute 1:37 and I'm exhausted by this info. Please admit that you are wrong, promise you won't do it again, and you will get more respect than a bunch of justifications.
Eh. Still gonna support, watch, enjoy your content. Humans make mistakes. Save who we can but fight for those we can't. At least you thought of making this video instead of evading it and putting it off for an extremely long time like a certain youtuber (If you know, you know). Now to address the rest of us. Sure he made a mistake, but at least he went through each meticulous step such as checking guidelines, testing people, so on, even getting himself tested. He took precautions, he was making sure each step he took was measured. He made a simple mistake, one that will disappear as we all age. Even if this occurred over a week, that's still a minuscule amount of time compared to the grand range that is our lives. A Single Week in an 80-Year Life Span is nothing. Like an Ant to a Car. Move on, he's already been damaged enough by his people. As far as I heard, and remember, he hadn't given it to anyone. Now lets move on with our lives and go after those that really cause issues, like that aforementioned youtuber.
I’m gonna subscribe just so I can unsubscribe. I’ve worked in Healthcare for close to 30 years. I know a lot of doctors. They’re all sitting at home, bored to death, just like me. He lives alone so he’s not putting anyone at risk? How about his patients? I’m assuming he does more than YouTube. Maybe not. But if he sees patients he put all of them at risk so.....not cool, not smart. Aren’t doctors supposed to be smart? Who wants a careless, impulsive doctor? Not me. Maybe if he is lucky his patients won’t see that picture or follow him online. Because if I were his patient I’d really have to rethink his capacity for self control and judgment. And maybe find a good old boring less attractive doctor that is a lot less impulsive. Update! I was subscribed on his main channel. Not anymore. It’s cool. There are plenty of responsible doctors on YouTube so I’ll just watch those instead. Also. That was a pathetic apology. I could at least respect you if you just flat out said you screwed up in the heat of the moment. But it was just a lot of rationalization and excuses.
Guys, he's a human and humans aren't perfect. Also, and what if he posted his video on his 2nd channel? He loves that he has a YouTube channel where he can spread awareness. He doesn't want that to go away. He did a mistake and he learnt from it, but don't judge him because of this, anyone could do something like this. So, please stop this nonsense! God bless you!  💕👥
As a public figure and a doctor, you are held to the higher standard of guidelines and rules that you preach to your followers and patients. I am not throwing shade here. I have one question that you need to ask yourself. And to answer only to yourself. Would you have come out with a public apology had you not been “caught” breaking your own rules? Your honest answer to yourself will tell you which way to go from here. Take care.
awesome  darling  ...........
This guy sounds like all the Canadian politicians that went to the Caribbean at Xmas with their schmultzy apologies.
Give the guy a break it’s not like any of you are better
Nobody is perfect. You weren't the only person who has gone to parties or visited loved ones during the pandemic. It was a lapse of judgement that gave you public embarrassment. It will pass. I still like you. But I agree that it would be a good show of faith to post this at the top of your personal account. Also, perhaps, explain why it wasn't there first? You're still my hero, bro!
Love all the holier than thou people commenting who judge others constantly as if they are a god
you’re my role model. i want to become a doctor because of you. but this? i’m not mad, just really disappointed... you’re a doctor. you’re Doctor Mike, not Mike. practice what you preach. please :(
Eh, don't worry about it. It's over and done with. Too many self-righteous types in the comments.
Why isn’t this a main channel video??
we know the pandemic is going mad  when even a “doctor” is going out without a mask :/  This is why the pandemic is never ending-
I respected you for being one of the handful of professionals in the medical field to sound the first alarm and to support strict health care protocols at the onset of CoVID-19 outbreak. I lost work opportunities, have estranged friends and families, missed visitations to ill friends and relatives because I followed the same health care protocols. Over the past 12 months, I haven't traveled farther than 2 miles from home to reduce the risk of catching the virus. I limit my travels to bare essential needs basis, and when I do, I try to protect myself as best I can that sometimes I look like I wear HAZMAT suit when I go out. I, like many during this pandemic, slowly becoming stir crazy, being limited in our mobility and recreational opportunities. I'm 100% sure I'm not alone in this situation, believing that your audience and yourself is in the same boat.  And then you went to board a different boat in Miami, disregarding social distancing measures, maskless, swept the fact under the rug and made this half-cocked, self-serving, sad excuse of an apology.  This hurts me in so many ways. It hurts that for all the talk about responsibility, accountability and ethics that you champion on your channel, you seem to think that all of these things don't apply to you, in several occasions now (remember that reaction video beef with a certain medical doctor? or that time you backed off from an interview and allegedly made a slanderous remarks about a booking agent?).  I'm UNSUBSCRIBING to your channel until you are fully aware of the impact of your poor decision in taking part in the event and handling this situation. Others in the comment section have pointed out what you need to do: bring this issue to the main channel, make an ACTUALLY SINCERE apology, and face the crowd.
A frat boy bullshit apology that proves those threads on Reddit were in fact right about him. Unsubbed the moment I found out he was exactly the girl they said he was. Giving bullshit excuses at his big age grow tf up you’re not in college anymore.
Oh come why did the YouTube recommended me this after watching meme review   My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
Everyone makes mistakes I get it and I heard an apology in the video and I accepted it 🤷🏽‍♀️❤️
"Risk Spectrum" for YOU? What about YOUR PATIENTS' risk of getting it FROM YOU?!?  Did you inform any of your northern friends, patients, coworkers that you had put yourself at risk while enjoying your vacation without precautions?  Anyway ... I'm not a fan anymore.
Sorry Mike, but if you really were sorry you would have put your “official” apology on your main channel and not your secondary channel. Yes, we’re all human and as such fallible, but you took a deliberate calculated risk. You could have been asymptotic and passed COVID to someone else and so on. Being young isn’t a defence to fend off COVID or to fail in your downtime responsibilities. Yes, your actions, and lack of, do carry significant consequences. Even if you didn’t have COVID, someone else could have and even with PPE, you could have unintentionally passed it on to a patient or a member of the public. If you’re truly sorry, then make it official on your main channel. I don’t think your channels should be cancelled, but a real way to make up for your error is to also do a range of interviews where people have contracted COVID from not adhering to basic precautions, donating at least 6 months of your channels earnings to a variety of local charities (you could even do one a month), issuing a proper apology on your main channel and finally and also demonstrate what you’re doing by way of self reflection on your main primary channel. That said, good luck nonetheless in life, in your medical practice and for the future.
All of us have messed up at one point in our lives. None of us are righteous enough to be the first one  to pick up a stone and throw it to Dr. Mike for in the entirety of our lives we cannot confidently say that  the lives we live are always  clean and free from blemish. To you Dr. Mike - apology accepted. Learn from it and move on.
As a teacher who fears for the life of my family and myself every time I go to work (because I have to go to work because people like you have pushed so hard for in-person education), I’m disappointed in the level of hypocrisy but also at the number of justifications and pretending that you’ve followed guidelines. There’s no justification for your actions. We’re all sick of this, yet some of us continue to choose to do the right thing and protect those around us.
I don't think he did anything wrong.
This is simply disgusting
No lo puedo creer, era una fiesta sorpresa de cumpleaños pero se testearon todos? No tiene sentido. Cuanta hipocresìa. La ùnica razòn por la que se disculpa es porque se filtro el video de la "fiesta en el barquito". Fue una decisiòn. Ya ni se puede creer en los mèdicos. Solo quiere fama, mujeres y dinero parece. Viviendo en un paìs donde hicimos la cuarenrtena mas larga del mundo en latinoamèrica. Ojalà los doctores acà dejan la vida por sus pacientes y no tienen equipos adecuados para protegerse pudieran darse el lujo de hacer lo que Ud. hizo. Los doctores son los peores pacientes. Decepciòn total.
Why not post this on your main page so that you can reach your whole audience?
I don’t agree with most of that comments as you’re  young and healthy and catching COVID in your case will VERY likely be like a flu or completely asymptomatic. As young healthy individuals we can’t live in fear and isolate ourselves from ALL human relationships because that will have much greater consequences for our mental health than a flu.   I guarantee a lot of people here saying oh “I’m disappointed in you Dr Mike” have been to parties, have been at restaurants, have been to reunions, Oh but wait I forgot COVID respects your sitting area when you’re eating and not wearing your mask 🤔🤔🤔🤔  Y’all need to stop being so hypocritical and leave the man alone, stop being so mean jeez! 🤦🏻‍♀️
All this talk of setting an example for your followers, professionalism and integrity... then you go do something like this. No one asked you to model best practices in your professional and personal life. You chose that role as part of your branding. Clearly you can't manage both personas. This "mistake" was you choosing your life as a celebrity and party boy over your integrity and judgement as a medical professional. I pity your patients and colleagues. I can't imagine how they must feel. This was disrespectful to so many, including the capacity of this virus to spread like wildfire when idiots make mistakes, and hypocrites make a conscious choice not to care about anyone but themselves. I just hope conspiracy theorists won't work this into their next stupid argument about how covid19 is all a hoax.
test kits are scarce and rationed in america. so putting yourself in a position where you need testing is also harmful given that it was used to protect a recreational purpose. when people do testing for parties and other recreational activities it reduces the availability of test kits for people that need it, put undue strain on labs and lab workers and reduces the efficiency of testing because it leads to a lag in test results.  one of the ways to combat covid is expediency in testing. the sweet spot for turn around is 48 hours for the gold standard pcr. but when labs are overwhelmed, this is not possible. so sticking to the assurance that everyone was safe and test is STILL a stressor on the system. Testing does not mean your activities had no impact on the pandemic. it did.
It's one thing to make a mistake, this was just incredibly self serving and hypocritical. To think I'd actually admire you as not just another influencer, but someone who understood his platform and the power he held. So much for that.
Okay, I’m a new viewer. And I’m reading through these comments and I’m shocked. Here is this poor guy who is honestly apologizing. You can see it on his face. People only call it “justification” when they don’t agree with ones apology. That doesn’t make his apology insincere... He’s a doctor, yes. He’s an “influencer” yes. He’s a human being who inevitably will make mistakes, YES. I’m sorry, Dr. Mike. I’m sorry that being in the spot light the way that you are leads to people being mean and expecting perfection. People need to be more forgiving.
Yeah, You REALLY messed up. I just can't believe you actually thought you were comfortable with this birthday boat party guidelines.  That part of the video is so far-fetched - I didn't believe that for a moment.  Because you are young, handsome, "live in the fast lane" and presume to be untouchable ... you probably thought you wouldn't get caught...but you did.  If this video didn't go public - you would still be hiding the fact that you "don't practice what you preach." Would you have told this story even if there wasn't a video?   So upset by this. You need to grow-up, do better and get some new friends.
Yeah he was wrong but ya know y’all are out here casting stones. Everyone makes mistakes. He’s just on a platform where he gets greater criticism from his mistakes. None of us are perfect. Imagine if all your dirty laundry was out there for people to see... what would they say about you?
Dr Mike is hypocrite, democrat .  He wants to shut down the restaurant business , economy while he went out party with a big group .  He is another Nancy pelosy .  Thats disgraceful
You are only sorry because you got called on it. If nobody said anything you wouldnt have apologized.  What a jerk. Doctors know better
Show of hands, who has broken guidelines? AND Has family
I just found your channel and now I am so disappointed...
What a hypocrite and a coward. Dr Mike people are dying and are still not able to see their immediate family. Shame on you.
I want to know whether the women in the picture are strippers or they just wanted to be there.
So dramatic :D Dude, noone at the age of 30 stays isolated at home for months, unless there are some real problems in his life. This is the real treat for people, not the virus itself. The pandemic brought more depression and financial struggles than health problems. Stop apologizing and cut off this bad consciousness crap. It's ridiculous! We all need social contact in some form.
Oh wow, when did the likes and dislikes get disabled?
Hello everyone, I have been reading all the disappointed comments but just say that u haven't done something wrong ever the truth and I will say u r right but here is my opinion: I know and understand some of  ur situations and let me tell u this everyone makes mistakes! Not to offend anyone but Dr. Mike is a human too and he makes mistakes too and saying stuff like this is rude cuz like I said every one makes mistakes and what was he supposed to do it was a surprise party plus he followed protocols and he apologised. Some of you say that he is justifying himself and I say he has all the right to do so.  I know this happened quite a while ago and I'm kind of late to this situation but when I see something I find somewhat rude I have to let someone know this is what I think. Dr. Mike gave an explanation and admitted he was wrong what more would y'all want!?  Reminder: I'm not trying to offend anyone it's just my opinion and I hope I changed someone's mind.
I’m not into cancel culture. I’ve been following Dr. Mike for quite some time. He’s informative. No matter how the party went down or whatever. It was foolish. Doesn’t make everything he’s ever said wrong or a lie. He went against his own advice. I’ve gone against my own advice a thousand times. It’s called being human. Cancel culture is becoming an industry. There’s actually a video of a body language specialist determining if his apology is sincere..just why? So many holier than thou opportunists out there.
Man you guys are slaying him like you guys are soooooo perfect bruv he's trying to apologize even though he is famous it doesn't mean he is not a human
No one is perfect.  Everyone condemning Mike for his mistake is acting like they've never made a mistake.  And while this still doesn't excuse Mike due to him advocating to social distance and not party but then doing it anyways (even though he followed the guidelines).  He's still human.  You might believe a certain way and take the best precautions for safety (but there's always a small chance of infection) and he choose to have fun with his friends.  I agree that because of his huge following, he should've did something smaller and more private but people will crucify him cause he wasn't perfect.  But people make mistakes.  And I bet people who have condemned Mike haven't social distance 100% of the time either due you "knowing" this person is safe cause I've been with him/her before and I'm fine.
Why isn't this on your main channel, doctor? Too scared people would finally recognize your performative activism? Or too scared of losing your big bucks and endorsements?  I'm so disappointed Dr. Mike.
A lot of you sound like you're taking you're anger out of him. Given what happened I think we all would have done the same. If my parents surprised us with a log cabin with more than enough room for me and my extended family we probably would have ran with it. Happily ate with our family, watched movies, played games, hell even played games. It sounds like a dream come true especially since we haven't seen or been with one another since February, people we used to spend sundays with, people who always spend time with us and who were always there when we needed them. We can be mad at him all we want, but we would have all done the same if we could. He looks almost happy at mentioning his friends, their surprise for him. He was happy at that moment and forgot about the pandemic in that moment. He was human and made a human mistake.
I used to love watching his videos, but now I feel like it's just not worth it anymore. I have no respect for this boy now. Also, I wonder how he would feel knowing that animals, including dogs like his Bear, can get covid.. I hope he learns from this and does better in the future. Now I'm worried for his puppy..
Shame that you did not practice what you preach. This act gives anti vaxxers voice. Plus shame on you on not uploading this on main channel and hiding like and unlike number to hide that people did not like this apology. Sorry not accepting your apology it does not look sincere. You guys literally put a lot of people in danger.
Just saw the title and thumbnail for a video about him being a hypocrite. Didn't watch it, though. Then saw this. Then saw the channel title and bbn wondered why he changed his channel name. Then realized he didn't. Watch his main channel pretty regularly, and didn't even know this one existed.  Not gonna lie...feeling a bit let down.
Ok , he is and hypocrite but people makes mistakes it is normal I forgive you but do not do it again please
Geez , how am I barley seeing this now?  Do the right thing and take accountability on your main channel, where everyone will see.  You spoke about risks? You yourself were not at risk- yes. but , the potential risk of spreading this virus to those TRULY at risk is not something that should be taken lightly.. you work with general public for goodness sake. This goes beyond practicing what you preach.   That being said, nobody is perfect. You aren’t hated. But this world needs more accountability, own it on the proper platform.
Listen next time just do better, we all make mistakes. But it does look hella sus When for the past eight months you’ve been saying to do a zoom party but then YOU can go to a real party boat with a bunch of Instagram models in Miami , Come on man
So the like to dislike ratio is hidden, huh? No worries dude, I'll just up vote all the comments calling you out.
Masks don't work see Danish mask study
UNSUBSCRIBE
I am struggling to want to keep engaging with your content again. People certainly make mistakes, including hypocrisy, but this barely seems like an apology given that the first half is just justifications, you've hidden this away on your MUCH smaller channel and you demonstrably did not follow guidelines (nevermind your own advice) for anyone who looks at the photos and can count into double digits. This just seems like a "I'm sorry...errr...(for getting caught)."  There are millions of people who in similar moments also think that the rules don't apply to them and that's where you've been the voice that may have swayed some to think twice and do better. But when you've chosen to be in the public space with a position of authority and do the opposite of what you urge others to do, you've destroyed the merit of your words and instead show people that "oh it's actually okay to make this exception for myself".
😒
And now the likes and dislikes are disabled?  Well Mike, I’ve followed you since your pro/anti vax middle ground reaction video, but I think I’ve watched my last video on your channel.  And it really breaks my heart to say goodbye to someone I adored and respected so much, especially someone so heroic to save a passenger on a Trans-Atlantic flight.  Stay happy and healthy. Goodbye.
The thing is Dr Mike, U will get forgiven but not forgotten. Its ok to make mistakes. not an issue as everyone's involved is safe. but our every mistakes comes with hefty price. Though ur forgiven, u probally lost all the trust and respect to some, Hopefully u will recover it soon. I wish u all the best in life👍
As much as everyone is bashing him saying his apology wasn’t sincere or why is this not on his main channel yes he’s a health care professional but he’s also a human and humans are careless regardless of the profession you’re in ok he had a party and didn’t follow safety guidelines are we all gunna stand there and say we’ve been following these guidelines perfectly ourselves?
Okay... after looking up pictures from the incident I have to say I’ve lost a lot of respect and trust in him
Live your life
Dissapointed
Why this is still not on main channel
I'm understand it's his life and everything, do whatever you want, even parties.. but when he says to us that we should stay at home, while he does not respect that, does the opposite, so he's basically lying... I don't like that. No-one does. Dislike
Lmao disabled the likes and dislikes
<3 Please, don‘t say that it‘s okay to insult you. It‘s not :) As you‘ve said: You‘re human. Greetings and love
Video: 4 minutes, probably not a clip.  Posted: Clips channel  Me: Makes sense
I really appreciate your honesty, it has been hard for everyone especially medical professionals to stay socially isolated in their personal life because they know what the impact may be.  Everyone makes mistakes and learning from them and owning up to them is the most important thing ♥️
It takes years to build your reputation and one moment to ruin it. All it takes is one wrongdoing.
Bruh if I get invited to a party on a YACHT, there is no way I’m not going.
Everyone in the comments acting like they’ve never made a mistake in their lives. We all mess up! The big thing head is you recognize it, and you are striving to do better 🥰much appreciated, 2”we are only human, we all make mistakes
The hypocritical liberal left at it again.
Dr. Mike you're literally fine
there are sometimes that even people who are an example to follow make mistakes and it is normal because we are all human
*Removes like/dislike numbers* Next step removes comment section
Dr mike we are all human and we make mistakes but from mistakes we learn
Don't you guys think that we should get over that controversy and move on? Everyone makes mistake, maybe this mistake was huge. Doc made a huge mistake and disappointed his fans, but he is just being polite and trying to apologize. Let's give him another chance. He's a human too, plus he and others have been tested negative for the virus. Maybe his actions might've left a huge impact on the society, but all of us present here have literal common sense right? People knowing the risk factors of this pandemic are using this guy to enjoy themselves! Even if he didn't make those mistakes there were so many people who tried to spread rumors! Now, He's got what he deserved, LETS FORGIVE HIM AND MOVE ON.
Im not even disappointed for what he did, he is human, made a mistake. I am disappointed because how he dealt with this, just man up, dont make any excuse and actually apologize in your main channel.
Thank you Doctor Mike - I look forward to more of your videos as you continue to be a source of information and hope to those of us who will continue to watch.
I’m pretty sure Doctor Mike, is any other normal human being. He needs time to relax. If he went to a party without social distancing, everyone should’ve been tested to see if they were positive. He is a doctor. He isn’t some uneducated or in knowledgeable person. If he gives so much news about covid, only for you to think he dropped all those advices just because he went to a party, he might as well be a hypocrite. Doctors, are humans too. And humans, make mistakes. Luckily for him, this isn’t a big problem as nothing bad really happened. Doctor Mike should not be criticised for only one mistake he made, when human beings aren’t always perfect, especially Doctors.
So disappointed to first hear about his ignorant conversation with Philip DeFranco about Muslim and Sikh people and then to see his hypocrisy with this situation. YouTube really teaches me that if somebody seems too good to be true, watch out.
Don’t any of y’all act like you’ve followed every rule the past year. We’ve all been in groups and done stuff we were supposed to. The difference between y’all and Mike is no one gives a shit about what you do
Can't even see like to dislike ratio.  Make a better apology and put it on the main channel.  Stop being a coward.
I look up to you Dr. Mike! I am incredibly disappointed on all the people who pretend to be by your side, but don’t hesitate in criticizing you and your one mistake. One thing you have done wrong and suddenly you went from their “hero” to zero... I am impressed by how easily all the good deeds a person carries out are pushed to the sidelines by ONE MISTAKE! I am certain that every single person who wrote a hateful comment has committed more than one mistake, but not nearly as many have your courage to say “I MESSED UP”. For that, and so many more things, I admire you Dr Mike.
MAN DISABLED COMMENTS
Guys yes he should wear a mask the doctor professionals even say the corona isn't even that bad. I have family member who are old and ill and got sick with covid they were fine. I got sick and was fine yes people have died but the flu has killed more. Covid is more contagious and you should wear a mask but its really not that serious and we shouldn't be shutting anything down. Its proven to be bad for the economy. Millions will die from economy failure and that will happened if we all keep going crazy over an advanced flu and shutting everything down. One mistake he makes and all the toxic cancel culture already down his throat is everyone seriously that bored?
I have seen the pictures that came out you are irresponsible and I’m disgusted that I looked up too you
Clearly, you simply don't get it. Or, do you? What you're trying to spray-away isn't the real problem. The greater stench is your attempt to distract peoples' thinking away from the fact that by your very actions you've proven that you know this whole scamdemic/plandemic isn't real!    Seriously, it's time to put down the shovel and get dressed. You are the Emperor.
Can you post this to your main channel..
I’ve been a fan of you for so long.. I’m disappointed.
It's impossible to be quarantined for a full year . U are human , no person can be isolated without human contact for months on end . Every person deserves a break from the isolation of life . Your birthday ? U were safe,  u acted in accordance with the guidelines . U A doctor , u can't function going from your morbid workplace to home day in day our for months on end without a break.  I'm at the point of crazy , I need to be at the beach,  I need to see people outside of isolation , even if it's just for one day , few hours . Being a doctor is a morbid experience since March,  then isolation and then work,  as a Dr,  u need a time out from the morbid daily life .. It's not a crime that u had one day of fun as it was ur birthday and u guys were clearly safe . Opening yourself up for criticism is ridiculous,  u human and irs not a mistake to have a day of fun , ur profession is a morbid right now , there is just hardships being a doctor right now .. Every doctor and nurse have a right to a day of sunshine and some friends , for the sake of your mental well being as a doctor,  it's important u take time out from the morbid pattern that has clouded the lives of health care workers in the last year.  To be an effective doctor , your mental health is important.,
You where very very close. Very close and you make excuses and you are a doctor that sees patients 🤦.  You messed up. You fell because of the social pressure kind off....  I am really surprised you still have your job but you are not the only one that says one thing and then goes somewhere without a mask or breaks the quarantine.   All of us make mistakes....
best part is masks don't work, he proved it. If this disease was so deadly and the mask was 100% effective, no smart doctor would just "not wear one"
Why do you guys care about his life so much get a life
You call him a hypocrite but all of you not accepting his genuine apology, are the same who have done mistakes over and over. He literally spoke about his mistake and how his actions impact not only his genuine friendships and connections but all the others he impact on the media. He even takes a stand to take on his mistake as his error but to not go against the science. You all are pathetic, like if you never done anything wrong in life
Not you turning off the like and dislike.
Ya'll just stop. Have you never made a mistake in your life? Are you perfect? Why are people so quick to judge but when they mess up they're begging people to forgive them. He's helped a lot of people in his field and one slip up and suddenly it all accounts for nothing? I'm not saying what he did was right, but I think we've ridiculed the guy enough.
Takes away likes and dislikes cause of the overwhelming amount of dislikes. Smh.
Let's get something straight: Dr. Mike sees patients VIRTUALLY during the pandemic.
Dr Mike can do nothing wrong 😘
Love how he made us not see how many dislikes he got on that.
I'm wondering how many people criticizing him also were on partys, also invited friends and family over to dinner or have made other mistakes.   None of that is okay in the current situation I want to make that clear. However, us humans are not always rational and logical. Our emotions oftentimes gets in the way.  I think you made the right decision on sharing this apology, Mike. I'm convinced you're sorry and I'm sure you learned something from all this. Even if it's the old saying "practice what you preach" or "your actions have consequences". Being a public figure people tend to be a lot more judgemental towards you, but I'm sure you're aware of that.
I wish he would have posted it on his main channel.
i've been saying this for a while, you're not sorry, you're sorry *you got caught!* hypocrite
still not sorry huh? bye felicia
So nice of you to have such a small channel for apologies.
I agree with those saying that he's being judged a little harshly.  I mean everyone has a right to their own opinion and I respect that.  Yes, he shouldn't have done it...I agree with that.  But I'm just not going to totally write him off because of it...maybe because I don't really "look up" to him, I just enjoy watching his videos.  He entertains me and that's the extent of it.
I have zero sympathy for his apology when millions of people are dying from covid and he’s a doctor partying without a mask when he’s suppose to stay home and not risk his life lmao! I can’t-
This is an excuse video, not really an apology video. The people I look up to on Youtube has become one person less. It's the usual "I'm sorry but ...".
Like nobody here has never made a mistake. Keyboard warriors..
I prefer Dr. Grande for sincerity and advice.
This apology should be on is main channel his 6.6 million followers sees it. 🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️
Hey man, you still haven't given people a real apology. Do it on your main channel
Point me out he who has no faults in life.
Look guys. Doctors may have degrees and may seem perfect, but we all make Mistakes!! Please don’t “cancel” him out. We are ALL HUMAN AND WE ARE ALL GOING CRAZY IN THIS HORRIBLE PANDEMIC! We all are going to break Character. I agree this was wrong! He shouldn’t have done that as it isn’t safe. BUT PLEASE, Please have mercy on him and other people in the world. He may have messed up, but he knows it.  I feel bad for social media celebrities. Because even if they mess up, everyone attacks them and we forget they are HUMAN BEINGS! If a normal person messed up, we wouldn’t care much. But since it’s a celebrity, we have to “cancel them” and make their lives hell! Remember, we are human beings!
“I’m sorry, I messed up. I’m human.”  Yeah, but as someone who is also in the medical field (not a doctor, however) you were armed with ALL of the facts. You KNEW. You have a deeper understanding of these things than most. And you still chose to go on that boat.   This apology doesn’t cut it. The majority of us have been dying for a break from this draining career we took, and hoping our coworkers are being responsible. I don’t want to hear hyoid justify getting on a party boat with a bunch of girls I am going to reduce to Instagram “models”.   How disappointing. Another doctor who isn’t actually so grounded in reality.
The right thing to do is to not go to the party in the first place. Looking up the guidelines is you trying to justify that what you want to do is okay.  It’s alright. If you only messed up once, fellow humans are willing to accept your apology, but in nature, you mess up once, somebody will come and eat you.
You should check out this article “32 Cases Of Ableism People Have Actually Experienced That Will Make You Wanna Scream” on Buzzfeed. I think it could make for an interesting vid topic. I work in the medical field and hear things like this all the time from people who just expect to be ignored because of past experiences.
Wow what a smug, disgusting justifications of your actions. Spin this however you want, that is not an apology sir.
Is it me or there is this trend from influencers to issue rather plain and empty "apologies" lately ?
Is it bad that I think the reason he was at that party was, because he was too nice to say no? The party was on a boat for crying out loud boats aren't cheap. Maybe he didn't want the effort to go to waste. I will admit he should've put this on his main channel. At the same time people probably wouldn't accept it anyways since it's an apology on YouTube, and we know how well those go. That's just me giving him the benefit of the doubt, but if you disagree I would like to hear why. It doesn't hurt to hear that you're wrong if you need to correct yourself. Also unlike some other celebrities this is the only time I've heard of him do something like this. While Jake Paul is throwing house parties with 50 people in his big house.
This is a bullshit apology!! Why isn't this on your main channel? Are you taking accountability or are you pacifying those who are annoyed with you for being a hypocrite? I don't buy for one second that you were "surprised" by your friend. It takes planning to pull this sort of thing off, and if you were surprised when exactly did you have time to reflect and do your research on the CDC website about the restrictions on a boat? Do your friends not know what you do or what kind of content you create? Something doesn't add up. My birthday was yesterday and my friends surprised me with a delivered cake that was left at my door. Why? Because my friends know that I'm a proud nurse and I take social distancing seriously!!! I used to enjoy watching you but today, I'm going to unsubscribe to all your channels. I agree with your messages but your hypocrisies are hurting it for the entire medical community.  Make genuine and honest apologies and do better in your personal life. K. Thanks. Bye.
-Covid was dying down at that time -He followed the rules and guidelines -He wasn't seeing patients at the time -He only put himself at risk and everyone else who agreed and made that decision which was on them -More than half the population is doing the same thing as him and I'm sure many of you have broken guidelines at least once but as soon as a celebrity does it they get attacked? -Y'all are trying to say it "fake" but what else is he supposed to see. This apology was more on the real side compared to other apologies i've seen. And if he didn't make an apology video he would have gotten attacked for that as well -You'll need to let it go and stop acting like you and people you know haven't done things like this  And if you were a true fan of his you would have realized all of these things and had not been so quick to judge and complain. You didn't need to support his decisions or back them up but you shouldn't have be like "Omg I cOuLdNt BrInG mYseLf To WaTcH hiS vIdeOs AnyMoRe".
I am extremely disappointed in you, Mike. A lot of these people in the comments are, too. I trusted you as a doctor and respected you very much, but that is all gone now. That leaked picture is absolutely disgusting. To see those women hanging on you made me sick to my stomach. The fact that BOTH of my grandfathers passed away a week a part this month FROM COVID and we can’t have a service for either of them breaks my heart. The grandfather that I was the closest with had a lifelong dream to donate his body to science ( YOUR CAREER PATH) but after he passed, we found out he couldn’t because he was positive for Covid. The saddest part is, I don’t think you care. I doubt you will ever read this comment or if you do, you will not care. You fail to see that you’ve hurt thousands of people. You’re supposed to be protecting us and saving lives. I’m not saying that doctors aren’t humans and can’t make honest mistakes- I’m saying that you knew when you made the mistake that it was wrong, but chose to do it anyways. This makes me feel incredibly betrayed and is the reason I will no longer be supporting you or your channel.
Are you gonna put this video on your main channel too?
Coward
You are so cowardly for turning of the like button thing (you can you longer see how many likes and dislikes the thing has)
You really don’t need to hate. I understand that he made a mistake. And y’all are hating for him for it. I just wanna know what your still hating on. He understands that he made a mistake. He learned a lesson and hes making the best of it. Please stop acting like you never made mistakes. We’re all human and we make mistakes. Sometimes we skip a step and that causes something bad. And everyone has skipped that step. So please stop acting like you haven’t made a mistake and be respectful.
We forgive you ❤
And his recent videos have all been about COVID-19. Smh🥱🤦‍♀️
This is not a big deal. I understand you’re sorry, but you shouldn’t be. I will continue to support you.
And I thought he was smart. 😅🤣🤭
Here's an apology video in which I explain why I'm not technically responsible for my own choices. 🙄
It's in the past, you've apologized whether that's in main, second or third whatever. I hope you had a lot of fun on your party with your friends! :) seeing everyone's comments are horrible. personally, i'm happy to see medical professionals giving themselves a break and have fun despite the health messages they are MEANT to share. you all have done so much. i hope these people will be kinder to you for this one mistake.
Darling.. I can't forgive a doctor for doing that
This was not cool Mike.   I get that pandemic hurts us all mentally but is a party really necessary? Come on, you are better than that.  I'm not gonna cancel him, I think that's too much. People can make mistakes (or knowingly bad choices like in this one) But I hope he won't be doing it again since it goes against everything he stands for.
Put up or shut-up, Dr. Mike. Time to take the vax for your beliefs you've shared with 1.5 million people now...I'll wait.
Petition to cancel doctor mike and have his license revoked from him. He's lying. He's a health professional. He knew that he was hurting people.
Well I am the first 1 to say I forgive you
Do what I say not what I do....im so disappointed because I honestly thought you were better than this. You more than anyone, as a doctor, have seen what COVID does. Having said that you , like every other human,  make  mistakes. The maskless event was a big one and not putting this apology on your main channel makes me question the sincerity.
Sounds honest and humane, I understand, Doctor Mike, wish you well :)
Yes. He made a mistake. We all do. This may have been a severe mistake but at least he is making the effort to make it right. What he did was indeed wrong, but he’s facing the consequences of his decision.
Please do right and post it in your other channel too
I live in a region where hardly anyone cares about covid forget even sharing a mask. And as a supporter of social distance I used to heavily make others around me aware of the importance and convince them to atleast wear a mask and even showed them dr Mike videos. But seeing my role model mess this bad really made me realise that everyone is a hypocrite. It really makes you lose hope...
Over a month later and you still haven’t posted this on your main channel or addressed this like a responsible person would. You like reading your comments? Well you should be reading these. We’re disappointed with you so much, not just because you made a mistake, but because you apologized for it by trying to explain yourself (your title even sounds like you’re trying to make yourself look good) and, what ticks me off the most as someone who was a dedicated fan and told all their friends about you, you didn’t have the guts to post this on your main channel. My trust for you is gone and I can no longer watch your videos. I thought something would change and you’d have a change of heart, but you’ve just kept posting videos on your channel like nothings happened. I thought you were so much better.
When im in new york imma look u up
You being out there disproves the science! Shame on you
Over all the excuses!!! 👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽
why does everyone act like they have NEVER made a mistake in their life like it's not like all of you guys are god or something like cmon we are made to make mistakes and learn from them WE ARE ALL HUMAN. just wanted to say my opinion - love you doctor mike
So uh, just figured this out now just by going through the comments in your main channel, and I agree with the other commenters here. We're all stuck in this pandemic together, we see doctors as our only hope if ever we get infected by this so called virus, yet you go out there and have a party and all. I'm still young, like 16 year old young, but if you were truly sorry, place this in your main channel, don't only be sorry to like a hundred thousand of us, be sorry to the millions of subscribers you have. We all do commit mistakes, but I see that you were only sorry that you got caught. I advice that you step away from being sorry so you don't loose subscribers and loose your career, instead, be sorry that you did this action as well. Don't only post it in your main channel, but also to all you either social media accounts. Be the Doctor Mike we all know. Aa of now, I'm quite disappointed in your actions. I know we all deserve second chances, that's why I will continue to support you (not financially tho, still young :3 ) by still being a subscriber to you, and still will share your channel to others. I hope that things will be turned around, not for your career, but for the greater good.
Did he just say his friends gave him a “private boat” as a gift? This fucking guy...
Lol, what a wanker. "Stop being human because of a cold virus!" Your propoganda is hurting human health more than a mild virus or your little rich guy trip ever could.
I'm gonna throw a party to honor Dr.Mike
Put this on your main Channel. I don’t believe this. This does not seem genuine at all. You know as a doctor the risk. To even suggest you looked up the CDC guideline as if you don’t know the risk and what you were doing.  To see people like you who are wealthy and have knowledge just neglect guidelines and then there’s my mother who suffers from lung disease and is a nurse. Sincerely f off.
With all those model chicks no Wonder why he decided to assume the risk... I mean, in my opinion, it's not that  big of a deal IF all of them got tested NEGATIVE, before the partying, after all you can't be isolated forever. I just don't understand why he's apologizing and at the same time justifying himself about why and how cautious he was while it happend. Man, if you were to apologise,  do it. But do it right, on your main channel and stop  minimizing what u did with all the excuses. it's confusing. The real question here is why are you sorry if you were safe, or is it a lie and that's the reason? Hey. Stand your position... Are you sorry or NOT?  Man up!  If u did it and took your measures. Period. don't come here apologizing.
Its okay dr mike. This is your consequences to be celebrity and doctor at the same time. Its okay, your still a great doctor ❤ i hope you can be a better person, im not gonna judging you because i also makes mistake.
Why is this not on the main channel?
mike you made a a mistake and we forgive you i always see the good in people that is the way i was raised i make mistake but i learned to make it right  that is how to be a better person to learn to make things right. from Anna Thompson
People’s are literally dying alone while the people they love have to watch through glass or a screen for safety reasons. They don’t get to hug their families goodbye. They don’t get to kiss their husband or wife for the last time. They don’t get to tell their kids that they love them, and that they’re proud of them, and that it will all be okay.   But I hope you had fun at your party
SHAMEFUL.
This is damage control , not an honest apology or learning experience.  You show that you dont care about healt or people when doesnt serve your selfish desire for party! While people after almost 1 year are still dying.  We cant or whant to party now because whe are still mourning for those who we haved  lost to the virus, but i hope you had fun on you covid party.  Excuses are like but holes doc. Everybody has one!   An advise, use the mask! Keep safe distance!  Covid is Real!!!  And do a real video not an apology because that doesnt change a thing really. Just be honest !  Admit you didnt think covid was  that serious but now you know better.  Because you do dont you?.... P.s. you should stick to react to medical series videos insted of giving people those do as i say not as i do advices.
Okay I know everyone is mad about this but I get it ! He said he took all quarantine and tests necessaries before going back to NY ie to work  Like stop trying to make people into gods plz he is a human  Sorry bug if you get tested spend some time with friends than isolate than test than go back to work and that you live alone you are OK
Good material for 'ethical' doctors to react to.
Can't wait to read the comments on his next COVID video on the main channel *** Birdman hands rubbing 👏🏼 ***
Been looking for this video just to comment you’re hypocrite. I was looking up to you. What a shame.
All of his exucses are those similar to Kim's birthday party 👁️👄👁️
Read about the boat party but didn't bother with this video until now.  This is funny! LMAO, a contender for Streamys under Comedy category.  People don't believe science because you, as a health practitioner didn't believe in it, you idiot.
Are his Corona virus videos monitized? Even if not, he's gained more followers and interviews on TV regarding the pandemic, and he does this? I'm so torn, because I know like... When rules here loosened here, I followed them and went to a "party" and it was following all the guidlines (under 10 people is basically our only rule here) but I knew it was still selfish.  Just because those are the local guidelines doesn't mean it's effective at actually stopping the spread of corona virus. Basically how can I hate on him for doing something I would have done (IF it was following rules), but at the same time he latched right onto the pandemic the second he could, and has been benefitting in some way from it, and then does something selfish, tries to play it off... I'm so conflicted.  I'm so tired of corporations benefitting off this pandemic but most average peoples lives have been turned upside down, and this situation gives me a similar feeling. Doctor Mike, many of us looked up to you, and you're not being as upstanding as we all came to know you as.
Just how do you mess up that badly, you literally had a choice...
you know all the fake subscribers are the ones that leave when he makes 1 mistake
i feel so bad for him
But he apologized it's ok people's do mistake I have seen so  many people who doesn't wear mask he is famous so people targeting him and he justified himself
To all the people saying *other people don't stay at home so stop bashing him* it's more deeper than that. He's made his work place, co-workers and the whole profession look bad over this 'accident'. He's been lecturing people that they should stay quarantined and always wear masks but did he do that? Nope. He knew what he was doing and is apologising for getting caught. At this point he just cancelled himself 🤷🏿‍♀️.
Ok finally he's wearing looser shirts but now hes gonna have to wear one with more fabric😂 not that I'm complaining 😏
I've only just seen this video. All I gotta say is, he's human, people make mistakes. It was wrong what he did and he knows it. But everybody makes mistakes, like I said it only proves your human. Don't want no drama, that's just my opinion. People are welcome to say what they want and give their own opinion.
4:20 *bruuuh* stop excusing urself "I'll strive to do better" already sounded like "Well I'll tell my friends to not book another boat trip but like if they dooo whatamIgonnado" but you topped it with "I can't promise I won't make another mistake". These mistakes are absolute conscious decisions, you're either willing to make them or you're not. You obviously think most likely nothing bad will come from such things and are willing to take the risk cause you're human and want to live and the only thing you've learned is to be more careful next time. Just don't make weird apology videos trying to still look good by overly humbling everyone else about being so careful PLUS reminding us you *legally* did nothing wrong like duh you wanna keep your job that's one risk you wouldn't compromise about. We don't think you're dumb. Please don't think we are. There's really nothing to excuse here.
I am also a family doctor. You are the ultimate of hypocrisy, You have done the message of staying home so much more harm than you think. Your apology is half baked. Stop your You Tube career for a while and reflect on what you did in honor of the many lives you may have taken because you have legitmized the  conspiracy theorists.,
I googled Covid Hypocrisy, as we have had our share of this in the UK and you came up number 1 on the search.  Talk about trying to cover yourself and keep your fame.  Surprisingly no crocodile tears
Dr Mike, you checked the risks and I believe you know what your doing. We're only human and mistakes do happen. Just keep being you and being awesome.
Mike, you're better than me cause I would have NEVER apologized. Some of these people were just itching for a reason to not like you🙄. You made one mistake and now it's a witch hunt. Mike ignore this, it'll blow over, keep up the good work. PEOPLE TALK ABOUT SUCCESS, BUT WHEN THEY SEE IT THEY WANNA TEAR IT DOWN!
Im new on this channel, what did he do?
Hypocrite!
I look up to u Even if u made this one mistanke. Men
The only issue here is that he posted it on the wrong channel. That just throws forgiveness out the window.
I looked up to you.
Pewds should review this apology xD
hey mike, don't stress nobody actually cares and they say they do but turn around and go hangout with their friends please don't worry you're awesome and everyone makes mistakes so don't worry seriously
I don't think you're a bad person, but I am so disappointed. I enjoyed your content. I love watching your videos and the things you have posted have helped me to stay socially responsible during this pandemic. My husband and I both have anxiety and depression, AND we had to move for my husband's career last June, leaving our whole quaranteam behind, so this pandemic had been absolutely devastating on our mental and emotional health. I missed my brothers e wedding because of the pandemic. I backed out of Christmas plans 5 years in the making that would have had my whole family together for the first time in years because traveling would not have been socially responsible.  You have said over and over that you hold yourself to a higher standard not just because you're a doctor, but because you're an influence AND a doctor. What upsets me most is that people like my husband and I, who are not medical professionals, who have struggled through the hellacious mental health issues that come with isolating and not being neutro typical, that we have done our absolute best to help end this disease and that you, a medical professional who should know better and who has said as much frequently in the past very pointedly did not.   I wouldn't be mad or disappointed if I didn't believe in you and the good you are capable of putting out in to the world. I have to say, even after this apology, I'm not done being mad or disappointed, but as long as you do everything you can to make this right, I think I'll be able to accept your apology and move past this in the future. For now, for the sake of everyone who is influenced by your online presence, do better. Be better.
Jesus these comments are hella dramatic, he probably followed protocol to the damn letter. He's human, he gets tired, he gets lonely, he needs to have a responsible gathering once in a while to renew his energy. Chill people...
What a shalllow hypocrite. You've lectured people for months about what they can and cannot do, and based on some of your own videos, why would you think that being maskless and making physical contact with other people on a boat would be okay?
Stop it. You did the party knowing that masks and social distancing are bs, you are probably being paid big bucks to say all those things you said to keep other people at home. You are sorry you got caught.
What a fuckinh joke that he had to apologize for this 🤦‍♀️
Is this really an apology? 😰
okay but not yall getting at him when there's so many people not following the rules either? yes it was completely wrong of him to do this but the most he could do was do a apology and get better.
pls post this on main :(
But you preach to people to stay inside and social distance, and you broke them. That is hypocritical especially how your a doctor and preach to people
Does anybody actually care about covid anymore?  99.8% survival rate.
You’ve disgraced your entire profession. You’ve disgraced every single one of your colleagues. You knew what you were doing was wrong and you did it anyways. I used to really like your videos and look up to you but not anymore. Fame really does corrupt people. This was a weak apology at best. Do better.
We love you to the moon and back...unconditionally. You are amazing beyond words don’t forget that!!! Appreciate all you do!!! ♥️🤍♥️🤍
Everybody makes mistake, period. Pee..Woop !
I'm a fan of yours and I look up to you. You probably won't read this but anyways, it's very disappointing to see this apology video being posted on your secondary account, and the narrative of the video is not owning up to your hypocrisy. As an audience, I still trust your medical and your method of scicomm but the respect for you spreads thin. Hope this incident doesn't backfire, whoever opposes you have plenty of reason to discredit your work.
I thought I got a doctor that I could trust on, what a dissapointment
What a hypocrite
Doctors are human too... Doctors are first responders too...which way you go... people in power should be aware of this...with great power comes great responsibility
I'm from Ireland but live in the middle east. Because of the pandemic I've missed family birthdays, the birth of my niece (I'll also miss the birth of another niece/nephew in March), I missed spending Christmas at home with my family. I missed these things because I know that it would be irresponsible to travel and to put other people in danger - so i decided to not take that risk.  As a doctor I feel like you should have known that better than anyone. You have experienced first hand the people who are affected by covid and you have seen how easily it spreads - I'm disappointed that you couldn't make an informed decision rather than act selfishly.  Having said that, we all make mistakes and we all learn from mistakes. I just hope that you've learnt from this one.
I never comment... but Dr. Mike. This AIN'T IT. This seem very insincere. I just lost $2,000 because my dad exposed me to  COVID. I am negative. I lost two weeks with my students. Come on.
So disappointed in you...seriously!
I don’t get the problem
Wait you carry that many tests on hand for a surprise party?
""rules for thee but not for me" Mikhail
Funny how this isn't on his regular page. Idk how sorry he really is
lmao it has more dislikes then likes.
I'm most upset that you willingly violated the oath by putting your patients in danger.
Thank you, Dr. Mike. We all need to do better. You're awesome because you constantly step up when you make a mistake. We love you. Makes me think about all the ways I can do better as well.
ok, look, we are all guilty of not wearing masks. he isn't the only one guilty of this. the fact that people have been "trying to stay safe" while going to lunch with friends, going to parties (my entire neighborhood has been partying every weekend in 2020), going to the movies with friends, and all this while not wearing masks (which frankly don't do anything, use logic people). don't act like he's beneath you, because you're all doing the same thing, and the only difference is that he is internet famous and you aren't, which is why he gets the sh*t for it.
What a pathetic apology to try to save his channel. He talks about learning from his mistakes he knew they were mistakes before he did it. Perhaps learn from the doctors you tell us to learn and listen to. This is a classic case of someone thinking he is above the rules.
Why so many dislikes????? Dear people , please notice this is an apology video , not saying that you should do what i tell you , but he is AT LEAST APOLOGIZING!!! ALSO he is young and we all make mistakes . Don't act like you have never made a mistake people. Also everybody is talking about that "im not putting anyone at risk cause i live alone , what about your patients?? YO. HE WEARS A MASK AT WORK
Every single person is commenting on the same premise   For the people with point " oh I can't see my [insert name of relative/whatever] but you can party" he shouldn't have attended it with regards to his patients which is a lack of responsibility on his part but the people are acting like they have never slacked on their words and have hit every single goal they planned   Was it hypocrisy ? Maybe yes but it's relative not absolute ,repetitive violations that deserve to be called out. There are no binary stages 0,1 or hypocrite or not a hypocrite , everyone commits mistake but people also realise.  Was it careless ? Yes he should have realised he has a responsibility as he has a  following 9Mn , and he is a Doctor   " Oh I can't see my [insert relative/friend] " , it's not because Dr Mike said that you cannot meet and now he mistakenly or ignorantly or deliberately ( your opinion ) It's because there's a pandemic going on and the last thing you want is infect yourself or your loved ones.  For the point that this was not uploaded on his main channel I strongly believe that he should have uploaded this on his main channel Everyone Thinks so, but if you put yourself into his shoes you soon realise what a disaster it can disspell and I can guarantee that no  one would have uploaded this on main channel but exceptions are there ?  Does he deserved to be cancelled for this ? It's your opinion but just remember there's a saying in Hindi , "Dudh ka dhula to tu bhi nahi hai"  i.e. no one is completely clean of the acts they commit  Remember if every human had to be cancelled for making a mistake (even if you have a influence of you don't) , we would be extinct in a matter of days  *I rest my case here*
Every single person is commenting on the same premise   For the people with point " oh I can't see my [insert name of relative/whatever] but you can party" he shouldn't have attended it with regards to his patients which is a lack of responsibility on his part but the people are acting like they have never slacked on their words and have hit every single goal they planned   Was it hypocrisy ? Maybe yes but it's relative not absolute ,repetitive violations that deserve to be called out. There are no binary stages 0,1 or hypocrite or not a hypocrite , everyone commits mistake but people also realise.  Was it careless ? Yes he should have realised he has a responsibility as he has a  following 9Mn , and he is a Doctor   " Oh I can't see my [insert relative/friend] " , it's not because Dr Mike said that you cannot meet and now he mistakenly or ignorantly or deliberately ( your opinion ) It's because there's a pandemic going on and the last thing you want is infect yourself or your loved ones.  For the point that this was not uploaded on his main channel I strongly believe that he should have uploaded this on his main channel Everyone Thinks so, but if you put yourself into his shoes you soon realise what a disaster it can disspell and I can guarantee that no  one would have uploaded this on main channel but exceptions are there ?  Does he deserved to be cancelled for this ? It's your opinion but just remember there's a saying in Hindi , "Dudh ka dhula to tu bhi nahi hai"  i.e. no one is completely clean of the acts they commit  Remember if every human had to be cancelled for making a mistake (even if you have a influence of you don't) , we would be extinct in a matter of days  *I rest my case here*
Every single person is commenting on the same premise   For the people with point " oh I can't see my [insert name of relative/whatever] but you can party" he shouldn't have attended it with regards to his patients which is a lack of responsibility on his part but the people are acting like they have never slacked on their words and have hit every single goal they planned   Was it hypocrisy ? Maybe yes but it's relative not absolute ,repetitive violations that deserve to be called out. There are no binary stages 0,1 or hypocrite or not a hypocrite , everyone commits mistake but people also realise.  Was it careless ? Yes he should have realised he has a responsibility as he has a  following 9Mn , and he is a Doctor   " Oh I can't see my [insert relative/friend] " , it's not because Dr Mike said that you cannot meet and now he mistakenly or ignorantly or deliberately ( your opinion ) It's because there's a pandemic going on and the last thing you want is infect yourself or your loved ones.  For the point that this was not uploaded on his main channel I strongly believe that he should have uploaded this on his main channel Everyone Thinks so, but if you put yourself into his shoes you soon realise what a disaster it can disspell and I can guarantee that no  one would have uploaded this on main channel but exceptions are there ?  Does he deserved to be cancelled for this ? It's your opinion but just remember there's a saying in Hindi , "Dudh ka dhula to tu bhi nahi hai"  i.e. no one is completely clean of the acts they commit  Remember if every human had to be cancelled for making a mistake (even if you have a influence of you don't) , we would be extinct in a matter of days  *I rest my case here*
Every single person is commenting on the same premise   For the people with point " oh I can't see my [insert name of relative/whatever] but you can party" he shouldn't have attended it with regards to his patients which is a lack of responsibility on his part but the people are acting like they have never slacked on their words and have hit every single goal they planned   Was it hypocrisy ? Maybe yes but it's relative not absolute ,repetitive violations that deserve to be called out. There are no binary stages 0,1 or hypocrite or not a hypocrite , everyone commits mistake but people also realise.  Was it careless ? Yes he should have realised he has a responsibility as he has a  following 9Mn , and he is a Doctor   " Oh I can't see my [insert relative/friend] " , it's not because Dr Mike said that you cannot meet and now he mistakenly or ignorantly or deliberately ( your opinion ) It's because there's a pandemic going on and the last thing you want is infect yourself or your loved ones.  For the point that this was not uploaded on his main channel I strongly believe that he should have uploaded this on his main channel Everyone Thinks so, but if you put yourself into his shoes you soon realise what a disaster it can disspell and I can guarantee that no  one would have uploaded this on main channel but exceptions are there ?  Does he deserved to be cancelled for this ? It's your opinion but just remember there's a saying in Hindi , "Dudh ka dhula to tu bhi nahi hai"  i.e. no one is completely clean of the acts they commit  Remember if every human had to be cancelled for making a mistake (even if you have a influence of you don't) , we would be extinct in a matter of days  *I rest my case here*
Hey he did not cheak the covid restrictions because i watched a body launguage vidio and he is expirenced so why would he bother
7*1 = 7 7*2 = 14 7*3 = 21  7*4 = 30 7*5 = 35 7*6 = 42 7*7 = 49 7*8 = 56 7*9 = 63 7*10 = 70               People will always point out mistakes not the 90% times you were correct
To be honest, I have nothing to say but I'm disappointed. Watching you throughout this pandemic helped me choose my subjects according to the criteria to get into a top university to study medicine, because you reassured me that medicine was a way to help people and that I would be one of those people to help others. Its disappointing to see someone who you look up to, completely disregard and contradict their teachings.
Guys, didn’t he apologize? And it didn’t sound fake he admitted he made a mistake and y’all just keep attacking him, he said he’ll do better, what else do you want him to do? Kiss your feet?
This was very disappointing :/ my husband and I haven't seen family in a year now. We have paused all our vacations to Europe first time ever being overseas. Seems that this is a shallow apology from a guy who just wanted to get laid in the middle of a pandemic. Lost my respect man, sorry. You know what you did while you were doing it.
Oh my god, this is incredibly irresponsible. You're a doctor. You see the most vulnerable. Your advice is used by many.  I can't trust you to make good decisions, and I'm super disappointed and hurt.  I haven't been able to see my own kids, my family, my friends, my co-workers, nothing. I'm completely isolated and alone to protect people and reduce risk of spread until this blows over. How can you, a doctor, be so irresponsible?  I can't watch your stuff anymore man, just makes me feel sick to my stomach to think. You say you're not just some rich jock airhead and hate being judged for it, maybe don't act like one hey.
i never even knew you did this till last week. disappointing that you did not upload this on your main.
Man I really enjoyed your channel and some of your content. But after seeing what you did I unsubscribed from your channel. Yes people make mistakes but throughout this whole video you have just been making excuse after excuse. I would have taken this video more seriously if you would have just have apologized straight up without reasoning or excuses. Also the fact that you did not have the balls to put this on your main channel makes you look weak.
Way to post this on a small channel. And you’re a doctor too. This was done out of pure selfishness, and based on your education you knew that your fun had a good chance of causing someone’s death. You don’t deserve to be forgiven for this. Maybe you’ll redeem yourself with other actions, but frankly you don’t deserve forgiveness for this because you were ready to cause a family grief
You're a doctor. You donkey
I agree what he did was wrong, but geez, yes he is a doctor but he is also a human and made a mistake.
You’re all upset but I’m over here hoping he would spit in my mouth
I kinda knew this might happen as every influence and public figure who kept talking about the dangers of covid 19 and keep asking us to stay at home also break their rules and what they tell you to do
This is very disappointing, not the apology that I thought it would be
Tbh I wish I never knew about this, very disappointed
I'm not even allowed to go to school and your a FREAKING DOCTOR who tells me to stay home. smh
I'm not one to drag people endlessly when they've made a mistake and as long as they apologize I recognize that and try to move on... but sth about this whole thing just leaves a bad taste in my mouth, like I can't look at him the same anymore. Just goes to show how high a standard he'd been held to before. It's gonna take some time to regain that trust, but I wish him all the best.
OMG! The message though tested or not if you advocate on something at least you have to be an example! If you are screaming on wear your mask and screaming on social distancing then do it. The message of the party is definitely saying ITS OK TO PARTY DURING Pandemic anyway you got yourself tested. He is aware of this CDC Guidelines or not he should have not been seen in party and large social gathering. I am living alone and i did not go home for the holidays because i dont want to put anyone at risk. YOU ADVOCATE ON WEARING MASK, YOU ADVOCATE SOCIAL DISTANCING AND THEN PEOPLE SEE YOU IN LARGE GATHERING SO IT GIVES A HUGE MESSAGE THAT IT IS OK BECAUSE WE ARE FOLLOWING CDC GUIDELINES. I AM NOT IN THE US BUT I HAVE RELATIVES THERE AND THEY ARE YOUR SUBSCRIBER AND THEY SEND ME LINKS OF YOUR CHANNEL TO EDUCATE ME ON COVID-19. Now because they see you had that party they went on and have themselves tested and then had a huge gathering family reunion. Thats the message you have put in because of your action.
Coward. This should be on your main channel.
Firts of all he knew very well what he was doing, he's the type of invidual  that spreads the virus "unknowingly", my Dad is in ICU due to Covid because of individuals like him. Secondly (yes I'm one them that watched this video unfurtunetely) so is he still getting money out of this from something he did wrong? If he is, he SHOULD donate all of his earnings at least from this video!!!
Dr. Mike, this is incredibly disappointing on many levels. While I appreciate you coming forward about your mistakes and publicly posting this video, this apology seems half-baked and frankly hardly an apology. It doesn’t feel honest. It doesn’t seem genuine. Not posting it on your primary channel is also very telling—another example of a choice you made where you failed to foresee the impact it would have on your viewers. What message are you sending by doing this? Or rather, to whom are you sending it? Not your millions of followers, apparently. You haven’t yet learned intent vs. impact. This situation is laced with privilege and hypocrisy and ruins your credibility entirely. And the reality is, that same privilege is going to allow you to continue thriving as a celebrity doctor, which is really disappointing as well.
I don't see where he did anything wrong. He is human and is entitled to live his life no different than the rest of us. I think he should have just not addressed it and let it die, like all nonsense on the web does.
What happened
why isn't this on your main channel? that's why i'm finding it one month after it was posted. and you said you were staying with your dad so didn't you put him at risk? and what about all your patients??? this is disappointing
Urghh people should stop saying he made a mistake. It wasn't!! He made a choice! He choose to have fun partying on a boat. He knows the risk. He's a doctor some more. Done unsubbing.
Thank you for your raw honesty and being very open about the mistake you made. This will pass, there are far worse ‘mistakes’ being made by people that really just don’t give a bleep. You thought you were covering all bases by checking cdc facts and guidelines. Don’t beat yourself up anymore. You’ve apologised and shame on conspiracy theorists using this as propaganda to their lunatic cause!   We still love you dr Mike 👍🏻
Yeah he messed up and it's upsetting but he is actually apologizing and trying to do better. I for now will chose to believe this is sincere.
Sad.  Is not judging is saying,, that other ppl do not hve the platform to make a whloe video and depending on the country , town can get jail time , penalties , without this opp,    And even more they tried to call attention on The seriouness of covid and waht they witness in hospital.  And now other opinion kills him.    Of course everyone deserve a chance to explain and apoligize.    But this only shows how easy we can get alone a situation and take a bad desicion.
Bro, you are a doctor but you dumb.
theese  stars just dont get it do they? people look up to them, everything they do and say is under the magnifying glass
YOURE A DOCTOR YOU SEE PATIENTS YOU SHOULD BE SELF ISOLATING MORE THAN ANYONE
Screw you man
He’s proven what we’ve known for years—he’s a narcissist. This half-assed apology is a joke.
Doctor Mike, are you a coward for not putting this on your main channel or are you a hypocrite for not practicing what you preach but expecting the rest of us to. Not that I expect you to read my or anyone else’s response or even care. The greedy, cowardly and shameless rarely do.
Dude I respected you now I’ve done research you’re lying you keep blinking that’s a sign that you are lying also I would like to see this on Your main channel also I hope you think about this before you do anything like this again
My god people he's HUMAN! Just because he makes a mistake, doesn't mean that he's a terrible Dr.  Like no one has ever known the risks of doing something and did it anyways? He made a mistake, he took responsibility for his actions. Either take the apology and zip your lips or don't.  He already feels like shit about it. You can see by the look on his face that he's upset about what he did.
Horrible, disappointed. YOU did not to this by mistake. YOU did this on purpose. ABSOLUTELY, HORRIBLE. You are a doctor, you should know MUCH better than this.
U see Mike, as a doctor you are going to be around patients and senior citizens.... As a doctor u take an oath to protect not put others in danger. I love all doctors, I never represent a whole country based on one person. The same thing I love the medical people who do hard work and try to keep us alive but you went out to hang out with fucking models. U promised to learn. I really hope your isolating yourself have taken a test. We forgave you but you break this promise I don't know anymore man.
Honestly as a frontline worker who is young lives alone and has minimal social contact if not going to work the fact people are yelling at this guy is disgusting. Most people have failed at some point. We are just seeing his magnified fuck you guys for being angry at him.
Why is this on your second channel and not your main channel that has more subscribers?....
FRENEMIES brought me here
A true narcissist
This is as bad as Logan Paul's apology
Lmao, he didn't even post it on his main channel.
rISK iS A SpEcTRim
I think I speak for all fellow medical professionals when I say...      Shut up.
I _just_ found out about this. I didn't even know you had a second channel, it's not in your video descriptions and you never mention it. This pandemic has given me anxiety attacks. I've been in quarantine for 10 months because I'm at high risk of complications. I've only left home twice for crucial medical procedures. I'm terrified for my grandmother with lung problems, who doesn't understand science and is in the early stages of Alzheimers, and keeps putting herself in high risk situations enabled by her own adult kids who are also in a high risk category. Some of them met up on the holidays for an indoor, non-distanced gathering without masks. We are not on speaking terms.  If you had given a sincere apology, I would still have been really disappointed, but your "mistake" probably wouldn't have fundamentally changed my opinion of you as a human being. Your excuses and justifications, in the midst of letting us know just how privileged you are (a *boat* as a birthday present and for someone who is already really rich?! I wonder how many people you could have helped if your friend had donated even half of that money to people suffering from the pandemic) and that you willingly associate with friends who aren't following the rules, and then putting this non-apology apology on your second channel where you knew most people would never see it, has sadly accomplished that. Perhaps it was actually better that you tried to hide it since the message you gave is, "People can't trust doctors, not even the ones who repeatedly lecture about the dangers of COVID, and it''s okay to intentionally put people in danger for fun even if you're a healthcare provider as long as you pretend to apologize when you get caught and just tell people you thought about it beforehand and you had reasons."  The worst part is if you _really_ couldn't contain yourself, you could have taken many steps to make your party safer and you intentionally didn't do it. The fact you're a *doctor* makes it much worse, of course. Prior to Christmas I asked my own doctor about her holiday plans. I told her I was definitely not planning on going anywhere so she could be honest without worrying it would encourage me to make a bad decision. She said she was having a few people over with strict rules. Everyone from different households was required to stay twelve feet apart. They accomplished this by having her immediate family remain in a room by themselves while the guests were in a large room with furniture spread apart enough for people to be adequately distanced, and they were required to stay sitting except to use the bathroom. Masks were required except when eating, food was left in the doorway where people went up individually to get a plate. This system was also used for exchanging presents. During dinner the windows were opened until everyone put their masks back on. I'm guessing they ate pretty quickly since it was cold outside. Also, COVID rates were not out of control at that point where we live, she's tested on a regular basis, and she had already switched most of her patients to telemedicine appointments. I still think it was a little hypocritical and irresponsible since she's a doctor, but she arranged her gathering so that it wasn't much riskier than a Zoom party and she didn't lose my respect and trust. She could have been lying, but if she was going to do that then it would have been easier to just say she wasn't having people over and regardless my point is that there were plenty of ways you could have seen your friends without taking huge risks.
Thank You Doctor Mike for showing us what a hypocrite you are. Always knew you were a puppet ✌🏼  Ugh it just frustrates me so so much how lately so many influencers and celebrities are just doing their own thing! They're vacationing abroad, dining without social distancing all the while singing their puppet songs: BuT gUyS, tHe SaFeSt PlAcE fOr Us AlL rIgHt NoW iS aT hOmE! And don't get me wrong: my issue is NOT with people travelling and eating out - cos for real that's the only way the industry's gonna survive! My issue is with influencers over and over again advocating for people to follow these 'rules', making people feel terrible and guilty for wanting and going out to see their family or friends etc, and then still going out and breaking the rules TO AN EXTREME! Like you coulda travelled abroad with your family, why did it have to be with a whoole group. You coulda went to the restaurant, heck you could've went to the restaurant with friends but the least you coulda done was spread out just a teensy bit on the table... Yet no, and then we get judgemental comments from influencers like: oh you guys don't sanitizer all the groceries as soon as they enter your home, come on guys, Do YoUr PaRt!   Basicallynin short, if you haven't got the drift by now, my issue ain't with the rules or the breaking of the rules, my issue is with the double standards!  The people have been asking doctors and professionals advice from the beginning. There have been many occasions where the question was Brought up: can we have a (function, get together, vacation, party) IF we follow this and this and this strict guidelines. And they've always given the answer/impression that under no circumstance should you do that and the best best thing is to stay at home   Whereas they could've said like: I get its been a rough year for you (like it has been for me) so if that's what you need, here are the guidelines to follow...   Anywho, I can't even remember where I was going with this rant, and I seem to have finally calmed down lol so just gonna post the comment now
How selfish and hypocritical. I expect more from a doctor who preaches about Covid-19 and then travels and parties on a boat with over 10 people without a mask. As a frontline CNA I haven’t been able to see any family especially during the holidays or even go out! This video is full of excuses and trying to make yourself feel better. I hope you understand the severity of this situation and how it impacts others who watch your videos. What type of example is this for younger people? You should not even be a doctor you are also putting your patients at risk to get trashed and be with a bunch of hookers! How old are you?
don't let this get swept under the rug, people
"I really sorry, and I'm wrong... Sorry for my stupid action in the middle of pandemic and do not act like I'm supposed to do as Doctor"  That's it! No need explanation to get another mistake cause words that come out of the mouth to defend oneself
Blah blah blah... What a narcissist.. There is no genuine apology. He didn't check boating guidelines and all that other bullshit.
Very disappointed. Your a doctor. You should know better. Apologies always after a decision that was purposefully made. Disappointed.
so much incongruent body language in this apology, Im starting to think he thinks no matter what he says, he doesn't think covid-19 is that serious.
Maybe if you put this on your main channel, for the majority of your audience to see, I would believe you were totally sincere.
he admitted he's wrong, what do people want? what's done is done and we all make mistakes.
Would be nice if he actually got covid after that
the reasoning makes sense but partying and going on a trip is a choice...and you should have declined it because you are a DOCTOR
Why is this on his second channel? Says a lot.
Bold of u to leave the comments on 😬
Lead by example, you’re a doctor, no excuses.
I just subscribed about 15 minutes ago. This guy isn't a real Dr, there is no calling here, this is all about getting views with a medical degree. What he did is irresponsible and selfish. Unsubscribed
The worst thing is not me an aspiring student looking upto this so called qualified person preaching covid risks but him saying 'I live alone so I don't put anyone else at risk'
Be transparent on your main channel Doctor Mike pls what you did really breaks my heart. I really am your fan.
You really break my heart Doctor Mike
Doctor Mike, you break my heart
Well. This is disappointing. He's a doctor whose spent most of the year preaching about staying safe and then travels to party on a boat?? What about his patients? What about the countless medical staff across the globe who haven't seen loved ones since this began to protect them? And then to post this on a secondary channel? For shame Dr Mike. Actions speak louder than words.
This is disgusting.
This was a planned trip. You looked at all the risks, did research about it, and decided to go anyway. This was not a mistake, this was a CHOICE. And as far as the risks being small for you because you live alone... you are a doctor sir. You see more people than almost all of us. Hypocritical behaviour. Also, you are not apologizing, you are defending yourself and listing why you think you did nothing wrong. You lost all credibility, and therefore, you are losing subscribers. Do better.
Bruh you're only admitting you messed up because you got caught
It's ok, we're all tired of the lock down and if you're not risking anyone else it's understandable to make a "risk" activity.
Technically  he didn’t do anything wrong, but your a doctor  and people  are relying on people in medical field this picture makes people mad because  it’s shows ( like it or not) a double stander and  that people of money having different rules like it or not . You didn’t do anything wrong but that’s not how other people see it. Hope my poor  English is under stood.
I think a big part of this was also the impact of isolation; we're all dying for some fun. regardless, as a doctor I don't believe its an excuse, just something to consider
I can't explain how much I am disappointed I am a little late to the whole situation but sorry this is just ridiculous
Followed the Boat Capacity rule? Strange. There it says a maximum of both 8 and 10. I count 15 in that picture. It seems you’re stepping up to some responsibility in order to make it more palatable to the audience, but this isn’t fully taking responsibility for your actions. Also, if you don’t want people using you as a form of scapegoat/example to push an anti-Covid/anti-mask agenda, maybe don’t give them something to use. You essentially handed someone a bullet to shoot you in the foot. I hope to god you quarantined before you saw any of your patients. Further, all of your friends were tested in this “surprise belated birthday boat trip?”. You’re presumably good at maths, you can see this doesn’t add up.
This really feels like he’s just apologizing for getting caught and the “impact” rather than the action. The beginning feels like an excuse that we’ve heard from all those young healthy privileged individuals who are still gathering. He may have followed all the guidelines but he should know better than anyone that a negative test doesn’t necessarily guarantee negative status unless everyone on that boat was truly quarantined a week before and immediately after their test. It may have been forgivable if they were all wearing masks at least but they couldn’t even be bothered to do that. Luckily I don’t rely on him for major medical information but he does add fuel to the fire. You truly done messed up.
You really said stay at home Hypocrites 🙄
_"I checked the CDC website and I checked the..."_ This video is an insult to your viewers' intelligence and health professionals everywhere. As a medical doctor, I know that *MISTAKES* are only made when one has incorrect information or not enough information. Clearly, you are informed, so man up and at least have the balls to say that you're only _sorry_ because you got caught. Otherwise, you'd be back out on the boat doing what you millionaire douchebags do.
No excuses Doctor Mike. You could have waited...we are in this together. I'm very disappointed.
him getting away with it is literally pretty privilege
Look at him, he’s still a Caucasian male, thinks the rules don’t apply to him lmaoo. Delete ur account.
Put it on your main channel. It's already a bad apology video, but at least be courageous and adress the issue with your whole audience.
What's killing you most is people leaving comments?  What's killing more Americans is COVID.
When your sub channel makes more money than most youtubers 😂😂
People really need to spread the words and call out his hypocrisy. So calculating for not uploading this on his main channel.
Im not Mad covid is taken to long i would do the same
*sigh* i guess he has 1 less subscriber :(
The hypocrisy of it all! You’re an effin doctor!!!
VIDEO SUGGESTION- Try to get a second interview with Fauci and show him pictures and video of your trip to Miami and thot island and see if he would have done the same thing 😂👎🏼
he cant be justified what he did but I will give him a pass just because he did not do craig tomson did at least not a pedo
You’re absolutely right, mike, your behavior does leave ripples in the community. I’ve been watching you since March, and you were always the beacon of light where I could say “here’s someone I can come to for trustworthy information, here’s someone who practiced what they preach, I can trust him.” And then you go to MIAMI?! Not some little town a driving distance away, Miami. A party city with uncontrolled spread due to their governor’s abject lack of action. The medical community needs you, and you put yourself in that situation. SO selfish, dude. You wanna see your dad, have him fly out of the eye of the storm, quarantine, and come see you. Crazy to think my family took more preventative measures this holiday season than you did. Insane.
HE SOUNDS LIKE SHANE DAWSON😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
Oh so that‘s why he hasn‘t posted this "apology" in his main channel. Cause people are still oblivious to what he actually did and he doesn‘t want to lose subscribers. Makes sense.
It's sad I turned to you for facts and sent people to your page also but nah definitely can't anymore
Apology not accepted.
Hmmm the fact your friends thought you would accept a ‘boat party’ during a pandemic says a lot ...don’t they watch your videos?
This “apology” is worse that remaining silent. At least if you’d said nothing we wouldn’t have had to hear you lie and make excuses. If you didn’t want bad actors to use your actions against you, you shouldn’t have gotten on that boat. Not for a second do I think that after your friend allegedly surprised you with a boat that you ran to the CDC website to check what they had to say. It happened in NOVEMBER. You didn’t need the CDC to tell you not to be a stupid hypocrite.
Why is this trying to be hidden away on your side channel? SMH
Hypocrite 😵
This is EXTREMELY disappointing to say the least. So many of you “Influencers” are so focused on making money and making it seem like you’re living the life, that you completely forget that your following is mainly composed of a younger generation, which is easily driven by social media. For the most part, your actions determine theirs. I would hope that during your psychiatry rotating in medical school you learned (at the very least), that children mimic behavior, they don’t learn from your onscreen rants. They saw YOU, a handsome and well liked physician, who claims to be pro-science, defy the basic CDC guidelines: wear a mask, and stay home. Now you offer a half assed apology to the health workers you shat on while on your party boat. To the legitimate essential workers who haven’t seen their families in months! To those who sleep in hotel rooms to spare their families. Those who spent the holidays alone. You are a product of social media and you owe your fame to it, so it’s time to start behaving like it and actually do your job, which is to “influence” people towards the better and lay off the hypocrisy.
DOCTOR !!!!!  A Doctor....., A fucking Doctor.
the fact that this isn't on your main channel negates your apology
People are talking about how this is hypocritical and he is a bad person. He's not a bad person because of this. Yes, you might think that he is hypocritical, but one instance of hypocricy shouldn't be putting a person in the hot water that Logan Paul was put into by his controversies. He is a good person. Every person that is a good person slips up once in a while and says/does something hypocritical. The only difference here is that he is being judged by hundreds of thousands of people. Yes, your opinion of him could be damaged, but don't think of Doctor Mike as a bad person now.
Dr Mike I hate to say it but you disappoint me. Always thought you were a champion of science , and a model for behavior during the pandemic. You have lost my respect.
This honestly undermines all credibility you've ever had. Excuses.
Honestly, he’s trying to justify it at the beginning, and it completely invalidates his entire apology. Like, we didn’t ask for you to try to justify your actions. You messed up. That’s what you’re apologizing for.
White privileged displayed at its finest...
To anyone in the comments and other medical students idolizing social media doctors, maybe it’s time to reconsider your role models
Literally just found out about this because it wasn't posted on his main channel. He said he wants to me more transparent, obviously not because then he would have posted it on his main. If he screwed up and was genuinely sorry for it fair enough but he's only sorry he got caught out and doesnt want to lose his fame and extra YT money.
So it’s okay to say one thing but do another.? Also, if it was okay to party why did u have to go to Florida to do it? Oh , right because the state your in says it’s not okay gotcha
And for him to say people leave negative comments. Those are facts doctor mike those are not negative comments. SHAME ON U DOCTOR.
I was really looking up 2 u. And taking your advice. Shame on u.
He’s a “doctor”... And he went to a party..  during a pandemic..   wow. Lol 😂  Hopefully he loses more supporters than he’s ever had in his life.
Ohhhh no I got caught Iiiiiiiii’m sooooooooooooory (in John mulaneys voice)
No you’re not sorry for attending the party. You’re sorry because you got caught.
WHO IS CORRUPTED 11 OUT OF 15 ARE CORRUPTED AND THEY HAVE BEEN CONTROLLED BY CHINA
What a ridiculous copout. He didn't even put this on his main channel and going through his social media feed I don't see anything about this apology. Unsubscribing from all his social media. Cute but dumb and disingenuous.
excuses 😁
Bruh you made a mistake. Major. You're just eating your words
It’s so sad ... I don’t think we even realize how much stresssss doctors go through . Like Mentally draining ... do whatever makes u happy and take care of ur mental health mike . God bless
I used to respect your opinion..not anymore...
Really disappointed that you posted this on your clips channel and not your main channel. Goes to show how inauthentic & insincere your "apology" is. Yes, you're human but you've purposely put yourself in the public spotlight as a highly influential  educator. When you choose this path, it automatically holds you to a higher standard of behaviour. Your behaviour was irresponsible and I've unsubscribed from your channels. Your excuse & justification laden apology is not good enough given your responsibility to the medical community, your patients & your viewers. 😔 Shattered, really.
You have lost ALL credibility.
Bruh this is the longest 4 minutes I’ve ever experienced
Wow im very disappointed dude 😔
Using Florida guidelines as a yardstick for COVID restrictions should have been your first red flag
Don't worry Dr. Mike people mess up things. I always watch your videos and learn a lot.
This is the end of the road doctor
Wow, based in these comments I would think Dr Mike had just committed rape or murder.  I didn’t know people had to remain 1000% perfect for their entire life or they become frauds.  Good to know people... good to know.  👍
Upload this to the main channel! Not doing so is cowardly because most of your subscribers don't even watch your second channel.
guys, everyone makes mistakes and doctor mike is no different. lets just keep up the positivity up and leave the negative emotions in the past. we all must adapt to the changes in this new year so just make sure to keep following the guidelines that we were given and feel proud for those who put themselves in the frontlines against this virus, because we can all get through this together
I support him. Any person who would unsubscribe to you because of a private birthday party on a boat, you don’t want them following you. You know what your doing, also love your content, peace! ✌🏻
I understand his apology and accept it. He made a mistake. He apologized. It even looked and sounded like he was about to cry. It was a sincere apology. It's tough for doctors to work in this time.
God is perfect
My whole family is working on a ICU doing 40 hour shifts from day to day, and we had to cancel all of hour trips thanks to this pandemic , they have scars on their faces because of KN-95 masks  they arrive home at 8 or. 9 pm  they are tired, I ,  we all commit mistakes and that’s ok we are not perfect. But you are the representative of many doctors and seeing this makes them feel bad and sad and mad knowing that a doctor is not respecting their own job
Plandemic.
This is horrendous. Incredibly disappointed. Your personal risk assessment is irrelevant.
Oh, the birthday surprise sounds like what happened here in the Philippines to PNP chief Sinas...LMAO
this is one of the reason why i have never took my kids to freshly graduated or young doctors. You need experience, maturity and that needs time.
So very disappointed in you. As a healthcare provider I've been so careful for months but you go out and have a grand old time. My hospital now questions our moves outside work;did we vacation, did we spend time with people outside our bubble. If the answers are yes, we're out of work for 14 days, no pay. I'm done watching you. Used to love you and your perspective.  No more. Such a disappointment.  I hope you're ashamed.
Please cut the bs. You're human, you work under a  S ton of stress daily in shifts , on the front line of this hell , you took precautions and you still got it. Don't beat yourself up about it, you educated hundreds of thousands of people and you saved the lives of even more. You are still human, you're trying your best, don't blame yourself for a little accident like this, you didn't let us down, you deserved a vacation and there was a slip up like you always say " it can happen, it's a posibility" so keep up the good work and tell us more like you usually do. Thank you for everything up until this point
The description includes "lapse in judgement" making this apology invalid
Yup!! You messed up!! I’m no doctor but I do preach to my kids ( my young adults who look up to me) most times I fail as a parent when it comes to my preaching. All I have to say is make new friends. Your friends betrayed you and leaked your pictures knowing what it would do to you. Learn from this and practice what you preach
Yo b safe my man
You’re good mike! You took a little trip and followed the guidelines. BIG DEAL. People live to complain, you don’t have to apologize to anyone
so... if you looked up the guidelines for gatherings on boats that size... that states clearly there cannot be more than 10 people on it... how is it there is picture's of you taking a group foto on said boat with 15 people... none of them wearing masks...
Using Covid tests as preventive measure before a social gathering is literally like using a pregnancy test as contraceptive before having sex.  You and every single one of the people attending that party could have gotten infected on the very way home or to the airport right after the test and spread it on. That's why mask-less social gatherings and social gathering in general tbh are a no-no until at least risk groups and health personal could get vaccinated on a large scale.
It’s okay Mike, I never seen you as a credible doctor in the first place
I was hoping that this was apologizing for his video on reopening schools (that made me unsubscribe in the first place) but this just makes me wanna never subscribe again. The fact is, and he even admitted this, he is so scared on losing his following and subscribers. I think this fear will be his downfall
Tough year for people who follow the rules ....
Jesus Christ; people are so quick to cancel someone. The most dangerous place for him to be right now is at work. Calm the hell down. There are people all over the country doing way worse, yet he gets attacked because he's a public figure. "Do as I say, not as I do" fits really well here. Listen to him; don't copy his actions.
I suggest everyone delete their comments when they see people swearing at each other at the reply section :)
Yah but you lied weren’t safe and risked lives im a child and my baby brother and mother got covid yet we listened to the rules and stayed home just cause your one person doesn’t mean you can do anything just cause You risk just leaving your home cause of covid  Disclaimer: my family beat covid Incase you were wondering
he’s acting like a frat boy when he gets caught cheating... “babe it happened in the moment, don’t worry tho i made her get tested for stds, but it was an accident!!”
You’re a giant disappointment. Common sense would be useful.
I'm getting tired of the people in power saying, "stay at home," and not doing it themselves.
Out of all people that could break the protocol. And you are a family doctor too?
Y’all we need to keep commenting on his main channel. Call this hypocritical cockalorum out.
For someone who is telling millions of people to stay home, wear masks, and socially distance, and for someone who has a huge following, he really should practice what he preaches. I'm rly disapointed. What was the point of this apology? It was obviously only bc he was caught.
This is a confusing reality. The fact that you are not linking it in your main channel and that I had to find it from another youtuber who was tearing you to shreds on this matter is in itself a testament that you want to preserve your followers more than you want to deliver an apology. We don't need the apology. Just tell us openly that you messed up. It is human to mess up but don't cover yourself in the shadow of a second channel.   Don't try to justify this even remotely with the risk and benefit analysis you allegedly did on that day. You had an impromptu party and yet were able to test everyone negative? Things don't seem to add up.   Finally, The scientific community is bigger than any individual, and I being a part of it, I know it's methods and I will not steer away just because someone decided to do something insane. Many pointed out that you are a hypocrite etc. I  would like to correct those people. You were not a hypocrite but, you were totally reckless and irresponsible. I am glad that you did not contract this and pass it onto your father (!) or others as you visited him and stayed with him.
Isnt it hypocritical that he told us to wear a mask on land and water yet he isnt wearing mask while at sea or in the water?
Just to let you know...you posting this apology video on a side channel makes some ppl "feel used" as well.
OMG he totally screwed up!!!!! OMG the world is blowing up after this guy did this!!!! Meanwhile, we have nurses and doctors smoking cigarettes and hygienist teaching to floss but don’t do so themselves! Get off his back. We all made terrible choices before. We’ve all went against our own word within  the context of simple shit like relationships and life lessons. Like the rest of us, HE’S HUMAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!! For crying out loud, what makes him so different?!!!!
Contributers here are minimising the apology. He did not contravene any guidelines or regulations - therefore there's no apology required here. He apologises for failing to meet his own standards and thereby sending out a contrary message. For me, apology accepted, let's move on.
Everyone makes mistake we need to forgive
When will this be addressed on your main channel?  Mistakes happen and when you apologize it shouldn’t be hidden, that invalidates it
Hypocrite
You don’t get a pass.
I didn't even know about this until recently 👀
I feel as though if everyone is tested and are negative....it shouldn’t matter. When I go to family gatherings we always get tested before hanging out. You shouldn’t have to apologize for not wearing your mask when you were in a safe situation.
I am watching over you 🔼
I hate the fake sorry tone. Just be real, my dude. "I fucked up. I got caught up in the excitement of it all. I am young and took a chance."
If you have any relatives or friends in Miami and you go there, you have to be okay with being fucking reckless. Florida people love to party, lol
LISTEN EVERYONE SAYING HE WASNT GETTING A MASK WET HE SHOULD HAVE WORN ONE IF U ACCTULLY DIG THE WERE PADDLE BOARDING AND SURFING SO THEY WERE DOING WATER ACTIVITIES
Ps Ik not mad I’m just disappointed don’t stop watching him bc he may save your life if u one day have something happen to u that he has told u what to do
Y all the comments so negative let’s get some positivity going he so hot when he’s serious 😋
People make mistakes, move on.
It takes a certain amount of narcissism to be on this platform in the first place.  Narcissists do not believe rules apply to them. They are “special” and require you to understand that.  Frankly, he’s given some of the worst advice on his channel about topics he knows virtually nothing about and thinks he’s in the right because anecdotally it “works for him.”  I lost respect for him when his nephew expressed a concern about being bullied and he DARVO’d the poor kid telling him that if he just doesn’t care about it he won’t be affected by bullies.  Classic narcissistic response... I was done.  This is a classic non-apology, which narcissistic personalities use because to admit they were truly wrong would take self-awareness they don’t possess.
Don't really like the apology but happy that you did not got the covid
Bruh, a family friend hasn't been able to be hug their kids in months and you are out here on a yacht. You as an adult, have the ability to say no. The reason you posted this wasn't to clear up anything, it was to cover your trail... if you are gonna be a doctor on social media, you have to be the one following your own rules best. This is like someone came to your house and you said "no shoes of the carpet please" and then you proceeded to walk on the carpet with shoes on.
admitting when iʼm wrong lol but here you are justifying and defending yourself. you already knew it was wrong to begin with. iʼm truly disappointed in you, doctor mike :(
oh who caresssssss hes worked hard enough throughout this pandemic, he followed precautions. if he hasn't contracted covid he hasn't passed it on like hes allowed to relax
I know he messed up but I forgive him and believe that he learned from this. I truly believe that this doesn't take away from This honesty of his medical advice 💜love you and the storm will pass 💕
Only just found out about this whole thing today. Wow, am I disappointed. The entitlement here is unbelievable. I never thought I'd have to sit through an apology video from you. All over the world people have made sacrifices and continue to do so. You knew better, do not make the same mistakes again.
For a doctor gaining patients trust is one of the most important thing 1st. You are really destroying it, i dont think i can take your words seriously anymore after this. Yeah ppl are only care about consequence and not asking why he is doing it but no matter what it's , it's irresponsible. Tbh i think this is why most western contries fail.
I genuinely don’t think people would be as pissed if you sacked up and put this on the main channel dude.   NOONE knows this channel exists in your audience. I only found it through comments. Which means I’m finding out you tried to slide this apology video under the radar instead of owning up to it.  It’s a bad look man.
For a person who got covid THIS IS DISGUSTING PPL HAD TO GO THRU SO MUCH THANKS TO PEOPLE LIKE YOU I HAD TO SPEND MT BIRTHDAY ALONE I COULDN'T SEE MY BEST FRIEND and then you just go partying in yacht while others are following rules you suggested u know what F*** u mike
Dr. Mike, I know you won't see this, but I'm gonna try anyway. I'm noticing a little lump in your neck near your thyroid. I know that those can be nothing, but it can also be bad. Maybe you should get that checked?
Shameeeeeeeeee
Oh please give him a break. Anyone here who’s condemning him for apologizing and throwing stones should really look in the mirror. Take your self righteousness elsewhere. Dr. Mike has been one of the most genuine individuals out there who has really tried to put out a positive message and works hard to give well informed, useful and relevant information. He owes no one an apology. Period. What he chooses to do is his business. Just because you follow him on social media doesn’t give you or anyone the right to judge.
I accept your apology dr.mike. I am still dissapointed but we want to see you do better and show us how you have learned from your mistake
He was there for you with his advices from day one when he opened his channel. Why can’t you be more kind? It’s easer to bring people down I guess
Hey, please stop it. Every human makes mistakes ok? Stop judging him. You all talk like you never skipped doing something that you should do. There are things that we have no control over. His friends made a surprise party for him. He couldn’t just say yo you all go away.
Oh wow. I just unsubscribed. If this apology was better, or a little less confusing, I would’ve forgotten about this and continued watching his videos. But, this apology wasn’t the best😬
Lol whatever we are all breaking the rules just cause it was Dr. Mike now it's a big deal. Stop pointing fingers unless you have respected the rules 100% cause its less likely that the majority of y'all have respected it.
I have lost respect for you, I have learned so much from your videos, reactions, etc. I still watch your videos. But I have lost respect for you.
This video comes off not as apologetic, but defending, and almost irritated at us. And then he's bothered by people using him for the wrong content? I mean - what did he expect? That's not fair. It's gross.
Yall saying he shouldnt go partying but yall probs did for new years or christmas
It’s just so disappointing bc many of us had so much respect for you and what you were preaching. Not only does this event affect your credibility as a doctor, but as a person as well. I had lost my grandmother who is living in a different country, yet we knew we couldn’t travel to see her funeral. My friend’s parents lost a friend of their’s who only lived an hour away, yet the funeral couldn’t happened to invite everyone and anyone due to this pandemic. I’m not sorry to say this, but I won’t continue supporting someone who is not taking this pandemic seriously, especially when  they know first hand how dangerous this virus is.
I just found out about the "scandal" that happened.  I personally think that he does not owe an apology to anyone because he is responsible for himself.  You, on the other hand, have no right to sue him for taking the appropriate risk in the fact that he then took action to prevent the Covid spread. The insults you inflict and the lies you tell about him really shows who you are. Remember that if something is uploaded to the Internet, it stays there forever.
Keep him accountable in his main channel. He's going to discuss about COVID vaccination and tbh, it's tacky of him to discuss that there without ever addressing this issue clearly in that channel
I forgive you everyone makes mistakes my family and friends were together we were not social disctenceing I forgive you
A virus that kills less than 1% of the people who get it! Shut up people😂🤣this Plandemic is so FAKE
A society that kills a million babies a year out of convenience Has shut itself down  To prevent adults from dying.  And to make matters worse, the people who celebrate the mass slaughter of children are now preaching about the scared value of human life. The whole thing is sick. ~Matt Walsh
The Principle of Respect for autonomy  Autonomy is Latin for "self-rule" We have an obligation to respect the autonomy of other persons, which is to respect the decisions made by other people concerning their own lives. This is also called the principle of human dignity. I'm not liberal/nazi so I don't care if you have a gathering.
Mike  I guess like many people who have watched this or otherwise have seen this photo, I’m disappointed. However I also know how incredibly hard and stressful this year has been. Words can’t even describe it.  I know many people have given up there birthdays, weddings, Christmas and other special events.  Mike did know better, it’s true but haven’t we all done something we shouldn’t have during this pandemic, no matter how big or small. The reality is that nobody is perfect.  Now I’m not saying that what he did wasn’t completely unacceptable but I’m saying we shouldn’t criticise him too heavily. I’m sure he feels guilty as it.   I’m sure I share with many people, the surprise that Mike would do something like this, but haven’t we all surprised ourselves this past year. We all know how hard it is being away from family, It’s unnatural. And I know how frustrating and upsetting it is when you cannot see those you love. And it’s made worse when you see someone you respect going against everything you have been doing. I understand that. I hope Mike sees that now and sees mistake he made.  But I also think we all know there are many people that would never have made such an apologetic message like this or admit to being wrong. There are many people who we respected and trusted who just dismissed their wrong choices. Mike is here, not just asking for forgiveness but telling us that he is going to learn from this.  And also like many of you I think this message should be posted on his main channel to also show how he will learn from this and that it’s not just dismissed.
Is he even a doctor anymore or just influencer?
I’ve been watching your videos for the past year. I’m disappointed in this apology, in your actions and in your judgment. This wasn’t a hard decision. It was so easy to avoid.   I wonder how many more mistakes you’ll make if you couldn’t tell that a boat party was a horrible idea during a pandemic. This was beyond careless.
I am attacking you because you told me to  If you were really sorry you would have put this in your real channel and didn’t only pretend that  you are sorry, you are only sorry because you got caught and you just lost a few subscribers
Meh don’t apologize. It really isn’t that big of a deal.
UNSUB FROM ALL HIS CHANNELS.
Can we have a mini party if we're all 6ft , the answer to this is a hard no,  Social distancing means physical distancing... turns off the camera and goes to party ( the ones that preach about these type of things usually are the bigest efenders of these things)  you aren't a authority about covid and people should be critical and thinks twice when they listen to people that act like they have a authority or are authority on these types of things, as they are probably doing it them selves
You can yourself see the like to dislikes ratio And the fact that he uploaded this on his second channel
Wait if he followed all the rules why is everyone making a fuss?
No one is perfect, if he made a mistake, you and me have also done a lot ... So, instead of attacking, you can just share your thoughts politely 🦾! Much respect to you Dr.Mike for being brave and apologizing ..
Imagine my surprise when I see that 1. This is not his main channel 2. He still pretty much active, attracts millions of viewers on his main 3. Life is usual and no repercussions whatsoever  Having a hot bod and pretty face really could get you far
This is a joke, if he was sorry he wouldn't have done it and it would have been on his main channel Edit:turns out he didn't visit his father, he used his house meaning it was all planned ahead of time this guys faked the whole video, I'm not saying apology because there wad none
Women have had to give birth on their own, children can’t attend their parents’ funerals. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Look man, we're all human we all mess up, I know being stuck inside and not seeing anyone for months sucks. But I think it's really cowardly to upload this on your second channel
If your friends perceived you as a person who cares bout the pandemic, and takes the guidelines seriously, I don't think they would of rented the boat mate
Pathetic.
To be honest, we all are humans. Doctors are not saints. One of my family members is a doctor, and he always overeating eve though he's overweight. Doctors do make mistakes. The most important thing is whether they notice they make mistakes or not. I think the world should mercy on everyone.
If you really want to apologize and own up to your mistake, don't cushion it.  You knew you weren't following guidelines.  Boat capacity is like fire marshal capacity - you're smart enough to know that.  It's better to say that you believe in what you've been saying & try to live up to it.. and on that day; you simply didn't.  You said, to hell with it and blew off steam instead.  That's human.  I know you're embarrassed - and you should be.. but if you want people to respect and trust you..  this looks more like an, "I'm sorry I got caught and now people may not take the precautions seriously," than simply being sorry.  If you're truely worried about the possible repressions of people actually getting sick and dying because of what they saw you do - you need to own up to it on your main channel.  Stop trying to be perfect.  Be human.  Someone who doesn't always think things through and do the right thing.  No "buts".  Any apology with a but in it isn't an apology.  And the absolute LAST thing you should do is misrepresent guidelines to serve your purpose.  If you get water sprayed on you and your mask on a boat, you change your mask & let it dry.  If you jump in the water, take it off, keep your distance, then put it back on.  You know these things.  You found loopholes - not guidelines.  Don't pull out the letter of a guideline & knowingly ignore its intent.  Honestly, that's what bothers me the most.  I believe you did take all the precautions to visit your Dad.  But, even if he isn't taking proper precautions.. the risk wasn't from you to people on the boat.  It was, what if one of them was asymptomatic and now your Dad was dead from your actions?  Would you truely be able to live with yourself?  I had a chance to leave an outbreak area and visit my Grandmother in a nursing home before she died (surprise cancer).  I knew they'd be told to shut down visitation in the next couple days.. but they didn't have that information yet.  I could have hopped on a direct flight and walked right in.  I CHOSE not to.  I knew that just because my Grandma was dying, didn't mean everyone else there was.  If they'd gotten a Covid outbreak - I would have known it came from me, because the area hadn't had even one case yet.  I would have been just as responcible for killing those people as the virus.  And I wouldn't be able to live with knowingly being that selfish.  That's what it means to make sacrifices for others when that's what you believe in.  So, while I have empathy for you - I don't have sympathy.
Hypocrite
Hypocrisy as its finest *coughs*
You lost my trust.
Did he mess up? Yes.  Is he a doctor? Yes. Could he have done better? Yes. But is he God without flaws? No.  He is young, only 31 at the time of recording this video. Like many young people deep inside they want to have fun, and sometimes the temptations of wanting to have fun can make even a doctor do things that are inappropriate for its time.   Unlike many of those that are commenting on this video, I do not think that this apology video was as bad as you all tend to say it is. He got to the point. He messed up. And he was willing to try his best to not fall for the same mistakes.  Perhaps most of you are going to see this and say things such as: oh but he lied and he made excuses of his behavior. And you are right. But that is something any normal human being would want to do. Plus, though he did make excuses it didn’t feel to me as if he was trying to push his mistakes on anybody else. He was just acting as a normal human being who is sad, angry and scared because he knows he did something wrong.   What has been done cannot be undone. Unlike most of the apology videos out there he at least talked about what he did wrong and is willing to fix that issue.   To talk about something you did wrong is hard. It is harder when you are an professional doctor and influencer like Dr. Mike.   He is clearly trying his hardest to make the best out of the situation, so I don’t see how attacking this apology video is going to help him and the people who are attacking the video go anywhere.  He still have a long way to go, both as a doctor and a influencer. Though this was a extremely ignorant mistake, this shouldn’t be the event that will tear his career.   Instead of acting like the sky is falling down, the best we can do is to believe and hope that Dr. Mike knows his mistakes and is now going to fix them for good.   I have been a fan of Dr. Mike for years, and can’t say I wasn’t disappointed with his decision. But I believe in Dr. Mike.  He is going to do better.   At the end, I hope Mike and everyone out there reading this is going to stay safe during this pandemic. 🙏🙏🤞🤞
Dr. Mile, you need a TRUE apology video on your main channel. One where you don't give countless excuses, one where people can actually see it, and one where you admit to how you were weak in the moment and disobeyed and ignored all of your own advice. I REALLY want to believe that this was all just an honest mistake, but right now I can't.
Disappointed here. Sorry but I have to unfollow him. 😒Damage has been done and cannot be undone.
Ok this man did what we all wanted to do if y’all wanna try and cancel him for something stupid like this grow up love you mike
You’re a doctor who people look up to and who informs people online what to do and not to do. Actions speak louder than words. How shameful.
the problem is people never think THEY are the problem. They hold others to high standards while ignoring those standards for themselves. It's easy to tell everyone else to stay home, wear masks, etc while telling yourself you are low risk and aren't likely the problem. Unfortunately, we all think we are the exception to the rule. Dr. Mike got caught being a hypocrite and I hope he learns from it. This video is just a bunch of excuses that I don't buy.
Didn’t the WHO issue a statement, months ago, that said lockdowns are ineffective and should not be used as a primary means to prevent the spread of Covid-19? What research is Dr. Mike referring to? Whatever, the guy’s a hack. I stopped watching his channel after I found out he copied the content for his channel from a doctor who resides in the UK.
I am not going to say anything  bad,but I also went to a swimming school party and did not wear a mask.
Who cares? It's the new normal. We should be able to cope with this hell of a  world that we're in. Find or do whatever that matters but by following the guidelines. End of story.
Very foolish of you and you should have done a better apology.And you should have thought about bear.I hope you truly changed because I like your content
Now i believe that covid is not seeious. Ur explaining now because people bashing you...
You're a doctor. You put everyone you treat at risk
Dr Mike : 🥴
Wow... seems like the rest of us gave up Christmas and holiday celebrations with our loved ones (which we have not seen in forever) for no reason at all then!! Turns out ALL we had to do was ''1 human mistake slip-up'' and we all could have enjoyed celebrating with our families for at least one night! We weren't told ''make sure everyone attending your celebrations got tested first!'' we were told ''STAY HOME! PLEASE WE BEG YOU JUST STAY HOME!''. Sucks to be the suckers who lose out by respecting the rules Doctors plead us to respect!
This is disgraceful. You massive hypocrite!!! And you haven’t even got the balls to post this on your main channel!! Utterly shameful....
I just want to say that I respect you. You know how to apologize and I speak for all the fans when I say we accept your apology. Don't worry, we aren't aliens. We all make mistakes.
I must have missed something BIG, because i have no idea what is going on with the comments or with the video itself. Could someone please explain.
I just found out about this from comments here and there. I'm sorry and disappointed that you did this. I still appreciate the message you have put out until now, but sadly it would be nullified for a lot of people.  I would have still subscribed to you if this was in the main channel.
Dude you’re human like the rest of us, you’re not superman
Hypocrite. You betrayed every single one of us fighting this and you're still full of yourself. If you're truly trying to own up to this this wouldn't be on your secondary channel, but of course you conveniently have an excuse for that too
No.
Hi Doctor Mike, here in Canada the finance minster of our largest province, Ontario, did something nearly identical. He RESIGNED yesterday for not following the advice of the government. He's a FINANCE MINISTER. You're a DOCTOR. Please do the math on that for me, and for yourself. I've shared your videos to family and friends about COVID, and I just need you to lock in on that.   Sincerely,   A former Subscriber.   Ps, please man up and put this on your main channel where it belongs.
You know, I’m just Glad that more people found this video. I can’t believe Dr. Mike would actually do this, saying all these “stay at home” stuff but not even doing it.
What a clown. My mom is a nurse and she has been taking all kinds of precautions. You are the reason why certain people distrust medical professionals
The photo he has is pretty much a rich man cliche being surrounded by women in bikini, partying on a boat.
By the way, his understanding of risk spectrum is a wrong mentally. It was recommended to think like you have the virus. This boat party surely does not reflect this. And sir, you are a doctor, thank you very much. You think that the world is too harsh of you for partying, and maybe we are, but this video doesn't seem like you learn any lesson from this. Post this on your main channel, sir, this is just slap on the face for your avid viewers.
Seriously, I'm upset. After all his preachings in his videos about proper COVID behavior, which I'm sure he earn money from posting, he had the audacity to do this. Very insincere. Sadly, as with all other people in influence, he will get redemption without truly learning a lesson.
Stuuupiiiid
Wow. I had been watching his videos for the past weeks completely oblivious of this. He didn't even posted this on his main channel that's why I was late to find out. This is pretty sad. He is not even trying to apologize in this video. It's just a series of justification. And this doesn't even make any sense. His idea on risk spectrum is a wrong mentally as well, using it to justify his series of conscious decisions he liked to call his "mistake". If he is truly apologetic, he'd post this on his main account. Already unsub.
Attack me? You cant even put this on your main channel, give me a break
Well all is forgiven just dont have the nerve to talk about the virus again, though your still credible to talk about it professionally but not ETHICALLY.
The fact that it's on his second channel clearly shows that this apology is fake and he's clearly trying to save his brand...
this is so fucking embarassing LMAO
you lost credibility. period.
This “apology” is garbage. It’s not on his main channel. I’d respect him if he made a 1 minute video just straight up saying he did what he did admitting his wrong doings.
👎👎👎
As someone who has a family member that never admits when there wrong I understand all of your concerns but, I also understand where he’s coming from I just started watching him a few weeks ago but from what I can see you guys are only looking at him as a doctor not a human. The truth of the matter is he is a human and human make mistakes. Instead of trying to control his life maybe try and tell your neighbors friends that because where i live a lot of people are not following the rules and they don’t get called out on it. I’m only 11so you can what you want about you being more educated that me. Your right he should have done it on his main channel but he didn’t need thousands of comments telling him that! I know COVID is deadly and I know he shouldn’t have gone to the party but I also know that you should be able to think about better ways to say this!
People you know what? You want or not, everyone will get the virus... ABSOLUTELY EVERYONE and no one can change it because it has to be like that. Strong people will fight to this virus  and survive and weak ones will die... sorry but it's reality. I can't change that, you can't change that, we can't change that. Pandemic can't be ended suddenly, in like two weeks or less, especially when now Covid-19 is spreading 70% faster and the our hope: vaccines_ not everyone will vaccinate and you know that better than me and I will repeat again: everyone will get this virus and we can't change that. I am not going to forget my friends and family because of virus. I love them and you all love your friends and family and come on guys, let's be honest, everyone of us has broke even one rule and don't criticize Dr Mike when maybe you did even worse. Don't justify yourself by "I am not public figure" and other stuff. Just love everyone until it's too late, I promise you will regret it cause I am regretting it. May so much people won't like what I wrote and I am really sorry if I made you sad with my comment, I just said what I wanted to say. Love you all so much and happy new year!❤❤❤
He said l can’t promise l won’t make another mistake ok so when is the next pool party ? 🤔
Wow. I’m not even mad, this is just really disappointing but not shocking at all. The only reason i found this was because of the comments on his main. There goes another one of my favorite youtubers ✌🏽
You literally are such a hypocrite. You are a DOCTOR. I’ve just lost my grandparents to Covid-19 and you are partying on a boat. Wow, just wow.
say doc, il everyone was tested negative  beforehand, why are you wearing a "mask" covering your mouth in one of the videos ? it doesn't make sense 🤔  Can you stop taking us for idiots, please ?
All the comments here are negative and I understand why.  Although, I still feel you are a good person and owning up to your mistakes is what matters❤️ You are a courageous man, Mike.
Man i love your content but i can't believe a professionally acclaimed doctor can throw a "suprise party" and test everyone
This is soooo bad. It’s like when a teacher says but he/she is a consenting adulting... but also a student. 🤬🤮
I'm confused. But no matter what happens I will always be loyal to Dr. Mike.
Honestly the worst part of it all is that you haven't uploaded this video on your main channel `+ spent 2 min trying to justify yourself. This wasn't a real apology, and it's sad bc we all make mistakes, but avoiding the consequences just makes it harder to forgive you.
Listen how many of you people have went to go see your family. As a teenager my parents have forced me to go visit family during this time. I can guarantee you that no one follows the guidelines 100%. Give the man a break he’s a doctor do you know how much stress he’s been under during covid no you don’t so that doesn’t give anyone the right to judge him for doing this.
My respect for doctor mike 📉📉📉
Hey man, I personally get it. We are all human. Thank you for being a big enough person to apologize.
The fact that you don't seem to be aware of TREATMENTS THAT WORK means I wouldnt trust you with my medical care. There is data from THOUSANDS of Doctors about the patients they have treated SUCCESSFULLY. Do you talk about that data at all? Havebyou even done the research YOURSELF? You should apologize for not being fully informed.
Yeahhh i don't really care i just hope it was a fun party!
A lot of people are talking strictly about the first 2 minutes of this video. Yes, this should have been on the main channel. Yes, he messed up. Yes, I’m disappointed. Yes, he was justifying himself. But he also apologized and recognized his mistake.   Frankly, I’m almost proud of how disappointed everyone is? As in, just because he’s “dr mike” doesn’t take away from his mistakes.
we can clearly see that this is all an act in front of the camera, that's exactly why this video isn't on the main channel cuz people are smart and will know the truth. save the excuses it's embarrassing
Shame on you, upload this on your main channel
Do better? Put this on your main channel!
What about all your patients you put at risk??????
Well, you Just lost a sub on you MAIN CHANEL, WHERE THIS VIDEO SHOULD BE.
you know other than the fact that you risked your patients getting covid, you're a hypocrite. it doesn't matter if you made everyone get tested which doesn't even make sense since you said it was a surprise party, you wasted covid tests which are scarce just so you can party. and you can't even own up to it, how bout stop trying to justify it and post it on your main, or are you going to act like everything is rainbows and sunshine
we forgive u dr mike. we support u thru everything. thanks for ur honesty and integrity throughout this pandemic. we all make mistakes and we deserve a second chance. here's to the next responsible boat party.
The equation is simple: Is it a party? Yes? Then if so, don't go.
Why is this apology here?
Y'all being a smart heads and talking ab how he fucked up,but u probably out there partying, hanging out.If hes a doctor it doesnt mean that he can't have fun-plus they all probably got tested for covid before the party-and he lives by himself so no ones is at risk-doctors take covid tests at work!!!!!!!  Everyone makes a mistakes! COMAPRE THIS TO HOW MUCH GOOD HE HAS DONE!! Out of million good things yall see the bad     + At some point he shouldn't even be apologising it's his life! And we have noooo right to be maad
You know a lot of people lost everything (including me) so that the doctors and nurses wouldn't get overwhelmed. You have help accelerated loss of people's livelihood while getting paid and you promoted the restrictions. Let me guess, you all fucked some broads while partying on a boat that's bigger than most apartments.   You are the reason people no longer respect nurses and doctors.
Lmao what. I became your fan this year cause you were so outspoken about the issues plaguing the society, and yet it wasn't boring to watch even though it was educational. And you were so, so intent on giving people the right information about this disease, so intent on making sure everyone did the right thing. Heck, I would've even let this go, but you REALLY posted this on your less popular, second channel. As a medical professional. And that was really disappointing. Good going, Dr.Mike👍
you r sus
lies
😐y’all act like ppl don’t make mistakes.
This is literally why the states is doing the worst in controlling this pandemic, even the fucking doctors don’t seem to fucking care.
This is a bad apology video. Doesn't acknowledge his mistake instead makes up more excuses and reasonings to justify his wrong doings. Hypocrisy
I didn't realize how trashy you were until I saw the videos.  ew. unsub
Hypocrite
This shows that you don't even believe what you preached. What makes you any different from those politicians who keep telling people to stay at home and don't have meetups/parties and then go have dinner parties with other people?
Typical yt drama apology video....I expected so much more from you, mike...
This was probably the most ignorant thing you could do especially when you preach being a doctor. It's not just a mistake. You literally have helped fueled the fire anti maskers keep using to get their way. Making a mistake is fine, but your apology means nothing If it couldnt even be on your main channel.
I feel bad for you. Come on guys be kind
It’s not just about “messaging” and your name. It’s about your credibility. It’s not only about you. This is far bigger than you. If you are a medical doctor, you should know better. It’s an infectious disease at the end of the day. Please think about the impact of your actions on those who you have exposed the virus to and the patients you put at risk, especially those with pre-existing medical conditions including heart disease, diabetes, COPD, cancer patients.
You know who we can still trust though? Bear.
It was one mistake. We are all human beings and we all learn from the choices we make in life whether good or bad. Dr. Mike shouldn't receive this much hate for making one silly mistake. I mean, We all get caught up in the heat of the moment at some point in our lives. We should all be thankful that he was not infected with the virus and he is still healthy. So to all those who are gonna hate this comment, please take this 2 cents to the bank, deposit it and you'll get a dollar back.
I respectfully disagree. I will not "crucify" him, but I will say only this: millions of people relied on his medical advice. He made the rounds not only online but on the cable networks as well telling people the seriousness of the pandemic. To then turn around before the end of the year and break the rules he himself was a proponent of is not only hypocritical, but dangerous. To paraphrase "I'm sorry, but here's why I thought it was ok" makes it seem as though the rules don't apply to him. The fact that he got tested after coming back is beside the point, and the apology video not being on his main channel and all offending pictures were removed from Instagram speaks volumes. Myself and many others gave up opportunities to spend with friends and loved ones this year because of medical advice given by Dr. Mike. I will continue safety precautions because I don't lack logic. I am just extremely disappointed as Dr. Mike has been the one thing that has filled many bleak days with hope, and now that hope has been dashed on the rocks.
Yeah, maybe he is a doctor. But he is also a PERSON!! I’ve made bad choices even when I knew they were bad... I’m sure you all have done the same thing at least once. That’s life. I’m not saying that it’s right to make bad choices even knowing they are bad, I’m saying that that’s just human nature. I do stupid things sometimes, he does stupid things sometimes, you do stupid things sometimes, WE ALL do stupid things sometimes. The thing that really gets under my skin is that dr.mike has done so so so many good things. The most obvious good thing that he does is he takes care of people for a living. He raises money and donates money for charities on his OWN free time and out of his OWN pocket. The reason why that gets under my skin so much is that people seem to completely forget that and demonize him when he does ONE THING WRONG!!!!   idk, that’s my opinion. You can either agree with me or disagree with me. I’m saying this now, because I know it will happen, but don’t be mean if you are going to reply to this. I’m more than happy to talk with someone who shares the same opinion or a different opinion as me just as long as it’s civil.
I'm disappointed, Dr Mike. But alas, you have done well to bury this. I just found out about the whole debacle accidentally when going through comments on your main channel. If you were truly sorry, you would have posted this on your main channel.   As a medical student, I looked up to you Dr. Mike. You've inspired me to spread awareness and follow this field. This feels like betrayal. You've inspired me for years, but your image shattered in my mind. I'm sure others agree with me on this.   This apology is a blatant justification of your actions. It's embarrassing to call this an apology. In fact, if you were not caught red-handed, this would have never seen the light of day.   Dr Mike your actions were not mistakes: you made a conscious decision and followed through with it. If you were really true to the character you have built over the years, then you would have refused to join this party. This is hypocrisy.
Why is this not on the main channel? It's like.. "Yeah, I'll apologize, but not really, just enough to be forgiven"
I don’t have any respect for hypocrites. You clearly don’t care about what you preach.
Wow mike i actually used to like you , hypocrite
If you'd given a real apology then I would still be watching your videos, ffs man I thought you were cool.
Hypocrite
Is everyone just grouchy because of covid? Why is everyone attacking this poor man, he even said the words "I messed up". He had a birthday party, nothing bad happened, no one died, get over it. Could it have been bad? Yes, but it wasn't, leave the man alone. If he does something like this again then I could understand the backlash.
I know it's very disappointing to hear this news from you and I won't judge you for what you've done but I hope you learned your lesson, actually we all screw up at some point but those mistakes won't make us bad people as long as we try to fix it. Yes, you are a doctor, and a doctor should be more responsible for what they are, but we are all human and as I said, we all make mistakes. All you can do is continue to do good, and be honest, keep being who you are. i understand this pandemic has been really hard on all of us. it can be really stressfull, i can't imagine walking on your shoes as a doctor and must have deal with so many patients, and have no idea when this is all gonna end
I don't think it should only be about the guidelines, because if we're being honest, it's not enough. We should all be behaving as cautiously as possible and not take unnecessary risks. I thought you, as a health professional, would know that firsthand?  And by the way...there are long-term effects of COVID-19 even if you don't die :\
Unsubscribing to you Man! YOU ARE A DOCTOR YOU ARE NOT JUST AFFECTING THE PEOPLE AROUND YOU BUT THE PEOPLE IN THE HOSPITAL!!!! WHAT ARE YOU THINKING? I ADMIRE YOU FOR SO LONG!
Dislike and unsubcribe.
I know that this is rehearsed, he should have just apologized right off the bat rather than justifying. I dont really care. I forgive him because it isn't a huge deal because a lot of this is pointless I don't care for the apology, a lot of this is far fetched and full of B.S I forgive you doctor mike you are still a favorite influencer of mine but let's just stay free from this the year is almost over and Dr mike didn't make much of a mistake
I’m so disappointed in him. He’s excusing himself while criticizing people who do the same. That’s terrible.
Doctor mike.... nooooooooooooo. No no no no no no.... this is.. I’m just so disappointed...
I think people have the right to be upset but......y’all talking hate as if he’s infallible. He just human and YES humans lie, messed up, make wrong choices and most of all bring DISAPPOINTMENT. I bet y’all never never did those. 加油 Dr Mike
Guys, you are missing the point! Lot's of people saying that he was irresponsible a so.... But the point is that he was not scared of getting the virus and spread it!! Because he knows that it is not that bad as he says! He is fear mongering to get views and make money! He is selling fear but not scared in real life!!!!
Covid sucks let's get through it together and not tear each other apart for every mistake
Everyone he is just a person he's this is rehearsed so what he had to get it perfect he's in the spotlight, a normal doctor could and probably has done this exact same thing my dad has cancer and has done intense chemo and we still went on Christmas vacation, was that smart probably not but we wanted the vacation your only mad at him because he is someone you either respected looked up to or at least valued guess what just because he messed up doesn't mean his overall message is flawed he lays out the facts so he ignored thin ok that's not great but fit him some slack you loved him but now you hate him because he exposed himself and others and followed the correct precautions before going back to work OMG it's the work of the devil just saying fit him some slack covid is the worst let's get through it together and not gear each other apart at we every mistake
This man has the right to do whatever he wants leave him alone
Stfu, Dr. Mike
Fam he rehearsed this I bet. I wonder why he didn’t he post this on his main channel.....
Since risk is just a spectrum, people can make up their own regulations
What a clown...this is not an apology..you practice what you preach...
You were one of my favorites and I looked up to you, Dr.Mike. Way to set an example. You discredited yourself and the advice you’ve been giving. Hope it was worth it.
well did dr fauci came out and said he messed with the number too? wtf is wrong w these doctor professionals
your only excuse is because your "young and healthy" . what about the people, your patients?
"I'm only partying for science, to show you why it's wrong"
If you keep saying you deserve the negative comments, why isn't this on your main channel like everyone else here keeps saying? Honestly, I'm glad I'm not a teenager anymore cause we and everyone I knew who was pre-med idolized you, but once you actually do med school, you can't look at Dr. Oz or Grey's Anatomy or even you without cringing or rolling your eyes.   This is why TV medicine is starting to lose traction. You brought it on yourself.
Rules for thee, not for me
Hi Doctor Mike!  Huge fan here  (still am) I wish you a happy New Year!! I see the hate comments and I get angry So I hope you're doing well
I'm not into canceling, people are going to think Covid is truly not as bad as everyone thinks, with a double standard ....Come Dr. It's so hard to trust the medical community right now...especially with this new vaccine. Your private life is yours, but don't be a hypocrite....I didn't even know this was going on. Was nervous about going back to work next week as an essential and found this , when looking up your latest videos 🥺 I am starting to actually doubt it is that serious if you had no problem flying and partying in Florida of all places.
So insincere
What a complete PoS.
It's true that you messed up, there is no denying that, but you are human. I understand that you represent doctors and advocate for their advice only for a lapse in judgment to negate that. Its not like you're the first person to do this and this is only accentuated by your sizeable following. You're a human and you've apologised for it, I hope you can push past it.
Big yikes dude
While I do respect your knowledge as a doctor, If anyone else did this, it would be different, but you said even six feet mini parties are not permissible, yet you do this. You know full well that even if no one had covid, they could be carrying it under their fingers, on their skin, their palms, their foods, etc. If you take an extreme stance on Covid prevention, at the very least stick by it.
Makes it hard to believe anything you say at this point. You might be well off in your nice apartment in NY, like who cares about the millions of people that watch you and look up to you right? Out of sight out of mind... But everyone makes mistakes so it is what it is.
I've watched your videos for comfort and guidance from the beginning of this thing. So disappointing. Those photos are gross for a dozen different reasons...ugh. But most of all because the rest of us are struggling through the holidays trying not to lose anybody, trying to make it to the vaccine. My husband has been unemployed since April. We have 5 kids! Lost health insurance, one kid with severe depression and I can't even get her to in person therapy. Another kid with special needs who has lost out on so much in therapy and school services. My own mental health is in the toilet.. And this was your choice?
Just coming back a month later to remind you that you're a disgrace.
I’m really hurt. I looked up to him for such a long time, but the fact that he did this just crushed my trust for him. I’ve lost my grandpa because of people like him, who DECIDE to put other people at risk for their own selfish desires. This was not a mistake but a very wrong and irresponsible decision. The fact that he wouldn’t even post this on his main channel shows what person he really is. Hope you learn and grow from this.
I’m on a boat!
I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt on this one, but if this happens again, I'm pretty sure your career is over. You're a f**king model, and a doctor! You should be showing others the example. If you show me you really feel bad about this and you want to redeem yourself: fine, people mess up, you are a human, but else, you're just a hypocrite who doesn't care about the message he's sending. Don't just tell us to stay safe: make us safe!
I still don't get why a lot of people still thinks that criticizing Dr. Mike is an over reaction. He is a hypocrite. He made videos about COVID 19 and gets good money from it, then decided to spend that money by partying, disregarding a lot of the things he preached in the videos he made money from. It's like when an environmentalist promotes an electric environmental car but then uses a conventional, "cooler", oil fueled car. Or when an actor promotes a brand of phone but uses an iphone instead. And even though we can't read his mind and his intentions, the way that he justifies his actions says that he still don't get what was wrong in his actions. I get why most people here says that he was only sorry after being caught because it seemed to be. He's a social media influencer more than a doctor. He's only posing as an advocate.
Why can’t he post it on his main channel, till now even I dint know he had a second channel
I would except tiktokers to do this but not you, your are risking your patients lives and their families and friends lives  I just have no words
I didn’t get to see my great grandma weeks before she died, she didn’t die because of COVID but I couldn’t visit her because of it. The fact that your a doctor, and had a party, for honestly no real reason, is so SO so outrageous. I hope you learn from this becuase do it again and it isn’t a mistake
Lmao, how is I stay alone a valid excuse when you're going to come into contact with patients every single day?  Especially for a family medicine doctor? I live alone as well, but still fear of getting a subclinical infection and passing it onto my patients who are already sick and have comorbidities. I'm sorry but this has been a massive let down
"I'm rich and have rich friends and am a doctor so i'm tested regularly as are all of my friends and acquaintances" Thats.....SSSOOOO fucked up, its the same reason we've been mad at senators and governors.  I LOVE Mike's content, but his apology should not be accepted.  Its the sentiment, not the context. Don't tell me because I'm poor I should stay home for the holidays, but because you're rich and can get tested daily that you get a pass. Thats FFFF********************ED up.
"I live alone so I'm not at high risk" Aren't you a family physician my guy?
Guys nobody's perfect. When u're a high profile personality like him, and u do sthg stupid, it's gonna be all over the Internet. Ppl r gonna call u out but we've seen worse. Keep working hard n accepting the criticism, moving forward n helping ur patients. We all make mistakes. Ur just in the dog house right now. Not for always.
so he celebrated his birthday and what??? the only thing i see bad here is you all being hypocrites and criticizing him. we sometimes forget that doctors are people as well, and that mental health is important as physical health, he already has done a looot for the pandemic as he could, spreading right and clear information. what he does with his private life is its own... or you are gonna tell me that since the start of the pandemic you haven’t seen a single friend or family? extremes are not right. you can ONE time just relax (taking the right cares like testing yourself and friends, quarantining after and before &c) and have fun, and should not be harassed for that. there are so many public figures to criticize when it comes to their behavior with COVID-19, cause they party all time and come to one place from another and so and you concentrate in a doctor that uses lots of their time making medical content for free in a country where the health system is just for some people. stop being so mean!  greetings from argentina x
Well, we're only human. I mean, I'd already lived my life socially isolated from most anyway, so I'm used to it. It's not for everybody, but I still go out into the community every day as a necessity to get the supplies my family needs. I do my part to protect myself, my family and anyone I potentially encounter in the world.   I'm disappointed, Mike. Truly. So much so that I'm unsubbing from your channel simply because of the fact that you didn't want to address this clearly glaring issue with your audience - myself included.
Y’all should really calm down!
Post on your main channel. People don’t use the community tab too often and some don’t even have it on their device.
How the hell are people supposed to trust you as a healthcare professional when you flaut COVID-19 guidelines?
Lmao everyone acting like they know more than the doctor. Mike if you're reading this, you got this my guy.
You should post this on your main channel and also admit you’re too privileged to acknowledge there’s a pandemic going on... or just be a non practicing medicine-influencer... not being salty but this was such a turn off... but also not surprised since you’re an influencer... Just don’t jeopardize people’s lives by working at a hospital and partying on the weekends.
I understand why people are upset and that’s perfectly okay in this situation, but you also need to think about/understand that he’s human, and people sometimes do things and regret it afterwards, I know I have. This doesn’t make him a bad person or a bad doctor, he just did one thing wrong. I don’t hold that against him. The pandemic is very serious and I think that everyone should do everything to keep themself and others safe, this man has done that. He slipped up but now he probably won’t do it again. Keep up the good work doctor Mike! (english isn’t my first language, so there may be some faults, sorry)
I'm guessing you didn't put this on your main channel because you're afraid it'll negate the COVID-19 warnings you've been telling us? I agree that that would happen in some people's minds. Your reckless flaunting of COVID-19 protocols have likely already done that for a lot of people - good job!  Maybe you quarantined when before you got on the boat? Maybe you quarantined before seeing patients (or anyone else) upon return? (I assume not, since you didn't mention it.) Assuming you did, you're still vicariously killing people with your hypocrisy.   So since you can't undo the past, how about a video on your MAIN channel with the message: "I'm a hypocrite who cares more about partying than about controlling a deadly pandemic. You can no longer trust anything I say because even I can't trust myself. Therefore, I'll be ending my channel effective today."   Then there will be one fewer hypocrite doctor out there telling us to do one thing while doing the opposite -- maybe THAT can make an impact? I already unfollowed you and will spread your hypocrite message far and wide in an attempt to reduce the damage you've done.  I, like many others, valued your channel as a reliable source of important medical information (and entertainment). That's no longer possible. Please go away.
Bruv post this on the main channel cuz ppl ain't gonna go on this channel and Am unsubbing bruvvv.
Outrageous
Hypocrite.
This whole situation is confusing to me because it is so clear that you know better. Even now as you sit there trying to justify it - you can see your clutching at straws to try cram a 'boat party' into an 'okay during a pandemic' box and it just doesn't fit whichever way you swing it. You know that yourself. Your losing more credibility by not just outwardly saying it was wrong at every level and dealing with it. Nevermind your youtube career, you work with a wide range of vulnerable people who rely on you. I know you are still young and want to enjoy yourself too but it was completely irresponsible and your only lucky you haven't carried it into your place of work.  It has nothing to do with the science, or the message. It has nothing to do with anything but your own personal actions. This was probably one of the most crucial periods of your career. You have the platform to give people the advice, comfort and direction that they need and you let it slip right out of your hands. You've completely lost the trust of your audience and that's a difficult, if not impossible thing to claw back again. One negative can really disregard the positive, and its a shame that is what people will probably remember most when they look back on this time.  You work hard and there is absolutely no doubt you are passionate and serious about your field of work. Your an excellent doctor and should be so very proud of the positive impact you make. You're a safe and happy space for so many. But there is no denying you have really let yourself, your audience, colleagues and patients down at such a defining time.
Elites love to preach and then turn around and live in excess. This should not surprise anyone.
Guys even if what he did was wrong let's be comprehensive I mean we all know that it's a difficult period and especially for the med staf but doctors are still humans and he already acknowledged his mistake and apologised to us
I have waited and you still have not addressed this on your main channel and I feel that is a very disingenuous way to handle your mistake. Your apology should be to the subscribers/viewers of your main channel. Very fishy your story wasn’t covered by many of the Youtubers you’ve collaborated with that would normally cover something like this. I have unsubscribed. Wish you the best.
So shady not to put this on your main channel where millions would see it.
Wow I actually thought you would apologise instead of justifying urself! And then you act like nothing is wrong on ur main channel. Wow UNSUBSCRIBE. Do you know how *flipping lucky you are to have not been cancelled* this is why I have trust issues. What a shame that a doctor would dare do this, hypocrite. Extremely cowardish not to put it on your main
Lmao stfu
I used to watch your videos pretty frequently, but I doubt I’ll be doing that going forward. You’re a hypocrite.
Love how 90% of the people in the comment section are the same who went to beaches during the summer.
You should apologize not try to explain your actions. That's what a real medical professional and just a decent person would do. But yah don't post it on your main channel.. ever think that maybe this was a good way to reach some people who are struggling with this? To say that the great Dr Mike even makes mistakes and that they happen and you can come back from them. Instead you continue to post your regular content like nothing else matters. Apologize or you'll look like a hypocrite
wow. I'm only finding out about this now. No excuses, he put his patients at risk.
Why don't you put this on the channel with 6 million subs? Don't bother replying I already know the answer. Just like you knew hanging out on a boat with all those people was a bad move. "I live by myself so no one else is going to get exposed" what about your fucking patients?
I mean.....though I am not getting his story, as it has many loopholes, But Still, even if he did that intentionally, I believe he's not a bad guy. He does charities & many other good things for the needy ones. He did messed up real bad but everyone deserves second chance. We must not reprehend anyone to the point they break down. Or worst goes in depression. with a hope he learnt his lesson and trying to be better, I forgive you Doctor Mike 👍🤗
Sorry, Dr. Mike. My respect for you have been hit so bad with this. All of us wants to spend quality time with our family and friends during this pandemic but we have followed the protocol of just staying at home. You partying with a lot of people regardless of the reason is just a hypocrite move in your part. I don't think I can trust you again as it just shows you don't follow what you preach.
We should all go and party on a boat with our friends and call it a "mistake". Don't bother wearing a mask either.
You are a doctor. You work at a hospital. You are telling other people that they should practise social distancing to protect others. And you are partying on a boat in the midst of a pandemic. This is just so disappointing.
How the hell are you a doctor and now saying you are just now learning the impact of actions. Stop giving an interview spin answer. You let everyone down and we're dumb enough to photograph it. We have a responsibility to set an example, now more than ever, and you blew it.
Thanks for raising the curve, jerk
The fact that you make money off covid related videos and then have a maskless party on your gifted boat it really is gross and disappointing at the same time.
P.s. all of you are acting like you never made a mistake
Im just gonna say this just because all of you dont get to see your parents and dont go on holiday and spend birthdays alone well that has nothing to do with him, he clearly got everyone tested before he made the party, he checked if he had any risk factors and all. Clearly everyone was safe. So i dont get why you all are saying that you dont get to do this  and this when that has nothing to do with him. And all of you are like... Me-cant see my parents Others-spent birthday alone Mike-goes to partys  Like just stop trying to get likes by doing that HE WAS BEING SAFE!!!!
As an ICU nurse, this list of excuses offends me to my core. Wouldn't be surprised if he's one of those who refused to set foot into a covid room.  Dr. Mike attacked the science by traveling to Florida and trusting in BS state "restrictions". Doesn't even post this on his main channel.
Let me summarize this video ...   Blah blah blah blah  It wasn’t my fault Damm I got caught blah blah
Hypocrite
I have one question I already seen a specialized foot doctor about this but I have a bunion on my left foot and was told I need surgery to pull back the bone or whatever but I could choose when I do it? Is that safe
I have lost all of my respect for you. Such a disgusting attitude. if u know U ARE A DOCTOR DO NOT MAKE SUCH STUPID DESICION. You should be part of the solution and not part of the problem. Shame on you.
Wow, So I guess me and my family have to follow cdc guidelines, Have Christmas over Zoom, And can't go and see any family not on our property, Yet you're able to litterally throw out EVERYTHING that you stood for on your main channel, And party. You don't seem like you regret it, You only do since you got caught doing it. I love your channel and I like watching you... But now, I don't feel like I can really believe what you say anymore  Also, This isn't on your main channel, With over 5.4 Million subs, Not this alt account. People may unsubscribe because you won't say anything on your main channel.  I can't go see my friends. I was ready to break the guidelines for my friends who lost their mom to cancer! Hearing them crying in the call made me so upset! AND YOU MEANWHILE, JUST GET TO PARTY! YOU ARE A F*CKING DOCTOR! YOU COULD HAVE GOTTEN SO MANY PEOPLE SICK IF YOU GOT COVID! PEOPLE WITH CHRONIC ILLNESSES COULD SUFFER BECAUSE OF YOU!   This is why I have trust issues.  Goodbye Doctor Mike. Hope you enjoy the money you make, While your many "fans" can't trust you anymore...
This should’ve been a main channel video
Please make your script shorter
You are literally a Doctor and you are trying to say "oh well I read the guidelines and it said it was unsafe to swim with a mask on so I didn't!" Very disappointing, you are someone I look up to and I would have appreciated you coming clean without the weird attempts to justify at the beginning.
Why did his friends invite him to this event anyway? They know he's a doctor and that he can't party. Part of the blame is on his friends.
disappointed smh. sorry doctor mike this isn’t it..
This is my mother’s last Christmas. I chose not to travel to see her and my father out of fear that I would carry it to them since we both live in hot spot states. I am not a doctor but I do have common sense. THINK!!!
this is the most stupid apology to date.
im so confused wtf happened
I dont understand people saying he didnt apologized. He did, and he admit his mistake. what more do u want?
Masks work for CV as well as a chain linked fence works to keep out mosquitoes. People need to quit being sheeple to a virus that has a 99.8% cure rate.  Wake up!  The deep state is trying to silence you and bring the country to it's knees economically.
You gotta put this on your main channel, Dr. Mike. A bit disingenuous. This one does not even have 100K subs. And honestly, seems like your friends are either oblivious to your work or are just very selfish. They didn’t realize because organizing this it puts you and your patients at risk? Are you really telling me your friends didn’t realize going on a bot party would go against what you have vehemently stood for for the past year?  This is such a awful look for you, doc, acting like other influencers who think the rules don’t apply to them.
He is sorry, to a certain extent. Yet, this whole apology video is one huge contradiction from my point of view. He's telling us to try and make social distancing something standard in our daily lives. Yet, he made an exception to celebrate his birthday with a moderately big group. There are a lot of people out there that have forgone social distancing measures throughout this whole pandemic, I know of several. For most forgoing those measures affects how they are viewed within their own circle. With Dr. Mike and the wide audience he reaches, his actions have to be more conscientious and careful. As a public figure, a doctor at that, his actions should be well guarded. Even though we do make mistakes, this apology didn't feel all that genuine. The circumstances tell me that he had planned to get together with all these individuals, even if there hadn't been a boat involved. I'm just saying Dr. Mike, while all of this admirable you're ability to admit you did wrong, the way you handled this before going on that boat and partying is something you could've of thought through a bit more.
Wow a private boat I wish I had your dad but I’m not a lying hypocrite and you said it serious but the picture say something else
Well, his channel goes on, the earnings goes on and the good life for him goes on. He being a hypocrite or not. Welcome to the free world.  Edit :: Just avoid seeing him for your strep throat probably.
the fact that he posted this in his smaller channel and so much comments about the drama in his main channel are disappearing is just smhh
Main channel has 6.5 million subscribers. Secondary channel has 73k subscribers. Uploads important apology video on secondary channel where it's seen only by a tiny fraction of his subscribers.
Who cares if he was not wearing a mask... People need to grow up. Do some research, masks don't do anything. I haven't worn a mask. I live in a big city. You need to exercise. Eat healthy. Get sun. Hes a free person and did nothing wrong. If your scared stay home. But don't stop othets from enjoying life.
“I’m a doctor so I’m exempt, but not you guys.”
Who cares lmao stop protecting your viewers and just do you and enjoy. And you didn’t mess up! Obviously you took percussions. 😎
People are so judgmental towards this guy. He’s human, he makes mistakes. He did what he could, given the situation. We’ve all been in this pandemic for a year. It came out of nowhere, we are all still trying to get use to it. It happens, no one is perfect. He doesn’t deserve the hate and judgment from his “supporters”.
You mean to tell me I can’t see my girlfriend, my entire family, or anyone for that matter BUT ITS OKAY FOR YOU CAUSE YOURE A DOCTOR..
never trust a hot doctor guys
you are literally endangering others around you mike. im disappointed in you....
Dr.mike you have lost any respect i had for you.
Going out to party isnt a mistake, its a choice.
All fake.  He was partying because he knows the PANDEMIC is fake.
This clearly shows that doctors don’t take this virus seriously! It’s a whole plandemic.. i
i bet that doctor mike followed jake pauls lead and did the most unprofessional thing in mankind during a time like this. makes no sense why you uploaded this on your alt.
what a  loser
Ah, so now you block people on twitter who pointed out that you should make a statement on your main hannel. Go figure.
Have anyone ever bother to do any research on this virus instead of listening to just him??  Sure there are alot of doctors that cry "STAY HOME, WEAR MASKS, SOCIAL DISTANCING, AND THESE WILL SAVES LIVES", but weird how all of these measures either do not work or this doctor like him as well as others are just guessing them selves.  People need to realize that doctors are humans and make mistake themselves.  People also need to realize that other doctors do not agree with this doctor as well.  Do what you thin is best, there are way too many RCT and studies that proven that these mask do not work and way too many other doctors now saying (or been saying for the past 6 months) that these lockdowns causes more harm than good.  To be honest, more studies are coming out (there were out before, just the media do not want us to know about these things) that boosting your immune systems with vitamins, exercise, and eating healthy will help.  I know way too many people that had this virus and survived and with a 99.1% survival rate, i rather be free and out living my life than have some governor telling me to stay home, wear a mask, or else.  it is up to you what you want to do, you can take your health more serious or just be in fear of this virus.  Hell, I understand, the fear of getting someone else sick or ending up in the hospital, but staying home is not the option for me.  And yes, when a doctor tell me something,m i will either ask for a second opinion or ask the doctor so many questions that he will be glad to see me leave.  From my personal experience, being given the wrong diagnosis that almost caused me my life a few times asa well as my son, I am sorry but i am going to ask questions.  And again, we need to remember, doctors make mistakes as well.
Ok tbh i am unstanning . If someone  else does this . He would make a full video about it . ON HIS MAIN CHANNEL  . But when he does something  that can get him cancelled.  He posts a mini apology  shoving his knowledge  in your  face on his SECOND  CHANNEL. sorry not sorry
Very disappointed in you Mike put this apology on your main channel.
Can y’all stop hating on him. He apologized ok. Everyone makes mistakes. He’s a freakin human
people on here acting like you committed murder rather than just spent some time with people without a mask.   I can bet pretty much every single person on here has gone out in public like to a restaurant, or spent time with people they don't live with without masks at some point this year.
Yup you live alone, but you’re a doctor you don’t only risk yourself from the virus but you can put your patients at risk as well, this is not an apology this is a video about you defending yourself that we were wrong and you are right, apology and defending yourself is two different things.
This is the most fucked up thing he has ever done... you don’t even dare to put this on your main channel. Lost every grain of respect for DOCTOR mike!
Another one bites the dust
Dr Mike: uploads video on second channel Video still gets over 1m views.   Dr Mike you should have just posted this on your main channel, you can't hide your wrongs from the internet
Youre a grown man, screw anyone that is getting upset at you for having a good time, its your life. Im sure 90% of the people getting mad at you would have been at that party if given the chance.
Useless apology...while we have to stay at home he s going to parties
Ummm............i forgive,everyone makes mistakes..so why soo negative comments😑 "like you never makes mistakes"...and your like "but hes a doctor",its not like doctor cannot make mistakes😑....i also make mistakes that i told my siblings to not do😒...but im alittle botheres to why he didnt upload in his main channel😑😒
I hope he actually learns from this. Because he should know not to do that, he has his private life I get it, but he should have considered his patients and not do that or they could have been more safe and didn't bring a lot of ppl. Yes he is in the wrong. I won't unsubscribe. Cause I got hope that he will learn from this. And yes be should follow his own advice. Pls doctor Mike it'll be better to post it on the main channel it might hurt your reputation but it'll make ppl believe in you just a little bit more. Pls take care and pls don't do these kind of things again in a pandemic. And follow what you preach. I am planning on forgiving you. But pls do better. Pls ik your better than this (at least I think😅). The ppl in the comments of this video is right but if you can give a second chance, and if he mess up again you can feel free to unsubscribe. I hope you can but if you're decision is firm then go for it. It's understandable. Pls take care and peace. Merry Christmas everyone 😄
Give him a break gosh he just admitted it just chill out everyone makes mistakes
Hey hey you could start to strive better by posting this on your MAIN CHANNEL!!!!!!!! WTF I am a follower of you and I just been informed of this like literally just now and it aftually came from other youtubers reacting to your apology. It looks like you only apologize because you were caught. This whole video felt so half baked. Im fucking disappointed
People might not agree with me on this but ya know what, he’s human. Most of us at some point or another have done something we probably shouldn’t have during the pandemic bc we got caught up in a moment and wanted to have fun. That’s all he did, he got caught up in a moment, and wanted to have fun. And at least he put an effort in the minimize risks...he got tested; multiple times, he quarantined when he got back...etc. So lay off him, he’s human
You guys would never satisfy in everything huh? At least he apologizes duh.
Where are y’all living that y’all are so scared to “live”. I care and love my family, I tested positive for covid in June. I’m 27 and have been going to parties and get togethers since Thanksgiving (No mask) none of my family and friends have tested positive. I work with the public and I’m forced to wear a Mask 🙄. If your scared go to church. Imo the best prevention is a strong and healthy immune system, its sad to live in a country where people are being shamed for their personal decisions. The only thing Doctor Mike is doing wrong is not owning up to his choice. I get he is contradicting himself which just shows how much bs the whole thing is. I had  20 year old friends die from the flu in 2018 yet the economy and everything else that is being controlled by the gov was not affected then. His Miami friends seem to be doing just fine, this whole thing is ridiculous.
Should've put this on ur main channel.
People weren't able to work, lost their jobs, became bankrupt and lost their businesses that they had spent their entire lives building , missed birthdays, missed anniversaries, weren't able to tie the knot, weren't able to say goodbye to their loved ones, heck some people weren't even able to avail of medical services due to these restrictions and suffered consequences including fatality and many were subjected to domestic abuse and even committed suicide and here you are spouting the nonsense of the Government, misleading millions only to then do the exact opposite of what you've been preaching in a multitude of videos. To add further insult to injury, you posted this on your second channel which has a substantially smaller following in comparison to your main channel, and this is of course done intentionally to limit damage to your reputation. Life is hard as it is, we don't need wastemen like you making things worse. Being an MD you are under a Hippocratic oath to practice ethically and with integrity. You chose this profession so you need to act accordingly.
Everyone messed things up yea even if ur a doctor u can screw up even with this kinda mistakes, don't tell me that u were nvr once a hypocrite telling others this and that but u still do it. Also I doubt that anyone nvr broke the covid-19 rules disobeying the system at least once . We r not perfect but we learn from our mistakes. Doctor, celebrities etc or not anyone can make such mistakes so forgive
Liar.
Guys give him beak every person make a mistakes it’s okay break a rule once or twice okay 👌 hope you doing well Mike
i think the girls were probably jealous lol
As a healthcare professional, you need to own up and say that you consciously made a decision to celebrate your birthday in Miami. You need to understand that just because you are a popular celebrity doesn't mean you can get away with this. All of us have been dealing with such a rough time. Please stop downplaying this incident as a 'mistake.' I'm honestly so heartbroken and disappointed that you would cover this up. This will come back to haunt you if you don't face the truth head on, on your main channel.
Wow mike everyone is disappointed in u. What a GrEaT doc
Post this on your main channel where you have more people viewing you cause if you post it onto a channel with less subscribers no ones gonna believe you and forgive you.
Human make mistake, but a human that learn from their mistake are golden. I'm glad you realized what have you done, and everyone please don't assault him to much. We should stop seeing people from their bad side
You should’ve known what message it would give out. It sucks you were one of my favorite youtubers.
If I knew my Dr. had gone on a vacation and partied on a boat maskless I would surely look for a less entitled one. If you don't practice what you preach it castes doubt on the legitimacy of the CDC's and your own cause; why should people believe or care what you have to say if you can't even lead by example and respect your own advice?
lol it’s always the leftist being hypocritical
why didn't you upload this on your main channel? i get it tho, guys have urges and ofc dr. mike needs to release that tension too with all those fine ladies.
But the patients!!!!!
I didn't hear him say I'm sorry😒
He was cautious yet he apologized. Idk if he can do better. We love you too!
I mean if u were him, u wouldn’t want to loose so many subs, and u wouldn’t want to loose so much money and views. Yes he should’ve said sorry instead of justifying himself. He apologized a bit but very little. If I was him, I would post on my second channel to, don’t know why u guys are complaining so much. He’s human to
Dr.Mike you should post this video in the main channel... It's OK we all make mistakes... It's important to learn about your mistakes... But you not posting this video in the main channel is truly heartbreaking... Just hope your fine...
I just heard about this from some other YouTuber explaining the situation and I am subscribed to your main accounts on YT and Instagram, watching your videos and storys and haven't heard about this before. That shows one of my issues with this video- why on earth upload it here and act normal everywhere else if you truly own up to your mistake? Also the excuse that you live alone doesn't make sense to me you are a doctor so one of those people who have a lot of contact with people who are at a high risk.
I’m a fan of your videos, but we didn’t want excuses, we wanted an apology, and we wanted you to do better as an example
Awful excuse, just own up to it already buddy.
So, where's this on your main channel? I've just been going around thinking nothing was wrong, only to find out you went to a party in the middle of a pandemic, while preaching "responsibility" to other people?! The fact you're passively posting this to a side channel with no mention on your main channel tells me you don't care. If it's not okay, why didn't you post this to your main channel so people know that you made the mistake? Are they just supposed to research it and find it themself? You said you've been on the front lines fighting covid. If that's the case, you know how bad it is. Why did you go and do this and then shrug it off?
MAKING A SAD FACE DOESN'T MEAN YOU ARE APOLOGIZING.
UNETHICAL DOCTOR!!!
This was not a mistake. It’s a decision you made, while being fully aware of your consequences. No forgiveness for you.
Im ready for people to comment on all of his videos to upload a real apology on his main channel until he quits youtube, or until he uploads an apology on the main channel.
Why does people like. Like wtf
Lol there are more thumbs down than thumbs up
Well. For me, he is apologizing because he got caught, but if not, he won't do it like dzuuuh. And it also works for like every  people. Gosh the hypocrisy iz real HAHAHAHHAHA.
he followed all the guidelines. stop blaming him.
I'm so deeply disappointed in you. Я не понимаю как ты смог это сделать. It's disgusting 😒
If you were a bit more honest you'd upload this on your main channel. Disappointed in you.
Hang on, if he followed CDC and local guidelines in respect of activities you're permitted to do as a group, what's the issue? This pandemic doesn't mean all of a sudden everyone lives like hermits. To get through this, common sense must be applied. You can go to a supermarket and have people climb over you at the aisles but a limited group of friends meet up and it's end of days?? Relax folks. He's a Dr, pretty sure he knows what he's doing.
Maybe try uploading this on your main channel? I just found this channel today, because i heard about the drama
The fact that he "checked" the guidelines During water activities  It says "Do not wear masks when doing activities that get your mask wet" Partying on a boat does not count, your boat isn't sinking. The Local boat capacity (HE highlighted) "maximum of 10 on a boat" I saw the pictures and you had 15 people including yourself on the boat.  So it wasn't that you made accidentally mistake because you are human, you made a conscious decision to be a hypocrite. If you were truly sorry this would be on your main channel, but it is not because you know what the ramifications will be.
you shouldnt say sorry to the viewers, workers, ect. You should say sorry for the people your putting at risk right now. the risk is not okay, your risking your patients, your dad, your coworkers, your workers, ect. your risking all these people and you only say sorry to them? ik the workers are in the front line and stuff like that, but right now, you should be worrying about the people your putting at risk. and why would you post it on here? your main channel has 6 mil plus subs, so more people will see it. unless you dont want them to see it, which is probably the reason
Y’all act like you guys haven’t broke any of the guidelines. So shut up.
I highly doubt he did that much of a risk assesment between being suprised with a boat trip to getting on the boat.
Why does it matter that he didn’t post it on his main channel? At least he posted it and look at how many views it has. People have clearly seen it. He was sort of peer pressured to go onto that boat (look up the price of a private boat). He took as many precautions as he could. Boating is a water activity so masks aren’t recommended. He’s clearly sorry. You guys need to move on. Seriously you guys are being childish. Yes the pandemic is insanely serious (my dad is a doctor and I’ve lost people to the virus so I know don’t even try) but he made an honest mistake as he said it was a surprise. Traveling during the pandemic is ok they have insane precautions now. You have to get tested you have to quarantine for international travel. It was a mistake. Grow up. Except it. There’s bigger issues in the world than a private boat party where there was no physical negative impacts. No one got sick. Thanks for listening to my psa. Leave him alone.
it’s not just a mistake like writing the wrong day down. first you made the choice of going down to miami, then to see people, be close to those people, then to be on a boat with many people, then to not be wearing a mask.  this was a seriously hypocritical thing to do, and you’ve lost a lot of respect in the eyes of many because of it.
No justification on this careless, selfish and irresponsible action. Hypocrisy
Hating on him wont do anything. He apologized. I know he made a mistake but he is human. It's a "moment of madness" and it happens to everyone. I know he did it in a middle of a pandemic, but he is not the only one. A lot of people refuse to  wear masks and  throw out parties. Dont hate on him like he's is the only one who did this mistake.
In the picture the people and YOU didn’t even where a single mask. And why didn’t he film this in the main channel?
Is he acting?
Ye duh safe why don’t you just say no then?
“i wAs a LiTTLe CaUtiOUs aND nErVOUs”
Aint wearing a mask aint distancing, imma just do me
.
I don’t understand all the criticism. Could he have been more safe? Yes. Is what he did the end of the world? No. He specifically said he was taking all the precautions he could. You can see that it was hard for him to make this video. That was the least energetic “stay happy and healthy” I’ve ever heard. It couldn’t have been easy for him to talk about what he could’ve done better, and responding to criticism and controversy. I don’t disagree that it was risky, but don’t be so hard on him.
And this video wasn’t posted to your main channel because.....?
Just disappointed, have told you guys to wear masks at the very beginning, but white people always don’t believe it, Asian got beaten up and threatened, now you all know what is true.
Frustrating
I watched the video once, now I'll watch it again and comment on it.  The first mistake you made was uploading this video to this small channel instead of the one that has millions of followers. This tells me, and many others, that your apology is not true, that you only care that you were caught, and not that you didn´t follow your own advice. You uploaded on this channel because you don't want more people to find out, after all, it was just one picture. I had to find out through a "Tea" channel.  Something that doesn't sit right is that the boat was a surprise, but you and all your friends had the time to quarantine perfectly and got a Covid test? You are a doctor, but maybe I gotta remind you that the covid test doesn't detect the virus if you contracted it 2 days ago, you need more time. So a "surprised" boat caused a party that was not planned, but all your friends were quarantined and tested for covid for the party? I don't think so. Not to mention that you took an airplane, so the math doesn't add (but maybe I'm missing something). I'll give you this one.  Third, about your "risk spectrum". More than half the population in the US, not to mention many other countries, fall in the same risk category as you. That means that half the country that is not using masks, going out, having small parties, etc,  CAN and ARE RIGHT to do so, because their "risk" is small. The people that are sick, immunocompromised, or at risk (or people that live with someone like this) are not going out (for the most part). Since the beginning, you and many others, have told us that using masks and not going out is to protect others, not necessarily yourself. But here you are, talking about how the risk to you is small.   Fourth. Yes, you took all the precautions when you returned to New York. Congratulations, New York won't get more cases. What about the people you saw on your trip before you got to New York? Airport, plane, the uber, etc? Did you quarantine before you got on the plane? Did you went and bought things for the "surprised" party? Were those workers safe because you quarantine before seeing them?  Fifth. I remember you saying, and I quote "Is it okay if I throw a mini party but we all stay six feet apart? The answer to this question is a hard no". So for others there is a "one size fits all answer" but not for you? Got it.  I'm young, I don't have health problems, I used to live alone (but since uni was moved to online I had to move back with my parents), I am following the proper quarantine... can I have a party? Most of my friends are the same as me. So can I travel all the way back to the state I was studying at and have parties with my friends? We are just 6 people in total, after all.   Sixth. The way you say that "even though you followed all the guidelines and quarantined, you still messed up" sounds, at least to me, like when people don't pay taxes but they did it in a legal way. The part when you said you "messed up", the way you said it, to me it sounds more like when you apologize but you know you're not wrong so you say something like "Yeah, yeah, I messed up, blah blah blah, I apologize. Can we pass to the next topic?"  Seventh. Apparently, Covid is not that serious, masks are not important, and certainly, you don't take it very seriously. You go to work and the gym, etc wearing a mask, but the most important places (or at least to my understanding) to wear a mask are places that are not under your control, where the risk to you and others is a lot.  Eighth. "Bad actors" and "conspiracy theorists" are not using your situation to prove themselves right, YOU proved them right. You proved to them that the risks are not that much, especially if they are healthy, young, and live alone (just like you or like half the country). All the people that I know of that are having small parties and reunions are healthy and young, but we still tell them they are covidiots because they are "killing their grandma and people with immunodeficiencies".   Ninth. Yes, you are human, and humans make mistakes but this was not a mistake, I'm sorry. In this video, you explained all the planning you did for this party, you checked the guidelines, you quarantined, etc. So you planned on making a mistake?  I understand that you are sad, many of us are. And I get that being strong in this situation with the amount of time that has passed is really hard. Almost all my friends have celebrated their birthdays with just the people they live with, I didn't get to pass my 3-year anniversary with my boyfriend, friends canceled their vacations, my grandmother is not going to spend Christmas with us, etc. And I see a lot of people not staying in their homes and visiting grandparents and friends, and they also have a justification.  I'm not going to unfollow you or stop following the medical advice that I know is right. But I do think that you need to rethink your apology, because it doesn't sound like an apology to me, more like a justification to show people that you are right. I think you are a great person that did have a great lack of judgement. I'm far more angry at how you "apologized" than the fact that you went to a party. You just gave at least 3 or 4 arguments for people to party.  I hope you feel better and please don't be a hypocrite.
what a selfish man... you put yourself in a position of power by gaining the trust of so many subscribers. your actions during this pandemic matter even more than the average person bc you have people looking up to you. this isn’t a mistake it’s pure disregard for human life
What's the point of apologising if you upload it on a platform where viewership is low? I used to really admire you and take all your words about the pandemic seriously. Now I'm just disappointed.
This brings a tear to my eye. I looked up to him and he is the reason I decided to become a doctor when I grow up and learn in the field of medicine. If he had posted this on his main channel I would have seen this earlier. Why did I not know of this till now. It really makes me sad.
Seriously guys lighten up!  You would think this man committed murder..!!  He is human just like everyone else and I have seen more leniency for criminals!   He went on vacation and didn't wear a mask..no big deal...he is sorry!   We need to watch how we idolize people and by the way this cannot be good for his mental health.  Are we concerned about that?  Nope because it's not us and we are not being watched in our private lives.  Seriously, I wonder how many people went out without a mask once who are writing these deeply troubling comments?  Forgive him and move on!  We have much more issues in this country!
Bruh, did those CDC guidelines you checked say it’s okay to have your unmasked face that close to those of people not living with you? Not buying it, dude.
People need to stop talking about him posting this on his second channel. People will see this either way, he genuinely feels bad about what he did. He knows what he did wrong and the second part of the video is him talking about how he’s going to change. He’s also a human being like us and makes mistakes. He owns up to it and doesn’t deny what he did. Yes I agree what he did was bad but I also agree that he can be forgiven.
I will try my hardest to get my thoughts through even if my english sucks. I work as a medical assistent in a retirement home, that means all people that we take care of are in a age that are a lot more sensitive to the virus. Now I don't go in restaurants, clothes stores or party, even when I protected myself a lot (mask always on even outside in open areas, gloves, washed hands, disinfected hands till the skin ripped) and guess what? I still came out positive with no symptoms. You can't justify what you did. We are humans yes that is true but the moment you tell sorry for being too careful just to party we all know that sounds not even the little bit right. All of us are having a crisis, we can't meet our family, we can't go to school and study properly. Like magic people like you think "whatever" and trust me is not because you are a doctor but because till yesterday you posted lots of videos about this pandemic an then the apology that you post is about 4 minutes with no actual apology. So bye.
I just found out about this now because it wasn’t on the main channel but he messed up and that’s a pretty shitty for someone who knew better.... but hey at least he’s owning up to it?
All of yall posting negative comments know that Dr.Mike is human right? Just because he is a doctor does not mean he is perfect. On top of that, NURSES AND DOCTORS AND BASICALLY ANYONE WHO WORKS IN MEDICAL GETS ROUTINE COVID 19 TESTING.
I swear why are all my fav ppl messing up and then getting cancelled in a way (I'm still glad he's uploading tho), but like I swear 2020 is the worst year and I just wanna forget about it, like isekai me right now truck-kun
This is honestly pathetic, you didn't "learn a lesson" you knew what you were doing and you're just sorry you got caught. You literally lie about being within the capacity, you gained a lot of views and popularity due to this pandemic and to be honest it seems you benefited from other doctors risking their lives daily instead of working at small clinics. You are too much of a coward to even post this on your main channel where if you actually cared about misinformation it would actually help. YOU DIDN'T EVEN FOLLOW THE GUIDLINES YOU CLAIMED TOO!
*Beautiful people are not always good but good people are always beautiful*
My Best friends brother (18) is in hospital ALONE after a brain operation, he has been in the hospital for 2 months, all he can do is sit alone, he has only saw his mother once. He has complications after his operation and can't breath and was lucky enough to be able to get a ventilator because he is so young, another people aren't as lucky. Then we have hypocrites like you going out partying
The price of being in the public eye is that judgement is quick and merciless. The question is, would any of us have done the same had been in Mike's exact circumstances? I didn't even know there was another channel. I'm not here to judge, I surely could be taking further precautions even if living in Australia with much fewer cases. Mike, you're only human, before being a Doctor you're human, flawed like everyone else; an MD does not grant you perfection automatically. Simply do no-repeat your mistakes, own them, and demonstrate you're capable of change. It's not enough to feel bad for your wrongdoing, it's important to alter your behaviours. You're a public figure so you're keeping yourself accountable here, but accountability isn't a one apology video, nor simply feeling remorse. Accountability involves taking responsibility for the consequences of your actions, and as you have stated in your video that you know your actions have an impact, then remind yourself that your decisions and choices are heavily scrtinised. Think of the consequences backlashes have on your wellbeing. I hope that you remain wise, responsible, and human. Greetings from Aus, we all make mistakes take it easy on yourself.
christmas is coming, but the hate comments keep rolling? santa wont be happy about this. lets all have a safe christmas instead with love, positivity, and festive cheer.
All of you who are saying "why is this not on his main channel "he already lost his trust for somthing he did .the only hypocrites are u guys have u never forgotten to wear a mask once or twice in these long nine months. People mess up ,the thing is he didnt mess up ,he was tested and so was everyone else 3 times all negative, also this was a surprise party he didn't plan this. I really hate this title "admitting when you're wrong ",what is he admitting that he went to keep himself in a good mental state? He is a doctor he works constantly and never has time for himself. Once again HE IS A DOCTOR does he not know how diseases and the spread of them work?  Support to doctor mike 👍 Ps .were humans were not machines we mess up it's ok
I am a big fan, and a person who thinks like you. if you ask me? You NEED to upload this on your main channel which I follow even now so that people see this, at the end of the day you are fighting to bring transparency to the world, and that is all what medicine does - we just interpret & understand the body and give patients info on how to go about things, we do not force perspectives. This will help you, once people know this and every other side you have, quality of audience will improve, and it will either break you or make you. It's time. I hope you see this. Please put this on your main channel. I speak on behalf of everyone you have helped through the difficult times in our lives, when we needed an anchor the most. Please put this on your main channel. Work harder, do better, it's going to be ok.
Look, I am late, and I agree he should have posted this to his main channel, and also I am not on anyone's side but I learn not to trust people/idealize anyone so much.
The fact that you didn't post this on your main channel only tells people that you don't want your followers to see it.. lol
1:02 " Maximum 10 on the boat"   In the picture taken there are more than 10 people on the boat so you clearly didn't follow the guidelines
I am dissapointed on you, doctor mike😞
I really admired you as a doctor and a human being overall, seeing you preach social distancing and the importance of wearing masks were inspiring. At this point, I'm just so disappointed. Disappointed that you couldn't practice what you preached, and also that you kept making excuses and trying to justify your own actions.
Has he apologized on his main channel or something? I don't see any comments about this on any of his main videos. Do people not know, or is he deleting comments?
This prick uploaded his apology in a secondary channel so the main one doesnt get affected by the backlash lmao
Keep up the amazing things you do. People make mistakes. It's hard being in the limelight with so many people watching. You'll do what you think is right the next time something like this comes up.
Didnt expect this from you Doctor Mike. I saw you as a role model to look up to...Posting this apology on a smaller channel with just 72k is very cowardly of you,when it should've been on the main channel.I'm sorry but I'm unsubscribing.
Haters gonna hate.... And trolll We love u Doctor MIKE 🥰🥰
I was rooting for you. We were all rooting for you. You broke our hearts and left us extremely disappointed.
Don’t listen to anybody you’re doing just alright sweetie, we’re all human and sometimes people forget that
Your only sorry when you get caught bro....... Not buying it😑😑
Is it safe to engage with 14 people who professionally go to parties? No one is mad at CDC for your actions.
We all make mistakes that is true. The problem is that he trying to hide his mistakes to his 6.5 MILLION FOLLOWERS. He assumes that by posting his pathetic apology to this 70k sub channel, he is forgiven and can act like nothing has happened. He has made the decision to lessen the blow he should’ve faced for going to a super spreader boat party after telling his followers to obey the rules.
It is so disappointing that a person with such a big platform as yourself has done the bare minimum to apologize for actions we assumed you were against. The least you could have done was put this apology on your main channel. It all just feels like you have swept it under the rug. You are deceiving your nearly 7 million followers into thinking that you have been following all the rules that you’ve been promoting. This is not fair to them. The right thing to do is post this video to ALL your followers so they can decide for themselves if to still support your channel. For me, that is actually taking accountability.
Lame. I am still a fan, but seriously? Redo this, own up. And do it on the main channel!
God these comments are just. . . something. It's his health and if he takes the appropriate measures after returning home then who cares if he took a vacation?
Holy crap, y’all need to calm down. He’s human, he looked at all sides and made a calculated choice. Also, complaining that he has this on a different channel is just showing how not picky you’re being. He gave an apology, either take it or leave it, but no need to whine and complain about it. Did it personally affect you? Nope. Move forward.
a cheater and a mass deceiver talks about honesty..... oh really?
Dr.Mike I am a fan of you and I want to be completely honest with you and let you know this up front. You should post this on your main channel and not this channel so people can actually see that you apologized. And in this apology video you're not being really up front like everyone wants you to be up front. This can ruin your career as a doctor. You're not being responsible. I don't want to hate you, I really don't, Mike. I always go to your channel to learn things about the medical field. You need to stop this. Put this video on your main channel and honestly make a different video and actually apologize correctly. Be the man that you say you are and not the man that you say you won't be. Be responsible. I know you're better than this, Mike. You show it on your main channel all the time. You tell us to put masks on, you tell us to be responsible during this pandemic, but when you or whoever made that video showed us that you're not being responsible and then you make an apology video like this. It's very disappointing to see a Doctor that I look up to on youtube doing this. I hope you read this comment because you really need to. I hope people like this comment enough so you can see it.
Bad actors , conspiracy theorist  lol wut ?! u didnt follow your own rules . now becuse of Y.O.U no c=young childer who watch your main channel will doubt Covid ," Honest " bruh  like you are an godam influnser u influence peopel .
Just give him break everyone makes mistakes he is not superhuman!
I would have believed this apology if it was on your main channel. THAT was ANOTHER choice. I’m so disappointed. I looked up to you. From one young person to another, we make mistakes. But this...was not.
At least he apologized
Can someone PLEASE explain what happened???
Hi, I’m Doctor Mike - I set advice backed up by clear factual evidence. But should I follow them and lead by example?  PPFFFFF NO!
We are human. No need to apologize for your human tendencies. We've had a rough year & you wanted to have fun. You DESERVE to have fun! But as one of your Top Fans, I accept you apology & can't wait to see more of your content. Much love in Spokane Washington ♡
Cancellations are in full effect 😂
A lot of people are saying he's trying to justify his actions or downplay them. But that isn't what I'm hearing. I'm hearing a human being trying to be honest about a mistake they made.  Here's the thing. I think that every single one of us has been faced with a similar situation during COVID-19. An event you show up to has unexpected guests...you end up needing to be around more people for longer than you planned during a shopping trip...you run into a store forgetting to put your mask on. With or without COVID-19, life happens and people mess up.  For me personally, this doesn't damage his credibility. As a medical professional, he was getting tested frequently. He knew, within reason, his risk to others was minimal. And he quarantined and tested multiple times upon returning from the trip, so again his risk to others was minimal. He didn't want to be rude to his friends after they surprised him, and he made a calculated risk. It was only in hindsight that he realized his action (while OK for him at a personal level) might send the wrong message and make it seem like this was something he was doing regularly all while telling everyone else to stay home.  I accept the apology, and I appreciate his response.
So basically the rules don't apply to influencers or you. You wouldn't have apologised if you didn't get caught lollll. I'm actually disappointed and my respect for you went 📉📉📉📉 but don't worry, I'll just carry on missing out on my education and seeing my relatives whilst you do whatever 🙃
Had to unsubscribe his main channel. Such cowardice not posting the apology there. I understand the pandemic is hard for everyone and it's tasking for mental health when you can't travel and see your family. People make mistakes and take risks, but he's not in a position to act so recklessly.
When he liked some comments who was mocking or being disrespectful toward 'Gabbie Hanna' ...from then I knew he was low key a shady person...and now he just proved how hypocrite he is ...can't trust anyone nowadays can we
I kinda forgive you, but you didn’t release this in your main channel, which says something! It says that you don’t really care about “apologising” to your “loyal viewers”, you’re basically saying “I’m human, I make mistakes like every one else”. Which is NOT good enough! I know you’re human, but you said to “wear a mask” at all times, serval times, but you, yourself... don’t do that? That’s really disappointing... just release this on your main channel, and if you ever do this again, don’t make it public. We don’t need it while what going on right now.
You’re a medical professional and a celebrity, so you’re held to a different standard. I’m sure people will still find your videos entertaining but you’ve lost a lot of credibility here.
Derek brought me here
Y’all need to chill. No one watching this video is perfect.
You’re over..... “I live alone, I’m not putting anyone at risk” sees thousands of patients a week... lmaooooo boyyyyyy
This is like when you catch a dog doing something bad, he's only sorry because he was caught
I didnt know this channel even existed until I looked in your community tab. Post it where it belongs
Post it on ur main channel, you probably already make 7 figures so it shouldn’t even affect you ❤️
The hypocrisy. You sir, you Didnt “mess up” You preach about wearing masks and all that stuff, but you clearly don’t give a single f*ck about basically everyone. You’ve taken a big dump on people, and honestly this is so disappointing. You said in the video you are an Human, sure but you clearly don’t have any form of actual common sense or any kind of sympathy. I’m not hating, I’m simply trying to say that you sir, indeed fucked up and has put everyone’s lives at risk because you simply had the opportunity. Preaching about something is something, but not taking action in the stuff you’ve preached about is another thing and I am so disgusted. Your stupidity has and def will affect people’s lives so good job doctor, you’ve put lives at risk. This isn’t a mistake, it’s simply a choice that you made, a choice you could have not taken by using your brain properly. Posting an apology well knowingly that a lot of people Don’t know about this channel really honestly speaks so much about you and what kind of person you are, this is me losing respect. I thought you were a somewhat decent and sympathetic human, but it really didn’t match up and I have lost all respect for you. This is disgusting behavior and I wanna throw up by the hypocrisy.  Edit: And not to mention the audacity he has to say hey I messed up, but here’s why It’s okay. As all of the excuses and horrible choices he’s made, he said in the video about how he didn’t want to be a contributor to people downplaying this pandemic or questioning the legitimacy when he indeed is, he is a contributor to those people who clearly lack common sense that question or down play this current pandemic, congratulations doctor, you’re a hypocrite.
So.  Why not post on main channel
This whole pandemic is a scam. The governors imposing these regulations don’t even follow them.
Dude you’re human. People need to stop looking at you like a “God” and realize that you are a human being. However, those you hangout with (as well as yourself) need to be more concerned about how their actions (like posting on social media) can affect your reputation both as a doctor as well as someone whom people look up to 🤷‍♀️
Ive been fighting cancer this year and believe me or not I don’t think we should view him badly. The pandemic has been hard on everyone and I understand how doctors would be stressed as well. Unless there’s evidence that says he’s been doing this repeatedly, then I’d think otherwise.
I just need blanket and home alone at my house. PERIODT.
Why are people putting this guy down? We should move on and I think that’s the problem nowadays, people holding onto this kind of behaviour. But they’re just too unaware of this to see this.
I’m also very cautious with the virus.. and also went to a party and decided that it was the worst mistake.. we are humans and we make mistakes. Doctors also need to blow some steam and enjoy their life’s :) let him be. He’s saving lives and he is An amazing source of real news when it comes to medicine!
Honestly I get it. I’m actually a lot more angry at his friend for putting him in this situation, he knows mike is a doctor. Its been nearly a year of this situation and none of us have really gotten to do thing we normally like to do, whether you are a person who follows covid guidelines or not. His friend, without his knowledge, created a situation where he’d be hard pressed to say no. Lets say, in a hypothetical, doctor mike is a person who was a starved in captivity for weeks, recently released, and now his friend brought him a porterhouse steak and buttery potatoes which was bought and paid for and probably non refundable. He really shouldn’t eat this meal because his body isn’t used to this very rich food and would most likely end up sick and possibly vomit. He knows the taste and he wants it, plus the effort of his friend would go to waste and he’d take a loss. If anyone who watches this video were placed in a similar situation I have absolutely certainty that the outcome wouldn’t be different. Btw I know that I just typed a whole a*s paragraph defending him but I still do think Mike screwed up pretty bad , and his apology was a little weak but i think its was just him explaining his reasoning of how it came to the outcome, which I believe he was in a similar situation in a video about a patient complaint (selling it too hard) anyway I think it’s important take a step back and be objective of how someone as zealous about health like mike got into the situation he was in and what steps he’s going to take to rectify his mistake. I know the one most angry at Mike is himself and that migraine he gets every time he thinks about it is already punishment enough.
What bothered me a lot is that I feel really lied to :  -you are a doctor that parties and  doesn't wear a mask during a pandemy - you make people believe that you're like the perfect  holier than thou nerdy Shyish physician man and then we see you on a yacht with alcohol, bikini girls like you were a frat bro ? The image that you put out is far from the truth. That's why your words will sound fake
You’re not sorry. You’re sorry for being caught . Hypocrite & how sad bringing your dad into this you knew what you flew too.
I'm fine with him, ppl made mistakes during this pandemic. If it already happened, i can't really do anything abt it. All i can do is not do it in the future. So, I'll let this be, atleast he apologize. Doesn't matter where he put it, the main thing is he did apologize.
You messed up because you got caught.  Don't attack the science. Haha. Masks are useless just like someone else I'm watching.
Why apologize for living your life? Relax hypocrites.
In Brazil we call it "biscoiteiro".
People need to chill out 🙄 nobody is perfect.
I don't see what's wrong here
Hope ya get the coof, mate.
Why didn't you post this on your main channel chief. Practice what you preach!! smh
Its not that you went partying, its the fact you've been telling us for months how serious this pandemic is
Wow very disappointing to see you did this when YOU have told us to wear masks, social distance, DON’T travel yet YOU didn’t follow your own advice. You are a doctor that works I’m a hospital around sick people you of all people should know better. I haven’t seen my grandmother in a YEAR because she is 80 years old who has immune issues and it’s because of people like YOU who don’t follow protocol that I probably won’t see her for another year. All I want to do is hug my grandmother because she is the only grandparent I have left. I’m very disappointed in you Dr Mike......very disappointed.
I've loved your channel for quite a long time now. It always felt genuine. But people do as you do and not what you say. You can not preach one thing and do another. I truly didn't expect this from you of all people. I held you in high regards but I can't do that anymore. This is not okay.
I don't like you anymore :(
I loved him and idolised him...but this doesn't sound like an apology, sound like justification "i'm sorry but i wasn't that bad" Still don't be mean, He is still human..we all mess up.
You are no longer reliable
I don’t get why are people are mad he literally risks his life everyday and the one time he wants to have fun it’s a issue with everyone he is stressed all the time and yes he was a dumbass for going to a party but people should worry about themselves if he would’ve gotten infected that would’ve been his own fault it was his decision so why is everyone hating on him when their are people throwing huge parties all the time risking hundreds of people why aren’t people hating on trump when he fucking made a rally where thousands of people probably got infected he just made one mistake probably from all the stress he has been dealing with this whole year
POST THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL
I came here from Observe's video analyzing your body language. Before that I'd only recently found your channel. You seemed like a genuinely caring, positive guy. But now... I'm not sure what to make of you. I want to believe that this was really just a lapse in judgement, but the hypocrisy of it all and what you did after the fact just bothers me to no end. Furthermore, it's cowardly of you to put this on your smaller channel instead of your main. I don't intend to come off as mean, but it just seems like you're hiding when you do it this way. It's disheartening to watch you pretend nothing happened on your main channel. I get that backlash is scary, but this isn't the way to go about this. If you're truly sorry, then put this on your main channel and actually take accountability. Not just excuse and justify. You know how this is effecting people, and yet you made this decision. We all make poor decisions, but by doing things this way you're really only digging yourself into a bigger hole. After some debate, I've decided to unsubscribe. I know you have a pretty large following, and so it won't matter. But I just can't watch your content anymore without feeling angry, let down, and like I'm being lied to. I feel like I can no longer trust you. Again, I know we're all human and make bad choices, but the way you handled this by just sweeping it under the rug is just wrong. I still want to assume the best from you, so I hope you grow from this and become a better person.
Excuses... you very obviously thought of no one, but yourself... just another "rules for thee, not for me"... We all wish we could have an escape too, but hey we are clearly not you. Party on Doc, I am so sure you will! Lost all respect for you... so glad you are not the physician for anyone I know.
Forget being a doctor, he's a professional hypocrite 😃
While going through videos on the main channel to dislike, I realized he's been making a LOT of money from COVID-19 videos. He's just like the rest of the rich and entitled: make money off the mass and rules don't apply to him 🤑🤑🤑
I had to go unsubscribe from your other channel and this one. Why didn't you say anything on the main channel? Not cool man. I really looked up to you.
Ngl I’m really disappointed.
ya’ll he messed up, he admitted to it, he apologized, he posted it on community tab on his MAIN CHANNEL- what else do you want him to do, go back and change it? he can’t, so if y’all are just gonna not forgive him and continue to bash him in the comments, UNSUBSCRIBE
Please shut up! u didn’t mess up, you’re just a hypocrite
So fake!! Post it on your main or are you scared of the real backlash! If so why did you do it! You knew better
What a joke of a man! Staged and hidden on his second channel! Put it on your main account!!!!!
Honestly, he made a mistake... he knew he was wrong, he learnt his lesson and he stayed safe... he was wrong and we can't deny that but, he is also just like the rest of us.... for some of us, we still gather with relatives & friends without a mask, even me...and some of us who are here...behind a screen, all of us are criticizing him while we can't deny he's still young, he made a mistake and he has apologized.... so, could we just drop it before anyone else get's hurt by the hate ?? Please.... we've heard more than enough cases about people dying cuz  of hate... we shouldn't let this be one of those cases.
Why is everyone mad that he is still living life. LIFE GOES ON. Not his fault you guys keep living in fear. If it was such a "pandemic" he wouldnt even have time to go to miami or let alone upload youtube videos. We all got scammed.
I like to watch Doctor Mike’s videos but, this makes me really disappointed. I don’t justify his actions but, I agree we all make mistakes. This changes my opinion on him in a way but I will continue to watch. He messed up and I think this needs to be on his main channel.
This isn't on your main channel because you hope that if someone didn't know about your lies they wouldn't find out. You don't take covid-19 serious.
When I didn’t know this channel even existed so never knew this dude fucked up in some way. I don’t wanna spend time watching or listening so if someone can recap really quickly 😂
Put this "apology" on your main channel!!! Oh....I get it...you don't want to ruin your "brand"....
🙄
I gotta say this but dr mikes shirts are like one big blood pressure machine (not a hate comment I luv ur vids)
Post this on your main channel!!! Ur cancelled dr mike
Having a degree doesnt make you mature and wise thats for sure
In Asia, you take off your shirt off when you apologize
Disappointing 👎🏻
Hmmm this is terrible Justification.
Aww 😭😭 Me: Apology accepted. 💯  That's true we are all human.We made mistake,everbody made a mistake.And it's unavoidable.  I still love you Doctor Mike! 💞💞😘😘😘😊
I really appreciate when people (like yourself) step up and admit they were wrong. People make mistakes we are human! Let’s just forgive what he did and move on. He’s apologized give him the benefit of the doubt that he’s learned from his mistake !
Cancel dr mike
You people are so full of yourselves, its actually fucking hilarious. If I was in a position of power and influence I would crush and rain down malice on yall and most wouldn't even bat an eye. People are always so quick to wanna make the bad things a norm in what is already a shity world and society, that they're willing to ignore all the good thats been done ever.
If you really mean it post a real apology on your main channel
i must say mike,i dont hate you,but im very disappointed...in your actions and this apology
Hey, just one question, would you have done the video if you were not caught?
Ok he did something wrong but ppl really need to calm down ur being extremely cruel
it's time i unsubscribe. i've been avoiding your main videos ever since you decided to post this on your second channel, so i might as well. if you had made a more sincere apology and posted it on your main, i would've stuck around. your subscribers who stick around after seeing all this? it just seems like your community will be lower quality now. you probably don't care, which isn't great. i'd be sad to lose smart and caring people.   anyway, i'm allowed to say my piece, so. that's it.
People are mad, but they don’t understand that he was following medical regulations for COVID
i say everyone is shooting him because he’s famous, if he wasn’t famous on youtube nobody would even spare a glance isn’t it? also i never said he didn’t do anything wrong but it’s just that people would actually say things just because he’s known on youtube and everywhere. imagine he never started making videos and never got famous, would you really care to talk to them?
I wasn't even aware this was a think till I came to this channel......
My grandma is spending Christmas alone and hasn’t even put up decorations. She spent thanksgiving the same way. All because my brother and I are “essential workers” and people refuse to wear masks in stores and are out with their friends. As a doctor you don’t really have an excuse to do any of this.
This is super disappointing man.
Bullshit.  Its really not hard to stay home... Or mask up... Sanitize.
Bro this isn’t even an apology. You didn’t take any responsibility you just excused yourself and didn’t even upload this to your main channel not to mention this video is only five minutes long. Suspicious bruh
You’re only sorry you got caught.
You just lost a subscriber, very disappointed
Do what you want, people are just salty
oof. blegh. this is gross. this is literally a 'i'm sorry you feel that way' instead of a 'i'm sorry for doing that'. like, forget the boat, bish what were you even doing in florida? was it essential?
Just another “rules for thee not for me” hypocrite. Must be nice to be able to party not wearing a mask on a private boat while thousands of people are unemployed and forced into quarantine. You are part of the reason this pandemic is going to drag on.
Wow Im really did not expect this at all. I feel like it will blow over but I do wish he had put this on his main channel. It unfortunately has changed the way I see them now.
Reminds me of Logan Paul.
It is very difficult to respect your medical opinion at this point.  That you put this apology here instead of your main channel just shows how sincere it is.  Ugh, this is gross.
The irony is if he wore a mask at that party people probably wouldn’t have recognized him
I applaud and support your apology, especially you emphasizing the need to continue to follow scientific guidelines. The "impact" of what you did is not the issue, but rather your behavior. What you did wasn't a "mistake," it was being reckless.
Are you really so unethical that you’re gunna keep posting as if you didn’t party with a bunch of Instagram influencers?  You chose to be a doctor, but here you are pretending that you made some “mistake”, but was it really a mistake though since it’s your career path? Something you’re trained on, and reminded of every day? I know people who had to attend funerals on ZOOM. but you can have your birthday yacht party cause you’re a YouTube doctor?   Tell me how that makes sense. And the fact that what you did is fueling anti-government antivax conspiracy theorists is the ultimate unforgivable point.  Everyone who wants this pandemic to subside needs to put in UNWAVERING effort, especially medical professionals. And then there’s YouTube doctor, Mike.   Mike even be deserved to be called doctor mike, he’s just mike.
Do this on the main channel.
Y'all need to stop acting like you've never broken covid guidelines. Everyone has, even if just once. Nobody's perfect. Berating him for this is entirely hypocritical.
Hey Dr Mike, you're doing good. You're ok. It's tough. I work in front line healthcare too. I had a very bad experience during April where a covid test delayed some emergency surgery I needed. I went septic and was very close to dying because surgeons literally refused to operate without a negative result. I was negative, but it was 18 hrs of agony as I bleed internally while waiting. My doctor recently saw me face-to-face for the first time since April. He said he felt the situation amounted to malpractice, because of the terrible physical and psychological state it left me in. I lost my job as I couldn't function,  and had to go on disability due to the unnecessary delay. At one point I had contemplated suicide, I was so ruined from the sepsis damage. I've gone clinically deaf and suffer neuropathy. I'm in my 30s. But to hear what the Dr said made me feel valid. I had said my care was awful, but people shut me down for crying ill of the health service during the pandemic. Like I was some spoiled child. Since then, others have bashed my Dr for low-key criticising the NHS during covid. But he is right, and I for one was glad to hear it said. I managed to go back to working in the NHS part-time. I'll never let it happen to someone else with me on the job! We're all under mental stress. Some worse than others. Some pay a price for covid, despite not having it. I followed the rules, I saved the public. I still serve. It's a crises. It's hard. Humans did this to me "because" of covid. Frankly there are things WORSE than covid, but no one gave me the choice to take that risk. I paid the price to save strangers. I'll pay for the rest of my life. I wish the surgeon had analysed the risk in context: I'm young, I live alone, I had no covid symptoms. I used to be so fit. I needed surgery immediately. But covid came first... We're all human. Mistakes are made. You have to move on. All of you. If I can, you can.  RIP old me.
Apology accepted Dr Mike
You were my idol... I looked up to you so that maybe one day I can be a good doctor. You are Doctor! You should have take extra precautions. You shouldn't even went to any unnecessary places aside for your work. I'm really disappointed, and trying to justify your acts made me lose more respect.
💔
This is why I ~unsubscribed~ because liars don't deserve it
Why would you post this on your smaller channel
Disappointed that this is not on your main channel. Stop being scared of losing subs
Unsuscribed from your main channel. I'm disappointed.
Why did you upload it here and not on your main channel? I don't think I have ever been so disappointed in a public figure. I value your opinion a lot. You are human and you are fallible. There's been so much pressure and covid fatigue is a real thing. We all make mistakes, it happens.  But why did you not own up to yours properly? I didn't even know about this until a video from My Thoughts Will Probably Offend You came up on my recommended feed. You are capable of doing so much better, this is a really bad way to handle this.
Okay I’ve seen plenty of negative comments and I don’t think people realise that he said that he is sorry for everyone of us and he is after all a HUMAN BEING and we all make mistakes. Yes he messed up but he apologised. We are all in this pandemic together and I hope we all maintain some positivity through this tough time
UNFOLLOWED
You’re loved by your fans, and we more than understand what happened. People need to stop looking for a target. I’m also Russian, came here around the same age, and you and I are pretty much the same age, but I’m female.. I wanted to mention that because, wowza, I just woke up from a very detailed dream and you were a friend of my family. We were on vacation, we broke away from the group, and in my dream, you were a blast and incredible to hang out with. This has nothing to do with your apology, nor do I think you owe an apology, I just wanted wanted to comment. ;) Take care of yourself, Doctor Mike.
Everybody, wear a mask not just for yourself, but everyone else
You lost tons of credibility, dude.
"Stay at home have a zoom party," he said whilst going on a yacht with 15 insta models, while the max capacity was recommended at 10. Post this on your main channel and own up man. This looks hella sus
You sus dr mike i hope you do better next time and if you do screw up again and you got caught again. Post your apology video on the main channel next time. *fingers crossed* you disappoint your fans people who look up to you.. sad times..
WHY ARE PEOPLE MAD HE FOLLOWED THE RULES, *CHILL* EVEN ME! MY DAD IS A DENTIST AND I MORE AWARE THAN HIM The problem isn’t with mike, its with the fans
Seeing a doctor with a huge social media following act as though we aren't in a pandemic will encourage people to invalidate it, which, as you said, disrespects everyone on the front lines who has devoted the last year of their lives to protecting people from this. What better ammunition for denial is there than someone with your status acting as though there isn't a threat? They don't care that you're saying it was wrong now. That damage is done.  The calculated risk you chose to take had negative repercussions that should have been foreseen. Any resulting impact on your credibility as a doctor and influencer is deserved. Like it or not, you're held to a higher standard, and your personal and professional lives are blended when you choose to make them public. Actions will always speak louder than words, especially actions that contradict words. People can smell hypocrisy from a mile away.  You know what else people can smell from a mile away? Bullshit.  If I were you, I would post a real, unscripted apology to your main channel. Humanize yourself more than saying "I'm a human, and humans make mistakes." I'd hope you can promise to not make THIS mistake again. Admit that you got swept away by the thought of having a few days of not thinking about COVID (or whatever it was you were thinking about when you went to Miami), and in doing so, you went against your own advice and potentially put people at risk. It's a lot easier to forgive THAT guy than the guy who is posting arguably-irrelevant screenshots of recommendations in an attempt to minimize the effects of his actions.  Your job is important, and your platform is important. Deal with the consequences of posting about this on your main channel, even if it means telling people you did this if they didn't already know. Those who are going to unsubscribe will unsubscribe, but this will eventually blow over. Once the wound isn't so fresh, people will follow you for your funny and charismatic way of promoting a healthy lifestyle.
No need for an apology
the fact that you post this on side channel makes me question about sincerity of this clip
Dr...no. With all due respect, apology first, excuses never. You did harm the medical message. This can be used against doctors every time we tell people to use masks.
“this is a mistake” yeah a mistake that can cost people their lives. I expected more from you doc. Im not mad , just disappointed
Yes, he messed up, and he admitted that, he's not making excuses. But I can't stand the people who have completely turned on him for one mistake. This is our problem, people love a certain person on the internet until something comes out, then they turn. No, he shouldn't have done what he did, it was dumb, but he deserves a second chance, and if you were really a fan, you would still stick with him. If this comment gets flak, that just proves my point.
Come on guys don't be so harsh everybody makes mistakes no one is perfect even doctors make mistakes even the most educated people make mistakes because they're still humans so please don't be too harsh on him he already admitted his mistakes and that's enough. And doctor Mike pls post this on your main channel so that they will know that you're sincere about your apology.
Wait,read this...  He said that his friends surprised him right??Then how did he do the research on wearing masks in water if he didn't know that they we're going on a yacht???He also said that the risks are low but whatever happens it is still a risk!!  Yikes,this so called "apology" is already scripted yet he still messed it up?Doctor you didn't act like a doctor back there,you acted like a famous,good looking,influencer that's like "Mind your own business and watch me enjoy my life while you are there staring at your screen quarantining"  And also the fact that he posted this on a channel that is not that well known,probably so he wont lose subscribers to the people who do not know about the drama yet...
If didn’t like how he handled this mistake the leave the channel because now isn’t over a done with an attacking him is so pointless not saying it’s ok but just the way it is
Nobody is perfect. I'm willing to bet many people commenting have been out at least once during the pandemic. It was a mistake none the less but don't act like you've been perfect throughout all of this.
RIP you gone fucked up I was a fan oh well.
I didn’t even know you posted this because it’s not on your main channel. I didn’t even know this channel existed. Why aren’t you being transparent over there? I had a lot of trust in you.
Rules for thee but not for me ✨
4:18 Okay, sure. But you CAN promise to not make THIS mistake again. That's a very easy thing for you to do
Okay but if he fallowed all the rules and guidelines and if you are pissed at that, you are not mad at him you are mad at the guidelines. If you are angry at someone that fallowed the rules then you really need to take a step back.
How many of you guys went to a families house for thanksgiving or are planning to go on Christmas ? How are you any better than him ?
Hypocrite
I love how he wears glasses for this video shows how much more serious he can be
Say sorry to our elderly, say sorry to our amino-compromised, say sorry to our loved ones who we can’t visit, say sorry to all the people who have lost a family member, say sorry to everyone who has lost their jobs, say sorry to all the people who are in the hospital alone right now. YOUR ACTIONS MATTER. Be remembered as someone who did their best this pandemic.
I’m so disappointed. Stop making excuses. Stop justifying your actions. I don’t get to have Christmas with my loved ones this year yet, you get to party on a boat... regardless of it you live alone or with others the virus WILL spread, at grocery stores, gyms, etc (AND YOU ARE A FREAKING DOCTOR!!! How did you not think that through???)
He's just being like: Even though I did the complete opposite of what I advised people to, and was totally irresponsible and stupid, aren't I allowed to have fun too from time to time??!
This video should be titled "Admitting that I was caught"
I’m very disappointed in you. You KNOW better. You KNOW what you did wrong but failed to acknowledge it.
This apology does not make logical sense to me. Finding out the specifications of a boat to allow for social distancing sounds good on paper as long as the party-goers actually stay apart from each other. The photograph shows everyone crowding together for a picture, which means that the guests were not asked to stay separate. Doctor Mike kind of glossed over that he stayed at his father’s apartment. Did he expose his father? What precautions were taken? And then there was a quick mention that he took quarantine measures once back in New York. What specifically? Did he quarantine for two weeks or two days? The lack of specifics made left me with the impression of insincerity.
Oh he got caught. 😂    Come on people, joke on him for being a hypocrite, but he isnt a bad guy.     This apology explained is cheesy. Its like a frat boy apology for some college hijinks. Caught red handed, Mikey Mike, lol.  😂      I think he will live. No real harm except it tarnishes his public integrity a little bit like a politician with that do as I say, not as I do attitude.   Eh, forgiven. Just dont make it a habit.
You're such a wimp. Put this on your main channel and face up to it like a man.
Your like Gavin newsome
Who's here after watching "Observe's" video?
I don’t make a habit of celebrating my birthdays very much. Usually just a family dinner, maybe meeting a friend. For my 30est birthday in spring 2020 however, my boyfriend and I planned to go to NYC to celebrate. Of course our flights were cancelled and we got moved into lockdown instead. I spent my birthday at home with my partner, only going for a short walk and then having a takeaway dinner at home because I thought it was important to abide by the rules and help prevent the spread of the virus. As a doctor and a public figure that openly told everybody to comply with the rules, it’s a joke that you clearly feel the rules don’t apply to you. Sounds like celebrity has gone to your head at the cost of your integrity. Unsubscribed.
You don't have to be so hard on yourself, anyone who pays attention to your message knows that you fall under democrats influence. Covid 19 is real, but it's also like a flu. Your support of the ambiguous Dr. Faucci leaves room for interpretation when following the guidelines. It's just, it's only people in power or high standing that are able to afford to travel during these hard times. That is contributing to the backlash you are receiving. People are mad they can't be like you, and that's not your fault. If anything, I would use this opportunity to assess your standing in the blue community.   Thank you for everything you do Dr. Mike, Happy Belated Birthday 🎉
Your friends rented a boat. Let me guess: the friends are the three guys in the photo. Somehow I can't believe that all those 20 year old bikini clad women were your close personal friends. Also, your friends are both idiots and extremely inconsiderate.
Okay seeing as everyone else is going to hate, I'm going to be the kind comment. Everyone messes up, even doctors. He apologised. He checked the guidelines. Allow it. Stop making these comments behind a screen. I bet so many of you have broken social distancing rules at some point.
The fact this is here and not on your main channel. Getting tired of these dumb apologies. This is so scripted.
Where are these friends who throw surprise birthday parties on boats. Where do I find them.
Just plain dumb. All credibility lost.
it's how on your main channel you're acting like you did nothing for me
Lol
Half of u didnt even watch the whole video and it shows
We all make mistakes but only true men can admit them dr mike thank you for what you are doing for the community and giving us valuable information and being honest
Calm down he made a mistake and is admitting up to it. Yeah sure he could have posted this on his main channel but he’s a human. Doctors aren’t perfect, they do their best and try hard to save lives. He made a mistake, a big one but at least he’s owning up to it. He’s okay being attacked but still trying to spread the message. Just because he’s a doctor doesn’t mean he is perfect. He made a mistake and he admitted it. We’re all human and make mistakes. Many people are affected by this and he knows this, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t make a mistake. He try’s his best to be a good doctor and he knows he is wrong. Please don’t be so harsh with him because he is doing his best but made a mistake on the way.
this didn't not age well by the looks of the comments.
Disgrace to your profession and slap in the face to all those Doctors working +12-hour shifts taking care of COVID-19 patients. Real piece of human gargabe.
The title should say, "Not Admitting When I'm Wrong."
Honestly, yes humans make mistakes, we're not perfect. But when you only post this on your smaller channel where your main audience can't see it, makes me feel extremely manipulate by you. This is no the same doctor I used to praise and look up to. Just a hypocrite manipulating his audience.
So...are we just pretending now that this never happened?
Hmmmm idk about this..🤔
Congrats on stepping all over your own message and hurting our profession - fellow physician
Guy brakes his own rules he holds over others because he clearly doesn’t take it seriously and he calls US bad actors? Hahaha.
If we each were permitted to decide for ourselves what Risk Level was ok for us, we wouldn’t need mandates.
“For me, the risk Level was ok. “  What about all the people you put in danger? I thought this wasn’t about “me”, but protecting others?
I get that people is upset, I honestly get why, but I also think he is a human being. His actions have consequences but also the ones of those people expressing all this hate in the comments. No one is perfect, neither he is.
Just don't do that again...
The fact you're trying to JUSTIFY a boat party is utterly disgraceful and embarrassing. Shame on you.
This sounds more to me like a “I’m sorry I got caught”  Put this on your main channel with the 6m+ subs
He has shown you that even he doesn't believe the virus is that bad. Actions speak louder than words, and he has most loudly said that the virus is not dangerous.
"I live alone and so im not putting others in risk" Uhm sir you are a doc and seeing patients that you could infect but okay
Guys. Stop attacking him! He made a mistake! We are all human! We all make stupid mistakes. He apologised and he's sorry and knows what he did was wrong. So please just stop attacking him when he made a small mistake.
Honestly, I don't care what you do..🤷 IMO, you did nothing wrong.   You can't just live in a bomb shelter your whole life.
Well at least you're not infected.
Oof, all my esteem and respect is gone... it kinda hurts.  How about putting that on your main channel?
most of you idiots don't get what this really means. it isn't that he's a hypocrite - it's that he knows COVID is really just a bad cold that's LESS deadly than the normal seasonal flu. if he was really concerned about his health, i mean, really concerned, he wouldn't have left his home. period.
I don't like how people are turning on him so quickly. He did something wrong. He apologized. He's human. He literally puts in so much effort and has been doing so for years trying to provide us with information. I don't know a single person who followed every single guideline during this pandemic. I'm not saying this to make excuses but this doctor has helped so many people, I can't turn my back on him because he did one thing wrong. No one is perfect, but he sure as hell has tried to be for us. We should be able to forgive him.
The first minute and a half of this video consist of Dr. Mike making excuses. Then, two minutes in, he pretends that he’s not making excuses by saying that despite all of it, he knows he “messed up.” Dr. Mike, you didn’t mess up. What you did, is you put people and their families at risk of contracting a highly contagious disease that has so far killed 1.6 million people worldwide. What you did, is you decided that despite the pandemic, you would, as a doctor, ignore the risks and throw a party on a boat, a party in which no one wore masks. You say you thought of the risks and that, as a healthy, young, single man living alone, you came to the conclusion that the risks for you were low. What this tells me is that you clearly only thought of the risks this boat party would pose for you, not for others. If you truly want to take responsibility for your actions, post this apology to your main channel, where all of your fans can see it. Stop making excuses, stop pretending you’re a victim, and own up to your mistakes.
Life is risk assessment. Treating patients is risk assessment. Dr. Mike did what he assessed was appropriate risk for him, and the other people involved here did the same thing. The hate in these comments is ridiculous. He even said he quarantined and took appropriate measures when he got back which is more than most people would do in this situation. Give the guy a break, he’s been a frontline essential worker for 9 months of the “2 weeks to stop the spread” plan. He’s not perfect, he’s still a human and we need to recognize that everyone, including Mike, has their own choice to make about the risk they are willing to take. Not only that, but these comments are tearing him apart for a normal activity that did not see anyone become infected for doing...as the vaccine is being distributed. Sending prayers and love your way Mike. Take it easy and don’t listen to most of these hate comments. We all continue to take precautions and assess our own level of risk as we go about our lives.
you have no integrity. we have no reason to believe anything you say. you dont take this virus seriously you are a hack
Rules for thee but not for me.
I am so so confused now. This man is an idol to me and now I just don't know what to believe, I truly don't know I literally just stumbled upon this, why? Because I was having a rough and I'm sure many others have too. I decided "Yeah lemme go search up Dr.Mike and feel better" because you always make me feel better and the first thing I see is "Doctor Mike Scandal" now I sit here in shock not knowing what to do or think because I'm just so heart broken it's like my mind caved in on itself with all of these. Haha but what does it matter right? I'm a random stranger on the internet that you don't even know exists yet I feel so affected. Sorry for wasting everyone's time I guess but it just sucks..
...and there are likes on this video because...?
I am so disappointed in you. Put this on your main channel
Disgusting. Shame on you Dr Mike. You were one of the few professionals I trusted regarding covid. I've lost all respect for you not only as a doctor but as a human being. You're a coward and a hypocrite.
Hope the instagram models were worth it.
Guys, everyone makes mistake. He did something wrong and he feels guilty to and he understood its a mistake. We know...”post this on your main channel”...someone said it..you don't have to repeat it. Also, I am pretty sure he put in clips channel because it's NOT a video about medical and stuff. Its just a separate video for apology. Also this got popular everywhere so if you really want everyone to see it, you got it. Everyone makes mistakes...EVERYONE... What if you were him...most people in that situation would be not apologizing or not telling the truth. Now just get over it and stay safe guys!
Thank you for admitting you were wrong. We all are humans, and for those bashing him, y'all are perfect humans?
If you were not caught? Would you apologize?
Impact often matters less than intention, for sure. So sorry that you are having to learn this lesson this way.
Your a literal doctor. It doesn’t matter if you live alone... your treating vulnerable patients!
Does Dr. Mike work in a hospital in NY? Or a doctor's office? I ask only because this may be his issue. I believe he understands the severity of COVID, we all see the devastating numbers,  BUT unless you have your eyes on what is actually happening in the hospitals, it's easy to feel detached. I'm an RN in a Michigan hospital. When I encounter individuals not taking COVID precautions seriously, all I want to do is hold their hand, walk them through our ICU mainly full of 40 to 60 year old patients, proned, vented, with no visitors, and with the smallest sliver of a chance coming off that vent alive.   Dr. Mike is smart. He's a doctor. He's been briefed on COVID 19, and he knows how to educate people.  However his actions on the party boat are giving me a "I work in an outpatient setting,  and I honestly haven't laid my eyes on the critically ill and critically full ICUs" vibe. You would not see one of the doctors that I work with, exhibiting that behavior. No way.
I forgive you :3
Im Turned off☹☹
It's okay, no big deal
guys, the video still gets lots of views, more than a lot of older videos of him. so take a chill pill, it's apparently uncomfortable for him.
So sad when you messed up once and the beautiful world you had built instantly turns to stab you.
I mean he already apologized and we shouldn’t just take this one time mistake and magnify his problem. We should still remember all the amazing things he did to help people, med students etc.... a reason to why he might not post it to his main channel is that those viewers might not even know about this, and he’s just decreasing the chances of people that might be influenced to not take Covid seriously
As a long time subscriber of you, I was severely disappointed when seeing those photos and most of all hearing this "apology". I looked up to you, I wanted to become a med student because I admired you and your work. For me, this is the fall of a myth personally.  I was so dedicated, watching your videos and learning more and more things. What happened literally broke every lil hint of respect I have for you. You acted hypocritical and most of all attempted to "excuse yourself". People are dying out there, people are doing sacrifices because of this virus. And to see one of the people who was so dedicated to fighting misinformation and preaching about staying home...look away and do the complete opposite is literally heartbreaking. You're a doctor, a family doctor. You should've known better. I unsubbed and unfollowed from all your social media platforms and channel. There's no point in admiring and looking up to someone that does not respect even what he preaches so much. This teached me a valuable lesson: nobody is worthy of being "idolized", even the most unsuspected people.
I'm unsubbing.
I am so disappointed in you.
I am sharing this video with everyone I know.
You are being used, you dolt!
Hoaxalicious
I’m sorry Dr Mike. I agree everyone makes mistakes but if u posted this “apology” on your main channel  I would be more sympathetic. This happened last month yet I barely hear about it. I follow your main channel and hadn’t seen anything about this in my recs from you other other creators exposing you.    I can see regular people going out and having fun against guidelines for a day but they might be more able to fully quarantine for a couple weeks after their fun time. You are doctor in the middle of a pandemic where doctors and medical staff are greatly needed  in emergencies so for you to have this attitude about it is really disheartening.  If u are needed but u can’t go help because you’re quarantining yourself Because of your own selfish actions is sad.
This is such an awkward position as a long-time fan. I don’t like this apology. It feels manipulative. All we needed was “sorry, I was wrong and I’ll make up for it. I’ll address the damage, and I won’t do it again.” The trust a lot of us had on him and his advice is undermined. What I see here is... justifying and deflecting, then making himself a victim for people that “use” him to justify lax pandemic behavior. I didn’t come here to feel sorry for him. I don’t expect him to be perfect, but at the same time he always talked about how much responsibility he felt for being a public figure AND a doctor. What he did was hypocritical. I’m all for growing and learning for mistakes, but it needs to show that the lesson was learned and there’s genuine change. I would’ve loved to see him set an example for everyone by showing how to vacation safely during COVID times: showing his process of self-quarantine afterwards, taking time off work, etc. But he didn’t do that. He followed bare minimum regulations, and made a bad apology for it. I feel sad to unsubscribe, but it’s the manipulative apology for me.
Lame, dude!
Amused.  Haha, what a sham.  Not on his main channel, and not even a decent apology.  I used to respect you, but I no longer can.  And blaming your failings on “conspiracy theorists” is lame.  You chose to go along with the COVID-19 lockdown bullshittery, so now you are subject to your own rules.  And considering that more people have died from lockdown-related suicides than the actual Coronavirus, maybe you should consider that maybe your COVID-19 preachiness has been misplaced.
If Covid was that deadly you would have worn a mask out of fear and 'science". You would have "social distanced" too.  I've been enjoying some of your videos.  Unlike too many people, I don't regard human doctors or human scientists as gods.  You did mess up. Don't blame others who don't trust 'the science" which is being treated like a used-care sales tool to coerce people into lockdown and vaccines - accompanied by police harassment.
I honestly don't see this as something you need to apologize for.  Not if everything he said was true.  If he truly was quarantining for 2 weeks before returning to New York, got tested (and had negative results), made sure to follow guidelines, made sure everyone *else* was following guidelines, then he's pretty much done everything he can to make sure everyone stays safe.  He's not exposing his patients if he's quarantined and tested negative.  However, I do agree that it is odd, and uncomfortable, that this is posted on a side channel.  I didn't even know this existed until I went into the comments of a recent main channel video.
I'm truly disgusted with you.
Wth is this ? Man dr Mike don’t turn into the rest of them pls !!!!! I really enjoy your videos !!
How come he didn’t put this on his main page?
im honestly just disappointed.  ive trusted this guy from the beginning of the pandemic and even before covid hit to give me reliable unbiased scientific data and while I've gathered information from other places I felt like this was one of the very few people who genuinely cared ab the message they were trying to spread and was trying their best with what they could.  I know its been super tough and I'm really glad that he took precautions while going on his trip but it's just really frustrating because it's people like dr mike who think they are the exception that is the reason that the pandemic has gone on for as long as it has.  Im a college student and I have a limited amount of time to have the "college experience" and me and all of my college friends have resisted meeting up and going on trips and celebrating birthdays and put all the fun we are supposed to be having on hold for the sake of our communities health and getting tested regularly for months now.  i think overall Dr. Mike has just lost my trust and respect.  everyone makes mistakes and no ones perfect and I get that but dont base your entire platform off of public health and claim that you want to help people if you arent going to practice what you preach.
You may disagree with me, but I think this is a good apology. Think about all of the famous bad apologies, Logan Paul, Ellen, etc., the entire time they are trying to take blame off of them selves, they use a bad childhood as an excuse, and all of that stuff. Here, he clearly admits that what he did was wrong. He did research beforehand, so it’s not like he just went out partying all willy nilly. It was a calculated risk, not an impulsive act. He knows what he did was wrong, he knows he screwed up royally, he knows he deserves hate. This is genuine an sincere, not him trying to get people off his back, or condone his actions. But yes, he probably should have posted this on his main channel.
This guy is a shill for the cabal.
I'm confused why so many people are comfortable saying "horrible person, narcissist, pathetic, ect serious/hurtful words" one mistake despite extremely irresponsible, it doesn't make him absolutely terrible and cruel, he just messed up and needs to face the issue head on. If you're gonna jump to canceling him and calling him harmful things then just unsubscribe and leave..saying negative things isn't helping anyone and by far you are probably making it harder for him to face this uneasy moment. He's been stommped on enough. Calm down and move on.
I understand that what he did was bad but he’s still a very intelligent person who made a mistake. I didn’t realize that everyone was perfect, even as a doctor, people make mistakes and bad calls. He is trying to protect himself because otherwise his whole reputation and YEARS  of school and practice all go to waste. Stop attacking him when there are bigger ‘celebrities’ doing much worse in this pandemic than him having a family get together.
No one is perfect.
Don't apologize. Why are you apologizing?? You did nothing wrong. We are in America. We have all of our freedoms. We have to assess our risk and use our wisdom and personal assessment to make sure we do the right thing. You apologizing to the mob has made me lose more respect for you then you going on a boat for your birthday. (Still love you tho Doctor Mike)
Apology accepted, was it a good party though?
I have never felt such...disappointment and  betrayal from anyone. I’m not a doctor but besides having to move I haven’t gone out anywhere since March. You sound and look incredibly insincere and the fact this is on your second channel really shows just how sorry you really are. Unsubscribing now...after 2 years of watching you. Shame
Thanks mike .. thanks
Fake apology because he was probably pushed into making it. Its not even on his main channel. Booooo 👎
Yes, you messed up and yes, we can forgive you.  However,  that maens absolutely NOTHING.   Now because of your conduct more people will think the virus isn't as serious as you "the people in power" (whatever🙄 if 300'000 deaths can't convice people to take this seriously "not thrusting media" is just an aesy excuse to be SELFISH A$$HOLES)  have been preaching. Now because you a)have the money and the possibility to take multiple testing; b) you can isolate yourself from your relatives and C)YOU CAN NOT WORK without worring about income  until you are cleared,  all your good work in educating millions of people is useless.   ps: also putting the apology on the side channel is a COWARDLY and HALFARSED move.
TLDR??
This comment section is so stupid. Y’all exaggerating
I believe you're being sincere. I can also imagine that you're already frustrated with yourself. And that you're getting so much flack from so many people. Yeah, you shouldn't have done it. Yeah, hypocrisy is annoying -even intolerable at times. But you know that,  and you honestly wish you hadn't done it. Everyone makes mistakes. As long as they know better and sincerely want to do better -- forgive them. Myself, and many others, easily forgive you. But I do have to say that the point of this apology is not just to reaffirm your reputation. More importantly, it's for retracting the example you set when you went out partying. People look to your judgement for reference. They look to you as an example. I feel like it's your responsibility to put this on your main channel to maximize the exposure to your audience and reverse any worrisome impressions given to them via your temporary lapse in judgment. I know that some people just apologize out of fear amongst this toxic cancel culture, but watching this video, I can tell that it's more than that. Thanks for trying your best. Stay happy and healthy! - Lily
why isn’t this posted on ur main channel 😐
Bro put this on your main channel
Dude, you’re a doctor. You’re supposed to be treating patients, why would you put them at risk out of selfishness?   The only "bad actor" here is you.
Such a gross person.
What a joke!!!!
You let yourself down! And sad thing is that you don’t realize
We are with you Doctor mike, you are a true inspiration 🙏🙏
Dissapointing yes, but I would still trust him with my life and anyone else's
Unsubbed from you and those in your circle who didn't publically lambast you. I am so disappointed in dr tube right now.
Sounds like he’s just mad he got caught. Psh, and they wonder why people don’t trust the healthcare system, let alone think it can be improved upon in a meaningful manner in ones life time
Let's take this discussion to your main channel, Mike.
I’m so disappointed
Lapse in judgment. Ha! You are a phony, doc...your faux apology is because you got caught, not because you had a guilty conscience. And I'm sure that was not the only time you broke your own rule. You just think you're better than the rest of us peasants.
you are not a good example. next time when you party make it sure to document or share all of your tests, swab and rapid tests. you're an influencer you should've known better Mike. yes you're just Mike now. people cant trust an irresponsible doctor... yeah like you
Guys stop writing comments that are dragging him I cant keep up with liking them all lmaoooo
You’re a complete hypocrite you are a joke bro putting masks on people so they breathing their own toxins and you call yourself a doctor to push masks
You need to put this on your main channel.
Just unsubscribed to the main channel.. You could have just said "Thanks but I can't, I don't want to be a hypocrite."
Not only are the optics bad, the act of partying with bunch of people in a restrained area during a freakin PANDEMIC is bad in and of itself.  Mike, if you wanna remedy the situation in any capacity you have to admit and apologize for the act itself. The problem isn't exclusively how people interpret this disaster.
Just like the rest of the hypocrites out there you are full of BS
He’s not wearing a mask? So what, man up you snowflakes lol
Shane Dawson apology video type beat
Wow i did not know why some channels i follow picked on you......now i know: You are a morron. While defending all thiss stuff here you state there is no one fits it all bla bla. Geezus christ im out as your viewer. Btw why is this not on your main channel that i follow? Oh no answer needed its more important to do collabs with hot women while you dont come across as the guuy you seem to be.
The dudes a fake
I recomend you stay away from media social for 10 year, this is is internet. we cruel and cold we will rip you for every chance we have and we will show you no Mercy
You should have known as a celebrity doctor that you will be put on a higher pedestal
People spitting hot takes when they know they'll forget this in a week lol
You're human and make mistakes. There's a certain responsibility you've created for yourself by putting your life up on Youtube, yes, but we can't expect everyone to be perfect. You, like many, got a bit of that social itch and went out against your better judgment. Was it pretty bad considering what you do and what you preach? Yeah, it was. But no one can be expected to be perfect. I feel like a parent saying this, but so long as there's true remorse and better behavior in the future, it'll be alright.  Also, I do recommend putting this on your main channel, having it here feels like you're trying to hide it which kind of hurts the whole, "admitting when I'm wrong" thing.
I mean as a doctor he knows the seriousness of travelling during COVID-19 and the amount of risk he's putting on his patients when he returns. As a healthcare provider he obviously needs to practise his own advice. And so what he's done is immature and I'm hoping he's able to reflect on his actions. You messed up by not putting this up on your main channel as it shows that you don't want the bigger audience to see what you did. It's insensitive of you to do.
The only impact you have to think about is the demons waiting to feast on your soul after this dimension. We see you, they use you.
Doctors aren't perfect either
Mike, people are just dissapointed, because the times are difficult for everyone, you said it was the first time you had fun in this year, i mean doc, no one is having fun and we have to live like before, isolated in our houses, dont try to make a victim out of yourself for some reason, when all of us are going trough the same things. me,  and i think a lot of your followers are  *dissapointed in you*
WOW and he’s still posting videos on his main channel like nothing happened. He’s even deleting the negative comments on the newer videos. Shame
you should upload this to your main channel if you are really feel sorry for your mistakes!!!  remember you are a educated doctor who respected you.. but now one mistakes everything is going down..
I like how he does one mistake and yall are just hating on him like yall never did any mistakes before...
You are only sorry you got caught out.  But that's okay,  we all know this is a scam, just like you secretly know it is.  You are just a coward by not coming out and saying it's bullshit just so you can maintain your lavish lifestyle.  Oh and you do know there are alternative viewpoints from real scientists and real doctors who you conveniently ignore.
Does anyone else find it hard to believe that he was "surprised" with a boat party? Even so he could have just said no. Something's not adding up.
This isnt a real apology. POST IT TO YOUR MAIN CHANNEL
I get that a lot of people are feeling betrayed about this.  I get that but from my perspective the response is excessive.   He's apologizing for the impact of his actions and explaining precautions taken to express individual risk analysis.  He wasn't risking his patients as he knew he'd be following self isolation protocol returning to his state.   This isn't those people throwing Covid parties or having get togethers in droves at the beginning before lasting impacts were known and before any understanding of possible treatment had begin.  Right now any family with exposure to a kid in grade school in most states comes in contact with more people than he did there.   Due to the social impact and people's reactions, he's apologizing for the choices leading to the impact... but being in a country right now that has legally enforced no social contact between non household members (schools and workplaces are open, but no classmates/coworkers outside of class or work and Christmas... canceled) I understand the spike in suicidality and other difficulties in many people during this time due to prolonged hypervigilance and separation. To have some rare legal in person connection with loved ones is not something people should be crucified over, especially when following the CDC's guidelines.   Assuming this was a mistake and you made a mistake of whatever would be equivalent in your life, or if a loved one did, in reading these comments targeting him would you want to read them targeting you or a loved one? Would you want you or your loved one being exposed to the level of hostility in this and other comment sections? Especially in a time of such stress and disconnection?  I know I couldn't handle that volume of hostility at this time. He might be attractive, successful, and well known/ influential and that makes him no less human.  Maybe before posting comments envision sitting with a coffee across the table from him and think about how you'd want to phrase a critique to a real human sitting in front of you. (That's a technique I have to use to move off my soap box in text conversations sometimes. It really can be hard.) Maybe it's still angry yelling or ascribing motives and attitudes that may or may not be there that you'd want to say.  Maybe you're upset about something else and this is that last straw.  Whatever you're feeling, remember he's a human and comment the way you'd want someone to talk to you if you weren't perfect in some choices.   "You who are without sin/flaw cast the first stone"   We're humans, we're flawed.  We're worthy of love and connection despite our many flaws.  Do the best you can with the health and energy you have, encourage others.   It's been a long year,  I know it's hard.   I've started getting confused when I watch films and no one is wearing a mask. What are chins and mouths again anyway?   Socially distanced support going out to you. Good luck in the new year, I'm wishing you all the best.
This apology is disgusting to watch. Especially from a person who has witnessed a lot of deaths because of this virus.
I'm going to say it: people have no business or right to attack you over this.
He sounds so fake now. ✌️
Yikes that is one badddd ratio, looks like I'll watch another medical channel with a decent following...
ahhh...you tried. not cool
It's disappointing that I had to dig to find this. I didn't believe it was true
You are not sorry you hypocritical liar.  You are acting and nothing more. Nobody will ever trust you again.
never thought i’d see doctor mike on the same boat as the hypocrites like gavin newsom, nancy pelosi, andrew cuomo, steve adler and all the other countless democratic leaders who don’t bother following their own rules. “rules for thee but not for me” said all these hypocrites
People he’s a human being, whatever you need him to be first he’s human being. I know if you need everybody to be perfect your going to be disappointed your whole life. This man contributes greatly in a kind humane manner, do not let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
Every one needs to calm down. Did he mess up? Yeah.   But haven’t we all made mistakes ?  “Ye without sin cast the first stone.”
Social distancing is for you but not for me, shows he.
When my uncle died, my family wasn’t in the same state as him. We couldn’t be there with him while he was battling COVID. We couldn’t stand with my aunt and my cousin while they were grieving the loss of my uncle. We had to watch his funeral via livestream. We couldn’t see him, or my aunt, or my cousin. All of whom had COVID. So while you were off partying, my uncle was dying of COVID alone, unable to see his wife and stepson. I am incredibly disappointed in you, dr. Mike.
Here is a doctor who has just lost his online credibility. Does not practice what he preaches.
Why didn’t you post this on yo main channel clown
This just sounds like "Rules for thee and not for me" and you got caught. I agree with your medical message, be cautious, wear a mask (they help a bit) when it matters and don't breathe down people's neck.  But what hurts must about this is that I've been able to follow you as a respectable medical source who can break things down and explain it to the everyman. Now I must approach everything you say with caution and skepticism because I know you don't always follow your advice.
Look at what you've done. I can see some conspiracy theorists in the comment section taking advantage of your situation to spread their dangerous lies. More people will die now.
Too Late Man. People see you.
Why isn't this on your main channel? You pos
I get people are amgry, yes he messed up. yes he looked up rules, (I understand why not wearing mask in water...)  EVERYBODY CAN MESS UP. yes he messed up big time. but we gonna ignore the fact that he is still a doctor, he have saved lots of lifes as well. it is so easy for everybody to mess up... special in this times. it is wrong we all know. he has done lots of help in this time, one mess up and everybody hates him. sawi bad english, am just tired of seeing hate, it is a bad time now for everybody... wish well to everybody anyways, and dondt mess up like he did :)
My boyfriend's sister is a nurse in a covid unit. When she got that assignment, we made the decision to stop seeing each other in person (he lives with her). It's been manageable but so, so hard. My sister and niece, who live across the country, can't come for Christmas because of covid, and my mom is devastated.   As a medical professional, I expected better from you. You preached about how to be safe so I didn't think you were like my optometrist, who complained the whole time about his mask and wasn't even wearing it correctly. In reality, you might be worse than him. At least I knew to get the heck out of dodge with him! But you lured us in with a false sense of security. I would be livid if I found out my PCP did something like that.  This video should be on your main channel.
The fact that he blocked the person who leaked the pictures and clips was blocked by Mike and the time he said ‘Is it ok to have a mini party that everyone stays 6 feet apart’ Mike: “Thats a hard NO” oh my im so dissapointed right now him making that covid videos and the fact he didnt post this in his main acc. I kind of agree of the people defending him that says he is a human being which makes mistakes but im siding more withthe people calling him a hypocrit
Talking about risk level, how about 0 by not going out at all? You're a doctor, you have a huge risk level for everyone around you, whether you wear a mask or not. I've been a subscriber for a long time and people turned to you for answers but you obviously didn't take it seriously enough and decided a fun boat trip wasn't a "big" risk but here we are. Everyone makes mistakes but you are in a much different position than most.
I had it back in January/February, long before they admitted it was an issue. The chance of catching it again is 0.0000003%. The vaccine is 90% effective - meaning I am immune to a ridiculous degree higher than the vaccine. Yet for some reason you've kept me a prisoner for a year even though I am immune. I will never forgive people who have militarized this flu and turned it into a control mechanism.
Have you given up any pay? No. So you can’t possibly understand what it’s like for the rest of us. Oh btw HCQ works now how convenient. Masks have not stopped transmission whatsoever. Oh and the terrorist who’s heading up the WHO Tedros put the world in this position.
We are not the ones putting the science under the bus, doc. It was selfish, reckless and hypocritical. And the saddest part is that you and a lot of people that should have called you out on it have decided to look the other way, because it's the best to not taint your image, forgetting to separate that from the message you have been trying to convey throughout all this time. Which, apparently, you also forgot for a while.
If you have the right to use "judgement" for better or worse , then I have that right too.   Stop telling me what to do.
I mean yes I’m disappointed, but technically no, he didn’t not break any guidelines. (But yes he messed up)
Now go and make a true apology on your true main channel and say what you mean, because this rehearsed bs doesn't cut it, I'm so dissapointed that you said it was "ok", seriously man I've watch all your videos and even my brother said he didn't trusted you and i defended you, ugh, say bye to half of your views. I can't believe what you say now.
BRO...shut the FXKC up with this pretty girl privilege. You THOUGHT you wouldn't get caught. Why are other HCP getting cancelled and you're not? So disappointed in Twitter and TikTok for not helping remove your license.
TRASH
girlll......i know he didnt just start with "this pandemic has taken a toll on our physical and mental wellbeings" leave sir. as someone who's father is a doctor and someone who wants to be a doctor later in life....this is NOT it miss thing.
Personal risk.. Yes that is the point! People should make their own risk choices!
Ok First of all: He is a Human and even if he is a Professional he can make mistakes. These who call him names should look at themselves and reconsider. Everyone has the to take decision for himself and even if he is in a lot of contact with other people he can do this too and choose how he wants to spend this YEAR. I see the point that he didn’t upload on his main channel but of course he feels ashamed and doesn’t want to but out the false message to people that haven’t heard the news. Guys calm down and don’t make him the monster he surely isn’t !
We ? We ? You clearly don't believe anything you say... And you cannot argue that. !  Hypocrite 😠😠😠💩
Your a hypocrite LOL
Dr. Mike looks and sounds and acts like a beta soy boy
Suchhh a fake apology loolll
seriously? with what right you judge this person for making a mistake?  he is a human, not a perfection.  really wrong choice is judging and criticizing him instead of understanding.
This is such BS. You are just a hypocrite and don't ever talk how others shall do when you can't do anything.
Sweetie you kinda done fucked up here. Just post to your main channel and don’t try and justify it.
Mike you are so fake. Your body language tells it and your video archive. The Mike we have known when u started your life here on youtube has changed. U can do your self-reflection by attending a psychologist and not creating another youtube video to generate likes. U are inside disgusting. I mean...You are very ugly. U know what? You are playing good. Now its perfect time to switch place, from youtube to Acting academy. A great place for you to continue being fake.
This doesn’t seems like an apology at all
You dont owe anyone any apology  We are all adults responsible for our own actions
Saw inside edition and could not believe it. I TRUSTED YOU since the pandmic. I'm so so so disappointed in you.  😢😢😢      Hypocrite
Chile I didn't even know this Channel existed 🤨 (Doctor Mike Clips,More like Doctor Mike Slips 😌)
Hold on, you don't put anyone at risk. Aren't you a practicing doctor?!?! Aren't you putting doctors, co workers, friends, etc at risk?
Who's here because of the Body language video?
Another reason I have trust issues 😭
I believe he took care... emmm no What a coincidence that in the leaked photos he’s not wearing a mask, maintaining social distance, the whole group was very close together...
Oh, c'mon man, I knew something would or already have gone wrong with you when I found your channel, it just was too good and had too many people. Everyone can make a mistake, it's just that since you are a media person now, a lot of eyes are on you, therefore so does responsibility for your actions. I don't believe it's ok, but it's just how world now works. I personally don't blame you for doing what a looot of other people did, it is not right, but you've contributed much more than any other average person, and you've earned my trust. It's ok, bro, don't feel bad about yourself (ｏ・_・)ノ”(ノ_<、)
I don't understand how it's problem not having it on the main channel. I think all he did was fair.
I just don't get why people get mad at DR. Mike, his private life is his life and his medical life is his life even if he is a role model for such, and I speak upon my perspective as a med student who is seeing a lot of doctors in his country (NOT USA), every human can do mistakes just go with it, and if you do a mistake you should apologize, and he did, he is an honest man in my eye, he wore a mask or not his choices does not change his message, you value his massage and keep it in consideration not his bodily actions as a human being, for god’s sake if you went to a doctor, and he tells you to quit eating sugar, and you did, and someday you have seen that doctor eating a lot of sugar, does the massage corrupt? I mean are you following the person or the message? Humans are always humans, and you can not judge based upon his profession< we will not ask an engineer who is not building his own house why are not building it? Why are you telling we should build our house via you, when you did not build your own?....     separating lives is grace, he made a mistake he apologized with an indication of not repeating the mistake
Welcome to the covid hall of hypocrisy fame. Thanks for finally endorsing the correct view that people should evaluate the risks for themselves. 👍
I'm so disappointed.
Hypocrite
Ok so it’s ok if you do it...but you feel you should tell everyone how to live their lives? I like how you flip flop and justify then say your bad under conditions. Attack you? Put this on your main channel. Show everyone how actually sorry you are lmao
Hahahahaha OH PLEASE. These fake apologies are ridiculous.
Your a hypocrite, what's new?  Just save your excuses and justifications....
Such a selfish, lame, Chad disguised as a doctor.
If this had been a barbecue in someone's backyard, would you be reacting so strongly? How much is this about hypocrisy, and how much of it is amplified by the fact that this particular trip has rich guy vibes, and we chafe at that privilege? I get that feeling, but it's not actually relevant.  He says he quarantined upon his return. That means he didn't put patients at risk.  Yeah, he shouldn't have gone. But I get it. This is hard news, but it ain't unforgivable.
Tag me heheh                                    Okay, Dr. Mike. You apologized for the wrong thing and you did a stupid thing. The reason why your decision is one of the most irresponsible and dumb things to do, especially during this pandemic is because of your exposure. Because of the risks. Because of how many people can be affected. Because of how many people can spread COVID. All because you decided to ignore all YOUR advice and go on a party, just because you wanted to have fun.  Look, we all now people need a break sometimes. But a party? No. You are a doctor, you go see patients everyday and are exposed to so many people. Doctors, nurses, patients. So many people can get exposed to covid because of you. It isn't enough that you were checked how ever many times and you should know that. You should know that there are people who are asymptomatic or who show less to no symptoms. You should know that the tests aren't enough to know for sure if someone doesn't have covid. You should know this.  But the fact that you would ignore this, that you would ignore your responsibilities and put so many people in danger, just to have fun?  Is that seriously more important than saving people's live and keeping people safe? Partying and laughing?  I'm sorry but, you really fucked up man.
Now I'm questioning everything about you. Trust is like a glass , once broken , cannot be easily repaired .
I can link you to a study about masks.  Experiences are subjective and some people feel like they're suffocating in them.  I am one who senses my airflow being restricted.  The way I saw it, doctors covered head to toe in PPE, wearing their masks correctly, still got infected and died anyway, and I hurt for them not knowing the prophylaxis they all should have been applying even if only by the plants in their diets.  Anyone relying on others to wear masks on their behalf rather than taking accountability for their own diets are doing themselves and their nation a great disservice.  A lot of the research is right there in the digital trails for those who seek it out, from the pandemic playbook to DARPA testimony of quercetin against germ warfare just like this.  Don't sweat the small stuff bub.  The same people who shamed and used you for their profit aren't even aware they're ingesting disinfectant every time they take a drink alcohol, or what chemicals exist in the plants they consume on a daily basis.  If more people understood the origins of medicine and how history and science go hand in hand, they wouldn't be shaming others for their own ignorance.  Half of America doesn't even realize that Covid19 is another name for SARS-COV2 and the same medicine effective against SARS-COV is effective against other coronaviruses too....including COVID-19. Quercetin is a broad spectrum antiviral and already FDA approved.
Put this on your main channel please. Another whiteman trying to avoid responsibility ... tsk tsk tsk.   Just making us (whitemen) look bad and we already look like assholes.
Put yourself in his situation? What do you do when your friends plan an expensive birthday party for u that might have also taken months to plan. How is someone supposed to turn them down when it’s a surprise?
Mike, I want to believe you and keep an open mind about this, but this being on your second channel, it sounding kinda scripted and just seeming like you’re trying to deflect everything makes it difficult. Just for everyone’s sake, please put this on your main channel and talk to someone about it.
it was a trip to find this video, I saw the comments on your main channel and was like "tf??? dr mike attended a gathering and got covid? that's very uncharacteristic". It's even worse that I had to work to find this, as it's not on your main channel, 'nor does it fit the search results "dr mike got covid" or something similar. You're trying to sweep this under the rug and move on. I get that you have an image that matters to people, but as a doctor, you need to have integrity and better judgement for those who are affected by you.
So... you're not gonna tell your fans about this on your main?
I’m really shocked and angry at Doctor Mike for this bogus apology. This doesn’t sound genuine at all, he’s just sorry that he’s caught. You know what? In Mid-late September, my grandma of many years passed away of not COVID, but of Health problems in Mexico which is a COVID hot-spot and I wasn’t able to see her which was devastating. But I hope his party was worth it.
I don't think you're a bad person, but you come across as a child that is apologizing because their mother told them they have to, so they oblige insincerely. Adults that want to be treated like adults probably shouldn't do this. If you don't believe you did anything wrong, you shouldn't be apologizing.  You don't get to pat yourself on the back for admitting you were wrong when you're deflecting blame and trying to justify the reasoning that lead to doing what people are concerned about and the event itself. If you truly made a reasonable risk assessment, and partying during a pandemic is totally fine, then why are you apologizing? What ARE you sorry for doing exactly, if anything, because this video sure as hell doesn't make it clear, other than being sorry you got caught not practicing what you preach(rather than being sorry for not practicing what you preach). I sincerely hope you take some time to think about all of this and try to approach with a bit more humility and a bit less defensiveness.   You were telling yourself it would be ok, because it was an amazing opportunity to have fun and surround yourself with beautiful young women, so you turned a blind eye to the risks involved. You allowed yourself to be reassured by people you know deep down aren't equipped to make these kinds of calls, and even if just momentarily, you put a few hours of your own pleasure before the safety and wellbeing of others. You may even have internalized this notion that if you believe something is ok, it probably is, since you're a doctor. The reasoning that lead you to a party yacht during a pandemic, Mike, was faulty. Because partying during a pandemic is incredibly irresponsible. Even if everyone gets tested. Even if everyone had worn a mask. You know this, so honestly shut up or own up for real. Again, I don't think you're a bad person. But this is a lapse of judgment and integrity, and I think you care a whole lot about the latter.
I live abroad, haven't seen my family or friends since my last visit in September 2019, and am refraining from doing so until it is safe again, because that's the advice I've been hearing from medical professionals. Then I watch a doctor who I've looked up to for the last two years doing this. It's just disappointing.
Be honest. You didn't make a mistake. You knew exactly what you were doing because you are a grown man who made his own decision to live his life the best way he saw it fit. This is exactly what sane people around the world  are asking for, to live their lives the best way they think it's fit for them! Well done!!!
It's your life. Live it. No need to apologize to anyone for living YOUR life. You're safe and that's all that matters.
Fake and phony hypocrite
That's so disappointing. And constantly asking people to trust medical professionals in your videos too :( Yes you are an imperfect human being like all of us, but I so wanted to believe you were the genuine, honest man that you portray and now I don't know what to think.  Still love you, but man.. integrity.
Hypocrite.
I give up on people imma be a doggy and live in mars who wants to come with me
Half of my family is dead        Hope the party was fun
Its funny that people r too quick to lose their respect for Doctor mike. The video is sincere for me. It just triggers u people because he is known well as a famous doctor. I get it. U all are upset. But He is cautious too. He state his side clearly and that leaves to ur judgements whether to believe or not. But thatcdoesnt mean to disrespect someone. I dont find anything wrong in his apology and i still respect and admire him. If i know, u people r also doing these things and not observing proper protocols. But my point here is dont quick to judge and disrespect people. Stop attacking him. People r still going out and not following protocols. Atleast Mike and his friends r all following proper guidleliness. Yet the picture of them gathering withput safety protocols is mostly the big issue for u. Let the man also live after a stressful life. He deserves it. That would only make things worst if they were all in a city but they werent. Try to weigh things properly. Dont b too quick too judge. Ur all just makinthis pandemic even worse because of ur too perfect criticism as if all are really followin protocols. Loveyou!
Rules for THEE, but not for ME
Another youtube ZERO
How dare you not live in fear of a virus with a 99% recovery rate. The media told me I should shame you. Shame. Shame. Not one of us. Not one of us
🤡
Left this off your main channel, it's like you are trying to make people not see this.
Dark Mice sent me here
I am truly disappointed. I think i was never more disappointed. Seeing a doctor, who should know whats appropiate or not, and still doing  something that shouldnt be done during a pandemic. Its disgusting and disappointing.  This is far worse, than a bunch of teens going on a corona-party. He should know better
Not an actual Doctor.
Should be on your main channel. You can't sugar coat this. You messes up. You need to be upfront and honest on your main channel with your main audience. This is bad optics. You seem like you want less people to see this. You need to own it. I can't take you seriously because you dont take yourself seriously. Own it. Post this to to your main channel. Talk to your main audience. Think about it Dr Mike. The people you are saying sorry to can't hear you.
Not sorry that he was wrong, he's sorry he got caught. If you need proof of that just look at the channel he posted it to. I'll bet that if people didn't direct others to this not many would even know it existed.
Lol i don't even know why there are all .. literally all negative comments here. Nobody is perfect dude, you did a mistake, learn from it an just move on. Lots of ❤️❤️
Doctor mike is a phony.
Doctor: Explains health risks, explains precautions he took not to spread covid (TESTING, QUARANTINE) despite the less-than-ideal choice he made, ends up saying that it was not enough (correct) and that he apologizes. some noob on the internet, almost a month later: IT WAS NOT REAL APOLOGY BECAUSE IT WAS ON THE WRONG CHANNEL/IT WAS IN THE COMMUNITY TAB/HE DIDN'T KOWTOW TO ME BEGGING FOR MY FORGIVENESS/HE DELETED THE COMMENT I WROTE IN ALL CAPS ABOUT HOW BAD HE IS/ANY OTHER REASON I CAN THINK OF TO JUSTIFY ME BEING A JERK TO ANOTHER LIVING PERSON ON THE INTERNET.  JESUS. CHRIST. People. I understand disappointment. I respect comments of people who probably would be able to tell the same thing, in exact same words,  to the doctor's face, had they met him. But. You're not screaming at the screen. You're screaming at a living, imperfect human being, probably (PROBABLY as I cannot tell what's in other people's minds, I only assume) embarrassed and regretting his mistake and wishing to forget about it while remembering the lesson from it. Do YOU not want to forget your mishaps asap? You LOVE digging into that wound, scratching it wide open? In that case, you might want to get checked out for possible disorder that might turn dangerous to you, and no, that's not sarcasm, that's a serious advice. Masochism is not an illness, but needs to be kept under control. Also, if you think deleting the comment that happens to show up on HIS CHANNEL is something incorrect then, sorry to break it to you, it's like telling someone they cannot clean up the poop you've put in the middle of their hous because YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO poop. Yep, you have. And I, you, Doctor, anybody really, has a right to clean up the sh** that appears on the - space open to public, yes, but in general still belonging to a certain person. End of rant, thanks for sticking till the end.
He is not apologising he is just making excuses why his party was oke and why no one can actually be mad... also if he actually wanted to apologise he would have posted this to his main page.
Seriously just stfu. If he wasn't caught then he wouldn't have made this video. That's also why he put a video on this small channel. He fell in your own hippocracy. He wanted to bang some chicks it's that simple. He should just admit it and move on
Are ya'll really gonna sit here and judge him as if ya'll lived perfect lives with no mistakes? ALL of us here have made mistakes. More than once. It is not your job under any circumstances to judge him. It's true, he made a mistake. Yes, he apologized after the photos were leaked and on this channel. But tell me something, if you made a mistake would you be happily willing to tell the whole world about it or would you keep it to yourself and figure it out? I'm sure most of you would keep it to yourselves out of shame or regret or both. You don't know how he felt afterward and you don't know if did some self reflection before posting this so you don't have a right to say anything. Yes, he's a doctor... but he's also human. Humans make mistakes. He's not perfect. None of us are. Some of ya'll saying... oh he's rich, handsome, and famous so he thinks he can just get away with it. 1. You don't know that. 2. Money, looks, and status have nothing to do with this. We don't live with him, we don't know what goes on in his life or mind outside of what he shows us (which he doesn't even HAVE to show us at all because it is HIS life). We're his viewers. He apologized. We don't know what he's going through. Therefore, we don't have a right to judge him because that's not our job. We can only hope he's doing well and learning good things. Treat people with respect and kindness no matter what if you want to be treated that way as well. WE ALL MAKE MISTAKES. So, Dr. Mike I hope you're doing well. I hope your decision to make some self-reflection turns out well for you. May God bless you and have a nice day.
I am freaking tired of this sh!t. JUST.STAY.AT.HOME.!!!! IS IT TOO MUCH TO ASK!
You don’t need to apologise to me. It’s ok . All the best x
I’m sorry but I bet some of the people mad at him, are the people who as well get into group gatherings. This whole cancel thing is absolutely absurd. And I want to mention again I said some people do it as well and get into gatherings without masks.
He shouldn't just be saying "sorry to his fans and supporters" but also to the people he couldve gotten infected just by walking around!
The start of his video reminds me how I make essays for my english teacher
i used to be a loyal subscriber and follower on IG but the hypocrisy and half assed apology is too much. people are suffering and dying everyday from covid and you chose to party with insta thots after preaching for all of us to stay home. you’re a doctor for god’s sake. do better.
If Dems didn't have double standards they'd have no standards. Lol Rules for thee but not for Dr. V
Think Think Think before action ☺︎︎
This isn't about conspiracy theorists, this is about YOUR behaviour. If you were seeing your dad, that's not great but more understandable. But you were clubbing on a boat! Unmasked! Rubbing up random girls! I mean, sure, live your life. But lots of other clubbers wanna rub up against each other and they can't right now. Yikes!
Wait so what did he do? He went on a boat trip with his friends under rules and guidelines. Then he goes on to say he's sad because of the impact of what he's done, but he didn't say what the impact is, can someone explain im legitimately confused
Pathetic
You’re a grown man. And a doctor. Screw you 😩😂😂😂
Don't arrange everything and even you and your friends all get tested, and then now you say you messed up.
I find that people are being too hard on you. You forked up. Seriously and unqualifiably.  As long as you can accept that. And not deflect it. I think you should be forgiven. We all fork up. And I know that I get better every day. Your fork-ups don't erase your good qualities and efforts.
If i was caught breaking quarantine and doing cervical manipulations while partying (maybe drinking?)....I'd be more worried about my license than my reputation honestly.
Why isn’t this posted on your main channel...? This is just embarrassing
Jesus, dude. My father works in a hospital. He treats cancer patients. He has not seen his parents in months. My gran - his mother - is going to die soon. This will likely be her last Christmas, and we don’t get to say goodbye. The outrage I feel at this is unreal and you will NEVER be credible to me or many others ever again.
“The reason I’m saying this is because [I got caught]”
Rule for thee but not for me
Man wow I lost all my respect for this man... You have patients it doesn’t matter if you live alone no excuse man.. post this to your main channel for everyone to see 🙄
You look up the girls he was partying with they have continuously been partying. If these are your friends you should tell them to stay home like you’re telling all of us.
You guys all need to chill. It's the flu. No one had covid on boat and no one sick. You might say "well what if they did?" WELL WHAT IF THEY DIDN'T! It is depressing how serious people are taking this. Yes people have died, but people die everyday. You might say "well you're probably low risk and haven't had loved ones die." Yes I have had loved ones die, but it was there time to go. Masks don't even do much and covid doesn't spread that fast anyways. People go to parties all the time and they don't get hated on? But when a famous person has a small boat party you're ready to treat him like a murderer? Worse things are happening. The world is falling apart, and not from corona. If you got your head out of your butt and lived, this whole thing would be over by now. Stop using corona as an excuse for why you're not doing things, just FRICKIN LIVE
Followed you sense that how go dress video 2-3 years ago; extremely dissatisfied with your approach on this.   You stood for something.
I'm sorry. I know you guys are angry about the fact that he went to a party and you guys cant see your families. But at least he has the decency to address his mistake and take responsibility for it. Like geez...he's not the only one whos probably done stuff like this. I was annoyed but i am glad that he addressed this and that he has seen ehat people are saying and has reacted To it in a well and organised manner. People can hate this comment all they want but i couldnt care less. I am glad he has addressed this situation and that he has took full responsibility for his mistake.
Oh you put the glasses on for this
Context someone ? Cos I don't wanna watch the whole thing. thank you very much.
I believe it was a mistake and I believe he is truly sorry. Dr. Mike has helped so many people. One mistake shouldn’t cancel out all the good he has done. Cancel culture is as toxic as the things it stands against.
Oh man. A doctor tells people to wear a mask and stay indoors, because this pandemic is serious business. But he then travels 1,200 miles from one viral epicenter to another epicenter to party it up. So much for leading by example.
Thanks to people like you, me and my family tested positive. Because of people like you, I rarely get to see my mother. People like you make me sick.
Sigh, as a vetran of youtube an the horid appoligises that come out of people. You all in these comments are driving me buck wild.  Dr.Mike took the L, he said that he did wrong and get this isn't enough? He said that he did wrong and that he still shouldn't have, that's not good enough for you?   Why is this on his second channel. Because the people who are upset and that this message is for fans, and his co workers. He did post it to his main channel because he is aware this would drag people who don't really care! It be a video will less weight on his main then the secondary personal channel.   Why did he do this. Let alone his profession and yes this is a huge part of it. He has this whole time been working to help with covid, getting on the news, and living alone and I'm SURE he hasn't seen much of anyone other then bear. That kind of hell is something that takes over any ones mind. On a boat, in the water, with close friends and family. One night. The man got a break.  Was it the proper thing, the safe thing, the thing he has been advocating for. No, and he again admitted this and said this and is sorry for this. But Mike is meerly human. It was ONE mistake, relax, it's going to be ok, think about all the mistakes you have made even as an adult. The things you know snow you shouldn't have done but did. Let him learn and grow...
And this is why the public is getting tired of politicians and celebrities. Hypocrisy.
Okay he was incredibly wrong special because he is a role model and a has a big platform. That being said y'all need to stop hating on him so much because he is a HUMAN he makes mistakes and at the end of the day he also wants to have fun and enjoy his life.  Y'all act like y'all followed EVERY SINGLE RULE since covid got out.  Hating on ppl is not something to be proud of.
Wait wait wait. You're a doctor and don't look at the research about how the lockdowns don't work, masks aren't needed, and the survival rate of the virus is 99% survival rate! My guy you quoted no science lol and even the CDC who keeps changing their mind just said lockdowns don't work it kills more people than it helps from deaths of dispaire to deaths from not getting treatment for other life threatening diseases. All there from the lancet, pubmed, CDC(sometimes) FDA (sometimes). Ooooo I hope you learn to research yourself and not rely on the CDC, W.H.O, FDA, and NIH. That's what separates truly great doctor's from med students who could remember and regurgitate well. 🤦
Over 300,000 Americans killed by COVID-19 and counting and he couldn't even post this on his main channel. He's a doctor and he thinks that he doesn't need to maintain social distancing if he wants to party on a boat in Florida because he has a MD. What a hypocrite!
Firstly, why isn't this on the main channel? Dr. Mike, I was a big fan, but how could you do that? My family has lost so many friends, so many relatives to this virus. I never once thought of going out like that. From videos, you either weren't wearing a mask or wearing it incorrectly. I'm furious, and many of the peoplr who watch you are too. People are dying, stop tainting the name of medical workers.
No👩🏼‍⚖️
Classic gaslighting
You’re a person too, and I think you deserve to grow.
You've taught me so so so much, well-researched, qualified/not exaggerated medical info. Thank you for that. And I'm sorry people are giving you a rough time. Hope you cruise over this easily~
How much people are just here to comment on the situation because they saw the channel “spill” covering the situation?
I have followed you channel since you didn't even have a million subs. I've always thought of you as an intelligent and respectable person. This situation changes a few things. When i first heard about this "scandal" I was pretty disappointed but thought to myself well, he's a human being and was not being careless because he didn't know better but because it was a surprise by a friend and in that moment was overly emotional which clouded his decision making. If you had said something along those lines I would've understood. But the way you phrase things in your apology just makes me angry. You act as if you a made a rational choice backed up by guidelines, even though it is apparent they weren't followed: there were 12 people in the picture, not 10, you had close physical contact with one of the participants etc. Do you think we're stupid? And then you don't even post the apology on your main channel. No one expects you to be perfect, everyone is hypocritical sometimes. This would've been a good teaching moment, how it's really f-ing hard to follow the guidelines, how we're lonely, just want things to go back to normal and forget about this pandemic for once and how all these emotions can sometimes lead us to making bad decisions. After watching the last few videos on your main channel I just had to post this comment because it made me so angry how you didn't acknowledge this situation even once.
I feel like the worst thing about this is he lost his credibility as this nice, friendly and helpful DOCTOR. He spent many months talking about how dangerous coronavirus is, just to throw it away because he got caught. Posting this on his second channel also shows how not sorry he actually is, and how much trust was actually lost.
the videos he had posted about covid-19, are dated. yes, theres lots of cases. Not only that, he researched before making a conclusion. i don't completely accept his apology. asymptomatic people may be on the boat, and they should've tested before they got on the boat, not before the flight. Being human doesn't make up for his mistakes, as many humans are staying home.  i hope he had a nice birthday anyway
If his friend didn't made a suprise party, i bet he wouldn't have done this.
Ouille
How was that Miami orgy?
What is this? A passive-aggressive apology where it’s actually an excuse?
Lol he surrounded by big tittie girls in Miami ayyyy
You just presented yourself as a tool for the so called "conspiracy theorists". And then you start crying out, because they use this exceptional failure of yours against you?  Grow some balls. You are a public figure on social media, there will be negative criticism all the time, without any kind of mercy towards you. Deal with it, like a real man. And stop calling people, that dislike your content "covid deniers, conspiracy theorists etc." Why are you going into the total defense mode and don't act smarter? Did anyone push you into the corner, just by saying their honest thoughts, measured on your real actions. I mean you called out for taking care of each other, by taking the right counter-measurements for Covid-19, but you actions showed exactly the opposite, while you are in a private and safe area. Don't try to talk yourself out of it. It just showed you in a situation, where you haven't been under surveillance of the public. Most likely these private pictures reveal the true kind of person that you are. It just shows that you are a human being, that does mistakes too. So, where is the problem? You could have just said "I have been on a private trip and just forgot about the danger". That's what happens to anyone of us on a daily basis. I see so many people forgetting to put up their masks in public, because they are full of thoughts, stress and sorrow, or just didn't realize what they are doing at the moment.  Actions show more than words. Be the exception that you want others to be. Be an idol in your profession as a doctor. Follow your own principles and stop talking so much. You put many words into this apology, but yet you didn't deliver any kind of weight through your words.
Un-subbing - Hypocrite! Tha fact your sitting there making excuses, that your only doing because you got caught. You would think you would put thins on your main channel 🖕🏻
So disappointing. It takes away from the message that we all have a responsibility.
NPD is a serious condition. Get yourself checked out.
What a hypocrite
Why are you telling that he is deleting criticizing comments? This kind of comments is everywhere on his channel. I bet that he is just deleting antiscience and agresive ones. He apologized, that he made a mistake. Why are you attacking him so much?
trust the science people. we're all in this together.
I guess we have to find a new doctor 🤦🏽‍♂️
This man is a hypocrite sponsored by big Pharma to tell you about the Covid-19 lie. Many famous scientists are saying that Covid-19 is a big hoax. Just look at the numbers and you will see it. The WHO is the most criminal organization i ever came across.
WHAT A BLUFF!!!!!
This man is so full of it I hope everyone can see it. He’s a human being I get it but it’s not his mistakes that bother me. It’s the fact that he’s pushing this agenda, this lockdown mandatory vaccine with absolutely very little testing agenda. His opinions are not his opinions. Please avoid him. I don’t have anything personal against him, it’s the agenda he’s pushing that I honestly am afraid of.
Using this to promote this channel since you know it will get a lot of views is FOUL
Sir you said you live alone, but dont you go to work and see patients everyday? You put them on risk sir,, Your profesion has responsibility
Just found you, followed you, and liked your channel and message. Now I can see you as nothing but a hypocrite. I don’t care about what “risk assessment” you’ve done, you literally answered a question that said it was a  “hard no” to have a party with 6 people. Do better.
"I live alone- I don't put anyone else at risk" bud youre a DOCTOR
Guys why do you hate him so much for this one thing he has done so much good this year informing us about COVID protocols working to help ppl to recover from COVID working long hours and he does one thing wrong and everyone just hates him
And to think I actually looked up to this hypocrite. I was inspired to be a doctor because of his videos. I'm not angry. Just disappointed and depressed.
Funny - I knew this guy was a ‘bad actor’ from the start of this whole mess.
Dr. Mike, you should live your life! I’ve made mistakes and I’m pretty sure everybody made mistakes!  The only problem you have that I don’t is you’re a YOUTuber! I’m not a judgmental person and I hope you the best, I’ve been following you for a while and I’m going to follow you forever, as long as technologically last! I’m 36, I’ve made some wrong decisions, but we shouldn’t be judged  anyone off that.
You know what? You messed up. That is and will always be true. And this isn't a good apology. But based on what I (think) I know about you, I hope you could actually change. Just please post this on your main channel.
"When I see bad actors and conspiracy theorists try to use my situation to attack the legitimacy of covid-19, to downplay its risks" THAT IS WHAT YOU OPEN YOURSELF UP TO WHEN YOU DO THINGS LIKE THIS. This is why public figures need to avoid not just impropriety but even the barest appearance of impropriety. Doing the work that you do, you should never have gone anywhere NEAR a party boat. What were you thinking??
As a fellow physician who hasn't seen my family in over a year, cancelled every single trip and working on the front lines against the pandemic, it's just stupid and irresponsible to do what he did. I'm not surprised his true priorities are showing based on his actions and his response to it all
Hahaha make up gurus are so overrated so now a Dr made an apology video. I don't know but I don't buy it. This should not be tolerated. No different to they young youtubers who partied during the pandemic.
This should be posted on his main channel. There's no excuse for this. This is not transparency and honesty.
Bro you know he messed up when this has almost the same proportion of dislikes to views as Logan pauls suicide forest apology video . Like bro you MESSED UP .
Maybe he thought it was okay because he was outside? I don't know.
All you guys out here calling him out for 1 mistake. Lemme ask you. How many covid precautions have you broken? Hes human. He forgets. He makes mistakes. so in other words, stop hating on him for one small thing.
Only found out about this today from some other random channel.  It's pretty shitty this was hidden away so you're less likely to lose followers from your hypocrisy. This doesnt seem like a real apology but instead a "sorry I got caught". How will you apologize if a death is linked to your boat party?? I'm so disappointed and I've lost all respect because I thought you were part of the few taking this seriously. I'm obviously just one person (along with 49k downvoters at this time). Maybe you should truely humble yourself a bit and you could regain the trust of people. Giving medical information and showing medicine is interesting is great for the growth of so many minds. Dont teach people that medical professionals are uncaring hypocrites. Instead teach they are caring but human.
Everybody makes mistakes. The sad part is that being on the spotlight makes everybody have an opinion about someones faults. Just one mistake and people acts like they are perfect. Doctor or not, nobody is perfect. I feel sad that some people are taking this one bad action as an excuse to destroy good things what you built with so much time. Hold on and patience. Its sadly the price of the spotlight.
If y’all are really that pressed about him making a mistake then just unsubscribe. Don’t act like any of you haven’t said “Stay at home don’t go out to places or other countries” and then went to see your friends or grocery store or to the beach!!!   I’m not defending him, but still at least he noticed his mistake and clarified it. AND oh well if he didn’t post it on his main channel get over it, I’m sure at one of you have posted a video or TikTok on another channel or another account so that some people wouldn’t see it.  You may come at me if it pleases you to do so.
You’re officially a Doctor Oz in my eyes, now..
Everyone makes mistakes okay! No need to belittle him! You guys are too harsh.
He said it was a mistake but there’s no such thing as partying maskless on a boat is just a “mistake”.
This is a follow up comment to the comment I left on the medical heads up video. Over the past weeks that this has happened. I am so sick and tired of the constant abuse against Doctor Mike. Granted he broke protocol. But this man did not justify his actions. ALL YouTube apology videos are trash, but why did people expect this one to be any different? If people give the argument and say that "he's a medical professional" than that just further goes to show that people expect Doctor Mike and medical professionals in general to be perfect. NOBODY. IS. PERFECT. Also. Further abuse and hateful comments will make him feel worse. Bullying and social media hate towards medical professionals is ths reason suicide rates in the medical profession have SKYROCKETED. So would you rather him make an apology video and get over it or him commit suicide? Because if you are choosing the latter option. SHAME ON YOU. We all have to swallow that pride and admit that doctor mike IS HUMAN.
what a tool
at least his apology was better then gavin newsom🤷🏽
It’s okay to make mistakes, we all make mistakes
Dr. Mike: “admitting when I’m wrong” Also Dr. Mike - *spends video listing excuses and doesn’t post “apology” on his main channel*
Will you guys stop being so inconsiderate, he was following the rules and he apologised. He knew what he was doing and just wanted a bit of fun. He is young, why can’t you understand that?
Oh i see, *I* should give up my personal happiness so that others can be safe. I shouldnt see my family (also all healthy / self isolating) because i RISK OTHERS. But YOU CAN!?  No, lets get past the inconsistency here and just focus on your actions.  Forget what you say. You ACT as though theres no risk in seeing other people. From now on i will DO WHAT YOU DO. And when you say people shouldn't do something, you and i will both know that you're lying.
I'm sure that I'm going to get a lot of dislikes for this but I honestly don't care.  Dr. Mike, you are just as human as everyone else in this world. You specifically mentioned countless times that your mental health is just as important as your physical health. I don't think what you did was wrong and please don't let these other people break you down. I highly, highly, highly doubt that everyone on here has stayed home alone, away from family and friends for the last 8 months. Anyone who honestly thinks that you would purposely put yourself at risk, along with patients that I know you desperately care about is seriously mistaken. You are an amazing doctor and you have taught me so much!!! I would never discredit you for something that I know, you probably needed. Stay awesome! Love you lots!!!
Also you should have put this on your main. It looks a bit iffy when I can even recognize the channel
I mean this is a better apology than most YouTube apologies. He actually adressed the issue, didn’t deflect responsibility, didn’t cry for 40 minutes and didn’t gaslight the audience. He did post it on his second channel though so I give this yt apology a sold 65/100
Pathetic, and now all those counselling are for naught, rules for thee not for me. And for once I thought there was a trustable source
Heya dude, I’ve been watching for awhile but seriously please post this on your main channel for goodness sake
Mine is only one account but I hope we can, combined, make sure he feels the impact of his actions in a major decrease of views on these new videos he keeps uploading. Enough is enough.
Bruh he apologized leave him alone it’s many people that don’t follow protocols he’s not perfect everyone makes mistakes god damn....y’all jealous of him or something 😂
You're not a doctor anymore, you're a public figure. Everything you do has an impact on not just you and your relatives, but on the whole community who follow you and their relatives. People look up to you on how to stay happy and healthy and what you did probably made some people stop taking your advices and maybe some will become sick. Maybe some people in your followers now decided to do a party because you did and they'll get COVID and die. You need to be aware of the impact you have in the world.
so disappointing... and posting this on a side channel on top of it.... yikes
So is he gonna come out as a trump supporter now?
*unsubscribes* mike..my family has gone out TWICE since March. TWICE. We are a family of five. Those two times were for my brothers insulin and supplies.thank you for making. A mockery of all of your subscribers.UGH I’m upset
lmfao only apologizing cause he got caught
Stop it. Get some help.
Good for you! Thanks for your honesty, don’t read the negative comments, I bet not even half of them have the courage to apologize like you did!
TLDR: I'm sorry I got caught. I can't promise it wont happen again.
🙄🙄
Even though his friends threw a party he could have said no to it or did it on Zoom there's no excuse for his actions. Smh🤦🏾
Man-
WE WERE ALL ROOTING FOR YOU,
As some random viewer who is starting to gain interest in medicine because of you, this act of yours made me disappointed. I look up to you and this is what I found out just now. I understand that it is wrong, but you made the choice to go there despite the current situation.  I don't think I'll be watching your videos for a while after this.
Post this on your main channel, I don’t know why you decided to post in another channel where you know a lot of your subscribers are on your main one. Looks like you just don’t want the rest of the people to find out that you were basically a hypocrite. As someone who works in the medical field. You should know better.
Stop saying he is wrong and this video should be posted on the main channel.... I'm tired of liking all of the them
The boat guidelines that you cite in your video say that there should be a maximum  of 8 adults on a boat of the size that you were on. The pics I saw, I counted almost twice that amount of people at the party. So, you weren't even following the guidelines correctly. We're all human, but if you want to influence people, you should lead by example.
It was never that deep
I adored your content so much, but yeah you messed up. I literally lost my grandfather due to a caregiver who contracted covid and gave it to him and 13 others. There is absolutely no excuse for your behavior as a HEALTH professional. Slap in the face from a hypocrite.
1:22 His list of him justifying and excusing himself 😑 #1 He’s young. Awesome I fit that list as well im young & healthy I can go party now thanks Doc
Liarrrrrrrrrr.
i don’t get it, he didn’t wear a mask one time on a boat... why is everyone so mad ? lol
You didn't follow rules.  Your saying sorry on your little channel.   What a fraudster.
You got caught and left this on your little channel.  Hypocrite
0:27 Daddy’s boy. Just another rich handsome dude spending daddy’s money. This whole video is just him justifying himself. So disappointing. And the way he started his video with talking about the current situation trying to relate to us saying how this year has been hard on all of us. Instead of just straight away apologizing. And no mike you can’t relate to us because we all don’t have rich daddy’s. Stop trying to relate by saying we all had a rough year. You will never know what it’s like to wonder if you will have a home the next day or end up in the streets. Or what it’s like to have to go to bed hungry, and wonder if tomorrow you will be able to eat or have to go another day without eating. Stop trying to be relatable because you are not at all. You are another privileged white boy using daddy’s money. Who had to celebrate his birthday with hot models from insta to boost his ego. Well hope you had a great birthday and it was worth it. Now you are upset you got caught you poor boy go cry to daddy.
"we're all struggling a bit"...uhh..."we"...oh c'mon... "here's all the reasons why it's ok for me to do whatever I want".."but now let me try to emotionally manipulate you by talking about the scientists vs conspiracy theorists"... you're seriously a joke. And now you've wasted 3 tests. Bruh you are so first world it's unreal. Stay in your lane. You're a physician, not a scientist. This pandemic has physicians suddenly thinking they're scientists. Y'all aren't trained as scientists at all. (Exception: MD-PhD physician scientists, which you aren't and it shows because you often are only half-way there to understanding and give incorrect info to people.)  I haven't been tested once during this entire pandemic and work in research in a hospital and never stopped showing up... oh, you know why? Because I didn't f-off to miami and do irresponsible stuff. It's really not that hard. Sorry you have an impulse control issue..... but it wasn't REALLY impulsive, was it???...be honest, each of your actions were well thought out; you had to tell your friends ok, show up at a pier, step onto a boat... the party would have gone on without you. You're not that special.
Yes, it should have gone up on the main channel, Yes, it's not sincere. But now we know who he really is; just a guy, not the God we thought.  He might even be more actor, (like those ones in Scrubs, or House, who talk and sound like doctors while the cameras are rolling) than doctor now.  Let the dominoes keep falling and we can see clearly what this whole debacle really is about.
people make mistakes and you really can’t expect everyone to be perfect. that’s what’s wrong w this world, y’all are just waiting on someone to f up so you can go on about how perfect you are and how fake and terrible someone else is. how is the world gonna be a better place if you won’t let anyone bounce back. he messed up and obviously admitted it. if you can’t go to sleep at night bc this wasn’t genuine enough for you then maybe you have bigger things to worry about lol
Okay, I'm gonna say this and I know I'm gonna get a lot of hate but I don't care: how stupid can you people be? does it not concern you that actual facts show that it is less likely to die from covid than a shark attack? not bullshit media posts but actual facts? you people are obnoxious, or rather I should say "you sheeple" this is exactly what they want, for people to be so scared of this random "plague" that will kill us all if we don't "stay inside" or "wear our masks" that we won't question anything and just go along with whatever the news says, of course covid exists, but it's essentially just the flu, as someone who has had it, I can say it was almost identical in symptoms, now it is a risk for people with compromised immune systems, or elders, but guess what? so is the fucking flu. You're all idiots, and I know all of you are gonna write me off as some "conspiracy junkie, ohhh the governments bad" type, but look at it, you can easily find, online, free for your access, facts, actual facts, does it not bother you at all that they have changed what it apparently spreads through so much? "covid spreads to animals" "covid spreads through shoes" no, last time I checked, that's not how viruses work, or diseases in general. and now you're gonna tear this poor guy apart because what, he went out and had some fun for his birthday and he's a doctor? You disgust me, what happened to loving your fellow man? Oh but that doesn't matter right? Because there's a plague we're all gonna spread! That's. What. They. Want. Now remember little boys and girls, when you tuck yourselves in tonight, in quarantine, with your masks on, clutching your hand sanitizer and disinfectant spray close, separation is key.
I am not an essential worker (I’m too young to have a job). I don’t really know anyone who has COVID or has died from it. I haven’t been around anyone in forever (well, I am doing in person school, but we wear masks and try our best to social distance). I can understand not social distancing 100%. It’s hard to know how much 6 feet is, but not wearing masks? Even going to the party in the first place? This is no mistake. You chose to go to the party because the guidelines made it seem ok. Then, when you chose to go to the party, you chose to not social distance. Then, when you chose to not social distance, you chose to not wear a mask. You knew the consequences better than most, and you still did everything wrong. Look where it brought you. Now you’re sitting in front of a camera, probably reading a script (or memorizing a script), doing a horrible apology. Hey, might as well start crying for the cherry on top, right? There have been tons of people who have worked so hard (doctors, nurses, essential workers, etc.) to follow guidelines and do everything they can to try and stop the spread. Whether that be taking care of sick patients, trying to make a vaccine, or even just simply not going out, social distancing, and wearing a mask. They work so hard, all so you can go out to a party, and then once you’re caught red-handed, you make a horrible apology, saying it was a mistake. You are a doctor. You work to make sure people are healthy and do what they are supposed to to keep themselves and sometimes others healthy. You kept warning us about the dangers of going out and how bad it can be. Then when no one was looking, you had the audacity to go out and do what you warned everyone not to do. Good job, do you want a medal? Once you’re diagnosed with COVID I’m sure that’s when you’ll really realize the error of your ways. I hope you’re proud of yourself.
He made a mistake, okay, everyone gets it. Is there a need for this much hate though? No. Everyone makes mistakes including me, him, u and ur favorite ppl in the whole entire world. He made a mistake and i get that all of u are disappointed and mad but there's no need for _this_ much hate. Just unsub quietly why announce it to the whole world, he has feelings too. And you personally don't know what happened. I'm not saying he didnt do anything wrong im saying he made a very big and serious mistake but the hate is a little excessive
To all people with such mean comments, have you never made a mistake in your life? He did something wrong but I apologized and hopefully will not do it again. He deserves to be supported.
This should have gone up on the main channel, not your side channel, and I sincerely hope you'll get called out by other doctors. This apology is not enough; there is no justification for going out to party during a pandemic and you should be ashamed of yourself.
Guys, he understands that he messed up. He's still an amazing person and doctor. He clearly regrets what's happened, and what's done is done, it can't be changed. Y'all are attacking him for be human, he explained why he thought what he did was reasonable, he wasn't "making excuses". And for y'all to have the audacity to say that you don't have respect for him anymore is really messed up. He has saved so many lives and helped so many people, and brought new lives into this world. This is proof that no matter how much good you do, people will only see your mistakes.
Welcome to another tale of  ¨Never trust liberal rich celebrities cause they preach alot and dont practice! stay tuned!¨
I mean he was within the rules tho I don't see the big deal
id like to know if his friend who got him the boat party is getting as much hate as dr mike. lol  poor guy... i bet he feels horrible now for even thinking of the idea. oh well... dr. mike made a bad decision. he has apologized. people are not perfect. get over it.
can yall go on his last video (doctor and nurse react) and like my comment so more people will see this video
Lost respect. And he has the nerve to put this on his SIDE CHANNEL
I’m just gonna say something...  1) he’s human, he makes mistakes 2) he didn’t know the party was happening, it was a surprise 3) that was a pretty genuine apology And 4) he should’ve put this on his main channel (I’m not trying to be rude I just think it would’ve been better if he had put it on his main channel)  I’m so sorry if I’m incorrect on the second statement
I thought u was a true doctor that keep his words aka should me on ur main account Just saying
I'm not forgiving you because you're a "handsome doctor" - I'm forgiving you because cancel culture is toxic and no one is perfect. You're a human, let he without sin cast the first stone, y'know?   Two words: do better.  That's all you can do. Keep spreading your message and move forward.
Anyway, subscribe to Mama Doctor Jones because she's not out partying in a pandemic :)
yikes.
Stop leaving so many hate comments yall I can’t like them all
He’s not sorry he did it. He’s “sorry” because he got caught. He irresponsibly went on a trip, he got caught, he’s shook that the truth got out, and now he’s trying to save his a$$. Thank you, NEXT!🥱
He's human. We make mistakes. I forgive him.
Putting it up on the second channel is disingenuous. Takes the remorse out of that apology
Just because you are low risk doesn’t mean you’re not going to come into contact with those who are high risk.
“Admitting when I’m wrong”  Proceeds to give us a million reasons why it’s ok for him to do what he wants and why we’re wrong
What’s going on-
Wow Dr. Mike lol you sure are a hypocrite. Maybe you should stop telling people how to live their lives and just live your own...
Don’t you think all of us can make our own risk assessments? Just shows he doesn’t really believe in what he is preaching.
We all mess up sometimes, we try to cope with the fact we messed up, but we should just accept that we messed up and use this messing up to improve. I hope, even if you messed up a lot this time, you can learn and be a better example next time. Also, please go in depth with your problems and make a video in your main channel, we know you are coping, but, please, it's time to assume full responsibility.
Someone fill me in, what did he do?
I hope you paid the PR person well who came up with this BS. I followed you for years, but after what we went through with CoVid, that you SAW us going through, and you still did this? Nah, hard pass. Nurses don’t forget and you know that.
Put this on your main channel, you coward
I lost most of my trust in you, Mike. I didn't celebrate my birthday. I didn't celebrate ANY of my loved ones birthdays. Millions of people worldwide gave up so much this year based on the medical guidelines, wich you were the main voice to here in youtube.   Shame on you. And shame on you again for not coming public with this in your main channel.   "I felt happy for the first time" that's just bs... You don't deserve happiness any more than the rest of us.  What a disappointed.
Mate, you didn't did anything wrong. Everyone deserves a little of time, a little of happiness and even to bend the rules sometimes, we are all humans and we all need to release steam. Specially with all you do on your work line. Don't hear or care what the people say. You are really educating on youtube and helping people on real live.
I’m JUST finding out about this because he didn’t post it on his main channel. Plain disappointed and frustrated at this point. And that’s at least partially because I’m currently self-isolating after being directly exposed AT WORK (not a party lol). I’m not getting paid and I’m also concerned for my family members. But mostly because it’s been 9-10 months of “Stay at home.” “Wear masks”. “Don’t go to parties” “Be responsible”.  only to find this video just kind of hiding out here on his smaller channel. I’m feeling a lot lol. 🤷🏼‍♀️  Edit: “I will try to be more transparent and honest.” Again. The not posting this on the main channel is what’s getting to me. I’m not a believer in cancel culture. But I am REALLY struggling with this one. It just seems to be a classic “Sorry I got caught” apology.
hypocrite
I'd still give him a blow
Atleast he chose to post a link on his main channel community tab stop with the hatee!!
When...when are you gonna learn that your actions have consequences
Everyone makes mistakes... Just saw your video. We all have to learn. You seemed to be very upset by the situation - it's ok to reflect - don't worry too much. Stay happy and healthy ;)
Everyone trashing Dr. Mike on here are a bunch of hypocrites. Anyone on here would have done the same exact thing give the chance.  At lease he is owning up to his mistakes in making this video. How many of you have owned up to your mistakes. Need to quit it with this cancel culture bs
Dr .Mike I have always had a respect for you and I still do and Im also one of your loyal viewers and I am happy that ur admitting ur mistake just ignore the negative comments and be proud of what ur achieved and I'm gonna wish u great year 2021 we r all gonna have  Love you and support you Mike 😊😊
Its just not ok to do that i don't think you can apologize that...he should have known better and he even has more responsibility then just a normal person because he is a doctor and would be in contact with vulnerable, old or already sick patients...and ya why not on the main channel because his followers would not forgive or believe him as well?
If you people care this much on what this guy does, then you are low life ignorant people who need to go live their own life.
Rules for thee but not for me
Oh dear..... I heard something about this and didn’t think it was true!!
Why in this channel? There's millions of viewers on the other one!!!! I found out for bouncing videos, and not for you. So if you are really sorry, do the right thing. Apologize on the other channel. WE DESERVE IT
doctors can go to parties?   me too then whos gonna join? 🥰🎉🥳💃
This is why I’m going into veterinary medicine; people can’t be trusted. I really enjoyed your educational content, but this whole incident has made it clear where your priorities lie. You didn’t make a mistake; you made a choice at the expense of your patients and the people around you. Both this incident and the way you handled it have been a dangerous blow to the credibility of the medical and scientific communities during a time when we are already struggling with distrust from the public.
Unpopular opinion. Don’t apologize. Everyone is a hypocrite. Sounds like you thought about it, weighed the situation and made a decision. Yeah COVID is serious but so is mental health and living life. Just be smart and do right by your PTs. That’s all anyone can expect from you. Coming from a medic that has seen his share of this pandemic.
I love your videos...but you really needed to go to the CDC website and get that information?? What you did is understandable, you don't need to make excuses we have all been caught up in the moment. Nobody is perfect. Not even you McDreamy ;)
The CDC guidelines say not to wear a mask when there is a likelihood of it getting wet. Ya really gonna sit hear and act like you are too worried you'd fall off the yacht or something to wear a mask?
The title is misleading, it should be 'justification video' skrrt.
I know I said I wouldn't idolize famous people anymore but this one really stings
Then why didn't you post it on ur main channel y did u post it on ur smaller one
I’m disappointed
1. There are 15 people on the boat 2. You're a doctor, going in seeing patients and possible spreading the virus if you did catch it 3. You said you'll be 'honest' yet you have have bots deleting comments about this on your main channel 4. You can even address this on your main channel. Why? You're scared you'll lose subscribers? Yeah, you might, but people are going to respect you more if you just own up to what you did. 5. You're supposed to be a doctor. Whether you followed the guidelines or not, what message are you spreading?
The simplest thing he could have done was just say "don't worry we all got tested the day before," and we would have all believed him and this whole thing wouldn't be a controversy. But it's quite obvious they did not take precautions like everyone getting tested before they hung out which is why this is so bad :/
I would have forgiven him if he didn't try to hide this apology to protect his reputation. Majority of his fans don't even know about this.
This needs to be on your main channel. And it needs to show you actually apologizing. No need for excuses, you are human, made a mistake. Own up to it and say sorry. The rest sounds like bullshit and you seem like a complete hypocrite.
I'm confused, people are mad because he went on a private boat?
What about all the other people there? Do you know their risk levels? Do you know if they will follow correct quarantine and testing protocols?
thanks for the introduction about the corona, I can add it to my essay
Bro, you came to my home and didn’t wear a mask?! Come on man!!!! You know you could have worn a mask on a boat. I have so much respect for you as a doctor. But now you came to my home in Miami. And you didn’t wear a mask. You could have directly contributed to making it more unsafe in my community. I’m sitting here wearing a mask inside my building every time I open my front door, every time I walk my dog, even when I take the trash out. When you don’t wear a mask, you could have spread it to anyone on that boat and vica versa. Then I pass you on the street or at Walgreens etc. Don’t come to my home and not wear a mask please.
Wake up people, celebrities are naturally inclined to become egomaniacs if they weren't already to begin with, and will not associate themselves with the rules that apply to the common people.
I am a Covid ICU Nurse in India and I can attest to this that every other Doctor or Nurse have broken the Covid 19 Isolation guidlines because of the boredome and depression of the Isolation and do a get together with friends. Its just that most of us don't have a 6 million following who  can be a judge and point fingers at us. Its OK he is a human and humans need mental ventilation and social gathering it can't be helped. He atleast accepted his mistake and apologised to everyone. I dont think anyone can do that.
* mike drop *
First of all, this should've been on your main channel. Second, why can't you just give us a straight up apology and tell us the truth? Stop making excuses and just admit you were willing to risk lives so you could party on a boat with a bunch of hot women that you have never met before in your entire life.
Disappointed
You usually come across as genuine and honest, this video is the first time I've got the impression that you're being evasive. People are tired of rich celebrities telling us one thing and doing another. This debacle seems  to indicate that your internet personality is a lie.
Honestly Dr. Mike, I’m just disappointed.
Thought he'd just gone on a normal boat trip before seeing the image, turns out he's out here partying on a boat without anyone wearing masks *smh*
We understand doc, I'm sad that some are being close minded. Yeah you did a mess but i know that you won't do it again so i forgive you. Yeah oartying is a big no but you were surprised by your friends but your responsibility checking everything before actually partying is great. Even though there is a big chance of spreading the virus sometimes you get selfish and fall for the temptation of partying because the fact that your friends give efforts to surprise you and all that factors for u to give in. You're just a human too and i really understand. Yes you are wrong and you know that to yourself thats all that matters to me. Because some, know they are wrong but they keep on justifying etc. Anyways. Keepsafe doc😊☺️ Don't be stressed about the hates they will come they will also go, don't fall for those hates just continue to be you and to be a good doctor for us. Thank you for everything💜
What a horrible propagandist of the incoming global techno-sanitary dictatorship!.. Masks are useless and even harmful...but gloves to fondle the plastic boobs on that sleazy yacht surely not! You failed again!.. Moral: A PHD never makes you a doctor!...
When you advocate for something your actions will be compared against it 🤷🏽‍♂️. You advocate for science and dont want science to be "put down" when you "made a mistake"?¿   I dont get this at all.   YOUR FRIENDS!??? care that less about you/ your patients / EVEN YOUR PLATFORM??? 😪
YAWNNNNN
I'm not suprised this would come about, I mean come on? What do expect from influencers. Just imagine actual doctors on the line who aren't youtubers, you think they're saints? Yes he's human indeed he'll definitely do things behind the scenes that no one will ever know about. I'm not backing Mike on this, I'm only suprised that amount of people actually think professionals as "clean" as seem, wouldn't think to do something very questionable and that could harm their reputation.
Hey guys you think the right opinion would make a video on this,don really know if he ever dealt with this kind of stuff but I would be elated.
Why is this not on your main channel? 🤔
To be honest, on that boat you werent a doctor, you were a human. And yes im sitting here in germany where the situation is quite different, but in my eyes, you shouldnt have to apologize. You are a human too and youve done so much for your patients, for youtube and for your country, you should be able to leave the stress at work behind and have some fun while youre visiting friends.  I think the people are being to harsh on you.  Nonetheless, I think that this apologie makes you so much more likeable and trustworthy.
What a nonce
This wasn't a mistake. A mistake is when you lock yourself out of your office because you forgot your keys -- that sort of thing.  You made a choice and knew fully well all along that you were blatantly and hypocritically doing EXACTLY what you constantly lectured others not to do.    And I don't give a hoot that you were taking precautions and following guidelines.  That statement of yours heavily implies that you think you & your friends are smart enough to do that -- but that the rest of us aren't.   Bullshit.  We ARE smart enough, Doctor.  We ARE smart enough to know how to live our lives while taking common-sense precautions regarding this virus.    Getting tired of certain people, be they politicians or doctors or whoever else, thinking that the rest of us must be put under more stringent rules than the "enlightened class" because we're just a bunch of unintelligent, knuckle-dragging dumbasses.  The nerve!  You've joined a large and growing club of people who seem to think that the COVID rules they lecture everyone else about somehow don't apply to them.  We're perfectly capable of following the same guidelines & precautions that you offered as an excuse for your own acutely hypocritical behavior.   Nobody's perfect, I get that. I am certainly not. That's why I'm entirely willing to forgive.  But that doesn't mean I have to forget.    Nor does it mean I have to ignore the fact that this is just another addition to the huge pile of examples of COVID hypocrisy being thrown at us while everyone else has to lock down, close their businesses, and deteriorate into poverty and depression.    Example after example after example of COVID hypocrisy coming from our political class, and now from our medical class -- which makes me truly wonder if this is, and indeed ever was, really about health.
This was a joke,right?? 😂😂 4 minutes of a DOCTOR justifying itself why it went against everything it stands for and  don't play the victim card is embarrassing😤 dont attack science are you stupid? that's what those trolls were waiting for you, you spit on everyone's effort, on everyone that work hard, on everyone that hasn't seen its loved ones out of precaution, on everyone that has lost someone due to people with 2 brain cells like the ones you hang out with,  your tribe is who you are, if they knew you had a strong backbone they would know you would never agree to a freaking party during a freaking pandemic. This was not a mistake,this was a proof of  your faulty character.
I lost all credibility for "the experts" long ago
Cultural incompetent Doctor.  Well done.
I don’t personally know if the amount of weight that was shucked on you was legitimate.   I look to you as a virtual mentor as I build my career as a physician. As physicians one of our jobs is to calculate risks. It’s the chemo vs cancer debate.   I think that what you did was an honest evaluation of the risks and benefits. In a sense, you gave yourself informed consent.   I think as much as we are concerned that people will take this experience and use it as an excuse to discredit the virus, I think that it is also just as dangerous to discredit you. You are a physician, and expert in your field. You did the research for risk evaluation. You followed quarantine protocol.   COVID is a dangerous threat to our society. But that doesn’t mean that it is the ONLY danger to our society. And mental health is a huge part of that. I have seen more exhausted health care workers than ever before.   So for me, as a student doctor. I feel that you were responsible in your research and assessment. You have my support and my respect.  You do have the right to the pursuit of happiness.
hypocrite
is this a joke?
I’m over this. Inexcusable and ridiculous. Unsubscribed as I do not support this ridiculous behavior from a health provider. How absolutely irresponsible and this apology is GARBAGE
Thank you, next
All I hear is a bunch of excuses. As someone who works in health care he should have worn a mask even if he was only seeing one person
Needs to be posted on the main channel.
I was really a fan, and I loved your personality, but you’re still very excited and happy about the surprise boat party which just shows that you’re not sorry, and you don’t regret anything. Another aspect that shows that you aren’t sorry is the “sorry but” feel of the entire video. It’s aggressive and definitely not an apology.
It is extremely sad that he has gotten so much negativity from the public. This is a perfect example of how social media harms people. Dr. Mike is a doctor in a very difficult area at this time. Doctors and nurses across the country have been reporting how low morale is. We have medical professionals dealing with really sad things so much so that they are committing suicide. So why would we take to the internet to tear down someone who has been fighting for his patients simply because he slipped up and had some ill advisable fun. They took precautions he talked it through before he went and he cleared his trip with the hospital. Yeah it wasn't a great decision, but how many people do you know who made poor decisions in the past 6 months. People need to lay off and let him be a human, he has faced a truly terrible year.
WHY ISN'T THIS APOLOGY ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL DR MIKE???
Since the pandemic started I have never went to a gym nor went swimming to be sure I was safe, not happy about it because I have fibromyalgia BUT I am VERY susceptible to ANY kind of sickness going around I have been that way all my life. I always get the sickness longer then most people and more severe. So to say I'm disappointed would be a understatement I really looked up to you for advice about Covid and respected you, my respect for you has very much declined since you went to that boat party with NO masks. I am never going to spread hate or any of that sort of emotions but I can say I'm very disappointed in you as a doctor and an influencer. Do better.
yeah, stfu.
We have a saying: do what the priests says, not what he does. Chill out people, he s a human with flaws, everybody can take a wrong step. That being said, it doesn't take away from the information he s delivering. I do believe he could have put this video on his official channel though.
This guy is a hypocrite
'Mistakes happens we are humans after all'..
Doctors are humans to! If random people can have a party so can he. You need to stop finding a way to attack people. Sure he messed up but at least he apologized. He could have ignored it. You guys need to stop and if you think what he did was wrong unsubscribe and leave. No reason to post all of these negative comments about stuff he already knows
Wow this it just sad
i understand were you guys hating on him are coming from but everybody makes mistakes
People are so quick to judge and hate. You still have my support ❤️
He is human yes, but he made a huge mistake that a lot of people are doing and celebrities are too! but I am going to be mature and forgive him but I wont forget of course! You are a doctor right? you know the risk's!!
‼️ doctors are human beings too ‼️   that being said, we really gotta stop putting people on a pedestal because their poo stank too
I watched my gran cry when she realised my cousins couldn’t come over for Christmas. I have not seen my boyfriend in months. I want to see the people I love more than anything in the world, I didn’t come home from university until I was tested twice and isolated. To here doctor, who preaches for everyone to take this virus seriously to keep everyone safe is partying on a boat cause they don’t think it will impact THEIR life? You have patients who don’t have the immunity they need to fight the virus. My parents are both front line workers and wouldn’t dream of it. As someone who looks up to you I am incredibly disappointed, especially since this video doesn’t feel like a genuine apology. What would have happened if you caught covid from one of your friends and they had a friend who had a shielding family member? Or if you went into work and spread it to your college’s and patients. That wasn’t a mistake to go on that boat, it was a choice. It takes one person to spread it to hundreds which you very well know and I expected better from you.  Edit: I just realised you didn’t even post it on your main channel, no wonder I’m not finding this out until now. If you are sincere about your apology, you wouldn’t hide the topic from your main audience
Don't apologize Dr Mike. People just have nothing better to do. F the hate mob. I'm pretty sure everyone is not following protocol a hundred percent and it has nothing to do with you. So F those youtubers and the trolls.
No, I don't believe anything you say anymore. Your hypocritical actions have broken the trust. Its clear you're only sorry you got caught. Bye forever but peace and love to everyone. Ps why isn't this on your main channel?🤨
All the anti maskers in the comments lol. They are thrilled he did this.
Scripted. The fact that you failed to post this “apology” on your main channel with 6.5M subs shows how insincere you are. The fact that you’re putting the blame on your friends for a “surprise party” or blaming conspiracy theorist to take the focus off what you did wrong shows that you’re really not sorry. If you’re going to make an apology video just get to the point & take full responsibility. That’s why we don’t like you anymore.
Soo what I’m getting at here is that every person is supposed to not make a mistake? This is the first I’ve ever seen him do something so wrong. It was not ok to do this, but he’s apologizing for his actions why can’t everyone just accept that. It doesn’t have anything to do with us it’s not like he’s around everyone in his comments.
D:
Why apologize for following CDC guidelines properly? If the mask wasn't helpful to wear at that point, then why wear it? This is an apology from an influencer, not a doctor. Yes people watch your actions, but as long as you can come back and say "I followed the guidelines." then why do you need to add "I should have worn a mask anyway so you people wear your masks"
We are all human and we all are sick of this pandemic. It's great that you can see your mistakes and learn from them, it's very mature. :)
I don't really get what the issue is, it sounds like he followed all the guidelines.
So disappointed and disgusting.  This was so hypocritical and dangerous in terms of spreading Covid and causing people to take it less seriously, which is already a major problem. You should not be practicing medicine if you’re going to be this reckless
I remember your video about NO PARTIES even if you are 6 feet apart. Nice to see that it's rules for thee but not for me. You are full of it.  And this should be on your main channel for everyone to see.
Shut up
Seems like you just wanted to party with a bunch of woman for birthday and didn't care about the consequences
I know you’re only human Dr Mike, we all are, BUT you did this, and you’re giving excuses? You’re a doctor! I actually told someone to check your videos out to get more info on Covid but now I regret telling them that. I’m disappointed :(
This is a good apology, forgiven in my book. No one is perfect, thank you for being honest and for all your hard work.
i can’t believe we have to lecture a *doctor* on coronavirus. to think he’s seen the worst of this outbreak and STILL partied... it’s gross.
Post this on your main channel
I am almost not leaving the house since March.  I was trusting your opinions in a way. I don't think that you being tested negative changes anything. Shame on you.
Yo you are canceled
You don’t deserve the vaccine shot
Why aren’t you posting this on your main channel are you just scared people might unsubscribe :)
Wierd question but if you look at the girl in the pink bra on the right side of the boat photo, is that adult actress Victoria June or am I tripping?
I will just let it slide I guess, everyone makes mistakes. Just let's try not to repeat them again
Everyone makes mistakes. You're a doctor who made a calculated and educated risk assessment and I get it. People are way too harsh these days.
Zero balls to put the apology on your main channel
Dude, you lost me at "my friend gave me a boat as a birthday present" That makes the carelessness so much more gross, sitting on this much priviledge and then just f***ing around for fun without thinking about other people
i didn’t even know about this until i watched Dr. Grande’s video because you posted this on your side channel. why not on your main where your followers are? damage control?
Bye bye You sanctimonious hypocrite
The thing is, even if you searched the guidelines and was going to quarantine, the picture doesn't say that. People see the photo and think its okay, especially since you're an influence
And why is this not posted on your original channel and instead on this smaller one? This isn't a "clip" from another video, this IS the video!!!
Sooo... if my friends throw me a surprise party then I'm excused from having to social distance? Cool! Let's all get our friends to throw us surprise parties! Hypocrite.
You shouldve uploaded it to your maun channel.
Unsubbed
Dr. Mike, at the end you say, "I will continue to be transparent and honest." Your behavior before and after this "apology" determined that to be a lie. At the very least, if you were being transparent after this "apology" you would have posted it on your main channel.   I wish you had consulted with a PR company, or, if you did, a better PR company. This scripted/practiced "apology" insults your smart subscribers.
I love watching their "apologies," they're all smug and arrogant and full of BS even when they're caught. Hysterical.
Bruh did u just say u were following the guidelines HOW CAN YOU SAY THATTTTTT OMFGGGGGGG yeah u should be apoliging to me you're right while I'm sitting here studying for my medical degree youre out here doing this
You literally didn't admit you were wrong you justified it for at least two minutes
WOW are you serious right now?? Youre talking about how ur young and healthy so it's okay? WHAT ABOUT YOU CONTRIBUTING TO THE SPREAD OF THE VIRUS? Just because you'll be okay doesn't mean someone else will be. I can't even believe you are a doctor. I am so disappointed and will no longer be involved with either channel.
How did Dr. Mike not say, "Hey! You guys! Have you not been watching me and the other doctors? You know we can't do this." ?? And I would like to know the stats on the COVID that was spread from this party. There is no way that nobody at or related to anybody at this party got COVID.   And how dumb is the person who posted the photos and clips online. Clearly that person wants to flaunt the breaking of rules. So is that a good friend of Dr. Mike like he says? He's good friends with people who break the rules and flaunt that? I doubt it. And that it to say that I doubt he's close friends with all those people.  And was his dad at his dad's apartment? That's not made clear. Did he expose his dad to the virus after the boat party?
As someone who has lost my grandma to COVID-19 and who has moved back into their parent's home because of unemployment, I am a bit disappointed. But I don't think any less of you. I knew at the beginning of the pandemic that you, like all other touch starved, lonely humans, would mess up and make a poor decision at some point. I thought you'd have more tact going about it, but I am not surprised, not angry, and not going to stop watching your videos or doubt your videos on COVID-19. I miss my grandma terribly, but I've grown ro accept that a few mess ups are natural. As long as you take this lesson to heart. And I'm sorry to all who have suffered because of this pandemic. It hurts. Really, really badly.
New lesson: Don't trust people you look/looked up to.
It's okay, Doctor Mike. Personally, I'm a very adamant proponent of evaluating the merits of advice on their own basis whether than wondering what the human being espousing them is doing. The science is right and the message has value. That's what matters.
He has no reason to apologize. They were all tested and negative. He followed guidelines. To me he did everything he needed to stay safe. People that are mad are the same ones going to family houses for the holidays. He is a person. And he could have ignored everything. But if he followed guidelines what is the problem?
My respect to him went 📉📉📉📉📉
Dude, you missed the chance to name this video  “Making excuses on why I partied in the middle of a pandemic mask-less”
Here's the thing Mike, I feel like there was a reason your friends thought this group gathering on a private boat was a good idea. I believe you want to be the doctor you have portrayed to us, but that doctor would have refused this type of party. Did you know for certain EVERY SINGLE ONE of your friends got tested and that they are NEVER in contact with anyone at risk in their day to day? No, there's no way you could. Therefore, you should have refused and came up with a different way to celebrate. You lost alot if not all trust and creditably. You HAD to have known it was wrong yet you gave reasons/excuses from the jump. Super disappointed. You were probably the one doctor we all thought we could trust.
Listen, you don't need us to downplay Covids risks. You did that yourself. How in the hell are we supposed to respect your "Rules for thee but not for me" attitude? As a DOCTOR?
And I had to let my 18 year old child sit ALONE in the ICU after having 8 severe seizures dying because of people like YOU!!!!!! It’s not about YOU it’s about human life and EVERYONE around you!!
"We're socially isolated." "I wear a mask when I'm in the gym exercising." -Dr. Mike, 2020 The hypocriiiiiissssyyyyy
Hipocryt
No one is perfect , its part of the human experience.  Life is hard right now, I'm glad u had a good birthday. It's easy to judge and be harsh with some one who is under the spot light all the time. Covid is real, but so is compassion and grace. So many people remove their masks when they decide it's ok, the difference here , is that they dont have a following waiting to judge them. 🦹‍♀️♥️
sheez!!! cut the guy some slack, we all make mistakes, but i agree that this should be on his main channel and not this channel.
😬   I currently have Corona and I've tested Positive TWICE already. I've been stuck in my room quarantined for 5 weeks. I've missed out on Thanksgiving and if I test positive again I'll miss out on spending Christmas with my family. I've been feeling depressed and I can't go back to work until I test negative. Which means I have no money to buy food or pay my rent. So it kinda annoys me when people think its completely fake and everyone is exaggerating while my life is being ruined.
My 93 year old grandmother is shoved away in a nursing home and I can't visit her. When we call her you can tell she's depressed and misses her family. I'm sorry but Doctor Mike you can go screw yourself, this apology was weak.
Unpopular opinion: this is on the alt account to boost subscribers on it
I have been looking for a statement on this on his main channel and was so disappointed I didn't find it.  Yes, I will unsub, for a while. Is that cancel culture? I don't know. I just really find it hard right now to listen to watch his videos. I am so disappointed. Not only by the fact itself but by how he handled this. Were this something that happened in a real life friendship, I'd need some space as well.   I don't see cancel culture at work here. I see people expressing their disappointed, disillusionment and frustration. And to me they have every right to do that. As have those who feel like it is not a big deal.
"COVID-19 IS SERIOUS" Literally 99,9% of the population didn't die from it and most people recovered. Go get fucked, Mike.
I know you have no children, but I can tell from this that you would be a "do as I say, not as I do," kind of parent. You had literally millions of people who trusted you and an opportunity to have a significant life-saving effect on public health, but you threw that all away for a mere moment of insignificant self-gratification. Hope that boat party was worth it.
COVID is a joke, Dr. Mike partying proves it.
Medical privilege 😄
Hypocritical BS. Nothing different. Walk your talk.
Are you really sorry?
D I S A P P O I N T E D .
This isn't an apology this is misdirection to place the blame on other things than himself.
what an absolute tool
What’s up with the wave of new and very old accounts with zero subscriptions posting comments for the first time complimenting doc on his honesty and bashing the _haters?_  This is getting creepy.
Leave him alone, he’s human. love ya Dr.Mike💙
The good thing about sociopaths and smooth, charming, somatic narcissists like Dr. Mike here, is that they will always get caught in their own hypocrisies. See, Lord & Savior Dr. Mike doesn’t need to adhere to anyone or anything; we do. While he’s berating the unwashed masses on how they’re ending grandmas life by wanting to go to work, he’s partying on a yacht and drinking champagne with a crowd of elite, rich & popular people, and doesn’t he look so good doing it? The mask would only get in the way of his handsome face and he’s young! Very low risk! (Except other young people, don’t hurt grandma.) Why should he have to socially distance on his birthday? (Unless it’s your birthday, you don’t want to be a life ender, do you? DO YOU??) Keep exposing yourselves, hypocrites & narcissists. We see you... 🙂💙
Well guess what everyone (especially the negative viewers) this man made a mistake, but he's got the balls to admit it which isn't easy especially if ur a doctor. And he's got a really really big point when he said (attack me, don't attack the science) because as he said some people want to take advantage of that by using it in a way that makes there point of view (no need for masks) on higher grounds so people agree. But instead of saying Dr. Mike isn't following the rules, they say that doc are lying and there's no need for masks. Excuse me for my language but that's f*cked up.
of course you didn't upload this on your main channel, you weasel :)))
Really you guys are bashing him mainly because he is a doctor. Let’s all be honest with ourselves, in this whole year have YOU followed all cdc guidelines? Yeah probably not, no one is perfect. It’s disgusting to see the minute a man whose done a lot to help his community in his personal as well as professional life makes a “mistake” or something you do not agree with you bash him. I bet you all feel so great about yourselves gaining up on someone 🙄
So many people are being negative tbh but he is human and we make mistakes. People in comments are being so condescending as if they’ve never made any mistakes. I get that he should’ve thought this through before doing it but now there’s nothing he can do. We’ll have to see if he has truly learnt from his mistake but no need for this attack in the comments. I’m disappointed that he didn’t post this on his main though...
He's not even man enough to post this in his main channel. Deleting negative comments
How much cocaine was consumed at that party bruh
Rat narcissist
There are so many people struggling right now....being a public figure or not you should do your best to stop this pandemic. You are part of the healthcare system cmon that isn’t just a big disrespect to your colleagues (in the US and around the globe) but to all the other people who are doing their best and compromising A LOT and actually being respectful and responsible...let’s all do better please, love to everyone who reads this
You are the one who fueled the conspiracy theorists. Should have been extra careful, not posed for a pic, shouldn’t have even went. I know you are deeply sorry but your credibility has taken a hit and now you really can’t be cited when we want to tell people COVID is not a hoax.
I’m on your side Dr Mike stay strong through this rough patch! Just because of this doesn’t mean you’ve lost any of your credibility you’re still an extremely successful and knowledgeable doctor. Thanks for your service and for all the knowledge you’ve spread on the internet !! Such success and fame at a young age is wonderful, but can be a lot to handle, don’t let it get to your head tho, stay humble always
Dr Mike was claimed as the most perfect human by all his followers for so long and he makes one mistake and y’all freak out because you want him to be perfect. Geez he’s only human y’all
Can't believe I had some respect for Mike. I'm honestly not surprised anymore that people with a huge following, who are celebrities, influencers, youtubers, etc, don't give a damned about this pandemic. They think they're untouchable. I've lost count of how many famous people I've lost respect for this year.
Thank God this has more downvotes than upvotes. Some faith is restored. People know when something isn't right. I unsubscribed immediately.
It would take just one of you to be covid positive!
Why are people like this. A popular person does something bad it's gets posted everywhere and that person is criticised and hated until they either give up or quit. This is so bad, Some non recognised person kill people it's told and on the news then boom everyone forgets about them. Ya I know he did do a wrong thing but y'all can't lie that you have not gone out in the covid period. Like most people is milking this one thing just to get views. Stop hating on him  he has to have some fun too
You're sorry you got caught
Obviously you are not frightened by the virus at all.
I mean, on one hand being outside tremendously lowers risk for COVID transmission. So I get it. But on the other hand, it's just weird to go to another state and party with friends during a pandemic. I haven't seen my friends in almost a year.
LMAAAOOOOOOO
d1ckhead, if you were truly honest post a proper apology on your main channel.
You are a joke.
1:04 "eight adults plus childrens" the picture that made you got caught included 15 people. "we were well below that"
A phrase from a certain movie comes to mind... "you were supposed to be the chosen one!" :D
I used to use your videos to help educate my students in high school about the pandemic. That will never happen again. I'm highly disappointed in your choices here. Whatever the CDC guidelines say, you know that taking a trip and doing these activities increased the risk of spreading the virus. Millions of people are sacrificing daily to help fight this and you chose to ignore all of that. To make matters worse, your apology video is barely an apology video (you spent half of it justifying your actions) and you weren't even honorable enough to post it to your main channel. I used to respect your advice and views even when I didn't fully agree, but you have severely damaged that respect. I hope you take further actions to truly show you are sorry about this.
This is so disappointing, especially since you didn't even put it on your main channel. I just happened hear about this apology vid through a related video made by a completely different youtuber.  If you really wanted to own up to this, you'd put it on your main channel.
I find this video misleading; you say you were under the limit of people allowed on the boat. The screenshot you show @1:00 says “maximum of 10 on the boat”... based on this video, I would have assumed you complied with these guidelines but if it wasn’t because of the leaked pictures that you did not show on this video, I would have not known that you were at least 15 people! This just adds to the insincerity of this video. Prioritize the truth instead of your image.
You don’t take it seriously, bro! C’mon...hahahahaha
Post this on your main channel. Also he puts on his glasses to make himself look more relatable. Similar to people on trial making themselves look fatter and more pathetic. To gain sympathy
People are dying and he's partying  and just an apology video isn't enough like are u serious  if your  mum or dad got infected  because of this man will you be mad???
This quack does not believe the coronavirus is dangerous, but then atleast don't act hypocritical by telling everyone to stay home. Anti-maskers are much better than him because atleast they don't pretend it and are upfront about.
"Is it okay if I throw a mini party but we all stay six feet apart? The answer to this question is a hard no. Social distancing means physical distancing, and more than six feet apart. The reason why we give the six feet guidance is in case you HAVE to go out to do your grocery shopping or you're an essential employee like a doctor or nurse." --Doctor Mike
The hypocrisy. and to mention the girl from the video that said "this is life" is an ignorant.
Hypocrisy 101: Advocate for black and white adherence to health protocols and then break said protocols. Get caught and then post a non-apology in a throwaway side channel and add insult to injury by saying "risk is a spectrum".
RIP Dr Mike is cancelled FeelsBadMan
What's one more comment in 28 thousand? just one more angry fan. But not for the usual reasons. Just admit the "science" behind this doesn't justify the drastic social adjustments being tyrannically forced down our throats. Good for you for taking risks and being ready to face the consequences. Just don't tell everyone else to live differently you twat.
He aint sorry. Hes only sorry he got caught
forgive you, we all mess up
why you dont donate some of all money your covid videos let you get to those who really needs as way to excuse!!!
What is sad about this is he won't be able to talk about Covid now without his poor decision coming up to bite him.   He had a lot of influence on reinforcing public health messages but now he has lost that trust from viewers which is a very unfortunate consequence of his actions.  Influencer are people and they make mistakes. However, the impact of their mistakes can be much bigger than the average person.   This is all very sad. No winners here.
You clearly dont care about this. You posted this on a side account. Also how is this taking accountability when all you do is just justify it? What is up with these big people acting like the virus just doesn’t effect them. I honestly trusted his opinion :/
Bruh all you did was legit go to a party like you don’t have to apologize hahaha people are legit insane
Sweetness, please post this to your main channel, to Instagram, FB etc. It's sincere, honest and real. Don't hide,  cuz all humans are imperfect and we need to see it from the people we reapect. And so far, I love your willingness to be objective, factual, science driven and still willing to learn. ✌👌❤
Bro theyre haters
Omg I just started watching you yesterday, you’re already canceled my guy common😭✋🏾
You are a massive hypocrite. You are only apologizing because you were finally caught.
Man, you just lost ALL credibility in my eyes. You KNEW you shouldn’t have gone, got selfish/elitist and went anyway. Then apologize on a minor sub-channel. This is WAY MORE THAN A MISTAKE. This was a toddler doing what they want and screw everyone else.  Way to make all of us in the science/healthcare industry look like two-faced assholes.  You want to make amends?  Shut down your social media accounts and go back to work. Quietly. You don’t have the maturity needed to hold the public’s confidence.
I didn’t get to say goodbye to my grandfather when he died but he’s saying that it’s hard for him because he wanted to be able to celebrate his birthday with friends? Get on a zoom call like the rest of us.
At one point he said that he’s bothered by people using his actions as an excuse to not take COVID seriously but he doesn’t have a right to be upset about that. He is an influencer. People look up to him and if they see a healthcare professional downplaying the risks by continuing to be in public spaces with large groups then naturally they won’t see it as the big deal it actually is. Also he said he went to Miami to see his dad. He says “I’m healthy and young” but I assume his dad is in the vulnerable group. So there is that. He put his father at risk. As well as all his patients. Tests are only good for the second they’re taken. Also saying there is not a “one size fits all” is not true. I am a nursing student and our clinical almost got cancelled because a group of students decided, like Doctor Mike, that they needed to socialize, so they went to a party and caused an outbreak at the hospital. There is One size fits all when it comes to being smart and listening to guidelines in order to save the most amount of people. Not seeing friends is difficult but necessary. I would think that as a 31 year old doctor you would make wiser choices.
Disappointed but we all make mistakes. He might be hypocritical but the apology does sound genuine so I'll forgive him.
Why do people like this guy. The first time I watched him I thought he was faker then jimmy fallon.
So disappointed in you Unsubscribed You no longer have credibility
As always, rules for thee not for me.  I guessing the whole YouTube thing is just a cash and fame grab.
You let me down Dr. Mike...I love you dude, I respect you and I always follow the guidelines you give us for COVID-19. Probably more than the cdc website because I loved your transparency. A video apology is one thing but you as a medical professional; especially in the public view can’t have double standards. I turned down a trip for my birthday because of a video you posted and finding out about the boat trip you went on gave me mixed feelings. I’m not mad at you for what you did but I am disappointed.
I’m truly disappointed in him. He is a medical professional who has a large platform. Stop calling it a mistake. He knew full well what he was doing. I don’t think we should cancel him, however I no longer have interest in his videos. I have also unsubscribed to his channel. I can’t put my trust for good medical advice in someone who can’t practice what they preach.
My 9 year old just counted 3 excuses you made in 45 seconds 😂
Post this on the main channel you coward
Mah fucka grovelling
Fake
Not even 5 minutes of pure justification.
RULES FOR THEE BUT NOT FOR ME
Young, no health problems are still dying. My sister is a nurse and seeing people die DAILY from this virus and you are showing us they don't matter.  They DO matter. My sister has watched a guy who was 36, no health issues went from just barely unable to breath to ventilated and sent to another city and then he died... get this HE DIED and he had no issues.
This is just sad. Embarrassing.  Lucky the photograph wasn't of you moterboating. Entire video is so cringe my whole phone broke.    Give him that bachelors show already.
We (majority) do no feel sorry for you. This is not about you, even if you're healthy you can pose a risk for others with health issues. As a doctor you SHOULD know that. Deflecting onto other individuals and not taking full responsibility is an act of cowardice. It isn't becoming, nor does it hold any value. I'm just disappointed. 💔
WHY APOLOGIZE FOR BEING WITH FRIENDS AND FAMILY??🤦‍♀️ This is BS!! DID YOU GET COVID OR INFECT SOMEONE WITH COVID BECAUSE OF THIS TRIP??? NO. ENOUGH SAID
shame on you
I used to respect you
🤣😂🤣😂🤣 "friend bought him a boat for his birthday"?! Yeah that happens!
Absolute fake. Just another scam artist. Post this on your main channel and you will have my respect
Mike, why haven't you apologized to your loyal fans on your main channel, where you have many more followers?!  Bad for business?
He had a very severe lapse in judgement, as is blatantly obvious. But I don’t think he deserves to be hated on or boycotted. He made a very stupid decision, yes, but that doesn’t replace his like of work, how many lives he’s saved, and how he appears to be genuinely sorry. My generation is just so unwilling to forgive it hurts to watch. Can we please just stop hating on someone who makes a slight mistake, allow them to learn from it, and move on?
You are the frat boy of doctors.
I can finally throw my boat parties because a doctor says its ok!
My 12 year old was ok with not having a b-day party and you couldn’t stay home🤬🤬🤬 I’m so mad. Stop pretending you care.
This Apology should be on the man channel though
He is a medical professional so yes I understand why ppl are upset. He messed up but give him a break. Do you discredit other medical professionals that don't follow their general medical advise? For example, a pulmologist that smokes, or an overweight PCP telling you to lose weight.  His advise still stands and his medical knowledge is not discredited. Its science.
You can fix everything if you just lose more weight, exercise harder and don’t think about it. Now where’s my pay check.
Dr. Mike, everybody messed up sometimes. we are all humans. but of course, it was not please to watch your behaviour and the whole situation around it. I dont know if you will ever read this. BUT I still support you despite that big party and your mistake. I think you are one of the best doctors in the world and this pandemic is not easy for anybody. Stay strong and take your responsibility.
Hot take but, he took all the precautions. Yeah going at all will cause risk. But going anywhere can. Going to the gym seems to be more dangerous than going on boat trip. If everyone attending knew the risk/reward of the vacation, and knowing the risk was most likely as mitigated as possible.  Yeah SOMEONE is going to be mad at him anything he does. But outside the influencer and doctor, he has HIS own life to live. And to double down, most of us have no idea the mental strain of being a doctor is, so the party is also a way to just forget about all the bad and have fun. FINALLY, deep down if y'all were given the same opportunity, you would have.  So don't throw rocks at glass houses.  He is a human being.  And yeah the video feels like a "im sorry i did it, but hey look at least i was careful" is perfectly fine. He's sorry as an influencer/doctor, but still went because he's a human being.
Your main channel has over 6m subs.  This one doesn't even have half a mil.  I see what u did there dr mike 🤨
I guess this apology is a clip now lmao.
Take the L. Delete your channels.
Who can resist sun burnt tiddies? Not Dr. Mike....
I used to have a lot of respect for you, I really did. I looked up to you and your double standard of hypocrisy has shown your true colours. You're a sell out. You're part of the MSM propaganda machine that is ruining lives. Go duck yourself.
No no no, you don't roll out a fake apology and expect people to just forgive you. I'm 100% sick of these hypocrites saying one thing and doing another. The backlash is well deserved, you're only sorry you got caught. I used to love your content, now I realise that you're just like the rest of them. Then you have the gall to blame conspiracy theorists.
“I live alone so I don’t put anyone else at risk.” You are a doctor!! You put everyone else at risk. Mostly sick patients with cronic conditions. Terrible.
Hey, Dr Mike, look up narcissistic personality disorder.
Called bullshit as soon as you said you went on the cdc website
Dr Fake.
Utter POS.
What a disgusting privileged disgraceful fake.
It’s people like you why we are still in a pandemic.
That looked like more than ten people. Do better.
Practice what you preach.
Why is he talking like a fucking sesame street character, like WE'RE the idiots. The only thing I can think of that's stupider than being a doctor and violating the rules you're preaching, is being a doctor with 6M FOLLOWERS and violating those rules.  Goes to show that a PhD ≠ intelligence
I’m so disappointed ☹️
I don't think you should continue to give medical advice and profit from doing so in the public eye. Delete your channel.
First of all, this should be on your main channel. The guideline you posted said 10 people on boat and there’s more than 10 on the boat in pictures. This just fuels people who don’t believe in masks. I have a cousin on a ventilator because of COVID right now, this is disappointing.
This guys a freaking chameleon.
Everybody just needs to back off a bit. He's human, and we all make mistakes, it's hard not to leave or not to go to party's and what not, but as longs as he took the right percautions afterwords and nobody got sick it's fine. Everyone is a hypocrite sometimes and it's alright in the end so just back off some.
"The virus is deadly and should make us change our entire way of life". Except for when its my life. This hypocrisy is disgusting. "I can make judgements about my risk level" BUT YOU ALL CAN'T
I mean, if those pics weren't leaked, he wouldnt be making this video, and of course, him uploading the video on his small channel. Very smart 😒😒
Everyone forgets what good things this person has done to help people around him. Learn to forgive, and be strict with yourself!
Bye
You're only apologizing because you are forced to. You think it's the only way to continue to make money off of YouTube. Nobody believes it. Hypocrite.
Im pretty disappointed in Dr. Mike. For a couple months he and many others in the medical community lied about masks. They said they didn't work so that medical professionals could stock pile. I get that the front lines needed that, but most Americans would have understood and used cloth masks or found other face covering alternatives.  Instead he and many others lied and said "they don't work!"  How many lives were lost by this... They could have had a nuanced approach saying "please use DIY face coverings" Moreover, Dr Mike stated "I stand by that decision!"  The reason he and many other professionals did that is because they look down upon people and do not trust them to do the right thing. I find it even more sad that he and other folks of this elitist mindset fail to think about their own actions. Even though he followed testing protocols, he should have never been in a maskless situation and be that close to anyone. This is a doctor who treats high risk patients, and testing is far from perfect. I appreciate Dr. Mike admitting he made a mistake. I hope he grows from this and tries to be better on how his actions and words impact others.
Rules are for thee, and not for me.
This reminds me of the story of the anti-gay Hungarian politician who was caught
Hypocrite
So your all skipping over the fact that he was going out to see his dad In Miami, where his friends surprised him with a yacht which he had no idea about. He checked all his guidelines and safety tips to make sure he was safe. He also went on that boat to not disappoint his friends who spent their hard earned  money to give their friend a good time. Your all just horrible for attacking him. People make mistakes and you know that. I bet you have not worn a mask in crowded areas so you have no right to make him seem like he is the only one doing it.
Dude, the mask guidelines for "water activities" don't reeeeeeaallly apply to being on a boat... They're so people don't wear a mask when swimming and waterboard themselves!
‘I need to do better’ really? Lol you know better, but as always all this spoiled people that everyone consider handsome only apologizes when they got caught NOT because he feels is the right thing to do.
Can someone explain y a doctor is googling excuses?!
You didn't even have the integrity to put this on your main channel. 'It feels like I'm being used' oh diddums, I'm sorry that you feel sad after doing stupid things.
Little boy sit down👏😂 So he first makes a video telling everyone that they shouldn’t have a mini party even if it’s 6 ft apart and telling everyone to just stay home. Then, he calls his recent actions  a “mistake” or a “mess up”? You mean a conscience decision Mike?
Just admit you want to be a celebrity doctor. Do your react videos, your prank calls, whatever, and leave the actual doctoring to the people with the mental capacity to make tough choices
Funny how the people who know the most about this pandemic are by far the least afraid of it
You are a hypocrite.
This doesn’t seem like an actual apology, this seems like a lot of excuses, look I’m not faultless in this pandemic myself but I’m not a doctor with a huge following telling others what to do. This isn’t a conspiracy against you or the medical community, this is just accountability.
Literally the stupidest person on the planet with the letters MD after their name.  This clown should be barred from practicing medicine.
I'm very disappointed  :((
If you’re truly sorry then put it on your main channel you coward
"I learned my actions have real consequences"... Listen to yourself. You're an adult, a doctor, one could even say a public figure. Looks like you forgot about your integrity. *shakes head in disappointment*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA but he's sowww hansowwwwwm and wewll spoken uwu led it slidee downt
DR MIKE, you getting together with friends ISN'T THE ISSUE! YOU HAVE THE FREEDOM TO DO SO! The issue is you feeling "responsible" or "educated" enough to make that call for yourself, while at the same time communicating we can't be trusted to make the SAME CHOICE!  Intentional or not, you're pushing propaganda, and just because you feel your medical training gives you the right to endorse certain science as valid/invalid, or feel the message you communicate is for the "greater good", doesn't mean it's worth taking constitutional rights away...  Think about it like this: In the same way you felt you were mature and responsible enough to weigh the risks of your get-together, many of us are weighing the risks of allowing our representatives in government to pass mandates and enforce laws that might follow the same science you see as valid, but encroach on our RIGHTS in ways that is way more dangerous than anything this virus could do!  Oh, and a side note from my separate comment: I'd think you'd know the "water activities" guidelines are so people don't waterboard themselves when swimming, not when partying on a boat!!
"rules for thee, but not for me"
Mr. Mike, I decided to cancel my flight to Mexico two times because of covid. One in june( bought them last year around November) and second this month to hopefully next May. Our reason was due to covid and seriously im scared of it cuz my uncle died of it and my brother who has it is hospitalize.  Im scared I could be carrying the virus or that i or my family may have it while im over there. I know covid cases won't stop next year around May but hopefully daily cases go down.
Disappointed.
I didn't expect this in the doctors world. There is drama.
Why not post this to your main channel and this channel?
Disappointing. Doctor Mike, you were my role model. I am currently  14 year old and i have been watching you and your channel for the past 2  years, you made me realize that i wanted to go into medicine. I stayed at home as much as i could, if i did not have to go somewhere like the doctors or school i stayed at home. I have not seen my friends since the COVID-19 outbreak in romania, and, i have watched every single episode you posted about this subject and not only. I shared your videos i listened to your instructions.And you just disappointed me. As a 14 year old  and i find this absolutely selfish, reckless and overall stupid. if a friend would have told me, without giving any names: ,,hey have you heard about the drama with the doctor that went on a boat  with  a whole bunch of people and did not respect social distancing nor wear a mask.'' i would have said ,, That must be like a BAD doctor, like hah imagine doctor mike reacting to this.'' Now besides all of that this apology seems scripted. If this can be considered an apology,  it is more like you justifying your actions. I am just...... surprised and dissapointed.
You are part of making this year tougher for everyone by spreading more fear than necessary. You're just like all of the other hypocrites telling us we could kill people and to stay home. You got greedy bro. You used your viewers to make money and gain fame. Covid has a 99.9% survival rate. You're not sorry.
His hypocrisy let itself out during this pandemic - he clearly and very quickly discredit the seriousness of the virus very early on its spread, assuming it wouldnt get into the USA and there's no reason to panic while half of the world and impovrished population with no access to decent healthcare are dying on the other side of the planet. And with this issue, he made it clear how privilege and apathetic he is to the same people he's treating just to get in on the fun over at his friends' private boat ride. Disappointed but not surprise. This is just irresponsible, reaks in hypocrisy, downright apathetic and unprofessional.
He is still a human being, still young, maybe still doing stupid things. Do what he says, not what he does, if you are finding value in his suggestions.
I still support you 💙
Sooo he went to a party.  Is that why everyone is mad? I’m confused.
"I went to the CDC website" yeah right bruh🤣
Cllllllown.
Im really disappointed. Of all the famous people I thought were responsible enough not to go out and party...
man all these youtubers doing so well just ending there own career just takes 1 mistake guys  just      1
So he did research but it was a last-minute plan ? Uh-huh.
Should have just apologized instead of justifying yourself. Your a doctor. You could have caught corona, been symptom free and spread it to patients.
if anyone wants to know if he’s being real or not, go to the youtube page “Observe”. the guy who analyzed this video, he’s a specialist for nonverbal behavioral cues. he explains everything about what Dr. Mike says vs. his subconscious and why it’s important.
Like no one as cheated...
I've been following you for quite some time, and it's incredibly heartbreaking to see not take responsibility. The image in my mind that you are a credible person is hurt, like you said, but that's not the issue. You still went with the party even though you knew it's impact, you are giving yourself an excuse. Dr. Mike, if you really care. Just stop.
This might have seemed more genuine if it was on your main channel, instead of a side channel.
Are you even a doctor?
I feel really hurt. Since march, everytime i wanted to do something against the guidelines i would think "Dr. Mike would be disappointed". So i didnt. And now boom. And not even posting this on main channel?
THE AMOUNT OF DISLIKES LOL
the amount of hate in this video is soooooooooooo scary y’all. oh no
That's to bad, Dr Mike. I was subscribed to your main channel - but no more. I believed that you honestly wanted to help and educate people on YT. But this action really tarnished your image. Looks like you are just a pretty face, to whom his YT career and image is more important then your reputation as a doctor and standing up to your words about safety during Covid-19. This apology video doesn't feel honest; it just screams "I was caught red handed". Why wouldn't you put it on main channel where more people can see it? So dissapointing.
I had to find this thru another comment section. Honestly if he was going by the guidelines (I didn’t see any clips of the party), then that’s one thing that’s not amazing but it’s not awful. It’s that he didn’t upload this on his main channel that’s the thing for me.
This whole debacle is not only hypocritical as hell but a case against his credibility as a doctor.
We've been inspired from you for so long. You were my inspiration for being a doctor, amongst many others, to help fellow people. It truly breaks my heart to see someone who so many people idolize, to do something like this. You my kind sir, are a doctor, and you might be putting your dear patients lives at risk.  *I hope you realize you're very privileged*
its so fucking stupid that you didnt put the video on the main chanel
First of all why isn’t this on the main channel, EVERYONE HAS SEEN THE PHOTOS. 🤨🤨 and two, THIS IS WHAT YOU CALL AN APOLOGY?!?
I love to think that people are doing small parties and i couldnt even attend to my grandfathers funerals
Dr. Mike, I have loved your content from the very start. But what you have done is just boisterous exploitation of your privilege. DO NOT PREACH what you cannot practice.  In these trying times, every responsible member of the society is trying to do whatever little is in their power, to keep the medical system up and running by not overburdening it. You sir, are a doctor. You have the same, if not more, responsibility to lead as an example. My grandfather died this year and we straight up REFUSED when someone said they wanted to visit, even though it was a non-covid death. I am deeply saddened by your behaviour.  We support you, but this is just embarrassing.
Put this in the main channel pls
REALLY!🤦🏼‍♀️ i am very disappointed
Dr. Mike if u r reding this, u r only human, u apologized and now all u can do is strive to do better. U deserve to be forgiven, it was a laps in judgement and no one is perfect. God bless u 🙏🏽
I like Dr. Mike but I can understand his side and why ppl are upset....yea he shouldn’t have done it but i see no point in continuing to drag him after he’s already been receiving tons of hate over it. He already did it it’s not like sending him more hate is gonna change anything
Honestly, I never written a comment on any videos before, but I really think it necessary for me to do so! Because I want to speak out about how I personally feel about this whole situation (YOU DON’T HAVE TO AGREE WITH ME, JUST SPEAKING OUT ABOUT HOW I FEEL!!) Okay, I wanna start off by saying to GIVE DR MIKE A BREAK!! What Doctor Mike did may have been wrong, but after all HE’S A HUMAN BEING just like all of us! WE ALL MAKE MISTAKES AND NOBODY IS PERFECT!! I honestly do think we should be more understanding because the pandemic has been tough for EVERYONE! It’s not something any of us has experienced before and we are all learning to adapt to this pandemic!! It has been really hard for many of us to always be quarantined at home and I get it! It gets depressing when we have little to none interactions with our families and friends! It’s really sad and affects our mental healthy! Human communication and interaction is very important for everyone! YES, it is important time for us to sacrifice that right now in order to protect ourselves and the vulnerable people! Though, we have to admit it can be challenging! What I’m trying to say is, what Dr Mike did was wrong, but honestly don’t think it’s necessary to be so harsh on him for just having a little fun during such tough time like this! It was his birthday too! I am not trying to say what he did was okay, but I just think he deserves to be forgiven! At least he knows/admit it himself what he did was wrong and made a mistake that he said he is learning from so why can’t we all just move forward and LET IT GO! I honestly do think he’s a great caring doctor with an great personality and definitely deserves us to give him a second chance! EVERYONE DESERVES A SECOND CHANCE! If you’re gonna stop watching/unsubscribing to his channels then it will only be your lost to the great content he has showed in his videos! Like I honestly enjoy watching him, he’s funny and seems to be a very friendly and caring doctor with honesty advices! I really appreciate all of Dr Mike’s videos because I am learning from the contents that he produced!  Ps: HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY DR. MIKE!!😊
He is citing The New York Times as a source XD I have nothing against that magazine but he is a doctor.. Also this whole apology is a joke. As is he.
1:24 Dr. Mike's reason is not good  He is a doctor who might be living alone but he is coming in contact with patients and doctors who are potentially vulnerable  So , this is not a appropriate/a valid reason
Everyone makes mistakes and it's impossible to be perfect. Hope you're doing okay! Social media can be toxic so don't stress out over this.
Why are you guys coming at him for his personal life yes he’s a doctor but you can tell he took precautions and held a private event He showed u guys at the beginning of the video while the people judging are probably the people that go out to bars and etc being posible carriers of covid. They did it at their own risk no need to come at them for their actions when people don’t judge you for yours specially when you’ve probably taken risks and put others at risk.
I didn't even know this channel existed until I heard another youtuber mention there was controversy surrounding Dr. Mike. Of course I had to look it up and this video was the very first result. Why isn't this on the main channel? It seems like something that should be on there.
Absolutely pathetic.
I'm very disappointed in this decision of yours. I'm willing to give you a second chance but I hope you truly do realize that THOUSANDS of people trust and look up to you, so you have lost a lot of trust with this action because I don't care what the guidelines in Florida were (we have a decent amount of evidence that Florida has been downplaying the severity of the virus/spread), that picture clearly showed you and TOO MANY other people without masks on and were WAY too close together. All the Washington state department of public health ads have been advocating for keeping gatherings small (6-8 people), ensuring everyone keeps their 6 feet distance, and wears masks! If you're not masking up, you should be hyper vigilant to maintain distance. If no one in that group has tested positive for Covid, thank goodness, but still very reckless and bad judgment. I am sorry you felt you needed to make excuses for yourself and were also too ashamed to post this to your main channel. I'm definitely going to be taking a break from your content for awhile. Please try to be better and realize that you carry a huge responsibility to model the behavior you are advocating the rest of us to take as you are a public figure in the healthcare industry. Personally, it hurts to see that you felt that the rules didn't apply to you while many of us are remaining vigilant in mitigating the spread or potential spread, even though it means missing out on celebrating with friends or enjoying the company of family.
HYPOCRITE
No credibility for me anymore
Ur only apologizing cause you got caught so save it lol
i really was rooting for him! the number of people at his boat party was incredibly unprofessional. he needs to own up say he's a hypocrite and move on.. on his main.
You were looked up to. Fair enough if you're sorry, but uploading it on  your second channel fully knowing the majority of your audience is from your main channel, is irresponsible. How can anyone take you seriously after this.
I support you Mike. You’re just a human and yes we are in the middle of a pandemic and yes  you did commit a terrible mistake by going, but people need to cut some slack and become a little more understanding. People who work on the medical field work hard and long hours to help people who contract the virus and are having severe symptoms to it. Mike just wanted to celebrate his belated birthday with friends and again I’m not saying it’s okay to do so, but we need to give him the benefit of the doubt and understand that he is like me and you a human being. That makes mistakes, I will still believe in him and what he stands for because I believe that humans commit mistakes but not all of them have the courage to own up to it. You will probably won’t see this but just know that I still believe in you and that I support you. Hope you’re doing good Dr.Mike! Much love!!
Y'all givin a big deal on it. Come on people! He's just a human.
My sister is in healthcare. Her favorite patient died of covid.
“Risk is a spectrum.” Really? Why even put that there, I don’t trust whatever he’s saying anymore.
On your second, considerably less known channel? Really? That means you really don't mean to apologize honey. You just want it to be swept under the rug.
HE LITERALLY MAKING EXCUSES 😷😷💀💀💀💀💀
This is ridiculous he doesn't need to apologize for anything.  This is still a free country.
You had time to check CDC Guidelines... Get a ticket... Drive to the dock etc.. how did the fact that you're about to do something that undermines EVERYTHING you've been telling millions not cross your mind enough to stop getting on that boat? I know Dr. Mike is human, but this is no longer a mistake and posting this here is digging an even deeper hole. Glad you felt happy but so many bad things can make a person happy and yet are obviously not supposed to be done. This is even more disappointing.
everyone in this comment section disappoints me. Yall seriously going to drag him through the mud because he did something in HIS personal life that didn't suit you. What he does on his own time has nothing to do with you. Grow up and learn your place,  how to forgive, and for God's sake don't ruin someone's career over something stupid.
You should become a BASED doctor to save your career.
I guess that this is as good a proof as any that getting an education doesn't automatically make you smarter or more intelligent, it just gives you more knowledge in a certain field. I can't even fathom how much cognitive dissonance it must take to act like you did, despite constant Covid videos being posted by yourself, and then making excuses afterwards despite the proof we have in picture and video form.
Lol worst apology video ever hope to see you burn in hell with me buddy.
Lol as if the lot of you aren't hypocrites in your own lives. Yes, he's made a mistake, but that doesn't disqualify the medical advice he has given and will continue to give. "You're only apologizing because you were caught." Well, duh. Why would you apologize publicly if it stayed private? It doesn't necessarily mean the apology isn't sincere. He was offered a boat and a good time, something that most of us will only dream of. For someone who's likely exhausted and working a ton, I'm sure that temptation was overwhelming. As if most of you wouldn't have done the same thing.
Unfollowed his page because of this. Doctor who is urging people to not travel and see their families for holidays, but he “evaluated the risk” and determined it okay for his birthday, how convenient...
I really dont see the problem here
you people can get mad all you want but he’s human. He messed up just like we all have. He knows he wrong         and the only reason this is such a big deal is because he puts his life out there. If it was any other doctor who did this nobody would think twice. I understand hes wrong but don’t hate him because he messed up. I’m sure he’s learning just like we all are. Chill out
I really appreciate the sincerity with which you gave this apology. I am a huge believer in doing the research yourself and not depending too fully on any one source. I dont think less of you or think you less credible. Thank you for the vulnerability and I am sorry for those that would think otherwise.
Sir, making an apology video is getting old. You only wanted to admit you were wrong because you got caught. Yet you tell your audiences that we should not have ANY small gatherings during this pandemic and we should stay indoors? I wish you and your young bitches could go to jail for actually breaking the government rules.
Don't worry. One can't be 100 percent correct all the time. You know the problem, fix it, and proceed.
You do not get to turn around and act like that was ok. My birthday, thanksgiving and Christmas has and will be small. Doesn't matter what you follow, you gotta practice what you preach.
Why is this a big deal
Me: My grandfather died during the pandemic and my family had to watch via zoom.   Dr. Mike: I should be able to go a luxurious boat party while I advocate that people stay at home.  The hypocrisy is insurmountable.
not the anti maskers in the comments- HELPP  yall need to chill out asf tho- thinking the doctors are the ones oppressing u-
He posted the apology video on Doctor Mike clips channel instead of Doctor Mike channel  Doctor Mike subscribers -6.49 million subscribers  Doctor Mike clips-71k subscribers  🧐
I don't mean to be a negative nancy here but I decided to listen to the apology video. I decided to give the benefit of the doubt.   I'm 2 1/2 minutes in and I'm listening about how angry you are that naysayers are using you as an example to downplay the pandemic. Let's not pretend you have any reason to be angry except at yourself for HANDING them the ammo they needed. You handed it to them with a smile. You preach this stuff. Let's not pretend that you aren't the biggest hypocrite right now.   3 minutes in. You say don't attack the medicine. You chose to be a doctor with a public profile. You chose to not just be the voice of your patient. You chose to be the face of the science you practice. You chose to have an obligation to hold yourself higher in reputation than most doctors.   They attack the medicine because you gave them a reason to think the science you speak for is questionable. You had an obligation to hold yourself to a higher standard than most doctors and you failed. You're sorry. Great! You're also hiding. I learned about this from a 3rd person channel. You didn't want anyone to find out. We are still going to find out. It's better if we find out from you.  Final thought:  Throwing around accusations that this group or that group is using your actions to justify their position on the pandemic is not an apology. Giving us the SAME reasons as tana and jake paul for why it's okay to have a party is not an apology. Posting an apology on a secondary channel that no one knows about is not an apology.   You are the face of the science you practice to the people who watch your main channel. Unless your apology is on your main channel, you didn't apologize. I look forward to seeing if you do the right thing.  I didn't like or dislike your video. This is not me "cancelling" you. This is not "hate". This is constructive. I am telling you what people like me see in you. I'm also telling you that you don't want 3rd person channels telling us how bad a human being you are. They can be ruthless and they WILL come for you. This is youtube. It's the way!
We forgive you Dr. Mike
you could promise to actually not be a Hippocratic oath breaker
hold up, did i just hear him pull a mark zuckerberg?
"following rules and guidlines" bs
Wow, the gall of not posting this on your main channel, not very doctorly of you. You've not only lost respect but gained negative respect, idc what silly rules you preach just try to have some integrity..
"that kills me" he says... well...covid kills a lot more people than your little pitty parade
best part is hes smiling through all of this. according to what I've learned from social cues from having higher functioning autism, smiling means you are happy about something. Tana Mongeau did a "more convincing" con of an apology than this. that is preeettyyyyy bad if u ask me.. anyone agree?
mike: "I learned a very important lesson........" also mike: "dont get caught not practicing what i preach"
still cowardly to not put it on your main channel where all ur viewers want it
You are not assuming resposibility of your actions, you are excusing your actions to make them see as they were not as bad as they were.
I used to believe in you Mike...
Nice PR talk. Are you planning to post an apology, too?
Though he is right, why go to the party in the pandemic even with the low risks? Dr mike is always trending, so why not post it on the main channel?
I think this isn't in his main channel since his main channel is all about what he does as a doctor and he doesn't want his scandal to be added there since its irrelevant to what he does to his main channel so he made it in his second channel....
Hypocrite.
well seems like a lot of public figures are being hypocritical lately
bro, you could have a boat party, go for it. Just follow the guidelines at least like if you got rid of four people on that trip (and they should understand why) it wouldn’t have been so bad. Still risky but at least it would be legal
Put it on your main channel you absolute coward. You're a hypocrite and I used to respect you as a medical professional. Also, deleting comments isn't a good look, boo.
I would love to see some of you air out your mistakes. i could care less what he does on a boat. You all need to get a life.
Please do a video on how they’re supposed to put a shot in our arm if it’s -70°
Did not think that doing normal things and hanging with friends would have thousands of people hate on you, and masks doesn't help that much, if it did the us would do much better than sweden and in reality you guys are so fucked right now
You messed up again but not putting this on your MAIN channel like you should’ve done.
I’m saying this with all due respect and with no intention to attack you but I really think that it’s not very honest to post this video on this channel. Your main channel could reach way more people, and the follower count on this secondary channel only represents like...1%? of your followers from your main channel. It’s not really admitting it if it’s done this way... I’m saying this as someone who follows you on your other channel and regularly watches your videos.
This whole video is just him giving excuses on why he thought it was okay to do this lol get out of here.
Do you not realize because of DOCTORS / professionals like you are telling us to following the guidelines. We are canceling holidays, birthdays & any kind of celebration in general. For the health of ourselves as well as OTHERS. Some of us hasn't seen our loved ones in months. While your out living your best life. This was a planned event. No one especially an educated doctor travels for their birthday during a PANDEMIC unless its planned. Hes not mad about his party. Hes mad that he's getting backlash. Just remember while you're out living your best life, others are TERRIFIED to leave their own homes to grocery shop in fear of DYING. So selfish.
Lol why’s everybody so mad it’s not the end of the world life goes on 😂
I don't see an issue with his apology video. Can someone please explain? I see it as a genuine apology. You guys are just reaching to cancel people lmfao
the shittest apology, at least these influencers pretend to be sorry, you don't even feel remorse as you honestly sit here and try and justify it. what's wrong with you. the hypocrisy. not only do you undermine yourself but your entire profession.
Very disappointed in you 😞
Dr. Mike, we all make mistakes. I know you didnt I tend for this to turn I to anything bad. We all want to have fun and we all are having fun with friends but we are also having to follow guideline like you did. YouTubers are partying in bigger settings and dont test or quarantine. You did nothing wrong and should be able to move forward. Cancel culture is toxic and people should be allowed to make a mistake or be seen as making a mistake but allowed to live their lives. I still support you and what you stand for. I still wear masks, and dont go in any store personally. I stay home and in my car. I learned this partially from you. Please dont let this hurt you. I know you are a great person and a great doctor
You're only sorry you got caught.  Deep down you do not believe the bullshit that comes out of your mouth.  Like the rest of the elite is rules for me and not for the.
My heart has been aching for almost a year because I can't hug my own grandmother and I want to give up every day and stop doing this exhausting social distancing but I now that I can't, because I love her and I want her to be safe. And then there's people like this doctor Mike who knows better but still acts like that. I'm so frigging close to my breaking point and this is just so disappointing and disrespectful.
Really disappointed in you, Dr. Mike. You should have known better, and you should have posted this apology on the main channel.
Really disappointed in you, Dr. Mike. You should have known better, and you should have posted this apology on the main channel.
Twada kutta Tommy sadda kutaa kutta 😂😂
I'm sorry you chose to do your apology so privately and not on your main channel. I literally had no idea about this until I saw this on a drama channel! You are always posting about how you are a role model and you go to a party, you got on a plane to go to a planned party, it was not a mistake, it was all planed and while planning not once did you stop to consider if this was really responsible. And I am more sad that you went right back to posting as if nothing happened. You will probably not see this, but seeing people like you being responsible is what was keeping me sane while being trapped in an apartment because at least I was being responsible like you. I'm sad to think most "influencers" I follow that are being responsible are just hiding their parties and outings just like you. :(
Feels bad for him especially if this apology was truly genuine  But the f where you thinking mike
i was just watching one of his covid awareness videos.... well rip
He didn't put on his main channel because his main channel is for different content. If you haven't noticed his videos kinda like this go on his second channel. I think it's fine that he put on this channel, what matters is that he addressed the situation. Also, can everyone recognize he isn't perfect he is a human being just like us. Some of you guys forget that and overreact to a mistake when we all know that all of us have messed up that's related to this and if you haven't then good for you but there's always the future. So everyone needs to chill and worry about important stuff like yourself and not others, because he has feelings and emotions and that it's already hard for him as it is. How would you feel if everyone attacked when you already feel shameful for that mistake. treat others how you want to be treated and remember that people grow from mistakes and so will he so just let him grow.
I’m sorry, dude parties a single time and everyone is attacking him? Y’all don’t think he might’ve attempted to basically screen people if it was his party? As in see if they were negative? And he was on a boat (his I think), as in most likely private property? Y’all are just attacking him because he is an imperfect human like the rest of us and you can’t stand it. Just because he messed up doesn’t mean people don’t have to follow his advice. Y’all just want a reason not to act right and gonna use Doc Mike as a scapegoat as if you needed an excuse. None of us are special in this regard. We mess up. But those in the med field try to do what they’re supposed to do even after the mess up because they know the level of the mess they made. Stop attacking him just because you want another reason to cry and whine and do whatever you wanna do as though you were a 5 year old
I’m gonna be honest here dr.mike, I honestly don’t care if people wear or don’t wear masks but what does get to me is people in power who give orders to wear masks when they are then caught doing the exact opposite. So, you being a doctor would know all info up to date I would assume and I don’t blame you for going to your party. You work hard and a lot of hours but yes you did a mistake and you made a video about it but put it on your main channel. Don’t do this “oh I already made an apology video” when I just found out about this channel little while back.
Not only are you a hypocrite but you put yourself before your own patients health. You may not be at risk but your patients are, if you don't care enough to understand why you should be ashamed then you don't deserve your medical license.
I'm disappointed Mike. This video should have been posted on the main channel, not this one that has like 1% of the subscribers from his main. And on top of that, Mike, you're a doctor. I expected better from you. I've seen so many people where I live just not care and go to parties, go visit family in different provinces and more, which makes it so I can't see my family for Christmas this year. This behaviour tells those people that it's okay to make exceptions, it's fine if you're living alone and you're young. I was just expecting more out of you. Sorry for the rant. Good day.
Dr. Mike, I am very disappointed in your decision to not socially distance in Miami. You posted this insincere apology on your second channel, which shows that you really didn’t want it getting much attention. I am a nurse on a covid floor and many of my patients are in the hospital because they were not socially distancing. Their decisions to not take covid seriously has caused severe overpopulation of our hospitals. I would think that of all people you would understand that your decisions have consequences, not only on the people surrounding you but on the public as well since you are an influencer. It feels disrespectful to the frontline workers to hear you try to justify your decision to go out like this. How dare you
To recap, you were visiting your dad, your friends just happened to surprise you with a boat party, but you had time to carefully research CDC guidelines about your surprise party.   I live in Miami, I see people like you all the time partying like there's nothing going on. YOU are the reason this pandemic continues to rage on. ESPECIALLY in a place like Miami where OUR HOSPITALS ARE NEAR CAPACITY.  Meanwhile, I am stuck at home, and have been for months. I don't go out to eat, I haven't seen my family since March, because I want to keep them, and myself, safe.   How dare you. Unfollowed.
I mean if everyone quarantined beforehand (and after) it’s fine. But it doesn’t sound like that happened
But you are a doctor.....
i'm glad this has 1.3 million views, but this should be on the main channel.  also this comes across as "i'm sorry i got caught" and not an actual i'm sorry.  the reason i say that is there are way to many lines of explanation.  the instant you try to over explain an apology you are no longer apologizing you are justifying.
Kinda sus 🥴
Talk about ivermectin
yeah your risk level is low but what about the people you’re gonna come in contact with? even just briefly? you know how herd immunity works. you’re the one that taught it to some of us! we can only keep people safe if we keep ourselves safe and follow cdc guidelines as well. your patients are dying and you partied on a boat.
buddy you shouldn’t b a doctor then
Walk the talk.
Americans are funny.  They are crazy about Dr Mike didnt follow his SOPs and at the same time they dont believe in existence of COVID 19. hilarious
Dude I was ready to forgive you but posting this on a side channel was a chump move.
I just want to mention that he didnt say He went to Miami to see his father, but he said "I went down to my father's apartment" which is not the same ... just sayin'
To think I looked up to you 🙄
Ooh I like these comments 👀🍿
I have lost so much respect for you... I admired how you were a big leader for positive change in the Healthcare community. For calling out misinformation, for supporting Healthcare works, for speaking out against serious issues. The issue is when you are some one with a huge platform and have constantly discussed how to behave on social media. Your apology is an attempt... but to me it just sounds like you're making excuses. Okay so you visit your dad. But you are allowed to say no to your friends. I haven't even seen my aging grandparents since the start of the pandemic. I cannot risk it. I dont go to restaurants, on road trips with friends, etc. If my friends surprised me with a freaking boat, I would outright refuse. You had a choice and I feel like you did not acknowledge your part in it. Instead you doubled down that you researched CDC guidelines etc but honestly you have a giant following on social media and work on the front lines. I know people make mistakes but this is a weak apology.  Edited to add: You're in such a huge position of power and have constantly preached how to use social media. People are dying and this apology just felt tone deaf.
You know, he's only human. Was caught up in the moment. Just because he's a medical professional doesn't mean he doesn't make any mistakes. Sure, he probably knows more about the virus than the average person, but that doesn't mean that he won't make any mistakes. In no way, am I saying what he did was right, I'm just pointing out the fact that nobody's perfect and that the best thing to do in a situation like this is learn from your mistakes. Safe safe during these trying times.
he’s really sitting here tryna justify his actions
Not sincere at all unfortunately I can feel his frustration that he has to do this
I seriously have lost all the respect I had for him...
“Hello I am a privileged educated white male earning a lot of money. I make public health education statements and videos. I got caught violating my own public health advice. Please still watch my channel so I can keep making lots of money. Thank you.”
Being a health care professional myself, I’m offering you an advice Dr - practice what you preach! People are already overwhelmed and frustrated, and when they see a Dr not following the guidelines or recommendations, they are not going to follow them either. That, or keep your private life away from social media! You are wealthy, most people are not; they won’t be able to afford 14-day quarantine, hospital bills or the disease itself!!
You guys being really abusive. Its really pathetic
Don’t apologize. We are not children that fall for these. Go to the frontlines, work with infected people, and then MAYBE you’ll get a reality check. This should not happen. Ever. You are educated on the HEALTH field. This wasn’t a mistake. It was a conscious and informed decision that you made on your own. When you are a doctor in the middle of a pandemic, you do not get to “mess up”.  As a nursing student myself, I am ashamed of being in the same field as you. My university professors go in Zoom calls with bruises from their PPE and swolen eyes from crying while holding the hands of a terminal patients. You do not honor your oath and that baffles me.
You. Are. A. Doctor.  You should work on the frontline so you can get a reality check.
You should know better, you have a huge platfom. If you went on this boat party you shoulve made sure that it woulnd't get out. No photos, no clips, no intagram, no tiktok, it wasn't that hard. For you it was a low risk situation, but so many people follow you and take you as an example. You just ruined so much work that you spent so much time and effort on,  for a stupid party.
This is very nice, but .... posting it on channel with 70k instead of channel with 6+ MILLIONS is called being a f*cking coward
My diagnosis: AFLUENZA
So he wears masks everywhere and all the time, even when working out, but when he’s invited to a boat party he suddenly needs to check guidelines?
I don't know what is worse right now. 1. Kobe Bryant passing. 2. Nikocado Avocado calling Kobe 'Kevin Bryant' (it sounds like a good baby name, actually) 3. the Australian bushfires. 4. White cops suffocating a black man. 5. WAP 6. Chromatica. 7. Doctor Mike being on a party (without social distancing) 8. Karens. 9. PopToons' BlackPink parody. 10. Racism. 11. Future Nostalgia. (I like Boys will be boys) 12. BTS' Dynamite. 13. Tekashi 6ix9ine. 14. Justin Bieber. 15. My classmate singing Austin Mahone's What about love. 16. Korea making YG remove the Nurse Jennie parts from Lovesick Girls. I don't know... tell me what else.
Hmpf. What a apology.  I had to be alone with my dog when they euthanized him at the vet, because its one person per animal rule. My boyfriend had to wait outside and say goodbye to him out there while I walked inside to put him down. It was terrible being alone, but we knew this is what was needed, for the people working at the animal hospital and for the visitors.   I haven't met my siblings this year, I only go out to buy groceries once a week. I'm terrified of my boyfriends grandmother and grandfather getting covid. And recently his sister, mother and her husband got it and the man had to go to the hospital.   Like you've always said, this is serious! And why on earth did you not put this on your main channel? I came here from the comments over there, cause I didn't know what happened.
He knows what he is doing everyone please chill
I mean it's fine! It's just because you are famous! Imagine the people who talk behind you, and they are the ones who is spreading. Paradox world
This is why I have trust issues.
So gaslighting people is now your modus operandi or do you really think this is an appology on any level??
My older sister is a doctor. She's doing her residency in internal medicine. You know what she told me when the pandemic first began? "Stay home for me because I can't stay home." I worry that she'll get sick from taking care of her patients. Do you know what she worries about? That if she gets sick, then her colleagues will be short staffed during a pandemic. That if she needs to be hospitalized, then she worries that she will be taking a hospital bed and a ventilator away from someone else who needs it. I just wanted to point out that wearing a mask, social distancing, and quarantining doesn't just protect you, but also protects others. Following guidelines helps keep everyone safe. Please stay at home if you're able to, because people like healthcare workers and other essential workers aren't able to stay at home. Even if the pandemic "is a scam", wouldn't it be better to wear a mask and social distance in case there's a possibility that it could save someone's life? The *temporary* discomfort of wearing a mask is well worth the benefit of potentially saving other people's lives.
(Note: I'm not justifying his actions, only explaining them as I see them. As I understand his actions, but do not agree with them).  1. I can see why he didn't upload this to his main channel, since that one is more about his profession than his personal life. I don't follow any of his social media accounts, so I only knew something was up when I read the comments.  2. People are saying this wasn't a mistake, since it was deliberate. However, there's a difference between an accident and a mistake. An accident is something you never meant to do. Mistakes can be made even when the person responsible doesn't realize it's a mistake until told so.  He slipped up.  For a period, he forgot about other people. Should he have known better? Absolutely. He is a medical doctor, after all.  Frankly, I'm not sure how he'll recover from this.
Post this on your main account and apologize not to your fans but especially to other doctors who working on the front lines.
Honestly I do not see anything wrong with him being on a boa it’s his life . And he is human . We have all met a family member or a friend . Doctors are not God . They only give advice and it’s upto you to follow it . Smoking and drinking doctors tell you smoking is not safe . They tell us to sleep 8 hrs but they do not have that time them selves . Stop thinking that dr Mike owes us an apology . He has great advice that is what matters . What he does with his private life is his business .
THIS MAKES MY BLOOD BOIL
This is so disappointing.
Dr mike, just keep on doing the good work. You helped a lot of people in your time. The entertaining videos you post helped people in these hard times. The vaccine is made and just needs to go through the process of distribution and trials of the peoples opinion. I expect that you checked those on board of the party boat for everyone's knowledge of possible cases.
You know this "apology" vid is bad when the dislikes are higher than the likes
He shouldn't apologize. Masks have now been proven to NOT work in preventing the spread.  The people on the boat with him made the decision as well. CAUSE ITS AMERICA! Lollllll get a clue y'all! If a DOCTOR slips up wearing a mask, he doesn't believe the bullshit he preaches! Why? Cause it's just that! Bullshit!!!!
Wholly paragraphs in the comments! : /
Dude. Im so dissapointed.
"I'm sorry, I got caught".  KEKW
I mean, he’s trying to explain he’s sorry and he looks so disappointed in himself by his body language. I get people are mad at him, he’s supposed to be helping us stay indoors and not going out with people and he completely neglected his own advice. Plus since he’s a doctor he’s been giving more of a chance of his relatives to get it. I don’t know what happened to him to do that but hopefully he learns from this and gets himself back together again.
Give the guy a break. Everyone on here acting like they’re perfect and have never broken a rule once in their lives. Nobody knows how stressful it is being in his position except those who work in medicine. They’re held to a higher standard to set an example, but he has done no worse than any of us have. In return, he has been working this whole time to help fight this pandemic and make a difference in people’s lives. What have you all done that allows you to be on such a condescending high horse?
You're basically just a younger Dr. Oz at this point. So blind-sighted by your own privilege, thinking you deserved something better because you've been misguided into thinking you're doing something far better than the people you've endangered with your nonsense, especially at work. The people who carry your career behind the scenes that get no recognition at all.  Must be nice to be able to take time away when so many other medical staff members can't take a luxurious yacht cruise break.
Honestly, I'm extremely disappointed with the hypocrisy but I'm actually really shocked of how stup!d you are to make an obviously bullsh!t apology like this, everyone on YouTube mocks sh!t like this all the time and you thought that was a smart move. You managed to do everything in the worst way possible.
Can't you guys be forgiving he admitted that he made a mistake so stop ..
This should be posted on his main channel as well.
This is textbook affluent, male privilege. Too bad for those who can't self isolate, don't have sick leave benefits if they get covid, don't have access to covid tests, have preexisting conditions... I'm gonna party cause I can do so "safely". That's the message I got.
omg this is so LAME please SHUT UP
Why did you post this on your smaller channel 🤔 and not your main channel? This isn't even a clip, so not sure how it's relevant to this channel.
You made is all feel foolish and doubt the severity of the virus. Is it that infectious and deadly? If it was why would you and almost every social media, TV/movie personality behave like there's no pandemic? Money can't buy immunity from a highly infectious Virus. You're now really insulting our intelligence.
Holy people are hella soft I get yall are upset but no one is perfect mj didnt make all of his shots like yeah he was on a boat party with others and no mask but it's not like he was gonna go home and go work he was gonna self quarantine and take the right steps to prevent spead like i understand a little bit of disappointment but not people say oh ima un sub right now or if you were my docter I would find another i mean look at the good he did this whole 2020 he has been consistently told us to wear a mask and wash hands and stay 6 feet apart no even my own parents tell me that they just say hey you got your mask you know what I mean to sum it all up people need chill and just accept the apology
Aside from the bs apology, the fact alone that he posted this on his secondary (smaller audience) channel vs. his main channel tells you just how sorry he really is (spoiler alert: he is not). He's lost all his credibility for me.
I was surprised to hear about this. This is not a mistake. One definition for a mistake according to Merriam-webster dictionary is "a wrong action or statement proceeding from faulty judgment, inadequate knowledge, or inattention" You had the judgment, knowledge about the situation and you did it anyway, so that's not a mistake; that's honestly an inconsiderate action from someone who has a large number of followers and who can make an impact. You hold that responsibility as a doctor and as an internet celebrity to act in accordance with your words. With that said, I do agree that what you did shouldn't affect the message that you presented about the disease. At least I hope it won't. But if you want to strengthen your message, you have to practice what you preach and you should, if you care about people following the guidelines or what you present in general. Stay safe everyone!
He really seems sincere though. Everybody makes mistakes.
okay but why post an apology on a channel with ~70K subscribers when a majority of your fans won’t even see it. you’re a doctor and so many doctors are dying. you’re exposing your patients. you aren’t sorry you didn’t follow covid guidelines. you’re sorry the internet caught you.
I am a first gen college student and got my first degree this semester. I didn't get to walk the stage. I didn't get to have my family over, we didn't get to celebrate. I haven't seen my grandparents in almost a year. I haven't visited with my best friends in months. I am not going to visit family for the holidays, we didn't have a family vacation this year. I quit my retail job so I could keep myself safe, and anybody else I might come into contact with.  Dr Mike, I haven't been happy in a year either. I have had sacrifice after sacrifice, and then it's like a punch in the face when celebrities and influencers take everything they've said, and shrug it off, like you *deserve* it. We deserve a lot of things. But that doesn't mean it's worth the risk and the dangerous hypocrisy.  I am also quite insulted you didn't put this on your main channel. It makes everything you say feel hollow. This really hurt.
Can't believe this isn't on the main channel. I had to seek this video out. He didn't even tweet about it, he retweeted someone else... Smh
Don’t be shy, post this on your main channel ❤️
oh my god🤦‍♀️
“i live alone so i don’t put anyone else at risk” oh yeah, did you forget you’re a doctor who sees a ton of patients everyday?
It was bad decision making. He's a human being and he fucked up. He took measures afterwards to ensure there were no bad consequences and has apologised. There's not much else he can do. You don't have to forgive him, you don't have to be a fan anymore. That's your decision to make. Sending hate, obsessing over his actions just makes you a bad person yourself. Yes, it may be disappointing but he's a human being just like you, you shouldn't put him on a pedestal just because he's a famous doctor. He's capable of making daft decisions too. He's tested 3 times and he's come out negative, I'm sure he'll learn and grow and try to do better in the future. This pandemic has been stressful on everyone, it came so abruptly we didn't have time to fully wrap our heads around it. I'm not surprised at all at how many people caved or overlooked the urgency of this entire thing. It doesn't help that the leaders of our world are failing their jobs. Anyway whether you choose to stay a fan or not is up to you. This pandemic has clearly shown us just how far we need to go, just how complex and different and imperfect we all are. Let's hope for a better 2021. Merry Christmas.
You didn't have to have this party in such a blatantly irresponsible manner. It wasn't necessary. Especially not at this time. And especially coming from you as a public figure. What you did has made you a hypocrite.   Moving forward, it's going to be much harder to trust what you say, because you did the exact opposite of what you advised everyone else to do.   However... no one is perfect, everyone makes mistakes. But it'll be a while before I can trust you again. Unsubbing for now. All the best, Dr Mike.
watched body language reacts before coming here smh
To be honest. I don't know what you've been through. Maybe you've seen terrible stuff and that's why you needed a party...  The truth is that you are an example, and getting caught does make a negative change for those who "follow the rules".  Now, as for the party itself, it's wrong, but I don't know how the situation is where you are. So I can't truly tell. And yes, this year treated you all badly, and I respect that you want some time to be free. But what you did is just wrong.  So, I don't hate you for it. I just wish you've all been tested before and after the party, that you're all safe, and that you realized this has been just wrong. I won't stop following you cause I love your videos, and a mistake like this doesn't erase that. I just feel worried for those who followed the rules and feel the lack of courage after seeing you do this.   And well, try to remain healthy and don't get depressed by the comments, no one here knows you or what your personal life is like.
the fact that he acts like nothing is wrong on his main channel is truly heartbreaking…
I forgive you dr mike! Im minister mike, and i work at a homeless shelter where i have to confront the masses by preaching chapels and that nature to the guests on a daily basis, which is usually around 110-120 guys...im definitely not perfect when i do it and i mess up to. But unfortunately there are always those in the crowd waiting for you to mess up, so they can rub your nose in it never knowing its not easy to be on a platform like that and are very quick to judge! We've ALL been a hypocrite in our life at some point or another, so don't take it so hard bro! Im honestly glad im on a platform like that cuz it does cause me to grow, just like you mentioned. And id rather be the one growing, than the one pointing fingers and just judging...so keep fighting the good fight dr mike...focus on the good you've done...and remember, we can't please everybody! Love you bro! And praying for you!
Cause you got caught.
he gets too egotistical to the point where he thinks that he can do anything without consequences, then he gets backlash so now he is making by excuses. people like HIM are the reason why schools are shut down, why depression rates are going up, why sports are being cancelled, why people are dying alone in the hospital. it just makes it all worse that he uploaded this to his second channel since he knows that less people will see it = less people knowing about it. i'm very disappointed because he was someone i looked up to, someone who taught me about covid, and had helped inspire my passion for medicine
Hey Dr. Mike I’m not sure if you’ll see this, I just wanted to say that anyone who weighs their own personal risk and makes an informed decision has nothing to apologize about. Sometimes the risk of being socially isolated is more urgent then the need to avoid exposure to the virus. It’s not anyone else’s job to judge you for your personal choices, among your own friends and family. Even  if you do feel that you made a mistake, I hope you know that your worth or self has not been diminished. You are an incredible example and human being. You are spreading love, kindness, and knowledge in this world. Thank you for sharing yourself on this platform.
I don't believe that this mistake was unforgivable, there are so many people making the same mistake around thanksgiving.  The problem is I don't think the excuses in this video are reasonable.  I do also believe that the positive influence he has had is not being taken into account in a lot of these comments.
Honestly,  I am disappointed in you. Your previous words of prevention vs your actions makes you look like a hypocrite.   And this video should have been posted on your main channel, not your smaller channel that makes you look like you're trying to get the least views as possible.
At least you have the guts to admit it  that takes a brave person
Why don't you post this on your main channel where people will actually see it?
I didnt know this channel exist not until i search doc mike apologizing   Edit: this is just my opinion but arent you gonna get mad if he did not make any video? I know an apology from a video is not enough but i think this is not the reason you can say that he never think about his patients and his co workers. Maybe he just need some time for his self. I think relaxing is one of the choices to do since that everyday is a hectic day.
Isn’t this just WONDERFUL. Smh
NOOO DR MIKE WHY
You're a great guy Doctor Mike. But this video doesn't cut it. Post this on your main.
This feels like I’ve been cheated on
Dude. I like you but. Shifty apology and hiding it on your smaller channel was dumb.  Lost my respect. Better shape up
I think this is the first time I've seen a Dr Mike video with more 👎 than 👍. And it's deserved. I think it comes down to everyone here (supporters, people who like to watch and learn from your vids) had much higher expectations of you. And your actions so egregiously violated those expectations. I understand that risk is a spectrum, but it was so selfish of you to gamble with people's lives (even if you justified the risk was low) so you could... party?! We're not talking about someone who is deciding if it's worth the risk to go to work to bring home a paycheck so that they can support and provide the basic necessities for their family. The risk/benefit was about pure selfishness.  Honestly, I saw a sliver of this weeks ago... When Dr Mike made a medical meme review vid with his friend-doctoer (sorry, I don't remember the other doctor's name). The two were hanging out on the same couch, indoors, without masks, ... to share with each other funny medical memes and puns. What?!?! This made no sense. I thought, well, maybe this was taped pre-covid... But then some of the memes referenced covid, so, no. Horrible modeling of behavior... So actually... I'm not surprised at the "shocking" Dr Mike birthday party scandal.  Yes people make mistakes. You made a big one. Yes, forgiveness is a powerful healer. But, this action is scarring. And the road to recovery and forgiveness will take time.
What? I thought there’s no corona in america 🤷🏻‍♂️
Why is this only on your 2nd channel?
You should have posted this video on your main channel!! and "NOT ON A SIDE TRACK ONE!!!" And deleting the comments on your main channel is not an excellent way to escape from criticism. You dismayed us, Doctor Mike.
The thing is you have been telling ppl to stay home regardless, yet you went off and did this. Its not a good look if ppl are looking for you for guidance... I have been losing my fucking mind trying to distance myself and my 5 yr old (who has NO real friends bc of this pandemic). It grinds my gears when ppl do whatever they want meanwhile a lot of us are trying to do the right thing
You treat high risk patients. I admired you for years. You did more than mess up and if people get COVID from you, you're going to have blood on your hands. Congratulations for being irresponsible and a hypocrite. I never expected this from you. And YOU disrespected ALL of us in the medical field by doing this. I'm ashamed for you Mike.
Dr. CON artist
"I'm just a human being I make mistakes" type apologies. ok
The fact that people said their thanksgiving has fewer people than his party boat makes me sad 😕
Why is everyone dissing him. I’m sorry I’m a huge advocate for wearing masks and I follow the science completely. I’m sure Dr. Mike knew that the people he was with did not have COVID-19. I realize he’s said stuff that looks bad when he does this. But if this ever happened to me I’m hopping on that boat faster than ever
ohno.
I'm SO disappointed in you. You say you're sorry but in the next breath you say you follow the guidelines and that you're young and blablabla. What about your coworkers, patients, your FATHER??? Do you realise how this now will give the conspiracy theorists a reason to even further believe that covid-19 is a hoax, now that you (a doctor!!) is flying to Miami to party? I'm so angry with all entitled influencers it makes my blood boil. Because of people like you it will take so much longer to get rid of covid-19 🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
The fact I had to find this out through another youtuber when I have your main page notifications on is so sad. He’s definitely lost a lot of credibility for me personally.
Rules for thee, but not for me
Lost so much respect :(
you’re a grown man, and a fcking doctor!!! for goodness sake, you should’ve known better, im just disappointed
It takes a ton of courage to get on social media in front of a huge following here and admit as a health care professional that he made a mistake. He gave an explanation but wasn’t defensive in my opinion and owned up to it. Not sure what people expect him to do.... quit his job and throw himself down on the floor crying because he’s human and made a little questionable judgment? It’s actually very telling about this society how quick people are to attack someone and you know what, I’m sure being in the spotlight all the time and being ridiculed and judged and held at an almost impossibly high standard is beyond what the average person can truly understand. He is apologizing and saying he was wrong. And I respect him for that. Mike, know that I respect how you’ve handled this. My thoughts on this matter are not influenced by anyone else’s negative judgement. None of us are perfect. If anyone is perfect, than go ahead an judge away.
Your actions have completely erased any creditability that you have. I used to be a big fan and enjoy watching your channel.  Its not about if YOU get it. What if YOU have it and are spreading it around... and if you are so sorry then why are you hiding your apology on this channel instead of your main channel?! You're just sorry you got caught.
It took him almost 2 minutes of making excuses for him to acknowledge that he made a mistake
I’m sad that everyone hates him now. He’s so wholesome :(
i can't even look at u tbh lmao I'm so disappointed....
Imagine being mad at someone for being human and making a mistake.
I’m so disappointed, stop making excuses for your actions! you were selfish, this makes me angry
Man this isn't sitting well with me. Please post this on your main channel, please be more sincere, please stop suppressing the criticism.   I have so much respect for you, I don't want to unsub or stop watching your content cause you've raised a lot of awareness for this pandemic. I'm willing to forgive this choice, not that it would matter, but please for the sake of your message don't shove this under the rug.
Me who has a compromised immune system I couldn't even go to eat  thanksgiving dinner with my boyfriend and now him a doctor goes to a boat party wtf 🤦‍♀️
So it took you to the age you are at to learn not to be a hypocrite? My 6 year old son knows better.  Edit: your only sorry you got caught
Why did you post this on your side channel and not main!
What’s disgusting is the fact that you didn’t even post this to your main channel. This tells me that you’re more concerned about your follower count than issuing an apology. Disgraceful. There was a time where I looked up to you.
He’s literally been working his butt off this whole pandemic and he makes one mistake and is apparently the worst doctor in the world WTH
You showed your true colors back when you made that video downplaying the role of racism and sexism in medicine.  This doesn't surprise me one bit.
I don’t think that everyone gets the risk he was taking and making. We don’t know every single factor but we know that he’s a doctor and works with patients. Could some of them have covid? And is him bringing the disease from one of his patients to Florida a possibility? Yes, he self-quarantined, but he did travel, which means he saw people before getting home. And him bringing the disease from Florida onto the plane was indeed possible. He lives alone, but the amount of people he was in contact with was still high, and then on top of that, those people see other people again and the chain just continues. I’ve been a fan of Dr Mike for a long time and have always looked at him as credible, but now all my trust is pretty much gone... In the midst of a pandemic, he, a doctor, on social media, chooses to travel. Meanwhile other people didn’t even have a proper/normal Thanksgiving celebration with their families. Yes he might’ve taken every precaution and followed every restrictions and mandates, wore a mask and all that - but travelling really isn’t advised at all unless necessary, and in my opinion that was not a necessary trip😕
Is there ever an apology that will satisfy anyone? Ever?????
Like- do people expect him to not apologise or what?
Exactly!! You're HUMAN and we humans make mistakes!! Still love u and your videos❤❤
Even if you were tested, even if you quarantined, even if your friends took precautions... You are setting an example. You essentially showed everyone that it's still okay to party - and that's not good. Because the people who see you having fun with your friends are going to want to party with their friends too. But they won't all take the same precautions! This is why we're still in this mess.
I truly do not care
The sad part is he'll probably do it again but just tell his friends not to post anything
You're a doctor. What is wrong with you
What the actual ffff, I’ve always looked up to you and I just saw this, all I can say it’s that I’m disappointed. You say that you’re not really a “risk” since you live alone and your health is in good conditions, bro... you’re a doctor! you attend patients who actually have health problems. I’m pretty sure the Hippocratic oath says that you’re supposed to be ETHIC and save lives, you’re just exposing yourself and your own patients. Next.
I was rooting for you! We were all rotting for you, HOW COULD YOU!?
Mike my man... structure of the apology is wrong. 1st should come the, I messed up. 2nd should be, here is how I messed up and why what I did was wrong. 3rd should be, thought process that lead me to make this decision. 4th should be, a repetition of why the decision I made was wrong. 5th should be, I will strive to do better. 6th should be, a heartfelt apology, where you look directly at the camera and simply say “I’m sorry.” 7th should be, reassurance that the guidelines for quarantining will be strictly followed upon returning to NY. 8th and lastly, here is how I’m going to try ratify my mistake, eg. donate money to charities that relate to Covid-19. That’s when you sign off, “A million times sorry. Stay happy and healthy.”  The 2nd poor decision you made was, as others have been saying, posting this on your second channel and not your main one. I truly believe that you care. I don’t think you can fake the kind of dedication that you show on a day to day basis. What you’ve got to understand though man, is that when you put this apology on here it seems as if you’re hiding from the problem rather than confronting it. You talk about impact, but I think you have misjudged the impact that posting this vid here rather then to the larger viewership is going to have.  The other thing you have to remember, that in your defense you did address, is that people watching this have all lost or suffered in some way during this pandemic. In my case, it was my nan dying about halfway through. Me, my dad and my uncle all had to stand in silence for five minutes staring through a window at her lifeless corpse, because that was all that the nursing home would allow us to do. Then we see you, a representative of medical professions and institutions, rubbing shoulders with living people, that you could unwittingly be putting at risk. It’s a bad look man and I know that you know that. I’m well aware that not everyone who’s lost someone can write as levelheaded a response as I am trying my best to compose right now and, as such, I sincerely hope that you and your mental health make it out the other end of this ok.  I’m disappointed in you. We all are. Our trust was betrayed and it’s going to take a lot to regain that trust. Nonetheless, I wish you and yours the best, as I’m sure we all do. Stay happy and healthy brother! We ❤️ you!
And this video wasn’t uploaded to your main channel because...?
You know its bad when a doctor doesn't even follow the advice....
Don't apologize. You're a human being that deserves to want to live your life.
I'm hurt and disappointed. How could you?? You KNOW better. And not on your main? Pathetic
A little hypocritical
This disappointed me because I feel like it's unfair. I'm 18 and I am studying from my dad's house and haven't even been able to visit my mom and sister (who I lived with for the last 17 years of my life) and I've only hung out with one friend (with masks on, social-distanced may I add) because I am trying to be empathetic to those at risk. Heck, I was going to apply for a job at the dollar store but didn't because I live with someone auto-immune. I am a bit sad because I looked up to doctor mike. As a doctor, he should have also been more aware of the situation around him. I don't think he should be making excuses that he is young because many of his followers are social-distancing and are even younger. That being said, I don't think we need to boycott or cancel him if he tries to improve. Though what he did was dumb, his career is still valid. I think he just needs to address this more publicly (like, on his main channel) before moving on. He influences millions of fans and should make this video more public on his main channel.
The saddest part of this is not that he made a mistake -- if you say you've done everything right this whole time, you are outright LYING! It's that people will let someone else's mistake affect what they know is right (e.g., efficacy of wearing a mask, and physically distancing to the best of your ability). Although we shouldn't forget his mistake (nor those of anyone that has publicly supported proper procedure), recognize that he has done more for this world already than most of us EVER will by the time we die. So show some humility and compassion people, and stop jumping on the bandwagon to vilify people for being human!
Let's be frank Dr.Mike you are not sorry, you are sorry you got caught. The fact that you couldn't just say sorry and had to say " even tho i checked all the cdc guidelines" is already your way of excusing  yourself. I am so devastated in you, because you are supposed to be the example. As an aspirin doctor, who looked up to you, I really am saddened by this news.
How about posting this on your main channel? This is really insincere. I am so disappointed in you and your non-apology.
I'm confused here. You're young and healthy, you live alone, you said you said you were following all the guidelines for mask wearing and group sizes you quarantined yourself, you did everything by the book. Why are people getting mad?
My friend at University nearly got permanently expelled from medical school because of a FALSE allegation of a minor covid violation (7 people in her home as opposed to 6 - the local rules in our region at the time). She went through a full disciplinary and had to get BMA lawyers to support her so she could continue practising medicine. That same month 3 of her peers were entirely struck off the same reason. You're a fully qualified doctor actively putting others at risk. What about 'first do no harm' do you not understand? I completely fail to see how this is not an offense warranting being struck off.
Yikes. The like and dislike ratio
jUSt mOVe oN people-- please-- were done with this-- okay-- he apologized-- it's been a week-- he's learned his lesson god dammit
I'm sorry but my respect for you went: 📉  and the fact you didn't even post it on your main channel..  I'm highly disappointed.
1. The apology should be on your main channel. 2. Low risk for you because your young, healthy, and live alone...but what about everyone else on that boat? Do they all live alone too? 3. Did you not see patients for 2 weeks after this party? Cuz if I went to see my doctor, then found out they were partying on a boat a few days earlier...id be pissed. 4. Even if you tested everyone prior to going on the boat, it just would not matter. You decided to put yourself out there in the public eye. People look to you to set an example, and listen to what you say regarding covid. You have preached about wearing a mask and social distancing. To do this, not only makes you a huge hypocrite, but it also takes away much of your credibility moving forward. I have no doubt that people will hear about this and decide, they too, can have a mask-less party. "If doctors can do it, why cant i?" And THAT is the major downfall of the situation.  5. People may get, and spread, covid because you did this. I know thats not fair. But again, you being in the public eye as you are was a choice. You benefit a lot from it. but this is part of the downside to fame. You cant make the same mistakes as a regular person. Because what you do effects others much more than a normal person.
Let's not forget: before being a doctor, he's a human. Yes, it was not a good choice, but humans make mistakes. I'm sure 99% of us here in the comments have messed up at least once during this pandemic. He just happens to be a public figure 🤷‍♀️
Wow what a terrible doctor
How was he outted? Did one of his “friends” post the pics?
I'm disappointed  Mike a  Big fan yours especially since I support alot your videos , I wasn't even as upset  John Oliver video. But this feels like undermines everything you were saying because it feels like your as bad the people you critique seems weird you didn't put it on your main channel.(it makes it worse since you are a doctor, you should know better)  It felt " I was the exception to the rule ".  . Shows me how much privilege you had you thought you could do this. So many (myself included) can't do a lot things we should been able to live visit friends  family even or unable to work lost jobs. If just case you were visiting your dad that's it fine. I would preferred if you said" I fucked up, I was  hypocrite I'm sorry" that's it.
Tana did better than u😑
Why did you not post this on your 6 million subs channel???? 👎🏻
This should have been posted to your main channel.
omg before yall look at somebody's profession , the expectations yall keep from them etc etc ... look at them as a HUMAN first who makes mistakes . yes he was wrong no doubt, but why are people SOOOOO pressed. look at the other things he's done on his channel , such as educating  people on matters , addressing peoples concerns , and donating money. why is ONE mistake of his  overshadowing allll the good things he's done. yall are soo dramatic. get over it and move on. my god.
This needs to go on the main channel. I've seen people say you're trying to hide your apology by putting on your lesser known channel. Please prove them wrong!
I appreciate you seeing your faults however I think it’s still best to unsubscribe. I believe you learned a lesson, but one that someone in your position should have already known. You are in the public spotlight and what you did was misleading and let a lot of people down who look at you for guidance. You knew better at the time and did so anyway and that’s the big problem here. I wish you the best with your growth.  And you didn’t even post this apology on your main channel where you have the majority of your reach.
this is embarrassing for you. i’m very disappointed.
This is a main channel video, which makes the situation even more disappointing.
You've let down literally everyone who understands enough English to watch your videos. We have turned to you for facts, TRUTH and honesty. You betrayed everything you've been asking us to do. Showing graphics and saying "it's been hard for you too" is pathetic. You're a doctor. You should be humiliated. Do better. How pathetic you won't even post this on your main channel. COWARD.
EVERYBODY SHARE THIS VIDEO ON YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA SO HE LOSES MORE FOLLOWERS FOR WHAT HE DID
Man... Your all just jealous of his party lol
You're a hypocrite
Hey guys, if you are a New York resident and spot him in your area, please give this man a mask and say "How's the yacht party, doc?"
Simply admit your hypocrisy and move on.
You have lost any credibility you may have had.
I’m less than a minute into the video and you’re already making justifications. Dude, own up to the fact that you fucked up. This is unprofessional and quite frankly embarrassing. If you truly believed you messed up you would NOT have mentioned any of the guidelines and how you feel you followed them. It completely undermines your message and is manipulative to viewers.
So its a "one size fits all cases" unless its celebrities you bash for doing EXACTLY what you did? Makes 0 sense
Post this on your main channel coward
Maybe if you feel really sorry about it put it on your big channel kfnsonxwoos and don't use excuses with about you friends   Like      Bruh    My respect for you
bruh I accidently deleted my comment like...but my point still stands so let me repeat myself. The fact that you had to go out with multiple people knowing that your a doctor and you need to work with so many vulnerable people is disgusting. Also this fake apology needs to go. Your not sorry that you went out and partied your sorry that you got caught.
Yikes
He says he’s not in contact with vulnerable individuals yet he works as a doctor... so he is with sick patients. The people who are at most risk from Covid. Do better.
So disappointing 🤦🏻‍♀️
Credibility = Lost Forever
God, he’s so selfish
Disappointed ...in myself for thinking you were different.
Just the fact that he's posted this on here and not his main channel shows how much he really cares.
I take safety precautions for this virus for about a month or more (hanging out with my friends just in our home or in their car and JUST IF they are seeing only their family for at least 14 days). I know what harm this virus can make. But honestly I don't really understand what's with this hate for Dr. Mike. I understand his 'cold' apology, because he's not sorry for partying, but for the fact that maybe other people will think it's ok to party whenever they want without making sure it is safe. It was his birthday, they were all tested negative before and Mike was tested negative again after. His hospital said it's safe (for patients and colleagues) if Mike would come back to work. So what's the problem here? Yes, the risk still exists even if they were all negative before, but an extremely lower one. He's living alone, no elders or others he might've put at risk. He didn't spread the virus nor get it and took every safety precaution before and after this boat trip. Y'all need to chill a bit and be more understanding, maybe realistic too. Have a nice day and be safe🤗
I'm disappointed. I feel like this is more because you got caught doing this and not because you're actually sorry. I couldnt even see my family for Thanksgiving because of everyone else's safety. It is a privilege in itself that you were able to fly to see your dad alone.
The reason why he didn’t follow up with the guide lines is because he is egotistical. Also he might be a doctor he is not a doctor that treats people with Covid... he was well aware what he was doing. “People leave bad comments” blaaaaabla you is real funny dude.  Also what I don’t get is why are exercising at places with a lot of people. Like have some decent thinking you can be a carrier of the virus and give that to your patients.   Him putting this up on this channel shows his real color.
This is proof, that if you are a doctor it doesn't mean you are smart.
i’m beyond disappointed in you Dr. Mike. we love you honestly but you are supposed to set an example. you are more connected to COVID than we are...hopefully you truly learned your lesson for real.
I don't comment usually, but this needs to be spoken about. What he did is disgusting. Period. 'i LiVe aLonE' Are you for real? I'm sick and tired of privileged people like you.
Coward for not putting this on your main channel
My grandpa is in the ICU for more than a month now because of people like you. He was isolated all the time, then one day he had to go to the hospital for a health check-up when his doctor was sick with covid-19 and passed it to him. My grandpa is now battling for his life. Don't worry tho, the young doctor is fine.
Are we surprised by an over hyped frat boy the internet obsessed over 😂
Put on main channel, or it's not genuine
I couldn't believe this at first, this is crazy.
"I made a mistake" is when you misspell Mississippi.   This wasn't a mere "oopsie", this was a premeditated series of multiple decisions ignoring what you know to be sensible precautions. You're just sorry that you got caught.
Bummed this isn’t on the main channel
How about putting this on your main channel??? Hello??? You owe people an explanation lol   You're just sorry because u got caught. If you cared about your audience you would admit your hypocrisy on your main channel. How shameful of u
Strange how you chose this channel to post this, not your main one ? You talk about having a platform and using it for good and yet do this? You wear a mask for all these activities - yet you didn’t for this event? You are saying that you shouldn’t be used to attack the legitimate nature of work done - you chose to carry out actions that allowed that to happen.  Again you choose your lesser channel - you are genuinely apologetic put it on your main channel, own the fact you did what you did but don’t try and hide it in a secondary channel
Imagine the pics and videos were not leaked, will you admit what you do?    No. You only apologize because you got caught.
So no need to stay home, social distance or wear a mask if you are: young, disease-free and living alone. Just look at your own personal risk level. Did I understand this correctly? Also, as someone who is studying psychology (or how to predict, explain and change human behaviour), he is pulling some SERIOUS manipulation techniques in this video.
Why don’t you put this on your channel with the biggest following ? Why here ?
I'm sorry but no, I really looked up to you and considered taking med but i dont really know now
This affair has put your whole character into question. Your medical expertise is now compromised as well, and it is because you couldn't adhere to your own advice.
Yikes. Such a coward move to upload this on your second channel instead of your main channel, and then just making excuses. Follow your own advice and do better. I'm just disappointed.
As a healthcare professional in a 3rd world country I really looked up to Dr. Mike. Cheered him on as he obtained PEP for his team. So sad he turned out to be a hypocrite.
That's a huge X but everyone makes mistake most of a time but I'm glad that you and your friends are okay 🙂. I wish this pandemic will come to end ASAP so we can enjoy going outside again without fear of the virus.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away       🍎 🍎 🍎🍎🍎
Do you see what you’ve done? There are people, even in these comments, using your actions to backup their statements about coronavirus being a scam
I'll take your "apology" seriously once you start advocating for people's liberties and right to work. Of course this virus is serious but we don't need to fear monger and literally destroy peoples livelihoods and the country over. We can live our lives while practicing CDC guidelines. Next time.. practice what you preach Doctor Mike.
Look at his fucking body language
I think I have to unsubscribe. I don't want to, I'm just really disappointed
You're a hypocrite and terrible for not putting this on your main page. You told us to just stay home and a lot of us can't because we have to work and don't have the means to complete quarantine. You do have the means and you didn't even take your own advice. Be transparent and more honest by sharing this on every platform you have.
Whether or not you have health issues or not you shouldn’t be partying I don’t have any health issues but I’ve only gotten out for essentials and as soon as I came home I would shower idc if you tested before this party a pandemic is a pandemic I’ve been offered about 4 times to come to friends houses and I declined he could’ve easily said no
People are hating on Dr. Mike for taking a vacation and hanging out with friends. 99% of the people calling him a hypocrite rn, have probably done similar things at least once during the pandemic (and if you are that 1% I applaud your grit and endurance, because most people aren't as strong-willed as you). He tells people to stay home and wear a mask, because people often take influencer's words and actions to the extreme. If he told people that "hanging out with friends is okay every long once in a while", some of his audience would take that as "partying all the time is okay" and people like that are the reason the pandemic is still around. If everyone acted like Dr. Mike, the pandemic would be over already. Also, not everyone understands the risk vs reward spectrum. He made the best choice in his eyes, and took precautions afterwards, so who cares? The apology is bad, because he didn't need to apologize in the first place. He doesn't force people to stay in their house or close down their business (like politicians), all he does is give medically accurate information to help people make educated choices. His apology should have been, "Sorry for working 15 hour shifts, every day, for the last 10 months, and deciding to go on vacation once with friends for my mental health. It was hypocritical, because I tell you to stay home and wear a mask, because that's what we should all strive to do. But as humans we need social interaction. If you are willing to risk being that .1% that dies from covid, and hang out with friends, go ahead. Just make sure you take extreme precautions afterwards, to protect everyone else (ESPECIALLY the high risk). After traveling, ALWAYS self-quarantine for two weeks."  Remember folks: stay alert, not anxious.
cmon dr.Mike, this channel holds 11% of your audience. who are you even apologizing to?
Bro wtf why do you do this on your second channel basically no one watches this channel
Would you be apologizing if you were not  caught.. Don't think so... At least you all could resist posting it online I mean that is at least you all could do..
"I need to understand that my actions carry real consequences..." you didn't know that before? as a doctor?!
I was just wondering, amidst a pandemic and considering that he is a doctor. How did he manage to get a trip for weeks? while there are so many front liners who haven’t gotten a break from providing care to patients with and without covid. This is extremely disappointing and absurd.
Lol
I can't believe him, I hope he gets cancelled. I've already unsubscribe, he made all his money and fame he doesn't care anymore. Attack me and not the science? Then why aren't you listening to the science? Post this on your main channel you coward.
Everyone has faults.
How bout posting this on your main channel then you sloozy!! Talk about a hidden agenda - you're just sorry you got caught. Funny how all these experts turn out to be "do as I say not as I do" -ers.
I am not disappointed in you. You are human so I charge anyone if you have never made a mistake then judge.  Thank you Doc. Mike for being humble to say your sorry. Forgiven, now move on and keep doing good work. Blessings on you and your family. Stay safe . Oh , and thank you for all you do
Bad doctor! You make us all look bad, you make the discipline look bad just so you can satisfy your selfish needs and then posting in a second channel to pretend it never happened and keep your track record clean... screw you!
What part of this party was "little"?
It's weird this is hidden on a second channel. It seems myself and many others didn't know it existed. What I'd like to know the most right now is where do you stand on the potential mandatory vaccination?
Did you post this here hoping no one would see it? That didn’t work 😂 so pathetic dude hope you’re happy to have encouraged the conspiracy theorists while your colleagues die in their thousands 🙃🙃
Bruh you didnt even social distance at the boat, you were literally hugging each other. You're the one ruining your own message, and youre also ruining the message the CDC and WHO has been trying to convey. As a health care worker, and as an influencer, you've basically sabotaged the message. "I'm a human that made a mistake" doesn't quite cut it, when people are dying because of those kinds of attitudes, and you're literally doing the exact same as ignorant LA-influencers. Better to not say sorry than come up with a shitty "look how hard this pandemic has been on me"-excuse. It's been hard on all of us. A lot of us have lost loved ones to the pandemic, a lot of us have been ill due to the pandemic. A lot of us suffer from loneliness during the quarantine, isolation and social distancing due to the pandemic. So for you to irresponsibly and unapologetically go party in Miami, Florida, one of the states with the highest rates of COVID19 in the US, isn't just irresponsible. It's dangeorus. You may be young and healthy, but you don't know about the people you meet in the streets of New York. Do they have underlying illnesses? You don't know. Are they old? Quite possibly. Are they living with someone at a higher risk? Quite possibly. You've literally thrown your legitimacy out the window.
I will do some mistakes soon. 100%. I will go to Miami next month. Man I know this trip will be lit
to be honest, yes it's a bit disappointing but i'd say a lot of people in these comments doing the same thing and going out. it's bad, and i might just be numb to it at this point (bc i see every one of my friends and the celebrities going out constantly and not being safe), but everyone makes mistakes. this was a very stupid one, but idk if i was mad at and "cancelled" everyone who didnt follow protocols and was being irresponsible about covid, i wouldnt have anyone in my life...idk thats my take on it
What a beauty guru apology 😭 you’re clowning yourself
Chile lemme unsubscribe from both channels. This video is on a channel with just 1% of your audience, why not post this on your main channel? It still got a million views, this is just a bad look
My question is why is this not on your main channel 🤨
My goodness, just accept that you are tired of social distancing.  Don't apologize to save face.  Be a cool kid and become a grandiose narcissist.  They are almost completely immune to criticism.
Lame excuse. What a hypocrite.
he has done a wrong thing and he is sorry plz don't be mean.
you need to man up and post this apology on your main account, not here. clearly youre tryna hide this from that fraction of your followers who doesnt knows what happened...
Wow this is so disappointing 😞 masks are not a catch all solution for breaking guidelines
I don t think you did that horrible actions people accuse you....I mean guys, people make mistakes, I am so fed up with this social distancing...FED UP
This is such bullshit! You should be cancelled for this.
Lmao don't patronize us. Hypocrite.
We’re getting slaughtered out here. Leave social interaction for when this is over. I don’t understand what is difficult about this. And I have clinical depression, I’m supposed to be the one struggling with this.
The disappointing thing is that by posting it on ur second and much MUCH smaller youtube channel....It looks like that you don't want people to know about the fact that you fu*ked up.... Like cmon man
This proves that there’s no science backing masks prevents contraction of a 96% survival rate cold virus. Stop the 🤥 and own up.
I know you don’t know me and probably don’t care about my opinion but I just want to say that I’m so disappointed... First of all you posting this on this channel instead of on your main channel is giving me bad vibes. Second of all, you out of everybody should know better. I and many other people have been staying at home (I couldn’t work for 4 months even) I also missed my birthday and many other’s. I really liked you but this hurts
Dr Mike it honestly is so disappointing. Firstly I didn't think you checked any guide lines before getting on the boat. As a doctor and being well informed on the matter of covid-19 (just by the information you provided in many videos) you would know that a boat cramped full of people was not okay and putting people at risk. Also if your friend surprised you with a boat party, you suddenly have the time to research guidelines?.. 🤔 This apology is not conveying sincerity Dr Mike. Alot of grasping at things to blame like your friends hiring the boat at a whim, being healthy, living alone etc.  I think you should have just said I messed up, I knew the guidelines but decided I knew better and thought having fun with friends was more important. That you made a dumbass fucking choice and you thought you could get away with it being a doctor. Honestly would have made this apology much more sincere.  Dr Mike you fucked up and should admit it. Honestly as a Doctor YOU KNEW better. Disappointed in you and the backlash you're receiving is well deserved. Take this as a learning opportunity. Don't think you can get away with things because you're a doctor and you're an influencer with over 6 MILLION followers. You're a smart man. I have the feeling you knew everything here in this situation and decided to act like the pandemic didn't apply to you.
Pov: you  are from Angelika Oles video about Dr.Mike
Its ok. We all make mistakes Dr Mike keep up :) <3
This is him just trying to justify his actions. If you’re going to flaunt the rules don’t preach them.
Apology heard Not accepted
you should be ashamed of yourself. you don’t deserve the right to act as an influencer for the medical community if this is how you choose to behave,
Actions have consequences. That being said the consequences of him posting the apology on this channel and not his main is worse...
Upload this to your main channel, hypocrite!
Lmaooooooo “ALERT NOT ANXIOUS” yeah right 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yikes how tone deaf is that? and he's trying to justify it... rich handsome celebrity doing what tone deaf rich good looking people do, it's disappointing that you couldnt be different.
I love how half yall are tripping about his apology video, when you guys dont even wear masks in public unless forced.
First of, disappointed because if he is a doctor that can't take his own advice <even if he followed guidelines> then why should he expect others to listen to that advice. Also, isn't it funny how he posted this on his small yt channel rather than his main channel, where his core audience is at. Seems sus but okay.
Wooooow, I’m so disappointed ☹️ My dad is a doctor and had been risking his life to help people with covid and is really sad seeing  people like him doing parties like nothing is happening
"I messed up but..." come on I haven't seen my grandparents in months, I haven't gone to parties, I've missed my 20th birthday over this and because of people going out I will miss my 21st. It's ridiculous like you said we are all struggling but that doesn't excuse bad behaivor especially when you are an influencer who people look to for medical advice. We all make mistakes, but it's still extremely disappointing.
How come this isn't in your main channel? 😒
Maybe you should listen to what you preach or else you’re being a hypocrite and also very irresponsible even if you’re at your safe  you’re still putting yourself and others around you at a constant risk because asymptomatic people and the virus doesn’t immediately affect people... also false negatives are a thing lastly be thankful you sir still have job  unlike most people right now...this was Arrogant at best and life-threatening at worst... I thought you were different from all these influencer but you’re worse because you knew better and I’m disappointed because at least these influencer have a deniability to a certain extent but you sir are a doctor you know a lot of medical things
Thank you for your vulnerability and showing us that you’re FREAKING HUMAN. We ALL slip up at some point, and doctors are no exception to this reality. The important thing is to own up to our mistakes and do our best to make things right. Keep doing what you love and keep being real  Dr. Mike.
Its sad that i learned alot from you yet you didnt learn from other people
Does he have a job as a doctor?   Where?  I think he spends a lot of time on youtube,  rather than being a doctor.   Imagine if your doctor had 2 youtube channels.   Nah.
I'm more angry at his hypocrisy. People make mistakes - that's understandable - but he's the guy who kept saying "there's no excuse for not following the guidelines" and would call out people who weren't being careful. Plus he's a freaking doctor. Smh
Does not surprise me. It is a prime example of "Rules for thee but not for me." This is how the world works nowadays. Maybe because those people know the virus is not that lethal.
“What’s killing me most...when I see bad actors...” isn’t that exactly what you are tho in this moment? What a half assed apology when you have been spitting this rhetoric about masks and social distancing but can’t even follow it when people have been DYING and can’t even say goodbye to their family members. So disgusted with you.
Dude, why is this on your clips channel? You have a pretty sincere apology in this video but it's so clearly not for your regular audience, I had to search for this video when I heard about it on a drama channel. I'm sure you'll be forgiven and honestly, your mistake just proves that pandemic fatigue is real and we all are dealing with it, but seriously this should have been on your main channel.
You should’ve posted this on your main channel and taken FULL accountability, not on this channel that has only a fraction of your followers.
I've never seen so many negative comments...   People, get a life!
I never liked this man he makes me cringe so much , but regardless please guys don't act that u are so shocked and u never go out outside for a gathering or idk without wearing a mask
You’re not admitting you’re wrong. You are making excuses. You put this on a channel with a tiny percentage of you subscribers because you are too scared to face your actions. You can’t take criticism and that is made evident by this sad excuse of an apology. So many people haven’t seen family, they haven’t been able to have funerals for all those that have died, they have lost their jobs and livelihoods because irresponsible narcissists like you decide having your birthday is more important than protecting others. You should be ashamed to call yourself a doctor. You are sworn to protect but you can’t even be considerate to those around you.
Hippocratic Oath? More like Hypocritic OOF.
Hi Dr. Mike, I wanted to say that I'm disappointed too, just like everyone else. But I understand what you are going through and I forgive you. I'm sorry you are receiving so much hate; people don't need to question your age, your intelligence, or your ability to provide accurate medical information. There will always be people criticizing everything that you do. There is no need to turn on each other, especially during times like this. As an aspiring doctor, you always inspire me to do better for other people. Please take care of yourself.
Why is this on your secondary channel? Hmm...
Guys, don't hate him.. He just made a mistake! Everyone makes mistake, What about you? You make mistakes, I make mistakes and Everyone makes mistake, and I heard you guys are saying that he should've have sent it at his main channel,  Imagine this happened to you...? He promised to learn from he's mistakes, if you don't make mistakes, you're not a human being...
Sir I expect better from you  What type of apology was this ? Not angry but mad. Try better next time
Maybe, you should take a break and think about what you actually did. Like actually...
This is the epitome of w privilege.
Hypocrite
had so much respect for this guy, had.  can i still party if i distance myself 6 feet away from everybody?  what was the answer again i kinda forgot.
I like the water sports excuse about the masks. Unless you were using the water toys you should’ve had one on. No ones getting wet just hanging out on a yacht that size.🤨 what a load of bullshit. He knew better.
you should’ve taken your own advice, “doctor”. you have colleagues who are working their asses of on the frontlines, you have colleagues who are DYING. colleagues who will have PTSD because they cannot save their patients who are positive with this virus. while you’re out partying on a boat, people were dying. you shouldn’t have to “learn from this”. YOU KNEW BETTER, just didn’t care enough to follow guidelines. careless & selfish.
i subscribed to you during the lockdown and im taking that back now. lol.
Why isn't this on your main channel thooooo?
Thank you for explaining.  We are all human and I appreciate your willingness to be humble and open about this.  Thank you for all you do!
What makes it worse is that he DOES know better. He just chose not to do what he knows is better. Sure, you wanted to have some fun. We all do. But we all know the repercussions and risks. You're a doctor! You know how it works, you know how it spreads, you know a lot about it. We only know to wash our hands, stay at home, and that it's dangerous but we do so much better than you!
what really angers me the most is that he knew that people were dying, that his own colleagues were risking their lives to save ours, yet he still tried to find loopholes to justify partying on a yacht. it's mad disrespectful. it also takes away his credibility because even if he continues to try to spread information about covid-19, no one's going to take him seriously.
As a premed, disabled student, I am dissapointed in you.
I would rather listen to a real frontline Doc like Dr. Cameron Kyle-Sidell! He is braver, more honest and sincere and way more attractive than Dr. Mike!
I'm honestly mad and disappointed. The fact that he can take the privilege of going to a party while most of us can't even see our families. And the fact this wasn't posted on his main channel where it will reach a bigger audience shows how his image is more important. It's so disgusting to see someone who's supposed to be an influencer and a health care provider can be so careless
oh, so now he's deleting comments that call him out for not having the balls to post this to his main channel? cool, what a disappointment
My mother: "I raised three boys and all of them would have come up with a better lie."
🤮🤮🤮
Dude is a complete phony. Your apology is more of you defending your choice to do this. This is why I have trust issues with doctors. A PHONY everyone stop following this kid. Proves it’s just luck to become a doctor no common sense
You can’t have fun during the pandemic Dr. Mike did you forget that? 😂💀
he followed all the guidelines correctly and it shows: he attended the event and didn't contact any virus. stop reaching
I’m immunocompromised. I live in the UK and cannot fly home for Christmas. I will be ALONE for the holidays in order to adhere to safety guidelines.  Hope that boat party was fun. At least some of us are taking this seriously.
This apology is as bad as Shane Dawson's ...
Chest compressions on this apology video cus its dying
So disappointed because I thought you were a good doctor but that is clearly not the case. You have zero empathy and no regard for the patients you care for. I will assume you took the Hippocratic Oath and you swore that you would not cause harm to other people but funny enough you did. What's worse is you are denying and hiding it. You don't get to call yourself a doctor to be honest.
Dissapointed!!!
I loved Dr.Mile for so long but this makes me so sad. This won’t end unless everybody chips in. I am immunocompromised and if I get Covid my doctors say I will definitely end up in the ICU because I get knocked out from the common cold. Please wear masks. They save lives.😷😷😔
The hospitals are at max capacity.  Doctors are dying every day. There are so many dead from covid-19 in my area that we have truck trailers full of dead bodies because we've run out of places to put them all!! But I hope you enjoyed your stupid party!  My dad just spent months in 2 different hospitals fighting lung cancer and it pisses me off to no end to know that there are irresponsible idiots like you out there putting him at risk.  On top of it all you decide to hide your pitiful excuse for an apology on your second channel so you won't have to take responsibility for your stunt.  You deserve to have your license revoked for endangering everyone you've come in contact with.  What a fucking hypocrite.
On your main channel your April 1st video titled 'doctor answers top 10 faq' at 1:18 you're asked if it's ok to have a mini party if everyone stays distant and you say "The answer to this question is a hard no. Social distancing means physical distancing." 🤔
You just really needed throw a boat party as the U.S is hitting its peak  at over 100k cases a day?
Put this on your main channel, you absolute coward.
You should be better~ I guess u r just a cliche
This should be on your main channel....
1:50 is when you first admit that you did something wrong in the video proper. No, the title doesn't count. Starting off an apology video that is four minutes and forty-four seconds long with almost two nonstop minutes of excuses makes you sound incredibly insincere.
My husband just informed me that the CDC says that COVID doesn’t spread when you are in Florida, among bikini clad women. Now, get with the program.  Stay home, stay safe.
Good that you've put an apology up.... Now put it on your main channel. Also, I can understand being upset when people see your party and disregard your messages,  but actions speak louder than words.
This is so fucking infuriating. Not just disappointing -- infuriating. Not only did you do this after making months of content telling people how to be safe, you didn't even apologize on your main channel so you could avoid heat. I trusted you. I sent your videos to my panicking mother at the beginning of this because I trusted you. I haven't seen my family since March and meanwhile the internet's favorite doctor is partying in Miami.
Oh hell no, guys imagine how much time he had to plan that trip and the whole time he was like THIS IS OK!
This video radiates "I'm sorry, but-" energy
Hy-po-crite, just a glorified influencer at this point
The thing that disappoints me the most is for the first half of this video you talk about how healthy YOU are and how YOU are following all the rules.  But 1. YOU are an influencer. You influence people. You are in a position of power where others look to you for guidance and support. You are not only an influencer but also a DOCTOR. You should've known better than to do something so reckless. And 2. Do you not go to the shops? Do you EVER not put yourself in an environment (your own work place???) where you come across more vulnerable people. YOU more than anyone else should know that not all vulnerable people are obvious just by their looks. Just because YOU are young and healthy, doesn't mean others around you are too.   There are people who haven't seen family in MONTHS. There are people who are scared to even go to the store incase they get Covid. People have had to cancel weddings. People have had to miss loved ones funerals. My own baby hasn't been able to see his Grandparents or Great Grandmother because my husband is classed as vulnerable.  But you followed guidelines. That makes it totally ok. I hope you read this and understand that not only have you disappointed many people, but you've hurt them too.
You do you baby. So what you didn’t wear a mask with your friends and whoever else was on that boat.  If you did some work and you felt comfortable taking off your mask then good for you.  I don’t believe that you made a mistake.  I believe that the people that are attacking you because you had a birthday party with some friends are wrong.  Don’t listen to the media and many of the behind the screens warriors, we all know that they are lying or looking for their 15 minutes of fame.  I still support you and will be loyal to you because you are amazing and you in no way shape or form let me down.  While I am just one out of many, but I just wanted to send a note to let tell you to not let it get you down! Stay happy!
and you call yourself a doctor ?? ....
If you’re so sorry, why put this on your clips channel, doesn’t come across like you’re sorry at all. Many people including myself looked to you for some guidance and comfort during the pandemic, and you’ve basically just laughed in our faces and in the faces of the sick and dying and went out and partied and then didn’t bother apologising to your 6m+ main channel audience.
Everyone in these comments has went to a gathering of some sort so stfu and leave the man alone😂
Please post this on your main channel because it’s looks like you post it here to not get as much backlash,  you would of posted it on your main and to get out of the drama sooner then later.  Also that you preached to not travel but you did makes you so hypocritical and idk if I can put my total trust into you again.
okay but why is this video posted here and not on your main channel?
I would drop him so fast if he was my doctor. Tbh any famous therapist or doctor is shady as hell in general. You should be focusing on your profession, not trying to get famous for literally doing your job. If you want to create social media accounts based on other areas and interests in your life I see no problem with it or just using YouTube strictly to provide advice from your field but idk there is something really unprofessional about doing it the way he has. Kati Morton is the other one who comes to mind. I'm getting tired of giving these 2 faced professionals attention. 😔
My uncle died on my birthday this year and I couldnt celebrate his life or my golden birthday. I got married this year, my then fiance just signing papers with me so at least we would be married if something happens. I am having issues and am going to have to go into surgery alone for the first time this year on the 28th. This is my 31st surgery and I am very scared to be alone.  Im glad you---a guy wealthy enough to pay for medical school--who has no "risk" thinks its fine.   Hope that party was worth the respect of people like me. People who need doctors all the time. People who disabled, or sick and are stuck inside clutching our pearls waiting for everyone else to care about sick people enough to just put a mask on. Good to know you are too Entitled for that.
As a mentally-ill individual, I'm truly disappointed. The pandemic has aggravated my anxiety. I couldn't even meet my therapist out of fear of contracting the virus. We are at home suffering financially, mentally and physically whilst you still have the guts to party and not wear a mask. Sorry, I'm unsubscribing.
I forgive you twice.
You're only sorry you got caught. (hence why it's only on this smaller channel that I didn't even know about til now) This isn't some "oopsie" it was a decision you made fully knowing the repercussions and you just decided you didn't care because you thought you wouldn't get caught. Being in such a place of power and prominence, its just so incredibly irresponsible and just oozes privilege. This isn't people trying to cancel you its people who are disappointed and who want to hold you accountable for your actions.
Guess who lost my respeeeeect
"I'm young, I have no health problems." *Can you say the same of your patients?* Masks are incredibly important, but they still aren't 100% effective. You know this. You talk about how it sends an irresponsible message, but not about how you are risking the same people who trust you with their health. There were 15 people in that picture, huddled up, no masks. *I'm pretty sure the guides on boat capacity are assuming you'll use that space to socially distance, dude,* and everything I've seen since the start of the pandemic has discouraged gatherings of 10+ people.  We have holidays on Zoom and we've accepted that we can't meet up with our own families, and you're out here partying with some models on your new private boat.
OMG PEOPLE !!! Let him breath. He is a human ! Human mess up sometimes ! The world has too much negativity already. Give him a second chance.
everything about this is just embarrassing lol
me when you’re a hypocrite 😐
Disappointed, you are the voice of reason for so much people.
"Covid 19 is serious." Yeah, because partying on a boat is taking Covid serious. Disappointing.
Disappointed, not sincere at all
I’m sorry, why post a video like this on this smaller channel? WHY?
Nope, I don't buy all that. I'm disappointed that even a doctor can't keep it together when I've been stuck inside for nine months.
You could have handled the situation in a way that reinforced the messages of stay safe to your friends and anyone who asked about it afterwards. It can be as simple as saying no to a photo because there isn't the space to stay far enough apart. Or saying no when you were uncomfortable, or offering a different plan to ensure everyone stayed safe or less people were on the boat at a time. This could have been a very different video.
Please just stop lying and making excuses.
The fact that you uploaded this "apology" to THIS channel instead of the one that the vast majority of people follow you on ... it's extremely telling.
You lost me at “got me a boat for a birthday present” 😂 you are neither relatable nor sympathetic, my dude
been watching your videos for a couple of years now and honestly this apology is disappointing. you did something you have been preaching against (rightfully) almost all year, then you do that exact same thing you've been telling people NOT to do. and once you got caught, you basically tried guilt-tripping people in your discord, then when that didn't work, you decided to post an apology video to a channel that has a fraction of the subs your main channel has, and have it mostly be you making excuses for yourself and not just simply owning what you did.   to me, now you just seem like a coward who didn't even respect his own community enough to address them directly and honestly.
I’m sorry but how are we supposed to take this “apology” seriously when a) you post it on your second channel that has 1% the number of subscribers than your first, you’ve been preaching at everyone for months to not do this exact thing (party, travel, not social distance, no mask wearing, etc), and that, in your case (when you’re a literal doctor who’s been profiting off of telling other people not to do these things) it’s not a one size fits all situation and that we should cut you some slack cause it’s “been a difficult year”. It’s been hard on everyone and for you probably easier than most with your financial security. You must really think we’re all idiots if you thought that this “apology” would be enough to get people off of your back for this. Disappointed does not begin to describe how I (and many people) are feeling.
This is calculated. You didn't put the apology on your main channel, which has 6 MILLION more subs. You don't actually want to be held accountable. You're just sorry you got caught in your privilege and acting like the rules didn't apply to you. The rules that you shouted at us  for months.
Guys give him a break,  we all probably broke the measures at least once or twice. Over night we were told to stay inside and not come out. We all felt like monkeys in a cage. He was following the guidelines. But the internet will always hate. We all make mistakes but he shouldn’t get all of those nasty comments. If you have followed the guidelines, perfect you’ve adapted better to the measures than 90% of us. Give him a break it was just one time unlike Tana or Jake Paul
You gave influencers the weapon it’s your fault , it’s not hard to stay home and keep the people who are at risk safe .Disappointed as you constantly talk about trust between health care professionals and patients yet you have done this opening up the possibility that other professionals could do it too .how is that for trust ?! You should apologise to everyone not just us !
The impact DID hurt the message you’ve been putting out all this time  I really wouldn’t do a react to anything video or take it lightheartedly.   Not everyone is gonna take the same steps you are gonna take even if you did take them. And you yourself admit you have a responsibility being a humongous influencer. Yeah you’re human but you also have the biggest right of saying “no”
Nah. You are a hypocrite. You criticize other people for going on parties and you do it yourself. I wouldn’t be so disappointed if you weren’t a doctor but you are. YOU ARE! And plus you post this on your smaller channel for and not your main one? Coz you were hoping that not a lot of people will see it. Think about that for a minute Dr. Mike. You messed up. Period. Do not blame it on anyone else and because “you were in one state for a long time”. No, we all are doing this, not just you.
This is the reason why the public feels distrustful of medical professionals and public health professionals right now. Congrats, you're a hypocrite. Also, this apology is trash.
You of all people should know that individual risk isn't the main factor. You put vulnerable people at risk and as not only a doctor, but a doctor in the public eye who is supposed to be known for educating and setting a good example, you should be ashamed. I'm so disappointed in you for this.
You are a disgrace to the medical field.
We all make mistakes, it’s good that you’ve learnt from. No matter what many of us still respect you! As I said we all make mistakes, some mistakes are larger than others but the main thing is learning from them. I hope that you are doing well, stay safe ❤️
Honestly i’m just deeply disappointed
Hypocrite 😂
I am so disappointed in you. The fact that I had to find out about this video from a drama channel, rather than you actually posting it on your main channel with 6 million subscribers, speaks volumes. You are trying to down play this whole situation.  Dr. Mike, you are a doctor. It’s in your name. You should know better. Your colleagues are sick and dying around you and you go party on a yacht? DURING A PANDEMIC? After telling EVERYONE to social distance? Wow. Just wow. Practice what you preach or find a new career because this is just ridiculous. You have a MASSIVE platform. People look to you for advice. If they see you partying, what do you think they’re going to do? You are part of the problem. You are not above this pandemic. We’re all in this together and you, of all people, should know that. So very disappointing.
Since this pandemic started, I haven’t seen my friends in person. Since this pandemic started, the only people I’ve visited, is my mom and dad,  my brother, and my 2 sisters, all with masks and social distancing. I work in a nursing home as a CNA, so I don’t want to catch COVID, or pass it to any of my residents, all of which have heart issues, respiratory issues, and others, that put them a higher risk of being killed by COVID.      What I’m trying to say is, yes, while you may not be at high risk for dying from COVID, and neither am I (I’m 19 with no health issues), as medical personnel, it’s our job to think of those we take care of when it comes to our lives outside of work, and when it comes to the example we set. People look to us, you as a doctor and social media figure far, far, FAR more than me, but people look to us. All medical workers. And when we do things that betray the interest of stopping the pandemic, we make people who were on the fence about being safe for themselves and others during this time, think this is not important. Because why, if the frontline people don’t seem to care, why should anyone else?
Dude you’re a DOCTOR. You should know better. You were literally waltzing around talking about how people should take more precautions, and now this???... This is just so disappointing
although i am disappointed, we’re all human and we make mistakes, we’re all hypocritical sometimes, and we are not perfect! Dr. Mike u need to be held accountable, but i’m not going to act as if i am perfect, and i never mess up. please do better next time
It's just really sad because you lost a lot of credibility. Now people will see you as a doctor partying, and think they can too :/
I'm so disappointed in you
Privilege privilege privilege. Wow.
How disappointing
Aren't you embarrassed? It's really pathetic that a doctor is trying to excuse being so irresponsible.
At my eyes now you're not a doctor anymore, you're just Mike.
If COVID 19 is serious and you take it seriously why didn’t you take safety precautions. Why did you throw a party on a yacht.
You don’t get to change the rules to suit yourself, you’ve lost your credibility because your actions speak louder than your words and it’s not fair on those that are and have been doing the right thing while you’ve added to the problem.
I’m sorry but you can’t say you messed up. It was a decision you made and you thought you weren’t going to get caught but you did and now you’re trying to say it was a mistake. Everyone in this pandemic is struggling. Some people couldn’t even visit their dying relatives in the hospital and you’re trying to frame this as a mistake. This is disappointing. Do better and be better.
Why did you post this one your second channel and not on your main channel?
"Hi guys I'm sorry y'all are poor and cant have a fun yacht party like my friends and I but like I'm better than y'all so what did you expect. Like what you want me a DOCTOR to follow the rules? I'm hot I can do whatever I want you dumb peasants! Anyway y'all keep following the rules, I'm sorry I got caught and now I have to make this silly little apology video on my second channel. Soooooo shouts out to all the doctors and nurses risking their lives and mental health having to deal with all the death they are seeing sorry y'all cant have fun like me kisses"
Lmfao WTF 😭 your like "DoNt Go To PaRtYs" 😵 idiotic.
You literally spent so many videos telling us to stay home, mask up, and NOT travel. Millions of people missed so many important things, weddings, births, birthdays, anniversaries and funerals. People are already so distrusting of doctors and this is the choice you make. Don't feel pity for yourself when you chose to make these decisions.
I just would like to say that all of you criticizing him should look at yourself and make sure you’re doing everything perfect 100% of the time every single day. If so, wonderful! Continue being 100% perfect. Everyone else, just chill out. I understand why you’re upset but really, like he’s the only one who has broke any of the covid protocols. We’re all humans and we all **** up. Is what he did right? No. But are you really so much better? “He who is without sin...”
Get the  out of here. People havent seen their family memebers. 1. Because theyve passed for Corona 2. they work with people who have corona. You're a donctor. Do better
I accept your apology.
Is partying really that freaking important. Y'all act like you will die of you don't go out and party. I'm so tired and disappointed. These influencers (yea at this point you're an influencer Mike) are so entitled and tone deaf.   Also you're so called friends posting this is shady. Either they're not the people you think they are or they really have worms in the brain
WHY Dr. Mike? WHY?
Not u uploading the video to the Channel with 70k subs instead of the 6.5M one, hypocrisy at it's finest
This is p*** take he post his "apology" on this channel which only has 70k subscribers and not his main channel that has 6.5m subscribers is he really sorry or is it just one of those apologies people do to not look bad and take the heat off of them. Bit hypocritical to be honest
Don't worry Mike everyone makes mistakes we're human you have lost no respect in my eyes
TRASH
This is why people don't want to be a celebrity. Everything you do wrong will be posted on social media. He's a human too guys, he makes mistakes.
You know what Dr. Mike made a mistake he is a normal person he took the necessary precautions and he apologized. Just because he’s a doctor does not mean he can’t have fun because I am sure you spent time with your family and friends without even thinking about the risks without testing if you have the virus or not.  Dr. Mike if you see this I’m so sorry people are doing this you said you took the necessary precautions and I believe you, you are a great doctor and just because you wanted to let loose and have fun does not make you a bad person. Much love - Madison ps. Love the videos
One person in my province got COVID from an unknown source, we went from no cases to 14 in three days. I can’t see my in-laws, we may not be able to visit any family at Christmas because of lockdowns and it’s because people like you find ways to skirt the rules. Trying to find loop holes to get around accountability. Even if you test on return, you know it can take days to get a positive. How many people would you see in those days, how many patients did you risk so you could party while the rest of us follow the rules you have said will help us. Children had to be understanding that they can’t have birthdays but I’m real glad a grown adult was able to have his birthday party.
Grow some balls and post this on your main channel
I'm so highly disappointed in you Dr. Mike. I had such respect for you and the fact that you were constantly pushing the dangers of  COVID-19 and the importance of mask-wearing. Actions speak so much louder than words. You FLEW to Florida....a Pandemic hotspot, and partied UN-MASKED with people that were not of the same household, and BTW, those models you partied with, have been partying non-stop and un-masked. You IRRESPONSIBLY not only put yourself at risk...BUT YOUR PATIENTS!!!! YOUR PATIENTS! The people who F*cking TRUST YOU! All for a party on a boat w some hot models. We all know which head of yours was being used that day...and it wasn't the one that got you through medical school. Be smarter. Do better. You can start by putting this "apology" on your main channel...where you get the majority of your views. Smh. Here's something to think about Dr. Mike... My two AUTISTIC CHILDREN cannot go to school and get the in-person therapies that they DESPERATELY NEED...And you're over here partying on a boat..I just cant get over the irresponsibility.
I‘m sorry I got caught and I‘m posting this bad apology full of lies on my secret second channel so I continue to make money on the mainchannel.
"Risk is a spectrum..." – Seriously? Unaware that your own, personal risk might put your parents or patients at risk? Or that all the beautiful people on that boat might have other friends and relatives etc. that might be at a higher risk?
Coming from someone who is immune compromised, who is struggling to weed through all the data and hype, yet respect and honor healthcare providers hard, dangerous jobs....I was disappointed in the photos and choice.....but then also it made you even more real. The struggle is real, the decisions we are all making are real and hard.... the apology was another brave and shows your integrity.  We are never going to agree one others decisions, choices but we can be kind and show grace. Thank you for continuing to speak out and t ry to make sense of this new normal.
I think the guy deserves forgiveness. Sure, he messed up big, but I doubt anyone is innocent of making significant mistakes at some point in their lives. Doctors are humans too, and humans are susceptible to temptation. Life is about improving yourself, and mistakes show how much you can grow. This only exhibits what areas Dr. Mike can improve in as a person. If anything, this was more of a lesson to him than a provocation to his audience.  What makes him forgivable is that he acknowledges what he did was wrong, even after justifying the safety of the trip. He followed all the “testing, boat capacity, and travel guidelines” to ensure the repercussions were avoided. As an outcome, no one on the boat were infected with the virus, yet people continue to berate him for what *could* have happened.  People mention that his apology does not suffice. What more could he have said? He expressed his disappointment in himself, told us what he could have done better, and agreed that he messed up.  Even if it was rehearsed, you can see he put effort into making an apology video  all the while spreading a good public health message.
I wanna know who exposed him
This is disgusting. I am so disappointed.
This reminds me of the pope liking that photo on Instagram.
You are only human and you make mistakes. I am with you. I have made mistakes during this pandemic and so have so many thousands others. Thank you for talking about it
The fact this is on his side or least viewed account 😂
right when cases are going even higher.
All you people who are throwing shade at him literally have to get some perspective Doctor Mike has clearly stated with proof that there were certain CDC guidelines that he was abiding by. He was tested, his friends were tested, and he contacted his hospital and took their tips on a safe return as well. Honestly, you people are the ones who are hypocrites. y'all say you're his fans and his followers, but the second he does something just barely questionable, y'all jump ship. All I'm saying is, get some perspective and try to see things from his point of view. He honestly did nothing wrong. Sure, he didn't haave to go for the party, but he did, and when he did, he followed all the guidelines to the t. I honestly believe he has nothing to apologize for and the only reason he is apologizing right now is because he truly feels bad for doing this. And you guys can say this apology is not sincere all you want, but the fact of the matter is he feels bad about what he did. And more importantly, he feels bad about what he did, not because anyone got covid after his party or anything, no. He feels bad because he thinks he let us down. And if that doesn't show how sincere his apology is and what his personality truly is like, I don't know what does. So guys, once again, try to understand things from his point of view, and forgive him. He's still the same amazing doctor who gives people awesome advice and content. Sure he made a mistake, but it's not the end of the world. He's the same person, so cut him some slack.
I never knew this community was so toxic......
You told people to have zoom birthday parties and then you don’t follow your own advice? You’ve lost my respect.
man, im hurtt bruh 😔
Ok. But I’m still disappointed :( I mean I test patients all the time. And I can’t guarantee, even with a test that I won’t carry it unknowingly to my mom. So I haven’t seen her since this started :( idk. You do you.
Whats even more embarrasing is he didnt even apologise on his main channel. Its almost like he didnt want people to see what he did. Smh. Im disgusted. 🤢
The party girls really did get the best of you, huh?  I haven’t seen my family in about 10 months, let alone gone partying.  You lost your credibility in the ocean? Kim, there’s people that are dying.
It’s weird at first when I saw this video their were more likes now there are more dislikes lol...
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
So, small businesses who break the rules face losing their licenses, their livelihoods and potential jail time and he who is pushing for these rules gets away with an apology after getting caught? That's some serious privilege right there, folks.
I know a lotta ppl are disappointed that "their\the Dr. Mike" did this. But to: Dr. Mike, I know you're human = we all make decisions that may not have been the best at times, especially when it's for something joyful like your birthday. We all make hypocritical choices at times. It's both a blessing and curse is that you're a public figure so you will get a lotta flack. Dr. Mike, as long as you understood it was prob not the best choice, you can forgive yourself and move on. Keep posting health videos. Keep educating us. You're still a blessing 👍🏼
My sister is sitting alone in the hospital battling cancer ALONE because people won’t stop gathering and won’t wear masks. I admired you as a PreMed. I’m so disappointed in your actions. It is terrifying to think that my sister’s doctors are doing the things you are doing while she has no immune system. I’m incredibly disappointed.
you don't have to apologize, people just love to make unnecessary youtube drama and get some content out of it.  plus you are a terrible liar, but i guess you gotta do what you gotta do.
not mad just disspointed, ill still watch your videos though
Notice how he posted this on his side account and not his main
So disappointed
i was rooting for you we were all rooting for you.. how dare you
Dude......you have essentially opened the doors for people to loose faith in science....the 'sole ' reason as per you. To start the channel.......and puhlease the impact of your apology is shoot I'm sorry because I got caught......Stop VICTIMISING YOURSELF.  This apology is similar to a drama club.....but it's amazing to see the woes of a celebrity
Notice how he uploaded this to his side channel not his main..
you should never have even gone and posting this on your second channel is just even worse
You are human, don’t be so hard on yourself. You are still a great inspiration to a multitude of individuals. Please continue to be happy and healthy!!!  😎 Go Mikhail!
Why not putting it in your milllionnn channel ...but no u put it here , in ur small channel
Nah man ....f u
I spent my birthday in full lockdown and only aloud to go on one walk. I sat in my garden over 2 meters away from my best friends whilst they gave me presents. Even me a 14 year old girl can figure out that a party in a pandemic is dumb. Disappointed
Just wow
When I first saw this issue on a tea channel, I thought it was a joke. I was thinking, "It can't be the Doctor Mike I watch most of the time, right? 😅".... And I found this video. And I was like, "Oh...😨" To be honest, I'm pretty disappointed of how RECKLESS AND IRRESPONSIBLE his actions were. I never expected that he could mess up that bad because I'm also a daughter of a doctor, and I've seen my mom cancelling plans here and there, taking a lot of precautions at home and when going out, talking to her co-workers of do's and don'ts and SHE, HERSELF, FOLLOWS THEM STRICTLY.  I'm speechless. I really do not know what to say. Though, I really do know that this made me change my perspective on things, especially on people.   I really do hope that he'll do better because what a platform and influence he has. I really hate it going into waste.  I'm just saying. No offense. 2020 is already horrible, I do not want to worsen it.
The fact that he didn’t upload this to his main. Channel .......
You should have thought about this event of yours and the words you preach. Actions like this will only fuel anti maskers. They see a professional preach about mask wearing and social distancing and then you turn around and go to parties. You shouldn't be surprised they are going to attack you because if you don't practice what you preach. They're going to wonder how serious covid is if people like you go to parties or travel without masks. If you don't practice what you preach. DON'T PREACH!!!
it's a bad look, pretty bad even. You know better. That being said you do provide decent content otherwise. It's just pretty pathetic. We don't care that you are negative. Everyone going to every party think they will come out negative, and yet people die. It severely undermine your points and make you look like a frat boy. Keep up the otherwise good work anyway.
This 'Apology' should be on your MAIN channel where all 6.5 MILLION of your fans can see it. This is absolutely horrendous and hypocritical. I am so disappointed. A DOCTOR. Someone who is supposed to protect us from this. It doesn't matter what the CDC Guidelines are. It's common sense. You need better friends, heck, you need better education, a better life, a better sense of comprehension. This apology is riddled with excuses and is not acceptable in any way. Shame on you 'Doctor' Mike.
What a phoney... please stop following these social media “influencers” especially since it always seems like the rules don’t ever apply to them.
You did not even admit that your actions were inherently wrong. You should have known better than to go out and party with people during a pandemic. I cannot even eat dinner indoors with my brother who goes to college, because of this pandemic. You need to do better and admit what you did was wrong even if you did not violate boating capacity laaws or whatever.
My 21st birthday is in one week Dr. Mike. I'm not doing ANYTHING with friends or family outside of my house. My best friend's 21st birthday was also this year and I haven't seen her since March. I don't care how careful you were the hypocrisy you've displayed disgusts me. If you were truly sorry you'd put this on your main channel.
I am so, so glad people are calling you out for this, and you gain no sympathy for being a hypocrite.  Pick a side, and stick with the right one.  We all know you know what it is.
Guys, we all make mistakes. And saying sorry is the greatest when you do mistakes. Hope people support each other. I am not a fan or a subscriber but I had and still have respect to Dr Mike.
How can you betray your colleagues all over the world? As the front liners in this global pandemic that's very irresponsible of you to do so. Moreover you have this massive internet followers and I believe many of them are ppl who do not take this covid thungy seriously. Now they would have excuses to legitimate their beliefs which is freaking nooot trueeee smh.
Do better Dr. Mike like post this on your main channel.
Mike, it’s about credibility and character ! You have proven that you don’t have it & that you’re hypocrite. You gave the conspiracy junkies a weapon to downplay the Pandemie.
We forget you but post this on your main account ..... Cuz....... U know...
Bruh just let people live and if they die they die. Its their problem
Firstly: why is this video here, on a smaller channel most people don’t know about? Why are you hiding this? Secondly: you’re ‘apology’ video came off as more of a shrug and an excuse for why you did what you did. Like when you ask a child why they thought it was okay to do something they knew not to, and they can only shrug and say they don’t know why.  Thirdly, and most importantly: I had so much respect for you. Even just knowing you’d been not following your own rules in Miami, whatever. People make mistakes.  If your apology video was an actual apology, where you just admitted to being human and making a mistake, I’d still respect you. But these excuses (and c’mon, we know you’re lying about looking up guidelines for mask-wearing near water, you’re a doctor and should already have known that fact) these excuses are are childish and immature, and further hiding the video on your much smaller channel is absolutely cowardly.  Please do better. Be better.
So our Thanksgiving dinners and Christmas dinners are okay to have? I mean we are all negative, so it's okay, right ? What about funerals, weddings, birth, ect that has happened. You're a joke and I hope you don't make videos anymore.
do as I say not as I do. pathetic. Just think of all the grannies you've killed, all those sad children that doctor mike has to say " I killed your grannie".
Nope nope nope, I don't care about your excuses. You're a doctor and you should have known better. Not only was it irresponsible to have a party in general BUT TO THEN be cracking people's necks WHILE INTOXICATED! Seriously..do you even actually have a doctor's licence, Because you've clearly shown that you aren't acting like one. All this for what? Some prepaid wap? You didn't even apologize you said "I mEsSeD uP." Just another disappointing youtuber with the same excuses and "apologizes".
I cannot fathom the hypocrisy of this man. Advocate for covid-19 and covid-19 measures and he does this AS A DOCTOR!! Ridiculous and a lame apology.
The only thing that makes me so sad is the fact that I lost my trust in you. You used to be so honest and send messages about the pandemic. How will you expect us to take this? Sorry Mike. You lost quite a lot of people. That includes me.
Why did I learned about this apology vid from h3 podcast and not from your main channel which btw I'm subscribed to btw.
Why isn't this video on the main channel? So less people would know what happened perhaps? Disappointed 😔
Hes not gonna get the vaccine either so you guys can forgive him in advance for that too.  I think his next COVID series is gonna have a positive vibe. 99% survival rate, most cases are completely asymptomatic or mild, and in the most severe cases the individual has multiple comorbidities which he doesnt, so 🤷🏻‍♀️
He just got caught is all.
I'm sorry, but everything he says goes past my ears.... Just like what he said about literally everything on covid19 went past HIS ears apparently. I know people, who were close to me, that died because of this disease and I don't go around partying just cause I'm "mentally damaged due to isolation and loneliness". Just don't be a hypocrite, Mike.
lmao shut up
You're basically going against everything you've been trying to tell us lol. Also that you didn't even post it on your main channel. I'm disappointed
Imagine, your co-doctors fighting, preventing Covid and some doctors actually lost their lives  because of it while you are just partying with a bunch of people who are not even follows heath protocols.
Lmaoo water activities, while a girl pours alcohol in his mouth. Come on dude
apologised because he got caught. Imagine the many times he didn’t get caught.
Y’all are dumb, it doesn’t matter if he goes and does it. Worry about yourself. His YouTube channel is about what is healthy, not necessarily what he does. I agree that his apology seems like he is not sorry, he shouldn’t be. He owes you nothing.
This is sad to see, especially considering I couldn't even hug my mum or siblings at my father's funeral a few days ago. You should have thought about everyone you work with and your patient's, because this is not only a big risk for them but sends such a bad message.  This should also have been on your main channel Mike, take the hit there. Not on a second channel. Bad form all round man. :(
Dr Mike is not sorry he did it, His sorry he got caught, Let's be honest if he wasn't captured on video he wouldn't of said anything, And he would still sit their on his high horse telling poor people to stay at home, While he goes on boat party's and adventures with plastic hoes and bitches.
you’re a doctor. and you’ve done this, i’m so dissatisfied
He followed the guidelines. He followed the rules. And now he's getting in trouble for it? He was trying to get away and be happy for once in this miserable year and on his birthday no less. Don't act like y'all didn't see your family for Thanksgiving. Y'all see these "celebrities" having party's, no matter where it is, and automatically think they are in the wrong. Y'all just jealous that you ain't a "celebrity" and can't have fun yourself. 🖕
Y'all wanna know why this isn't on the main channel? Because most people don't even effing know it happened. Most of his viewers don't even know it happened. I am just learning about all this and it's an effing week later. 🙄 Stop with the cancel culture and realize that he isn't an allmighty God doctor who can make no mistakes. The second he makes one though, oh no that's the end. He doesn't need you, he doesn't need that emotional and mental attack. This is here because it's a private event and was something he did not want to brag about or shove in his viewers faces, but at least he apologized.
I was only allowed 1 parent for the end of year concert band concert, I had a solo. My friends weren't allowed to attend, my mum wasn't allowed to attend, my family wasn't allowed to attend. I was such a big supporter of you. You went on yachts and partied while we needed to reduce the size of our band. Covid has negatively impacted me, a private yacht looks like luxury.
There is no need to bully him. He admitted he was in the wrong, even though he wasn't wrong in the first place might I add, and now y'all need to accept the apology and move tf on. Honestly he's not a YouTuber, he's a doctor first. He is way more respectable than a YouTuber in general. The fact that he addressed it so quickly speaks volumes to who he is; a good guy. That also means he is HUMAN and MAKES MISTAKES! Everyone on this earth is! Eff off with this cancel culture. The platform is better off without you.
Y so much hate . . . over something so stupid .  It's not like u guys never make any mistakes don't try to be overly righteous when u are not .   It is his life atleast Respect his Privacy !! Geezzzz. . Righteous Citizens !!
Test are limited in California and you are over here having all those people tested just so you can go on a party boat ? The amount of privilege
Dr Mike you went on that boat because you know the survival rate for this infection is 99%+. Just tell your followers the truth,  you’ve been bullying them with propagandized fear.
99% of the people in this comment section don't wear masks when they hang out with friends... but Dr Mike got caught so they all gang up on the celebrity cuz its easy and, you know, projection
Disappointment *100* ;(
MORE DISLIKES THAN LIKES?!?!
Haha stfu.
Funny how he doesn't post this on his main channel.
It's almost as if he knows covid wont be fatal for him because hes not old/ have respiratory or immune problems... Does not have to be diagnosed immune problems just stress and not getting enough sleep can compromise your immune system.
Honestly I’m really upset and can’t believe that an educated “man”, if that’s even appropriate, would be so foolish. I could rip into him but here’s the bottom line. It’s messed up. Ya the CDC says you can have blank amount of people. But does that mean you should?? No you shouldn’t. The law says one can deny service to a gay couple. Does that mean you should. No it doesn’t. Omg....It’s so painful to even witness my mother coming home from her job at the hospital. Each day the bags under her eyes get darker. Each day her hair gets more gray. Each day I see her losing hope and giving up. Then to have a “doctor” go out and party like nothing is happening. Honestly I’d say take a long walk on a short short dock. My mom is living in a complete separate wing of our home. I have to call her on the phone to talk to her. But who am I to rain on his boat party.
broo everyone makes mistakes, and he did the same.... let's not break our trust in him. DONT FORGET HE DONATED 1 MILLION DOLLARS OF MASKS FOR HEALTH PEOPLE ON THE FRONTLINE, a hypocrite won't ever do it. Stop the hate !!
You’re a Doctor and went to a boat party in the middle of a pandemic. It sounds even more stupid when you say that out loud
So much deflecting of blame in this. Super insincere. We all make mistakes but you have to own them completely.
This is honestly disturbing and disgusting...
"I deserve negative comments" except you delete them on your main channel, smh
stop making excuses for your boat party. yeah, sure, the guidelines said this, but it doesn't change the fact that you probably shouldn't do it. do your really need to party right now? no, you don't. so why did you if you could have just walked away? also, why isn't this on your main channel, where more people will see your apology? unsubbing.
This should have been posted on your main channel. Just shows that you're trying to do damage control rather than actually apologize. A large portion of your audience will never see this.  Everyone wants to have fun. It's just not safe. You're an educated hypocrite. No excuses.
Seems like the type of doctor who doesn't go into the covid ward but will send the nurses into it.
You’re being “used” because of the bad choices you made. You, who flaunt your medical credentials, felt that turning 31 (what  big deal is turning 31?) merited a trip to Florida, which has a huge COVID problem. You thought flying on an airplane, to FLORIDA, was a good idea? Galavanting around on a boat with NO social distancing, and no masks is what got you in trouble. You, sir, are a hypocrite.
wtf is this not on your main channel? Hypocritical af thinking that posting it here will make it less harmful for your reputation cause the internet has a short memory
Still going to watch your content. You made a mistake and owned up to it. I could tell your apology was genuine. You were still cautious about the trip but didn’t stick to the covid advice you’ve given to your viewers. Yes it wasn’t fair to your viewers, especially frontline healthcare workers. But I’m sure you’ve learned from this and won’t make the mistake again. I forgive you and this will blow over quick
If you're genuinely interested in holding yourself accountable, you would put this on your main channel. You sound like just another shitty rich YouTuber that got caught and is scared of losing revenue.
I feel bad for you but I just gotta dislike
You know Mike! We all make mistakes because we are all human beings. You admit that you're wrong, it means that you're strong. Be positive everyone! Think positive!
Not defending him at all because he is hypocritical, but ya'll need to stop being scared of this virus and just live your life.
smh -_-
I almost believed his apology. Maybe he should have become an actor and not a doctor.
Biggest hypocrite like I really wanted to like him ... sigh
"The reason I'm saying this is because...."    You got caught that's why.
What a shame. I was going to subscribe too, but I guess there are better channels out there. To me, it sounds like you’re apologizing because you got caught and it’s affecting your credibility and career. There’s really no excuse, so I think it’s best to just simply apologize for a poorly made decision. Matter of fact, there wasn’t a need for a long, drawn out explanation. You are guilty as charged. A simple yet dignified apology with the action of reflection suffices. As a nurse who works with COVID patients, I get it. The pandemic sucks and the party was a stress reliever...but perhaps the party could’ve waited? This doesn’t make you a poor doctor per se, just a poor role model and a disappointment to those who’ve looked up to you. Time to pull your head outta that celebrity cloud you’ve created. The reality is, being a celebrity in the healthcare world doesn’t make you immune to errors, or exception to the rules. Erring is part of being human. It’s how we learn what is right and what is wrong. As long as you learn from this and understand why you were wrong, it will benefit you as a physician, influencer, and human being.   Also, I noticed you haven’t posted an apology on your main channel with 6m subscribers. Why? If you were truly apologetic and dignified, post this video on your main. Do not undermine your audiences’ intelligence. If you’re trying to bury this incident, it won’t work. The internet is forever, and people will see eventually learn about your wrongs when they type your name in the searches. Be up front.
Y'all rude, this year been hard for everyone. Some of y'all did not even know him before this and just came for the scandal. How about we just take his apology and move on?
Came to your channel specifically wondering why you haven't posted a Covid-19 Vaccine video... How sad.
Your vacation is planned right? You have so many hours to think what's right and wrong to do, you choose to had a party and you apologized when you get caught when few months ago you said that all of us even can't have a mini party, although your group is tested, there's still a posibility you could spread the virus, you're even the front line, jesus, how selfish
Do as I say not as I do...thank you for your "apology". I'm sorry but i am very annoyed. I work on the frontline...i am a  healthcare worker...I am your coworker. There were news articles about the rise in cases...going to visit your dad at his apartment is one thing...but a boat party???...anyhow. I dont know what else to say.  You need to post this apology to the main channel. I only found this out via a newsfeed article on you. AS i am a subscriber on your main channel not this channel. Everyone makes mistakes we are all human...but as your coworker who has seen so much death...i have no words im sorry for you and your team that you surround yourself with.
You are a joke!
His body language is off
This is what happened when you become a doctor for the Democratic Party LIES LIES LIES
It’s the way I was rooting for him. I turned to him for health advice, and his videos encouraged me to eat better and lose weight. This video should not be buried on a smaller channel. Post it on your main one and let it trend for everyone to see. Doesn’t matter you and your friends tested negative. And quit making it about you. Your “bubble” is bigger than you think. You should honestly have your medical license temporarily suspended. We are in a deadly PANDEMIC. You work with an at-risk population. Spare me this crappy apology. Never trusting you or taking you seriously ever again. I’d trust a horoscope over your medical advice.
My respect and credibility for this man went ↘️↘️📉📉
I hate that your "apology" is mostly justification, saying "Look, here's why it was okay for me to do this." It should have been posted to the MAIN channel and been more like "You're right. I did something reckless because I was excited in the moment. I and all of my friends who were there that day will now get COVID tests and self-quarantine to make sure that we don't inadvertently infect anyone, even though we (supposedly) took tests beforehand. I betrayed you guys' trust by going against my own advice, and I'm sorry. You trusted me as an example, and I failed you. It won't happen again."   Also,  “I live alone so I’m not putting anyone else at risk” ...ummm patients? I work in the medical field to, Mike... Those of us who do and most of us that don't work in the medical can see right through your ridiculousness. You should have apologized and just owned it. I think most of us could have easily understood where you were coming if you had just been honest about it instead of making excuses. Also, how about posting an apology on your main channel where the bulk of your fans will actually see it. A lot of people already think you're just a frat boy. Either be a frat boy or prove them wrong. But be honest in the future.
You are a human. I'm a huge fan. I'm a travel RN who's kept my kids home-schooling this whole year. The only way they could get sick, would be from me. But to be honest. We get burnt out. I don't take them out dining. But I'd eat outside with a friend when weather was nice. Don't be too hard on yourself. Even though we need to be cautious, we must also remember tomorrow, next hour, minute is not promised. Be present in each moment, yet safe. Be well Dr. Mike! You've not lost any respect at all from me and many. *Some* are obviously only attacking you to use your name for clout. Ignore the hate. You've contributed way more GOOD than this poor decision. None of these haters can say they are perfect.  ESPECIALLY colleagues in the field as I see sketchy shat daily. Love from Midwest
This just goes to show that you can’t trust anyone... but whatever
It wouldn’t have been nearly as bad for public health if he hadn’t got caught, I almost want to say I prefer him to not have gotten caught. But maybe it’s better that this happened now so he knows how to act in a more serious situation
I looked up to you bro. Not anymore.
This is full of BS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You said you checked the CDC guidelines before agreeing to go. The CDC guidelines state there should be less than 10 people at a gathering, yet in the photo there were about 15. You state the boat trip was a surprise, yet you had packed swim shorts with you for the trip. And most disappointingly, you act as if your actions and behaviour weren’t the issue, but instead, the reaction of everyone else due to your fame and influence is the problem, because they are using your actions to promote anti-mask propaganda. How can you tell every other young healthy person to stay safe at home, follow guidelines, wear a mask, that you can be non symptomatic and the risk of spreading COVID-19 isn’t worth it, yet make an exception for yourself because it’s your birthday? You are a doctor. You should have known better. This whole apology does not seem genuine at all, and why is it specific to the people who support you on this channel, and not your main channel? What do you expect, a gold star for following precautions the rest of the time like everyone else? This was a selfish, bad decision, but your defence of your actions due to “low risk” is disgusting.
This is so manipulative. No one is "attacking the science and using you to perpetuate conspiracies". The science and seriousness of covid has not changed, but the perspective of your character has. How hypocritical. Honestly just dissapointing to see.
Disappointed in you! Because even if you were following CDC guideline you know that there will still a risk. No test is a 100% accurate, I have an autoimmune disease and haven't been able to see family for almost a year and here you are partying, thinking its okay? Disappointed, you are just like any other influencer......
I’m just disappointed :c I used to admire him so much and his videos showed me the love that I have for medicine and were a really big influence on my decision to be a physician, I guess I’ll just watch mama doctor jones now
You are a DOCTOR. I’m so disappointed in you. I haven’t been to a party all year, I have cancelled plans all for my MOTHERS patients. You should have done the same, I’m so disappointed in you.
If you’re really sorry post this on your account with more subs and hold yourself accountable
the whole message has been to think about how your actions affect OTHERS. why are you bringing up personal risk? very disappointed
He’s going to be the reason why so many anti-maskers are going to keep having their beliefs validated. I’ve already heard so many “Well if a doctor partied without a mask, I don’t have to socially distance!” excuses online and in person. I’m extremely disappointed.
“Attack me, don’t attack the science” - deletes comments criticising and attacking him on his main channel
Whatever mikey...I dont trust people like u anymore...ughhhh the disappointment!!
Everyone is disappointed in you Dr  Mike! You not only failed us, but you also disgrace the medical field.
HYPOCRITE!!!
I looked up upon you. I learnt from you. And now you’re the one causing more COVID!? I can’t judge anything anymore.
What about all the people on the boat? You apologize to them? Like this is completely reckless. Smh
I believe this video should've been posted on your main channel. It's strange for an avid fan to have to hear about this news through different youtube channels then going to your main page and seeing no mention of it, not even as a community post.
Have Doctors and nurses had it objectively harder than other professional? Sure. Do you deserve a breather and credit for being on the front lines? Obviously. But this is just so upsetting and contrary to the model you set on your main channel. This video is on the wrong channel if you’re really trying to reach everyone with the apology.  3/4 of the world have had a pandemic birthday by now. The struggle isn’t just yours, but your actions are so callous.
I lost my respect for this guy. His so called apology doesn't sound sincere since 0:01. Dude I'm already halfway through the video and I still haven't heard a single apology.
People have to think that other non-celebrity doctors are doing the same thing but everyone is fussing over this because he is in the spotlight. Doctors are humans too. Even though they understand how bad it is they still make mistakes. They make mistakes when giving regular care. I’ve personally been prescribed too high a dose of medication that almost caused serious harm to me. Was I upset? No. Doctors aren’t perfect. He stated that he followed all guidelines when returning to NYC. If he quarantined like their guidelines say, no patients were at risk. No ones perfect. Unless everyone in the comment section stays home and only goes out for essential needs (visiting friends and family is not one of those) and wears a mask, follows every CDC guideline, and social distances EVERY single time they go out, then it’s not your right to criticize him.
And wtf do you mean talking bout well I don’t have anyone living with me I’m young I’m healthy okay but you deal with patience everyday and can be someone who shows no symptoms and carries it your putting so many people at risk cause your selfish
He should apologize for that douchey shirt without a tee.
Alright well if you was sorry you wouldn’t have started off by justifying it you would have started with your sorry you made a CALCULATED mistake and it was wrong and you won’t make it again or something of that sort but instead you are simply justifying it to a point where what you did doesn’t matter when that’s wrong also I highly doubt you did research that a nice addition to the hypocrisy and the web of lies and ext to meat your means and your so rehearsed it’s not even funny I don’t think you should be shoved but I think you should have some back lash also there was more then eight people on that boat of yours but you was sure not include those pictures huh
Sad people you work with are dying and getting sick to help others and your partying on a yacht for your 31st birthday 🥳
I feel bad for your patients! 🥺 Do you tell them not to hang with any large groups of people under any circumstances as well?
Why are you justifying it if your wrong?
What happened to not hanging with large groups of people under any circumstance or protocol?
Your not “admitting when your wrong” your admitting you did nothing wrong and your sorry people disagree and are upset!
I don’t get it. I’m guessing you have a team you work with to produce content and this is the best apology video you guys make? It comes across extremely disingenuous. I, personally, would upload it to the first channel and cut out the excuses. It’s worked for you with your smaller controversies. (I know this isn’t the point, and I’m definitely pissed with you about the Florida thing, but it amazes me people make this bad and out-of-touch public apologies in 2020).
The fact the the people on the boat were mostly hot young women? Hmm??? Seems a little weird. Hard to trust someone who exclusively hangs out with attractive people.
This should belong on your main channel, not your side.
I'm just sad. I thought I could trust you and your judgement. I don't have the luxury of having positive role models in my life so I took you on as one of them. Now I see I made a mistake. I still believe you are a good person who has done amazing things for this world, but the one thing I'll never look up to is a hypocrite.
Honestly, I'm just done. It seems like no one has a clear answer. Not you. Not Fauci. If I catch it, I'll catch it. Those "essential" workers can go back to making cringy TikTok vids while the hospitals look like a "war zone."
😐
You just got caught
Fake doctor
You're a hypocrite. A jock doctor,  you need better friends sude
I think the backlash that you’re receiving is because people have been so isolated and your apology seems so hollow.  Your body language your micro expressions give that away you may be sincere and some what you say.  But why would you put your apology on your secondary channel which only has 57,000 viewers or subscribers you have millions on your main channel so that’s where you should’ve made your apology video..  Obviously it looks it appears that some of what you say is rehearsed and that’s why people are not excepting it because they can see through your apology. Not only you were affected by doing this you could be a carrier for this disease and then your friends could’ve been the same and you could be spreading it to every person you came in contact with it.  As a doctor you know better you know it was a bad decision and you did it anyway.  You May have not known about the boat party but as soon as you did you should’ve said no.  I think your friends would have understood because of the pandemic we are in.
Rules for thee, not for me. Right, Mike???
Idk what to say when doctors out there aren’t getting to leave hospital wards, getting ptsd, and dying from covid. As a non-medical professional I understand wanting and needing just one day to breathe and be normal. But imagine how it must look to those colleagues suffering at the hands of this pandemic right now? It’d be like rubbing it in their faces that his job as a doctor is more “glamorous” and recognised. It just looks thankless and inconsiderate of the very people in your own field, Dr. Mike. Maybe don’t be as self-centred next time, we expected it from the kardashians, not you.
I'm glad I never sub to you because I had an inkling you can't be trusted
Doctor Mike, why didn't you publish this on your main channel? This channel has 70,000 subs. Your main channel has +6 million and yet nothing was mentioned over there. You just keep posting as if nothing happened.  Also adding a "But" negates everything you said before that "But". This video shouldn't be about what others are doing wrong. It should've only addressed what YOU did wrong.  I'm not sure what I'm going to do yet. I'm not one to just cancel someone because they did something they shouldn't have done...but I am thinking of unsubscribing because of how you are addressing this or I should say how you're not addressing it. You should post any apology on your main channel. And leave all the other stuff in this video out.
I can't believe there's actually people defending him.
The people in the comment section are pathetic and fake mad. I’d admit I was disappointed in what you did, but you take accountability for your actions. You give the “followers” a public display of accountability and they will always want and demand more. These folks are too high up on their horses to give you, a doctor or literally save lives, an ounce of respect and acceptance of an apology? Yeah you f*cked up man, perhaps put people at risk as well as seemed hypocritical. But one thing you’d never please is the YouTube comment section. I accept your apology.
Yikes fam. Let’s be real though, people don’t watch you for healthcare advice as much as they watch you for your looks, and this is a gleaming example of why.
Same people judging him is the same people that still go to parties and go traveling every other weekend.... The hypocrisy and cancel culture at its finest......   If you put yourself in his situation, would you say "no" to your friends if they made a surprise party and spend lots of money and time on it for you?.... He was wrong to travel? yes, of course... but it was his birthday and he wanted to be with his family.... I think we shouldn't judge people so hard, 2020 it's already a very rough year for everyone
I don’t get why you guys are hating,like just he looked it up he was prepared he apologized for what he did and you guys can’t forgive him people make mistakes we aren’t perfect we make mistakes he made one but forgive the man he knew what he did and took responsibility
Remember when Covid was serious when it never was. By the way, mask do not work. 260,000 have not died from Covid, so do don’t feed me that BS, “Doc.” Also, lockdowns don’t work.
Hey I have some advice.   Listen to your own flipping advice you hypocrite.
Why not post the apology on your main channel that has millions of subs?
doctors are people, and people make mistakes, he was in the wrong but he recognizes that and he’s being canceled for it, how are we supposed to learn and grow if we can’t make mistakes it’s easy for you to scrutinize someone’s every action from behind a screen
People forget Mike is a person just like us. If we are being honest with ourselves we have all attended a get-together during this pandemic. This is a serious issue, but we can't live in fear.
Lol this apology is a joke, He only posted this on his second channel because he doesn't want so much people to know he messed up
Put this on your main channel
Post this on your main channel coward.
The only thing I've heard was blah blah blah rules don't apply to me blah blah blah.
So proud of you.  This is a lovely apology, and I can sense your heart in this.. this little blip doesn't change in any way the way I see you with admiration and respect:) peace
I WAS ROOTING FOR YOU, WE WERE ALL ROOTING FOR YOU
Scorpio 😒
Humans make mistakes. I'm sorry that so many people are getting off trashing you because of this.
0:37... let's stop it there... "when you went down to Miami", you shouldn't have... millions of people missed their birthday this year.. was it too hard to miss yours too and practice what you preach?  Politicians and celebrities are letting everyone down...showing everyone they are above the rules (let's not even talk about youtubers and tik-tokers)... not people like you too 😔 never thought you would be in the same bag with the other problematic youtubers
Bruh. He can NEVER make another Coronavirus video again.😅😬
I feel like Dr. Mike was irresponsible but being mad at him wont do anything about it.  i feel like we are all dissapointed but in the bright side all of his subs now know that it doesnt matter if you are a profesional or not you cant just party.  just remember that attacking him is good because it not only teaches him about his actions, but his subs right now.  Dont go out and wear a mask and remember that covid isnt racist, ableist, homophobic- etc. it attacks everyone and we cant go out in a boat like that to have fun right now.
This is disappointing to say the least. As a fellow healthcare worker it absolutely infuriates me to see him profiting from COVID-19 by posting monetized content related to COVID-19, and not following social distancing himself. Additionally as a doctor to even be involved in such a scandalous photo is just disgusting.
Mike why your a doctor we can’t respect you after this
No worries, you aren't infallible, your experience and knowledge is not bull and void because of one mistake made with the safest thoughts in mind, u don't need to apologies, you have saved hundreds if not thousands with just you job, with you videos maybe millions could have died without your knowledge, you are a role model, u are a helpful and amazing person, I hope u continue to do good,
IM SO DISAPPOINTED
Post this on your main page. Coward.
Disappointing
post this on your main dude
I thought you're better than this
Seeing from the videos you’re not as professional as I thought. I lost the respect for you lol I’m also a HCP during the pandemic. Having a boat party with 14 guests is just inconsiderate, especially those who have lost their lives or have been missing out on birthdays. I didn’t do anything for my 24th Birthday and I am not upset about it because I know I work in a major big hospital with vulnerable patients. Even getting tested then was extremely difficult to get. You’re a young doctor and deserve to have fun but now it isn’t the time.
You are capable of WAY more intellectual honesty than this and I think you could have been WAY smarter about communicating what went wrong and the level of mistake that this was. I hope you think critically about your mistake and your admittedly poor apology.
Dr. Mike, I don't normally chime in on these sorts of things, but as a subscriber to (only) your main channel, I didn't hear about this scandal until now (a week later). I know you probably wanted to put something out there as fast as possible, and as subtle as possible, but I really do hope that you will do a "self-reflection" update apology on your main channel.  I know that humans are flawed and we're all suffering from isolation, but I felt like this video made too many excuses and wasn't really sincere. I'm also concerned that it's not sincere because it took me so long to see it. It seems like a lot of people feel similarly.  I feel like we would all learn a lot more in general from this experience if it was just a video about responsibility, and owning up to you making a mistake. You are just one man, but you have been a major voice of COVID responsibility. People listen to you.  I think a lot of us feel betrayed, and restoring that trust starts with sincerity, instead of trying to save face. I'm honestly not sure if I can feel the same way about you after this, and this type of apology video. But I would have with a more sincere and truly visible and transparent one.  You have been the voice of reason for so long. You didn't fail there, but you did fail here. And how you respond to this with your viewers shapes a lot about this voice going forward.  Read the comments, and read your subreddit etc while you reflect. Be kind and compassionate to yourself as you do this (you are a human--and it's super hard not to get defensive after you mostly did SO WELL for so long--I know), but please do reconsider making a statement on this again. It will NOT result in more people like hoaxers using you for "nefarious purposes". In fact, keeping it too close to the chest and under wraps is what draws in that crowd--not transparency. If you keep it too close to your chest THAT'S when they will think that you don't actually believe in your own message.  Take a breather for however long you need. But please come back to this. If you just move on with only this, it really feels like you don't care about us or your message.
ALVON SMITH GAMING does not approve. :(
Politician move whole lot of talking but not actually saying anything. Excuses excuses excuses...keep making money off of COVID on your main channel but it’s do wtf you want
Totally looked up to this guy and thought he was just awesome.........now I've lost a lot of respect, unfortunately. Just another person with a voice of power saying one thing and doing different
Wow that’s ridiculous Dr Mike you need to do better!
You are human. We all have control of our own actions and just because you are well-known and other doctors might not be doesn't mean they arent doing the same. I find what you did fine and the apology is needed for your following and for the message but you did nothing wrong here. We all have to live our lives.
But people can have some fun in a while...
Hypocrite lol.
Terribly apology... I hope this is the beginning of your downfall, you hypocrite.
Doc, you were meant to take the *HIPPOCRATIC Oath,* not the *Hypocritical* one.
Nice deflection.
Dr. Mike has a large platform and this is so disappointing. This should be on your main channel. Unsubscribing
Dr. Mike, I think that instead of justifying your choice to go through with this, I suggest having a psychologist on your channel to discuss Pandemic Fatigue and things that people can do to help their mental health during this time. The pandemic is serious, what you’ve told your viewers has been good and well intentioned, but also, unrealistic. Just like you, people have been sad and scared. They too try to decide daily what risks are worth it or not. For you, it was this party, maybe an opportunity you couldn’t pass on, and you needed it. You’re not God. So I don’t expect that level of perfection from you. I still respect you and what you do. This would be a good opportunity to talk about mental health and the reality of the Pandemic and how to balance mitigating exposure spread and staying sane. I find this just as valuable and important as physical health.
Why is this not in his main channel? 🙄 Hypocrisy 💯 you should have told the truth from the beginning !! You are sorry cause you got caught 🙄
1.28 million views on your little channel with 70.3K subscribers? Thank you, Streisand Effect.
If you see this I still support you 1000000000%
Ok I know I’m going to get hate on this but he is a human, he can’t be perfect.
Am I disappointed yes. Do I think you should be insulted no. You are admitting a major mistake and your aren’t being like “ but I was safe I am aloud to I am American “ the first step to being the best is admitting your were let’s all say it “super duper wrong”
When you come with all these facts about what precautions you took it waters down the “apology” this isn’t an apology this is I got caught and I want to make an excuse. You work with patients and yet you were somewhere around a lot of people without a mask. You affected other lives. We’re all bored we miss our friends and family but if we all double down we can get through this faster. Y’all messing it up for folks like me who misses their friends and family. I wish my mom could see her grandkids in person and not through a screen or window . My mom is 70 years old I miss her hugs I miss our lunch outtings and our shopping trips. I miss sitting in the house with her talking. But I have to protect her and my inner household. I don’t want harm to them or me. So let’s get it together so we can get back some type of new normal PLEASE. I’d hate for anything to happen to my mom and I hadn’t been able to embarks even her in almost a year ! I’m pissed off !
43K likes, 43K dislikes o.O
Why don't you put this on your Z MAIN channel so more  ppl see it
Whoever your manager/publicist is, fire them. This video should be on your main channel, where you have the most viewers and subscribers. Also, this shouldn't be a rehearsed and written scripted apology. I understand that you need to know what to say beforehand, but, your audience needs you to be sincere- you weren't. If you would've posted this video on your main channel, yes you would've still recieved backlash but not as much as you're getting right now. Either way, stay safe.
You need to post this on your main channel. This is deceptive and insincere. I haven’t seen my parents in over a year. I am young, I am healthy and I have the means to travel yet I am staying put. I haven’t left my house for anything other than necessities. You were irresponsible, inconsiderate and hypocritical. You were selfish in your thought process and basically told your followers, “Do as I say and ignore what I do.” Shame on you Dr. Mike. You have disgraced the medical and public health communities that are fighting every day to save people while you go party.
I like how everyone is shitting on dr. Mike when there are literally thousands of Americans here in the US who are living their lives like there isn’t a pandemic and still going out, having fun, going to theme parks like Disney, bars, etc. but when it’s a celebrity, everybody immediately calls them out. I don’t see anyone bitching at ppl who are still hanging out at the mall, going to bars, and acting like everything is normal. Yeah he messed up and I’m sick of this staying at home bullshit too, but all I’m saying is he’s not the only person who’s just going out casually acting like there isn’t a pandemic. It’s a waste of energy making this a big deal just because he’s a cElEbRiTy.
Oof he basically said: Heyy, sooo I kinda went to Miami, and went on a private boat. So sorry 🤪
Dr. Mike I used to be a great fan! You disappointed me so so much, doesn’t matter if you and your rich friend tested themselves the day before or just before You got to the party, you as a doctor well know that the test can came negative if the virus is not yet sufficient in the body. 2. You are a doctor you should lead by example.  I appreciate your apologies but you lose all credibility for me. And I was a fan from other part of the world, because you looked so real, always asking and saying that the best way to protect ourselves which is true, it is by stay home and only go out for basic needs, like work because we need to sustain our families, I am a housewife and no title at all and I know that is the best way, and seeing you partying so irresponsible with friend! Just because you have money made this fans of yours from Central America so so sad! Because you were one of the few saying the true out there, but you need to practice what you preach, it is not only to receive money from YouTube, there were people that look up to you, just like me, whatever you can say about cds guidelines , you as a doctor knows  that you did wrong, all those people partying with you just because you were stress? and has the money to  pay for testing and you well know that those antigen test can came negative if you are not with sufficient virus, or maybe because you  are rich you did the TCR test , but better would have been to stay home like you make money saying on YouTube and it is what you preach and  truly it is the best way to not bring the virus to your household or get contegious yourself and passes it to others.  you as a doctor knows that you can test today and go out the minute before and be in contact with the virus and you will come negative yesterday but positive in the couples of days sorry but your apologizes are not enough, because there is many people not only in USA but in Latinoamérica dying because they can get acceso to testing or when they do have the test done to them, they have to wait for the result like a week, not like you and your friends that has the result almost right away,  beside you bluffing your rich live right in front of them testing all that people just for a yacht party come on!!! it is too much, just like Kim Kardashian , cardi b , Kendall etc .....you to me are just like them now , wasting money on unnecessary testing , that other people needed desperately to live not to partying.  Just because they are poor and do not have the money or even the access because there is not so many public free testing available, you and your friends got tested for a silly party.  I will go ahead and unsubscribed from your channel , which I used to love so much i don’t trust you anymore.  P.S if you truly are repented, why don’t you upload the video of apology to this your main channel
Boys and girls unsubscribe, he doesn’t deserve us
man this is just disappointing :// the fact that you even posted this on your second, less known channel is also very disappointing too,,, looks like you only apologized cause you got caught :/
You’re canceled!!!!!!
I honestly just hear excuses, excuses, excuses. The fact you posted a video like this on your second channel shows you don’t care.
Guess I have another reason not to trust doctors anymore. Seriously though, I’m just disappointed more than mad.
He followed CDC guidelines. People are just looking for reasons to be upset at this point.
Let this guy live his life, good lord.  You’re allowed to go on a boat and have fun. Geez people.
Unsubbed on all platforms. So dissapointing.
Your so disrespectful and god good how selfish can you be. Such a hypocrite. How could you do this? You literally see how busy and wild hospitals are. Miami is wild and dont care about this pandemic. Dont ever lecture us when you went on this trip
Apology could have been better and more sincere however taken as a whole at least he made the attempt and has done a lot of good overall so giving him a pass on this screw up seems  the most compassionate  way to view this guy. Don't throw be baby out with the water. hope he can recover and continue on chastened by the experience going forward!
BYEEEEE
He human like the rest of us and before you start pointing finger lets remember none of us have gotten any of this perfect.
There a lot of negative comments. Doctor Mike i still like you, i like your content. And i didnt watch the covid vids, cause ive heard enough about it. I get that you had to apologize. And people might think that it is not sincere. I still think youre an amazing person. And that you do well with medical informatoin. And im sure there are more people that like your videos regards of this. I get the frustration from the people commenting on this vid. But that doesnt mean that Doctor Mike isnt a good person. I like your content and i will be continueing to like it. I hope you feel a little better. And have a nice day ❤
I feel like he is really sorry
It‘s so brave doing a video on this
You should have said no it was a bad idea
Pretty bad when you have as many dislikes as likes....
First, you make an apology on your least seen channel to attempt to get away with an apology but without the majority of your fan base knowing. Then, you try to defend this ignorance? Yes, ignorance, not a mistake. Not to mention the fact that a lot of your "advice" is very misinformed and only done to get views. Very pathetic.
Also Why did you post this on your spare channel? 70k vs 6+ million subs.... slippery fucking snake 🐍
What a goof. Typical bullshit rich preaching to everyone to wear a mask meanwhile out partying in large groups. Not just a family dinner or few friends, literally a fucking masher of a party
You are such a hypocrite.  Should have practiced what you preached. You can’t manipulate your way through this. Your career as a trustworthy YouTube doctor is officially over.
Can’t believe this. People are DYING because of this pandemic and yet you think it was okay for you to go out and party? I’m young and have no pre-existing health conditions but does that mean I should go out and party? The would be so disrespectful to the people that are isolating themselves from friends and family and the healthcare workers that are risking their lives every time they go to work. I’m isolating myself to protect the vulnerable and to do my part in stopping this pandemic and it’s so frustrating to see hypocrites like you who tell everyone to stay home and don’t even follow their own advice. Disappointing.
Im deeply disappointed :/ I used to look up to him.  Also why isn't this on the more prominent and popular channel instead? Half of the people will miss out on this apology.....
He is human... your telling me you haven't done something silly? just happens that Doctor Mike is in the spot light.... yes to tell us to stay home than go and this is bone headed... HOWEVER, he is human no reason to hang the poor guy for it. Just because he's a doctor and has so many millions of viewers doesn't make himself any less human. and SHAME on all of you. I'm sure if we pop over on to your Facebook page most of you have shared "Just be kind" Meme's but over here on Youtube where people don't know you and you act like this. Don't worry I don't know any of you but I see you keyboard warriors.... do yourself a favor step away from the keyboard, calm down, go for a walk.... If you don't want to hear "people in power" telling you what to do than you should 100% stay off Youtube. SMH...
Man, i'm glad he's not my doctor
it’s honestly so sad, doctor mike has been such a inspiration to me for a long time, this is just heartbreaking to see. goes to show you can’t believe and trust everyone you see on the internet.
So many people have died due to people like you. Living through ignorance. A degree does not make you immune.
You didn’t mess up, you got caught!
Uhmm, Sir? You of all people should know what to do and what not. If you are truly sorry for what you did, just apologize and do not give any further excuses because THAT WILL NOT JUSTIFY what you did. pity, we're all rooting for you. Turns out you're a hypocrite, yourself 🤪.
He didn't test positive for COVID-19, he tested positive for hypocrisy
Stay outta Miami
Not on your main channel- and not Even worth the watch
I like how the likes and dislikes are balanced, y'all this is hypocrisy why are you accepting this 😂
it wasn't a mistake it was a fully conscious choice lmao
This is even worse than the “apology” video Laura Lee did on her channel it’s not even 5 mins.
You have got to be f’ing kidding me. I am going to say this is completely insincere all you did was defend yourself. You are a doctor who has done nothing but provide ammo for the people who don’t take this virus seriously. You have lost my trust. You are a hypocrite. I know something was off when I watched your Defranco  interview. Your attitude rubbed me the wrong way.
You’re saying you deserve the backlash and comments and you’re gonna be accountable but you’re deleting comments in your channels???
😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷Do not forget, please! 🙂
Good job admitting when you screwed up. Im glad you addressed everything
Humans make mistakes (even when we know better). Just don't make it again.
Omg, people are seriously vultures...he was outside, people were tested. I don't understand the notion of idolizing someone to such a degree that they do one thing yall don't agree with, & you go crazy. But I guess why thats why the world is full of mice like followers and so few leaders. His day to day risk working in a hospital is more that most of us have seen (risk wise) though the entire pandemic. He was outside! Where the risk is lower.  And the people were tested. I get that everyone is angry and tense and wants someone to blame,  but let's get off this bandwagon b/s. He celebrated his birthday as responsibly as he could considering the circumstances outside in quite literally the most open air environment possible(the ocean!). Life doesn't stop because of a pandemic. Neither does being human. And as such we are not built for isolation. Be responsible. Wear a mask when inside. But for fu*ks sake leave other people alone who don't adhear to your idea of pandemic behavioral perfection.🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤐🤐
Mike, I’m really, really disappointed in you. And you didn’t even upload this to your main channel? Not cool man. You just classified your self belonging to the same category as Tana Mongeau and Jake Paul.
You know, for someone who didn't initially know what was going on and just happens to stumble upon this apology while searching for your recent uploads, I have no idea what you're going on about until I have to Google it myself.   If you're going to make an apology, list out exactly what you did wrong and what triggered people to be upset with you.Tbh, seeing photos and videos of that party.. Its mind numbing. Every video you made on Covid-19 suddenly no longer feels relevant, especially coming from you. You and those politicians PREACH on being cautious but end up going to salons, dinner party.. And yacht party.   Doctor, wearing your mask is nothing if everyone around you there don't even care about putting it on, and you're possibly in the water or near the water with them sharing spit and all. My goodness, post this on your main channel. I'm guessing this is your PR's suggestion for damage control.   Man, unlike those celebs.. You are a PHYSICIAN who gets first hand experience with virus infected patients, you know the severity of it more than us audience.. I'm at a point where I think you don't even believe what you're advising the general public in terms of this virus.  Disappointing. "Being human"  excuse here that your fans keep using doesn't make sense when you spend a lot of your videos advising us on what to do and what not.
I get that people are upset and I understand that he made a mistake. but i don't think cancel culture is the solution. give him a chance to learn, apologize, not repeat his mistake, and move on.
No❤️ I’m sick of people saying stay at home but not staying home themselves. This is bullshit. You lost credibility. Bye 👋
Ok hypocrite!
Dr. Mike, I’ve never commented on one your videos before, but I felt the need to say something. Your videos have helped me in many ways, and I appreciate your work to spread information about our health and well-being. With that being said, I must admit I was really disappointed to hear about this trip and your actions. I think making this video was a step in the right direction, but I hope you’ll decide to address this on your main channel. I know that being vulnerable and admitting we were wrong can be really challenging. However, I think it will help you continue to grow. You helping yourself, will also help the world. Wishing you health during this time. 🙏🏼
My boyfriend had to miss his Uncle's funeral.... but you're on a boat partying? And then for you to somewhat defend it in a half hearted apology video.....Shame on you. I have always previously enjoyed your content but this is inexcusable--especially for a medical professional.
You aren't truly sorry. If you REALLY cared about this pandemic, you wouldn't have even THOUGHT about having a party or "researched what's safe." Not to mention the fact that you're a doctor and should seriously know better. All of your credibility has flown out the window; though I always got a feeling you were more of a celebrity than a doctor anyways.  This year has been AWFUL for my family. We're among those who really have concerns over getting COVID-19 because I have many underlying (genetic) health issues and don't know how I'd be affected if I contract it. We take every precaution possible including wearing masks, sanitizing groceries, and isolating ourselves since at least March. The only one in our family who leaves the house regularly is my dad, who's considered an "essential worker" and travels around the East coast for his job every week (already putting us at greater risk). My brother (10th grade) has done mostly online schoolwork since September (now fully online due to how bad things are now), and has not been able to be with his friends at all. This year has been hard for him. My mom has only left the house for shopping and for a month and a half long family emergency where she had to almost single-handedly take care of her father (who had a heart attack) and his wife (who has severe dementia and was on a ventilator). This family emergency was very much complicated by coronavirus (won't get into it though). During that time, this left me at home with just my brother, taking care of everything mostly by myself. Thankfully my mom's back now. I, myself have been out of my own house at the MOST 10 times just for shopping. The ONLY thing my family has done for "fun" in literally a year is go to Gettysburg (it's close by) for a couple of hours on Halloween, in which we only did things outside AND wore masks.   This year has caused my family relationships to suffer. It's caused a tighter financial strain of us. It's made it to where it's harder to see doctors to get help for my disabilities. We know someone who died to COVID-19. It's just made us tired and exhausted from this whole situation. Then we see people like you, who think that just because YOU'RE healthy, you get to do whatever you want because "life's stressful." My family has been through hell this year and I'm sure there are many others worse off than us. We deserve a break, we deserve a vacation, but we actually care about both our health and the health of others. Apparently it's too much to ask others (including you) to return the favor.
I'm not mad. I get it, we've all been cooped up. I'm just super disappointed in you Mike.
don’t be shy put this on ur main channel
bruh why would he apologise the man took the necessary precautions how is he supposed to endanger people if none of them had corona in the first place? the party was completely legal and allowed and idek why im defending him since im not a fan but i just find y'all unreasonable and overproblematic?? hes a fucking doctor, he has some sense in him and how are you supposed to wear a mask in water ? they might've worn masks on the boat you never know, because you guys saw 5 SECOND CLIPS of him on a surfboard. like how can you assume so much from short videos??
👎 ⛔  canceled
Cmon dr mike not you too 😞
This needs to be on your main channel with 6+ million members, not a 70k second channel.
You have more then ten people post this on your main channel
The fact that he traveled to the party means this was a choice, not a mistake or slip up.   If Dr. Mike truly thought this was okay he could have been straight up with his audience before he left for his trip. He could have told his audience "this is what I'm doing, this is how we're being safe, this is how you can be safe at gatherings TOO"  Instead he's now backpedaling because photos of this party leaked.  I used to have a lot of respect for Dr. Mike but now I see him to just be another hypocritical large YouTuber who thinks they're above the rest of us and won't follow guidelines. Such a shame.
‘I wasn’t worried about catching it so I did whatever I like’ is the problem! no solidarity with those shielding or on the front lines. Pathetic
You guys need to stop hating on him so freaking much. He is human, and ok humans make mistakes. He took all precautions to make sure he wasn't harming anyone. You guys really are just looking for something wrong to find in him. Just stop, he knows what he did and you're hurtful comments aren't helping, they are HURTING. If people really want to help send comments that encourage change, hate isn't going to change anything. It just makes situations worse.
I’m not about to explain all the things wrong with this video to a ‘doctor’ but how embarrassing
i wish i could dislike this more than once
This should be on your main channel. Disappointing. And you could have easily come in contact (OR anyone in your large party) with people who were infected and not tested during the time you went to and from the party.
this should be on your main luv
That's disappointing
Your apology is worse than Tati wrestbook's .
Honestly I'm unfollowing your main channel! You're giving yourself more excuse to party :) and posting the apology not even in your official channel. Disappointed another hypocritical youtuber.
His personality is annoying and fake af
I am a healthcare worker at a hospital, not far from where you work actually, and this is extremely disheartening.  I would love to have fun and see friends and party, especially with how much covid has impacted my mental health, I could use it...but I won’t because I don’t want to risk it, there’s too much on the line. You know better, and if not then your lack of insight is sad. I used to admire you, but now I’m just disappointed... Unsubbed
I'm sorry but this is just so disappointing and sad to see. I have to miss out on school and the most important year in my academic life and to see you, a doctor, who not only took an oath but also has been making all these coronavirus videos and your colleagues or on the forefront dying is so sad and disappointing to watch.
This "I'm young and healthy" excuse is why 25 veterans are dead in my home town and the rest are sick. All because a young healthy nurse decided the rules didn't apply to her
Ok I can't watch this full video, I get itches
bye
yeah this is great but you still need to explain yourself and not just post it on your second account. what you did wasn't ok and you shouldn't have partied without a mask, social distancing and overall shouldn't have partied DURING A PANDEMIC.
Just, B R U H.
At least he’s not sitting in a couch that’s made out of hold.
you’re a big disappointment
I'm sorry is fair. Do better. But I'm out. Unsubscribed
I hate how these people are so pressed about the controversy. He admitted he was wrong, which he is and that’s that. When you think about it, it was safer than when people go to the grocery store, or a restaurant or something (which lots of people do) because he most likely knew every there and the boat was new so it was sterile (unlike the grocery store). Stop with the cancel culture, I’ve seen murders treated better. Anyone who watched this man knows he is caring and smart and would not purposely put anyone at risk.
i don't see anything wrong with this apology, why are you guys so mad? he admitted what he did was wrong while at the same time cautioning us to see the bigger picture here.
I just found out why everybody is mad at you. I had no idea what even happened. I understand everyone’s concern but at the same time I don’t think I’m going to hang you on the cross. I really hope you make it through all of the stress that is being handed to you and that it doesn’t affect your ability to do your job.
Completely ruined my trust in this guy. He seemed genuine but now I can't believe the "Dr. Mike" I thought I knew was ever real after this hypocrisy. Apology even seems arrogant instead of humble and regretful........ :( not cutting it for me. Like other people have been saying: I'm not mad, just disappointed. I guess Dr. Mike was too good to be true.
Ur literally a doctor that was telling everyone that they shouldn't go out and have parties. U should know better 🤡
Boring. Your apology is abysmal. Next time, do not preach. Maybe when you stop throwing stones from a glass house, people will forgive you easily. But since you were the prick who preached..you are gonna have to live with this hate
I had my bd too but alone.I am a nurse...I am disappointed....
So you going to put this on your main channel or what ? Because putting it here makes you look like your trying to hide it I  will say hey better then most youtube apology videos 8/10 no crying or excuses
Of course Doctor Mike gathers in crowds in tight spaces because he knows everything about the virus is a lie and he has proved it by his actions. If he believed any of the lies and propaganda about the virus he has spread for the CCP, he would have never joined the group of friends and get caught for his hypocrisy and lies. LOL
that bruh moment when even a doctor can excuse a party for himself in a pandemic hotbed 🗿
bruh-
No, I can't accept an apology about this from a fucking doctor. You knew how difficult and dangerous the situation was and still is and you choose to ignore it. Your actions cannot be excused because they are the outcome of pure carelessness and selfishness not  lack of knowledge. You have seen what the virus has done to thousands of people and yet that left you untouched. A nurse died today in the hospital I work and I couldn't be more frustrated, we are supposed to help the world get over this not make the situation even worse. I used to enjoy you content but you have disappointed me utterly. ( Her name was Maria she was 37 years old and had two beautiful children and a really supportive and loving husband. She died while caring for a 63 year old patient with covid. I will always be grateful for her and everything she taught me while I was an intern.)
I missed what could be the last Thanksgiving dinner I would ever had with my grandma because I knew there was a good chance I could spread covid to her. People like you are the reason why so many people aren't taking this seriously. I will never watch another video from you. You should just delete your accounts and not be a public figure if you can't handle the responsibilities that come with it.
nice he's been saying from the start of the pandemic   oh wait he said there are more diseases that kill MORE than covid thats what i remembered he said he even repeated that on mike x defranco collab  then he switched to the  other side when people are dying left and right nice 1
Doctor Mike did nothing wrong. He dosent have to apology
Sorry but you lost my respect!
A) Why isn't this on your main channel? B) This is still BS. I have missed birthdays and funerals because the lives around me are more important. You really ruined your message to the greater good. I can no longer support your channel.
“Admitting when I’m caught” 🤡🤡
men i'm with you have fun life is short do whatever the f you want love. 💓
Your DECISION (not "mistake") could cost dozens of people their lives as people will use this as an excuse to be irresponsible. You deliberately, intentionally, and consciously went against the Hippocratic oath.
Disappointed 😞
Its the gaslighting for me
Dislike and likes balanced....  As all things should be
Sigh. It’s always the ones you never expect.
No one: The like section: 43k 👍 43k 👎  Thanos: Perfectly balanced as all things should be.
Post it on your main channel, you won’t lmao
Mike I'm just gonna come out and say it, you need better friends that respect you and your profession. Surprising you with a yacht may have been nice during non-Covid times but it should have been totally unacceptable during these times. Moreover sharing such content to tarnish your reputation is a low blow. They aren't real friends but simply there for the clicks and likes.
I am not mad just highly disappointed. I am staying in a tiny student room in a new city and can´t make friends. My ADHD and anxiety support is unavailable due to covid and I am suicidal as I have no outlet fitting to who I am and my needs due to covid and trying to protect my family. I am not returning home for christmas due to my parents being in a risk group and chosing to stay in a small room for christmas knowing this could go terribly wrong. I am forking out 250 euros a week as a uni student for a psychologist. As a biomedical student I am highly disappointed in what you have done as I am trying to protect and you jsut did that. I used to look up to you and wanted to be like you. This hurts man.  I also wear a mask despite it causing me distress and panic attacks but I chose others over my own comfort just to see you do that. I am hurt
I haven’t seen my friends or family since quarantine started. I live alone with a cat. I’ve been home for MONTHS. It has only gotten worse everywhere. It sucks because I did what I was suppose to do.  Now I don’t care. Everyone is traveling and hanging out. Why should I keep doing the right thing when no one else is.  Good luck to everyone.
Not a mistake A calculated and intentional choice A mistake is an oopsie This Is a problem
the fact that most of his viewers are still clueless about this in his recent video shows how unapologetic this "apology" is. Grow some spine and be accountable at this. You literally broke the hippocratic oath by putting others in danger
Dr. Mike, I really love your content, especially your passion towards decreasing risk during the pandemic. However, please understand that you are (or were) the best role model we could have. I understand you want your fun but it doesn't help that everyone can see it because, well, you're a doctor. Influencers and celebrities have also done this, maybe more than you will ever do, but they're not medical professionals, therefore, I never really expected any of them to stay at home like they should. However, personally as a fan of yours and other influencers who've broken the rules you've shared to us all to keep safe, you can influence people in some way. Worse , a person can choose to go out often or when not necessary because *if insert celebrity, influencer or Dr. Mike*, then I can too!". I have gone out at least once a month since losing my job but I chose to not interact with other people, even if they were my parents' friends because I looked up to you and everyone staying true to keeping safe first above all else. I will be unsubbing for now. I hope you understand.
I'm turning 18 in 3 days, I'll be stuck at home celebrating with the people that live with me. Being an influencer does not give you the right to do things that you aren't suppose to do during a PANDEMIC. For a doctor that keeps preaching about staying home and wearing a mask in this pandemic, then going out to party, really makes everything you say unreliable. Wow such a great influence to the younger generation 👏
1:15 he’s holding his laugh and looking at a script.
43K DISLIKE! AND FINALLY EQUAL AMOUNT WITH THE LIKES! CMON LOVE, KEEP DISLIKING
First of all, you need new “friends”. Second of all no.
You aren't even apologizing. In the first 20 seconds you are naming up more than a dozen excuses of why you did what you did. Pathetic.
Disgusted disappointed Unsubscribing!
Ffs, he was on a boat with friends, not maskless in public. He lives alone, doesn't expose or put at risk anyone else, especially elderly people. He wears a mask every time he goes out, he gets tested regularly so it's not like he could infect anyone. All of y'all who live with your families and are 3-5 people in one house, do you wear masks inside? No. So you, in particular, can't go to a yacht party because if you get infected, you'll infect your whole fucking family. But he lives ALONE. He can't "bring" the virus back to anyone. That's the difference between him and other people. If you too, live all by yourself and have no maskless contact with anyone, go have a party, no one is stopping you.   smh
Don’t be shy post it on your main channel 🙈✨
And he's a f***kin DOCTOR!!!! Imagine what kind of message he's sending to a million other people who have lost their loved ones due to COVID.   And this is coming from a COVID survivor himself. COVID IS NO JOKE, y'all. It's a very serious and deadly disease. I'm a fit Indian male who consumes a healthy diet yet I had a severe breathing issue that lasted for 2.5 months due to COVID, and I had to visit the hospital multiple times due to this  I just cannot imagine how can Dr. Mike do such an irresponsible & unacceptable act of going out and partying recklessly. This sends out a very bad message to so many people out there who have been affected directly or indirectly due to the COVID outbreak.  I'm very sure that Dr. Mike wouldn't have made an apology video if his pictures from his so-called vacation weren't leaked online.  This is extremely shameful, to say the least. Also, this act of his is unpardonable in all honesty coz he being a doctor did what he did. He did not practice what he preaches to his millions of followers. It's outright disgusting
EVERYONE WAS VIBIN, GOD WAS HAPPY BUT NOOOO!!!!!! THOSE STUPID MILLENNIALS JUST HAD TO RUN US ZOOMERS LIVES, GODDAMN IT!
You do NOT deserve negative comments. You are a normal human who just so happens to be in the public eye. I can assure you, I l've worked with hundreds of doctors who have made worse decisions. Their wrongs just go unnoticed. You deserve compassion too. You shouldn't have to hold the weight of other people's decisions. You are only responsible for yourself and anyone saying otherwise isn't self aware either. I said what I said. 💯
I understand you and what ur message days but ik u did smth wrong i forgive you
What a great doctor you are, going out partying with other thickos who don't know any better.
You messed up, you messed up big. And this apology doesn't really feel like one. It feels like an excuse. And no, you didn't follow the guidelines. You were more than ten people. You went to Miami, which had a lot of cases that time. Young and healthy or not, you put your friends at risk, your dad, your patients. You didn't have to party. You didn't have to go on a boat. It was your own decision, a selfish one. And you are being used, yes. And no, that isn't nice. But you should have known your actions would have consequences. You are part of the social media, you have millions of followers. So did you really think there would be no impact?  I respect you, I really do. You are doing great work, you are doing a lot of good, and I won't unfollow. Not yet.  But please... This apology should not be here. If you really mean it, if you really are sorry for what you did and not only for being caught, post it on your main channel. You said this is mostly for your followers, then show it to all of them. They deserve it, don't you think?
He is a human being, humans make mistakes. For god sake he made a mistake and learned out of it and if he wouldn't be famous noone would care.  I am in the medical field myself and I know what an important role social distancing plays atm, but mental health does too. Socializing for me personally is a need I have, I can't have no human contact I will feel so bad and sad. I have met friends doing the pandemic (I live in germany so the regulation allowed it prior or 2nd lockdown) but if it wouldn't have been for that I wouldn't have been happy. Especially not with the stress I have in my job every day, seeing people die alone having noone care about them.
Interesting that you are blocking people who bring this up on your main channel
Hhhmmm sorry but can someone tell me what he did?? Cuz this sounds serious
He did everything for the photos to not get leaked and after they invetibly did he tried everything to not let it spread like he has 10 Million Followers on his social medias yet the video has only 1 Million views posted on a 70k subscriber channel which has not lost subs. IM DISSAPOINTED
Most public figures and “health experts” don’t even follow their own mandates and guidelines, even WHO is saying that these lockdowns have gone on long enough and that there’s no evidence that they work. I trust doctors but I roll my eyes now when they tell us to behave like scared little hermits, please be honest with us dr mike. We know that the only mistake you made was letting a photo go public, you know that the pandemic isn’t as bad as they say and that these mandates don’t work. Be honest with your audience and give us the truth
Just own up to it, dude. This isn't genuine. You lost my respect but you don't care
43k for likes and dislikes equally. Hmmmmm this is interesting. boutta sound like a parent. I'm disappointed in you. BUT this is a good apology imo.
Blah blah blah you’ve officially ruined your credibility as a doctor. You have absolute no right to tell us how we should handle the COVID pandemic anymore. This wasn’t a mistake, this was a planned trip. My birthday was in September during the Chicago lockdown. I would have loved to be in a warm place, on a boat being fed champagne. Instead, I celebrated my birthday at home. The level of hypocrisy is astonishing.  You’re an influencer, no one believes you don’t know the impact of your actions. If you truly believed that, you wouldn’t be on social media making video after video about COVID and it’s impact.
43 likes and 43 dislikes. Wow.
I’m not speaking on the legitimacy of his apology but I just wanna say:  I honestly understand wanting to be selfish this pandemic. I haven’t left the house since March and it hurts (especially as a high school senior distance learning their entire year). But that’s not as bad as losing a family member or friend to the virus so I’m in no way trying to seem spoiled or anything. And tbh I can understand taking a day to be selfish. Seeing another person would feel so good. But this is a doctor, who has preached the words to us of what to do and he has failed us. :(
Another apology video yall! Want some popcorn?
Guys relax. Yes he is a doctor, and yes he is an influencer, but we all make mistakes and you all in the comment make it seam like he is the only one doing wrong! We are all having a hard time doing 100% right with COVID! I am sure we all have seen friends/family or have been out to events or anything that we should not have, so don’t make it seem like he is the only one.
Dr, howcome I had to hunt this down? Why are you hiding your mistakes? If it’s that’s important, then you should truly own up to it. I am an essential worker at a senior home. My grandma lives there so she’s not alone. My grandma everyday has to be reminded why she cannot she her own family or do the things she did out of risk. I do not go out for her and the other residents safety. But a dr preaching of covid safety goes on a boat party? Past covid spacing? The from and go places are high risk? That’s insane. Check yourself. Get your story straight.
give him the same energy that we gave tiktokers for partying.
Shaaammmeeee3x
You are literally a fucking doctor...  I’ve lost ALL respect for you because of not only that you went against YOUR OWN medical advice, BUT THEN didn’t address it where people would look to go see it. It seems to me you are influencer first and a doctor second making me rethink ever trusting you.
This video has 43k likes and 43k dislikes balanced-
I lived 14 years of my life without my mother. I met her again when I was 18, 3 years ago. My mother has cancer. And due to that, I can not see my mother. If she caught this virus, it would 100% kill her. I would give anything to hug my mother again after having not known her for so long. My best friends mother died earlier this year. Her funeral was only close family and friends, and was no more than everyone standing 6 feet apart and saying their peace. No hugging or consoling those who were crying. All of this just so you can go party. It doesn't matter what precautions you took. As a doctor AND a public figure, you should have thought about it first. Yeah, not being able to do something for your birthday this year sucks. But no one has been able to celebrate. I had my 21st birthday a month ago and didn't get to party. I also just love how this is on your second account. An account most people don't even know about. Nor is there any mention of it on Instagram. Own up to your mistake, and don't try to hide your apology to save face. Come on, Doctor Mike. I had more faith in you. But now I have absolutely none.
we love you dr. mike!!!
The likes and dislikes are balanced *my ocd is pleased*
sadly, you sound like every other influencer...
Sorry Dr  Mike, but IMHO, this is not enough. Please post this video on your main channel, too. It would restore at least a part of your seriousness. Thank you.
Love you
He is not even apologizing, he is just using excuses to get around.
As a nurse who regularly gets thrown in covid rotations, this sucks, man.  I get that the general population may not fully appreciate what it’s like to work with critical covid patients, but as a doctor you should. Even if you don’t work covid units, if you work in medical right now you know how much your patients and coworkers are struggling to even fucking breathe.  Bruh. You have a wide spread platform as an MD and the fight we all have been fighting to encourage/educate people to wear masks and social distance has lost credibility.  C’mon, man.
We all know he didn’t wore a mask at the party but it was a beach party or somthin so they were swimming, i saw on a yt video showing abt doctor mike that there was a sign that they won’t allow you to wear mask while doing water activities. im sure after the party or when they were about to go off the boat they were all wearing masks.
Choices.
It's not a mess-up, it was a choice. A deliberate one.
Post this on your main channel. Take accountability.
It’s hard when your held to a higher standard yet still a person. Sending you lots of love ❤️ we are all struggling to get thru this.
I have lost so much respect for you. Your personal risk factors were clearly not the issue. So many people with low personal risk factors have missed out on important milestones and haven’t seen family and friends in months because they were concerned for the health and safety of others. The fact that your image is being used for “nefarious purposes” is your fault. If I believed that masks were a hoax and saw a doctor behaving in this way, I would use it as proof as well. Both as a doctor and as someone in the public eye this was completely irresponsible and honestly unforgivable. This apology is not enough. Do more, be better.
You're canceled buddy.
Ah Jesus Christ people, come on 🙄
You can't just address all the things you did right and not mention the specific risks you guys took that were against everything you've been telling the public; that's just being defensive rather than apologizing. Did you guys quarantine and get tested after flying to Florida? What about potentially contracting COVID-19 leaving the hotel, traveling to the boat, or at the rental place for the boat? An apology is acknowledging wrong doing and committing to doing what's right, not saying, "I guess I set a bad example" and then directing attention only to the things you did right. Typical gaslighting and fake apologizing.  Rules for thee, not for me.
post this on your main channel where you have millions of subscribers. if you were really sorry you would do that. this shows what type of person you are. IRRESPONSIBLE.
post this on your main channel
Some people are educationally smart but not life smart.
Mike, I looked up to you. The amount of knowledge that I got from you is innumerable. But, this wasn't good.. You've been posting videos about Covid-19 since 10 months. If your friends would have given you the chance (to have the boat party) you should've politely refused it. Umm, I don't have words to say. I know you are a honest man. But, every mistake has a consequence. You've gotta post this in your main account and in insta. Cause it's bad to party when the whole world is reeling from a at-present monster.... One more question. Was the apology honest and real?
You didn’t make a mistake, You made a conscious choice.
I think everyone deserves a second chance . I am really disappointed but after all we r humans we make stupid choices and make mistakes.......
It's simple, Mike. You advised people not to go out without mask, but you went out without mask. You made a mistake. You're hypocrite. Remember that people only subscribed to your channel at first place because you're hot for them (and once for me too) but I'm glad I never subscribed to you.
I had to watch 15 of my residents, people I worked with and loved, die because a medical worker put them at risk. Myself and my partner got Covid because of a medical worker who exposed us to it. Your actions are inexcusable. You knew better, just like they knew better before they killed my friends. Who knows how many people you could have killed. Maybe you did. After all, you're young and healthy. Maybe you were asymptomatic. But you're a doctor, you know all about that.
I can see how you followed the guidelines. The a slight high yield tweak that might have made this just better while not sacrificing you hanging out with your friends would have been quarantining when you got back home.
I appreciate the apology. It's been a tough year and even medical professionals are bound to slip up, so I forgive you. I think you've learned from your mistake.
My friend told me about this and I was pretty sad about it. I really trusted him and now, look where we are :/
All this talk about not having worn a mask, but no mention of the distancing? That image was packed with people. In some other countries, distance is seen as even more important than masks for preventing spread. He evaluated this as low risk? Uhm, no...
he’s a literal doctor. he should know better than EVERYONE. smh
This is pretty much inexcusable in my opinion. Also, why isn't this on the main channel?
All I can say is that if you looked at Dr. Mikes boat picture, that man is freaking Dr. Cooch.
You literally say how important social distancing n masks are. Instead of going off your own advice you try to show what the cdc stated to make it look ok that you forgot. You work with patients that could have their life effected with this virus and your actions could determine their recovering or not. How do you use the excuse "I forgot?????  Your a doctor, you deal with patients everyday ... How do you just forget? It's not like a brain fart. Now your busted n you give more excuses than showing remorse or concern..... I'm so disappointed.
All these comments passed the vibe check 😎💅🏿
Quedaste como estúpido, mijo 😢.
Yall shut up
Honestly listening to doctors and going to the hospital are death sentences. I listened to everyone about covid since I have respitory issues. Doctors been telling me to stay home and wear masks and I have been. I thought if I get covid, I at least have some hope since I could get help from doctors but what's the point? Doctors are not even listening to what they preach. There was that nurse who don't wear masks and work with cancer patients. I have no hope of living past Covid. If I get Covid, I will most likey die because I have asthma and I can't even count on doctors and nurses at hospitals to help keep me safe.
I understand doctors are human. They make mistakes.  And doctors, nurses, etc are on the frontlines fighting the hardest. They deserve rest and a break. You don’t want these frontline fighters getting burned out.   All that said; you knew better.  A boat party was reckless. (And drop the lie it was a surprise, we’re not stupid) And while you may not get sick, the people you treat are now at a higher risk and that’s unacceptable.
“I was happy for the first time in over a year” yes Mike, it’s not like we’re over here being joyful all year while some of us are unemployed and are struggling financially :)
Edit- Dr Mike and whomever reading my son’s test came back positive and I’m scared not only for my son but my son who is autistic has symptoms, I have symptoms and my husband who has an autoimmune disorder and heart disease has symptoms 😟 I seriously think you should reconsider posting on your main channel! I feel you gave an excuse bf your apology... also anyone reading could you please pray for my family or send out good vibes!? I’d really appreciate it! 🙏❤️🙏  Dr Mike I’m disappointed and don’t understand why you didn’t post this on your main channel, I wouldn’t of found this if a drama channel didn’t post about it..since you’re not in drama that I know of , I came looking for this video 1st to get your side. It took a minute to find this video and I believe you should post this on your main channel. I find out in a day or so if my son who is a senior with his whole life ahead of him and an essential worker has Covid..he’s really sick & quit frankly takes this very serious! My 22 yr old Autistic son just started puking about 10 mins ago along with chills and shaking. So as a mom I’m disappointed 😢 doesn’t mean I can’t forgive you, but please let your community know. I lost an uncle who I didn’t get to say bye to , he left us mins before my 1st grandchild came into this world , which he was born a month early and the way we coped with it was to believe one life was lost , for my grandson to come in this world 🥺 My mom had it so bad a few months back and we’ve already lost our brother in 2017 and idk how much more I can handle, I really hope you make better decisions Dr. Mike. From a really worried mom 🥺  I know you’re human but please realize the impact you have bc of your following and your oath you took as a Doctor..
Nobody’s legitimately mad you let loose and enjoyed the privileges of your earning. Blowing off steam the way you did was a mistake and all you had to do was apologize for a lapse in judgement. That’s all you owed.  Instead you take it a mile farther by reframing a narrative that makes yourself the victim. And it’s hard to manifest sympathy for a victim who has a turbulent history of narcissistic behavior.   It’s disappointing.
Mmm. It was not a mistake because you know better, but then again you are human. And I don’t think there is no need for you to try to be perfect.
summary of the video: shifting blame and talking around the issue, contradicting his own self
Mike, I trusted you a lot and now I’m disappointed. I’ve been shielding with my parents for the past 6 months barely going out, terrified of going to school because I could harm my mum. I thought I could trust doctors to keep us safe when we have to venture out for medical reasons but now I see I can’t. Please. Keep your promise, do better.
The issue here is that he has lost all his credibility
I unsubscribe to your channel.  Now I’m following Dr. Mike Hansen he has more common sense than you.
Bro you should’ve put the video you made on your main channel I just think u know your gonna get hate from it how pathetic bro you are just trying to make yourself bulletproof in your main channel bc you have a lot of likes “oh wait it isn’t gonna last long being a positive apology video unlike pewdiepie” you are gonna get a lot of dislikes on your apology video and you are no longer gonna have that video making you bulletproof
Lol unsubbed to you. 🙄 Really irresponsible and bs apology. I didn't celebrate my birthday I don't understand how a doc couldn't do that. You know I wanted to 'let lose' too but I knew how dangerous this pandemic was very very disappointed and no longer respect you. I hope all your patients stay safe though 🙄🤦
So I just find out about this video and I’m kind of upset about it. Why is it not on the main channel Dr.Mike? This sound like you’re saving face but as more of us find out about this video there will be 🔥.    Next Shane Dawson. I never heard about this channel until I heard about the video, Dr.mike why are you hiding this video? If you don’t care you don’t care. Mask are a small thing, some people are still questioning if COVID-19 is a hoax.
This man really added a dramatic zoom in to his “apology” video
This wasn't on your main channel. Why is that? I hope none of your patients were harmed from this choice
You need your license removed.  You put millions of people's lives in danger with your risk taking behaviors.  Everyone is at risk of dying.  Even you
you had ONE job
If u r sincerely sorry and u felt that u have let your supporters down, then put this apology video on your main channel. That’s where more than 90% of your supporters are. I think the reason u put this on your  2nd channel is because u don’t want the world to know your mistake and you apologised merely because the photos were leaked.  Be a MAN! Put this video on your main channel, let more people learn from your mistake. I believe more people will respect you for that!
Lol. Everyone is very upset in the comment area. I mean, I don’t blame you all. He is famous and he should have done better. There are millions of people that is looking up to him. his decision(or mistake according to him, but I disagree. Lol) to pursue this event is now a HUGE deal especially at this time. He has a huge platform on his social media and there are no more rooms for this kind of choices(or mistake again according to him😬). Yes it is unfair for him but that’s the way it is. Life is unfair and it is never unfair since the beginning.
No amount of "I'm a doctor working during the pandemic, I'm so sad" makes up for you pulling stunts like this. This is not a mistake. This is a serious if deliberate decisions. One mistake is 'I forgot my mask at home' which we've all done. One mistake is not I'm going to travel on an airline from one hot zone to another so I can party with my friends on a small boat where there's no realistic way to social distance and choose not to wear masks. Then let's post all of this onto my social media while the rest of you normies are at home following guidelines.  This REEKS of "Ask for forgiveness, don't ask for permission" mentally. You KNOW better. There's so many videos of you saying exactly what people should and should not be doing. You CHOSE to behave in such a way that shows you don't believe the rules apply to you. You clearly think you're better than the rest of us. Between this and all the sketchy diet sponsors you're just turning into Dr Oz for a new generation.
And this is why esteemed tittles such as doctors, nurses, even news reporters should, of all people, be aware of their image and the weight their words and actions hold. This is why professionalism is adamant in those fields, I really thought you found a sweet spot of being credible and while also reaching out with the use of your status as celebrity. . .   You have lost so much more respect than you realize
I just came here to dislike the button.
It looks bad and sounds even worse, like he is more concerned about losing subs/views and he and his team are foreseeing a severe case of "it hurts my pocket" disease. This was posted on a secondary account to prevent other people to know about the issue and lose even more subs/views.  His main account has nearly 6.5M subscribers while this one only 70k and this alone speak volumes.  Damage control? Use to justify himself in the future? Who knows. "I can do it because I am young, healthy and I live alone" is not a valid excuse, because you have to interact with other human beings at work daily, even worse, with patients.  Half the video is him justifying himself, and then after comes a very washed up "apology".  He is not a kid anymore, not a young adult either, he has 30-31 y.o., he should know better.  They are organizing a get-togheter for his birthday in Miami, and he was "surprised" they made a party in a boat, sure, very "surprising".  I acknowldge he is human and humans are prone to make mistakes.  When you have a platform with more than 6 mil people you can reach you have to think things twice, even more if you are traveling to a virus hot spot, you don't get to say "I messed up".  Dr. Mikhail Varshavski didn't lose just views or subs, also his credibility.
I’ve used to look up to your videos since the beginning of this pandemic. Your videos telling us to not panic used to calm me and many others. And then you did everything you’ve been telling us not to do.  I’m extremely disappointed and will no longer support your videos on YouTube. You’re just sorry you got caught.
I stumbled upon this channel bc of the figs video & i didn't even know this was one of your actual verified channels. I don't understand why you posted this video on a smaller channel? this make it seems like you want to hide this from your brand/image, metaphorically brushing it under the rug. Take responsibility and grow, that's what people want to see, an honest take on what you did wrong and an apology.
Everyone makes mistakes! No one is perfect and I can guarantee that everyone has made at least one mistake since March. Holding a doctor to some incredibly high standard is unfair. Getting through these tough times won’t be any easier if everyone just keeps pointing fingers.
dr mikeDouchebag! 😑
Guys he did everything right, I don’t think he messed up. Love you mike
I still support you Dr. Mike. To err is human.
People mess up, everyone does, it doesn't mean all the good that they have done can be forgotten, but it also doesn't mean they should be excused. You should have acted better, you knew better. Now what's done is done, it's a lesson. Also, it would have been better if this video was uploaded on your main channel.
The impact ‘can’ harm ?  Can ?!
Just admit you were being selfish and go 🙄
Lost a bunch of respect for you. Just another “rules for thee not for me”. Unsubscribe.
I forgive you. Guys let’s spread positivity . Put yourself in his shoes and find the strength and compassion to forgive him.
Your friends surprising you with a boat party gives me the impression that   a) they don’t care about your opinions and knew they could convince you to do it                                Or   b) they knew you weren’t serious about social distancing and wouldn’t mind partying
This makes me so angry. Do you know how many times my 6 y.o. sis has asked to go outside and been told no because of the virus.  Yet here we get a GROWN MAN WHO IS A DOCTOR going out and having a party with friends. Like dude of course people are going to use you as a reason not to wear a mask. Your saying "stay inside and wear a mask" of course people are going to listen cuz ur a doctor.  Did you just spend money and time in med school to not do whats ur job?? Like some of us can't go to med school even tho we want to yet you have the audacity to shove it all in our faces. I understand that you wanted to have fun some us want to as well but you should known better. U probably wont have made a video if you werent caught. I hope you see this and send a reply
My grandad died from Covid and my family couldn’t attend their funeral correctly, they’re were 10 meters apart of him, couldn’t even see his face, say goodbye to him. He got covid because people irresponsable like you, you are sorry because you got caught, you are no doctor, just a hypocrite who says “people who go out partying are irresponsable " but do the same thing and says sorry because of some photos that spread.
all i hear is.... dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb lol this guy is proof that a monkey can be a doctor as long as you have rich parents supporting you until your 30's...
This is not a mistake, you planned this, you are sorry because you got caught. You are a *DOCTOR* , you should known better, you are a hypocrite, doctor and nurses putting their life’s at risk for helping people and you’re a “Doctor” going partying on a pandemic? People are dying for people irresponsable like you. Hope you get karma soon because you really messed up this time.
He’s speaking as if he didn’t just go to a yacht party without a mask💀
I also had my birthday during the pandemic, and guess what I did? I stayed in and opted for a Zoom celebration. Maybe it would have been one thing if he had a distanced gathering outdoors with a few people living in the local area, but he literally traveled over 1,000 miles to a COVID hotspot. That’s very high-risk.
Gross, I'm so tired of all these grown adults saying they made a "mistake". No, you chose to ignore the rules and be selfish. And yes, we can expect people to stay home and not see peoppe they don't need to, or just stay far apart and wear your masks, it's not hard, loads of people are isolated longer than this without it being a choice because they're not rich and hot and have to just work all day. These "mistakes" are why LA is closing again and loads are losing their livelihoods. I'm disgusted and you should be too, he's the main one that knows better.
Never thought I'd unsub from Dr Mike, but this is a global pandemic where people are dying everyday. You are a public figure who sets an example for so many. Your actions are beyond unacceptable for a doctor who deals with patients. I get it, quarantine sucks, but this thing is not going to last forever.
Your gucci doc
Must be nice dr.mike 🤣
That dislike ratio looking real sus right now
You are a DOCTOR there is no room for mistakes when lives are at risk
So he is following guidelines and gets hate? The point is that he followed the guidelines but people could take the photo as proof that a mask is not needed in general It says so a minute in the video on the guidelines, the mistake was posting a photo, not the activity cus he followed guidelines.
People: He's human!  Me: No sh*t, what did you think we thought he was, a reptilian?
Classic douchebag move. Here’s this really bad thing I did, but now that I’m caught, the VERY FIRST THING OUT OF MY MOUTH, is trying to gain sympathy for why you did what you did.... shame on you man.
Honestly, as someone who aspires to be a doctor, I really looked up to him as my guiding light. But, this apology has left me disappointed in so many ways. He made a conscious decision to attend the boat party and never once considered the men and women working on the frontline. This is abhorrent and completely unforgivable.
Why the women you sorround yourself are only Instagram models??
Nice.
Guys, he became complacent. the backlash from social media made him realize his complacency. but y'all are just as bad as him. have y'all looked at suicide rates recently? they are sky high. this comment section is filled with nothing but negativity. I understand some of you may be hurt by his actions, but there's absolutely no reason to comment negatively on his account, no matter what he did or didn't do. I don't care who you are, you have made a mistake during this pandemic.. because something as simple as touching a shopping cart, then your phone, and later putting your phone to your ear is a mistake right now.. so let's just all be supportive or silent. Not supportive of his actions, but supportive of his realization. Come on, do better.
Hypocrite, I hope u get fired.
Why can't you just stay at home? Like what's so hard about that? BS after BS continous BS in this video.
2:13 dont do it just to say it
Naahhh I feel like I you do your "videos" just for saying do you apply it to your life. People haven't met their families in months and you MAKE a choice to PARTY PEOPLE cant go to their loved ones funerals and so for you to think to go party even with precautions is just like not caring. There are 1000s of people dying have you seen how ITALY has been they cannnot control the spread and for you to party and share images just imagine how bad it would look like wowww I was rooting for you but now nope
GUYS THE DISLIKES WE ARE RAITOOOOING THIS MAN  RAITOOOO
I’ve stayed home, missed celebrations, lost loved ones, had family suffer through Covid and you can’t take your own advice. Sorry to say this doc, but I need my space. Won’t be watching any videos of yours anytime soon.   You put this on your second channel that most people didn’t know exists and didn’t sound that sincere. An apology doesn’t have justifications and excuses. What you gave us wasn’t an apology for what you did. It was an “apology” for being caught.
As miss ariana grande said "I could call bullshit out from a mile away" which applies to this case since everything you said here is complete bs.
not this time dr, I'm a huge fan but apologizing in this small channel thinking you'll get away and fans wouldn't notice. POST IT IN YOUR MAIN CHANNEL COWARD.
Sounds like excuses to me
one of the most bs apology ive heard. yeah, go party and have fun while your co-workers and patients are dying.
Why is this not on the main channel? I had no idea this channel even existed until I watched someone else react to it. I literally had to actively search for the apology from someone I respected and admired so much.
Every nurse and doctor who did this was terminated. He should also be terminated, regardless if he’s a big youtuber :)
The reason you didn’t put this on your main channel is so you’re reputation stay intact while you were still in responsible and putting peoples lives in danger and expect more from my doctor
"Admitting When I'm Wrong" shouldn't be the TITLE but "Defending and Justifying My Hypocrisy."
You're sorry not sorry.
Chile- anyways time to find a better doctor to stan and binge now. Send thru better doctors YouTuber’s down below please 😩
This sounds like a shitty ex apologizing after you've caught them cheating.
It's very obvious why this isn't on his main channel. You go to one of his new videos and it's like nothing happened, he knows most of his fans on the main channel aren't aware of this scandal so he posts this here, to his smaller channel, to respond to all the criticism without letting most of his followers know what happened.  Honestly, I used to love his videos but after this I can't support him being a huge hypocrite. Maybe the friend that offered him the boat ride is stupid and has no common sense but he should know better and reject his invitation.
um chile u are so embarrassing
Thank god I never subscribed
You shouldn't be DR. MIKE but DR. HYPOCRITE.
This is fucking disgusting. Think about all the nurses and workers and even people in general who did not celebrate their birthdays because of the pandemic but you get to do it and that too without following all the rules you yourself preached about? You're pathetic
In an old video you answered the question "Should I have/go to a mini-party?" and you said "No". HYPOCRITE. End of story.
I hate hypocrites.
I don't believe it when he says he looked at the guidelines. He should have just hung out with his Dad at his place then gone back home. Unsubscribe, from your main channel which is where you should have posted this if you were trying to be transparent. This is you trying to deceive.
Stop trying to act like nothing happened. We know. Do what you want to do, I can't stop you, but don't call people out for doing things, then do them your self
just disappointed
Huge disappointment.
"Even considering all that... it doesnt matter" so why bring it up?
"Rules for thee but not for me" The motto of the rich and powerful.
Being influencer is indeed a double edged sword. Everything passes, this too shall pass. Take good care of yourself, especially mental health now, Dr Mike.
Very dissapointed
Super disappointing. Lost credibility and the trust of your audience. Trust is fragile, hard to gain but so easily lost.
I missed my Grandma's FUNERAL because of advise to stay home from doctors like you. And, you have the fucking audacity to go and party it up on a boat?! So very disappointed. Thought you were one of the good guys. Unsubbed.
This is inexcusable. It's very telling that your friend planned this knowing you would be okay with it in the first place. Not to mention traveling for pleasure during a pandemic. And a photo where there is 15+ people with no distancing? Surely you could distance even if you didn't want to wear your mask for fear of it getting wet, how about bringing multiple masks so you could switch them out? You're a doctor for fucks sake. You took risk assessment for yourself but isn't the point to reduce the spread, haven't we been saying this all along? To prevent other people from getting it from you? Because who knows if the person you give it to will be okay. I really can't trust your judgement any longer and I definitely wouldn't trust you if you were my doctor. So very dissapointed in you.
This is pathetic.
Y'all act like you're perfect people. Every single person in this comment section has made poor choices, a lot of them terrible mistakes that hurt other people. It's part of being human no matter who you are. Doctor or not. Most of you felt terrible after making them, and I'd hope that you took the same kind of responsibility for your part in them. Even then, you can't expect apologizing for those actions to reverse the damage done. Once the mistake is made, doing everything in your power to try to fix it will still not seem like enough for the people who feel hurt by your actions. And I'm POSITIVE that every single one of you knows what it's like to make a poor choice that you cannot take back -- no matter how badly you wish that you could. So let's treat him with the same understanding and forgiveness that every single one of you would wish to have in his position. You cannot expect anybody to live a perfectly moral life and never make bad choices or even act hypocritically, because everybody does -- even if unintentionally. Everybody. Anybody who says otherwise is just as hypocritical as those they condemn.
andy leikind Sir, I’m sorry to say it but if this was genuine, it would be on your main channel, where all of your subscribers could see it. I get the feeling, you’re not sorry for what you did, but for that you got caught doing it. Now you have to apologize b/c people are taking such serious precautions that you and other doctors encourage us so much to. But then we see you out partying after you told us to “just stay home”. I’m sorry but I’m angry. Yes people make mistakes but maybe you should have taught your friends that surprising you (a doctor) with a party boat in the midst of a world wide pandemic, wasn’t the best idea. Your probably not going to see this, but it needed to be said. I want to party too, I missed my birthday, thanksgiving, halloween, and I’m going to also stay home for Christmas. I’m not a doctor, but I know I shouldn’t anyway. I’m not even a legal adult, so that says something. I’m 13, yes i’m sharing my age. I missed out on my 13 birthday( turning into a teen!) because of corona, but guess what? I didn’t need parents telling me to stay home. I did it because I WANT PEOPLE TO STOP DOING EXACTLY WHAT YOU DID. My celebrations should have been huge too, but they weren’t. So you partying doesn’t get an exuse. Have a good day.
shitty imfluencer apology but make it greys anatomy
Oh no, he was human. We've all messed up, he knows better, and he'll do better.
We as doctors have to lead by example, we can be hypocrite and say to our patients stay home don't party, wear a mask, if we don't do it ourselves, I'm young aswell and I would love to hop on a boat and forget about the pandemic but I can't, you could've just say NO, but you didn't and now your credibility as a doctor and everything you've done in the past is stained, as a colleague this made me sad and dissapointed, especially because so many in our profession have died because of COVID-19.
This is really gross
You shrunk behind the false shield that was your tiny channel and this video now has over a million views. Nice.
Dr Mike: Yachts are safe during the pandemic  Also Dr Mike: this video is sponsored by Big Yacht(TM)
If a widely known and respected DOCTOR did this... idk, I guess that's why such large amounts of cases are reported daily, people don't think is that serious.
OMG the level of hypocrisy
Ok but, not only did you put yourself at risk, think of your colleges and patients especially children I mean come on man
I am very disappointed at you, I know you're a great person and all but what you did was your own choice. I hope you choose better things later on in your life, both for you and everyone around you.
“There’s not a one size fits all for this answer. Risk is a spectrum. I don’t put anyone at risk.” So why have you been saying it like there is... and you put everyone you work with and patients at risk do you not?
🤡^3689543
A slap in the face to all his patients. people like me with chronic health issues do not get to "make mistakes". Mike, you knew it was wrong before you even went, it was NOT a mistake, it was a gross portrayal of your own hypocrisy. Just because you have a MD, make a fortune from being a dr and youtube + media appearances, and think you're famous, doesn't mean you're above other human beings. Disgusted. If you knew better, the only reason you went was because you thought you were exempt from the restrictions that apply to ALL people, so that as many lives as possible can be saved from Covid. Shows that you really do think you are worth more than the people you treat, and do not mind putting their lives at risk so you can go have a little maskless fun on a fucking yacht.
This is embarrassing af. Like I followed all your advice and now you broke that by yourself. I felt so disappointed! If i could just say in front of you that my anxiety already attacked me, my panic attacks went mad, my relationship has no longer open in store, I'm struggling to make money during this pandemic etc. But besides all of that I still stay at home.
The king of hypocrites at its finest. Wow!! 🖕🖕🖕🖕
Oh no, not the private boat for your birthday!
He's more a model than a "doctor". I never trusted him anyways. 🤢🤢🤢🤢🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕
The hypocrisy at its best lmao. Ig what he trying to say is get tested when youre negative, quaratine yourself still for 2 weeks then you go party hard 😂 but doesnt tht go against what he has been saying "do not goto a party even if theres social distancing and mask" lmao i cant even. And to those who have been protecting him open your eyes lol. Yes he has been in the hospital for so long and just had so much stress, fear, anxiety but tht doesnt mean you go out of your way and break everything tht youve been telling everyone. Cause ive been in quarantine since feb, i havent seen any of my friends and relatives. Ive celebrate my bday only with my fam. And for you tht sounds like nothing compared to him. Well yeah it does but when you have depression and you isolate yourself and just be at home for too long youll just go on a spiral deep down till you almost loose your mind and hope. But here i am tryin to do my part as a citizen, as human to stop spreading the virus.  Im not exaggerating when i say IVE NEVER HAD A TIME THAT I HAD FUN THIS YEAR! not even during my bday.
I literally trusted you on medical advice, there are people who need to go out to work and make money but they can’t cause of covid and your just here flying to Miami to your friends and going to parties.
Tell me why I’m 13 and know better than to do this
Unsubbing. To put a poor excuse for an apology on a back channel is arrogant and minimizes this as a real apology. Personally, I believe that as adults we should make are own decisions, but as you advise others differently than you behaved, that is being a hypocrite.
At least if you are going to do that, don't fear monger people with CoVID.
Sir the only thing ii can say is you're a hypocrite, as they says, 'practice what you preach' smh
He Is cute but his voice is a turn off...  And of course, the hypocrisy.
i'm scared for the patients registered with you as YOU are the DOCTOR that has the responsibility of taking care of them and others. 10 years at med school for what? for ur logic and common sense to become flawed? PATHETIC.
Why Doc ? Why celebrate without a mask 😷 or social distancing. You give good advice but go against it traveling during a deadly pandemic. Your apology isn’t sincere enough for me. Therefore I’m no longer follow your social media platforms.
This snobby hypocrite is only apologizing because he got caught. And to think he’s a physician in NYC 🤦🏻‍♂️
Why didn’t you post this on your main channel!? Oh because you don’t want to lose credibility? Hypocrite
You said you live alone so you are not exposing anyone if you are carrying Covid-19.  What about your patients and the people you work with?  Thank you for apologizing.
I knew he was a shill when he crapped on Judy Mikovitz but didn't have the balls to debate her.  This speaks volumes about this intentions.  Just a paid hack, no morals.  Sick of these idiots telling us what to do then they do the opposite.  Risk is a spectrum like everything else now right?  What a joke.  If that photo didn't get out you know he wouldn't even be making this video.
Look, it's one thing being hypocritical, but at least Dr Mike isn't spreading misinformation about the pandemic like politicians have, like some doctors have, simply because they had something to gain for downplaying the pandemic. Dr Mike never downplayed covid. Yes he made a mistake, and yes it is hypocritical that he went ahead with his decision to party, but he's not the first and he won't be the last. The thing we have to watch for now is to see if he lives up to the statement that he's learnt his lesson. Don't be so quick to tear him down because I bet if your sibling or cousin or hell even your parent did the same thing you wouldn't be denouncing them
Idk how people were able to decider that it was dr. Mike in that photo. Maybe I'm blind.
why isnt this on your main? i also cant believe you would be such a hypocrite
Not man enough to post this on his main channel. What a coward and quack.  I'll never trust anything he says again.
Having personally spent months on the covid response and dealing with who think this is a hoax, seeing this is frustrating.  You have chosen to be a doctor and a social media influencer based on your medical background. That comes with a responsibility to those to listen to you. Im sure you understand the ethics of it ad a doctor.   Now, your credidibility when you speak on covid or other topics has taken a hit. It gives fuel to the people who are convinced this is fake.  I appreciate trying to own up to it in a public way, but apologize properly. No excuses and bs. You screwed up. You made a bad choice or have a party as cases are surging like crazy.  I hope you do better.   People can grow and learn from really stupid stuff they have done. But it will be hard to continue watching your content for some time.
Um we didn’t cancel Bryce hall. Why cancel a health care worker? Who made ONE mistake.
Dude we had to graduate online with heavy social distancing and masks and then he goes out partying like it’s nothing And has the audacity to give this joke of an apology I’m done.
Did you really research all that before you went on the boat.. or after you got some backlash for it?
yikesss this dude literally must have blocked all words associated with this disaster on his main channel because suddently there are barely any comments mentioning it. So much for that apology huh? No one said you can't make mistakes, we all do. But the way in which you have handled this is a true disgrace and by this point you've done yourself far worse than what was necessary.
Lol whatttt a jokkke man hope he loses his job ...........
Unsubscribed.
You're not sorry about what you did. Like every other YouTuber, you're sorry you got caught. I hope people realize this. Nice try
First of all, hiding this video? Wrong.  Second of all, you throwing a party right after telling people not to is very trash personality of you. I've been working this entire pandemic. I figured we would have both seen the people hurting and struggling to survive. We aren't out here trying to help people, so a "Dr" can have a birthday. How dare you.
The fact that I saw this on my  featured page from a DRAMA CHANNEL and not your actual channel says a lot...not mad, just disappointed.
Proof you planned your party beforehand is coming to light. Better properly apologize before your channel tanks even more
i cant believe i looked up to you
As a medical student I looked up to you. You truly left us shocked and not only that but disappointed
😞 I was rooting for you
Boy, take this video full of excuses and put it on your main channel where the big platform is. If your not gonna sit there and be straightforward and say “I was sick of not doing something fun in public so I made a bad decision to go to a private boat with 15 people, no masks, no social distancing because I didn’t think ppl would find out” and instead make an excuse and say you made a mistake. A mistake is an accidental thing. Going to a party with a bunch of people, spending money on a plane to fly to Miami and staying there for a while wasn’t an accident. That was your intention. So just admit that it was instead of playing the victim.
You can apologize to us, the healthcare workers but above all you put your patients at RISK
Can u post this to your main page?
It feels like I'm watching the episode about apology videos on James Charles's Show LMAO 😂😂😂
Ok bye online career
it looks like you looked up these cdc things when you were making this video.  if you want to find something the helps your reasoning then you will find it...  don't give us bs. even if you did look these up.. that doesn't matter... everyone wants you to admit that you were acting selfishly (like everyone else, bc we are all selfish at times) and you did a hypocritical thing.  put this on your main channel .
THAT'S REALLY EMBARRASSING 😑
This video just contradicts with all of his other videos regarding the pandemic, this is so disappointing, it just feels like excuses rather than apologizing
why is this not on the main channel????
this makes me so sad . this discredits everything you have said.  It does bc this wasn't a mistake it was intentional. if everyone had enough money to party like that  ....what would that do to the numbers of infected covid people .  but I forgive you. bc you are one of us.  just please dont make any more videos about covid .  do what you want around your family and friends but dont shove the mask thing anymore bc it is unrealistic like you have found out on your trip to do everything in a mask.  sorry that this happened
There’s something so special about this apology video, Narcissist Mike. I mean, Dr. Mike. 1st - you put this on your much, much YT page. You know that only about 1 percent of your followers will see it. Don’t get me wrong, it was brilliant 2nd - your ability to move and dance around your total hypocrisy by talking about the surprise of it. I’m sure your friend actually knows you. The real you. He knew you’d love the boat idea because he knows that personality, you don’t remotely practice what you preach. You didn’t go on the CDC website to check the boat capacity limit. That’s total BS. We all know it. Get off your high horse, work on your narcissist, with a God complex. Add your arrogance to it and I hope you get it figured out. Those personality trait will one day, put a patient in danger. You’re like so many of these people with the, “Rules for you, but not for thee.”
Nah you're just a hypocrite and pretty much lost credibility. And of course, you wouldn't post this on your main channel because you want to keep this hush hush and maintain your "good doctor" image. Disappointing, but I'm not surprised.
Gotta say I’m disappointed this isn’t on your main channel first of all, second I expected more from you as a doctor there is no excuse. But I accept the apology because you’re a person but I am disappointed. 🙁
I usually have great respect for doctor mike, but this situation though I feel heavily conflicted because you literally we're one of the people  who inspired me to start going into the medical field. I'm greatly disappointed by this news, it's irresponsible and disgusting to see a health care professional doing such things. yes ,you are human but you're also a doctor and one who's representing healthcare on social media , whether or not you like it you represent the healthcare professional community on YouTube.  so please please consider that
The wealthy as usual doing whatever they want while the masses are told to behave. You can’t expect the public to be obedient when it will inevitably be leaked that Doctors and politicians have parties while the rest of us go without. It doesn’t matter if you take an $80,000 test to verify you don’t have it in an hour while the masses wait days for a possibly inaccurate test, the optics make you look like a selfish jerk.  You just lost your credibility, Dr Mike and leaving this clip on this channel instead of facing the music on your main channel makes your appology just as crummy.
Girl why is this not on the main channel. You are not sorry and you don’t want your main audience to know that.
I had to eat crab legs alone in the dark on my birthday, it's not that hard to just social fucking distance.
You are a total hypocrite and you deserve to be cancelled idk why ppl are not talking about this
Pathetic!
although im slightly disappointed in dr. mikes actions... hes only human... ive been extremely careful but i had to get out and see my friends recently for my own mental health... i doubt the masses attacking him have been perfect as well... however, with great success comes great responsibility...
We make mistakes it's human. But this is almost umbelieveable no matter of how famous he is leave that be. But just that he is a doctor
Another privileged millenial whining "But it's so hard"(# notallmillenials) Good gawd. Anyone whose family has been in North America for a few generations has ancestors who lived through the SPanish Flu pandemic, 2 World Wars and the Great Depression. And you know what? I never heard my great/grandparents whine about how hard that was. They got on with it and made the necessary sacrifices to survive another day. Your life has been, and clearly still is, too easy if staying in your climate controlled home with every possible form of entertainment and/or wearing a mask when you can't is too hard.
You purposely didn’t post this on your main channel so less people know to not take you seriously anymore
I’ve now unsubscribed to both channels.  This apology should have been put on his main channel, not hidden on his second channel.  He has TOTALLY destroyed his credibility.  There are a lot of other doctor channels on You Tube.  There is no reason to watch his channel when there are others out there who are not hypocritical.  I will continue to wear a mask and practice social distancing despite those like Dr Mike who don’t practice what they preach.  By the way, this attempt at an apology came across as very  ingenuine and full of excuses.
I've been watching your videos since before the pandemic started. You stressed so heavily that no one should have parties at all, or even have a few friends over. Which is understandable. You said we shouldn't have socially distant birthday parties where everyone wears masks. I agree - you are a human who makes mistakes. But in no way should you go against what you have been saying for months about the pandemic and social distancing, especially when you are a doctor. I won't get an 18th birthday party in Feburary, what's so special about your 31st?
Ur literally a doctor who is helping people in the hospital and yet u got out partying. Idgaf if people say “well he was tested and everyone else might too”, corona doesn’t wait nor show symptoms right away. I want people to call u out and EVERYONE else who was attended.
Can't believe a professional doctor would came up with a beauty guru kind of apology video. Dissappointing, clearly you look like you're having fun in that party lmao.
"I checked CDC guidelines". No you didn't. Common sense says it was stupid and unsafe, you knew that.
You are human... No need to apologize for that. People we are very likely to all get coronavirus at some point, even with safety protocols. Will you meet covid19 living life or will you meet it sitting in your basement locked away from the world. We all also are going to die someday, somehow(who knows when or how?) , how do you want death to find you, living life or in fear of how and when it will arrive ? What is your focus on?
Half of y’all been going out don’t lie and hold him at a higher standard than yourselves. Him being a doctor doesn’t give you a reason to attack him and his credibility because he did something half of y’all do on a daily basis🤷🏻‍♀️
I work in healthcare with elderly patients and I have seen people’s moms and dads pass away due to covid and they only got to say goodbye through FaceTime or not at all. I wear double masks, gown, gloves, booties, face shield my entire shift without a second thought because I care about the people around me and the patients. This was disappointing to see.
I’m disappointed.
Let’s all unsubscribe
Bro shut up
If everyone tested negative and they're told not to wear masks on a boat I completly understand and as long as he's being safe (which he was) then I don't think anything is wrong. Ya'll really think DR MIKE wouldn't follow the rules??
Lalalalala~ i don't hear anything 😊 🤡
Seriously? My Aunt died over the weekend because of cancer and I couldn't be with her or the rest of my family and her 15 year old daughter to grieve. No, dude your just being selfish. I'm sure your co-workers and patients appreciate this. And you go to where it's basically a hot spot. Also you might want to get a new set of "friends" if they think its smart to travel during a pandemic!
BRUH-  _apology unaccepted_
What you should have said is that every one should also be partying because this quarantine is worse for your health than getting covid... JUST SAY IT. Don't be afraid of getting "canceled" ...own what you know is true and stop feeding this government take over....
I honestly think this was a awful choice especially for a doctor who is most likely constantly around Covid patients but I’m not gonna be a hypocrite we’ve all not worn a mask at one point in the last 8 months (probably on accident but ykyk) but this wasn’t simply a “mistake” it was a choice
And now for a list of people I don't trust no more: A "doctor"
social media is the most hypocritical thing ever, I’m glad that I didn’t choose the path of social media entertainment....What dr mike did was forgivable I mean come on guys... if we really listened to him then we should know he said doctors are human too, i bet probably only less than 5% of ppl  in the comment section actually stayed at home every single day in this almost a year locked down, but if we see someone “famous” went out one time with their friends on their birthday oh man we are not gonna let it go.... I’m not surprised that humanity can get this gross and hypocritical, nothing is more enjoyable to see a successful person going down.The only thing dr mike did wrong was he tried to be a public figure in the first place.... Dave Chapelle says that we are the worst mother fuckers he’s trying to entertain in his whole fucking life lol just kinda resonates with this situation.
I’m so disappointed, I’ve had to unsubscribe because this simply goes again everything you’ve ever said.
I have lost all respect for you now. You couldn't even offer a genuine apology?   This is super scripted, your body language shows youre not genuine either!   You are a doctor saying how important it is to stay home and stay safe because we are fighting an invisible enemy, but youve just gone and done the opposite, all it would have taken was 1 person there to be Asymptomatic and Boom! The 15+ people on that boat all have the virus, your paitents even family  of those  partying with you can get it.   It is nice to see alcohol is more important to you than peoples safety.
Please don't advise people to wear masks while working out. It's dangerous. From the WHO website: "People should NOT wear masks when exercising, as masks may reduce the ability to breathe comfortably. Sweat can make the mask become wet more quickly which makes it difficult to breathe and promotes the growth of microorganisms."
I would’ve understood it if his father’d gotten sick and really needed this hypocrite to look after him. I’d have probably snapped too and risked everything. But he just went to a party...
post this on your main channel, then we’ll talk.
Good for u wearing a mask everywhere BUT your salacious "birthday" PARTY....in MIAMI.   You live alone and yourr not at risk....BUT UR A FRONTLINE DOCTOR.   No lessons to be learned here. U shud have known this before all your wrong choices and the lessons u learned. A 5th grader cud have determined the logic of this situation b4 choosing wrong. Smh
You’re a pretentious sellout doofus. This “apology” only insults our intelligence. Post it on the *main channel* and face the music, “doctor.”
I think a lot of his followers would've respected him and continued supporting him had he uploaded this in his main channel.
Yet another professional hypocrite
Why are people so mad about this, everyone has had a get together with friends, it's been 9 months since the pandemic struck America. He's a doctor he's not stupid and going into it blindly
you should perhaps apologize on your main channel, where people will actually see it
This is incredibly disappointing. You profit hugely off of videos where you give the advice that everyone - including young and low risk people - should wear a mask and stay home. Then you decide that doesn't apply to you and when you're called out on it you make a video justifying it as an "apology". I hope you're aware that your credibility has taken a massive hit.
Oooops apology no accepted
ok, now give the same energy to your main channel sir
This’s a huge disappointment ❌
I love getting GASLIGHT by a medical professional 🥴🤡🤡🤡
Authority like you is why people don’t believe the virus is an issue. WHY would WE believe you when YOU don’t even follow your own rules you make for everyone else ???? If it is really as big of a danger as you lead it on to be, you wouldn’t go against your rules.
I smell BS. You should have started with saying you were selfish and you messed up. That’s it. Practice what you preach and stop trying to make excuses. If you truly believed the science and respected front line workers, you would not have gone. Also, upload this on your real channel instead of hiding. Its actually doing you worse because it raises a lot more red flags
205.000 current cases in the USA, 282.000 death, but glad to know 1 party a year is allowed
Dude... This is really disappointing.
You are a DOCTOR. A person who's  pushing people to wear mask always and STOP partying. Yet you still make it, I understand that you can't just disregard their politeness  but you are an INFLUENCER. You spread words to warn people, but your in the spotlight. You should also apply what you said to others onto yourself, again I'm not hating much I'm just very disappointed by this.
Why isn't this apology on your main channel?
Hypocrite
I didn't know an apology made covid go away, I'll remember that for my next party. Wait, I don't go to parties, because I practise what I preach.   I get that you took every precaution before going to this party, but you can't say others shouldn't party when you yourself do.
This pandemic has really shown us people’s true colors.
COVID a deadly disease were thousands die a day is heartbreaking. The fact that it’s a doctor where he himself said no parties, having over 7 million followers , patients of his in the hospital, all these people lives are at stake and to watch a doctor being the one to even break the rule of a going to a birthday party so many missed because of family dying or even being scared to leave the house is disturbing.I really don’t trust him .
Hypocrite
Read the room sir, cause this ain't it.
The fact that his “little boat party” was bigger than my Thanksgiving family gathering makes me so sad.
the privilege that is radiating off this video lmao. what a hypocrite.
BET: People are going to forget this tomorrow because he's hot.
I'm condemming the action, but I'm liking the video. But yes, it should be on the main channel.
how about u shouldve uploaded this "apology" to ur main channel smh pathetic
Why is it fair that these people can go out and have fun with their friends and family, meanwhile all of us have to be at home, isolated and trapped because we know that going out is risky, we can't see our friends and family at all. And your a Dr, you should know what's right and wrong, no excuse or anything. It doesn't matter how old or young you are, COVID will still affect you. It's people like you Dr that are making this year worse for everybody, people like you are why we lose our loved ones and why we have to stay trapped and isolated.
Put this on your main channel, coward
I love how he's talking about being on our level while talking about getting a fucking yacht as a Birthday present.
It's sad how all of the good he has done up until now has just been forgotten for one mistake, I hope all this cancel culture doesn't erase another good person from the public eye.
“The ones I’m apologizing to are very specific. It’s you who has supported me on this channel.”  This clips channel?  Seriously really bad move not putting this on the main channel. Makes it seem like the goal was to check the “apology vid” box while keeping it under the radar.
So what you are saying, as long as I am young and low risk I can partying with friends on a boat. You represent the "science" so how can you tell us not to attack the science. I think you should be forgiven, humans do mistakes. It just shows what a selfish person you are
to you we are stupid? Bruh gtfo
oof... I've honestly never felt disappointed when a youtuber messed up because I felt like drama is just part of them. But with you, as a voice of reason, that truly hurt. I'm gonne spend my birthday in two weeks completely alone because that's what you and other doctors told us to do. It makes you lose a lot of your credibility. As a normal doctor or a normal person it would be different. You're in the public eye and you have preached the complete opposite of what you did. You put so much THOUGHT in your mistake so I'm not sure you truly regret it? I don't know, I'm not even gonna give it a thumbs up or down, cause I'm just disappointed :(
LMAO. He said don’t use his situation to push the narrative that covid-19 isn’t real. What bullshit. If he really saw so many patients suffering from covid and believed in the science so much he’d have never been out anyway. I will wear my mask when I have to but unlike these politicians and celebrities I won’t pretend to go above and beyond to stay in the house 24/7 or not spend time with those I love.
What he did was completely wrong... Hands down.  It completely makes his message void, (and honestly paints him as a frat guy/player... yikes!).  You have to practice what you preach, especially with a huge platform like this.  However, for all those people who are throwing hate comments at him, how many have stayed home since March?  How many have gone to their families homes, or met up with friends, ate at an outdoor restaurant (in any capacity), gone on group camping trips, traveled across country, and talked it off to safe social distancing?  If you are going to leave hate, go ahead.  Just make sure you aren't also being a hypocrite by judging him for things you've done also.  Also, Dr. Mike.  You should really think about posting this on your main channel.  I know that's probably much harder to do, but I think people would view it as more authentic, and have more respect for the apology.  Just a thought.
Post this on your main channel. Smh
Just wanted to say that if you really cared about the integrity of science then your actions should have reflected that. Instead you gave conspiracy theorists the opportunity to use your poor actions to down play the seriousness of this virus. Your. actions. have. consequences!
As a medical student who's trying his best to see to it that people act correctly during this global health emergency all the while trying to keep up with my studies and the latest research; you've just made my job and that of our seniors significantly tougher. Not only are you someone with literally millions of 'subscribers', you're an MD and should be ashamed. You not only messed up, you didn't even apologize because of what you did, you apologized because you were caught and didn't even publish it on your main channel.   I hope that party was worth it Dr. Mike.
A mistake is when you take a wrong turn while going to work, not partying with more than 15 people in the middle of a pandemic when others who lost loved ones  to COVID-19 can’t even have a funeral. YOU’RE a doctor there are no excuses, and the fact that you uploaded this on your side channel and not your main says a lot  about the person you are. Your birthday shouldn’t be a priority when people are dying. Hypocrite.
Listen up here Mike I will tell you something that everyone is afraid to tell you You got famous bc you look hot to them Not to me but I can see why people can find you attractive so that's why I'm writing this You're a HUGE hypocrite for blocking the account that just shared the videos and photos of you celebrating I haven't seen my family for A WHOLE YEAR bc of the pandemic And in your words you said "no matter how much you're safe just stay home don't go to gatherings,parties etc it's not safe" Do you know I missed celebrating religious holidays with my family? I missed celebrating birthdays with them,or just hugging and seeing them Disappointed is an understatement and you're a doctor who should've known better
do we just have to stop listening to people in power? why can’t any of them be  good people?
Now post this on your main channel like a man so that your fans know what you did. Don't bury this in the sand, you're a doctor own up to it the right way.
he made a mistake. he apologized for his actions. period. i highly doubt that NONE OF YOU have — more than — once, not followed the rules by having family over or not having a mask on when you’re with a bunch of friends.  i bet that most of you haven’t even heard of mikhail until now. instead of bullying people who are genuinely sorry, go harass other yter’s (jake paul, tony lopez, tana mongeau, trisha paydays, and many more) who continue to make unforgivable mistakes over and over yet they still aren’t canceled. THINK BEFORE YOU SAY. instead of trying to make someone literally want to kill themselves, try being nicer. i guarantee that he hates himself a lot right now. all you are doing is adding to that. mikhail is a caring and funny doctor who is also human. humans make mistakes. now be gone.  we stan with mikhail <3
absolute bullshit
Meanwhile, my hospital is at max capacity, we are putting people in hallways, we are running out of ventilators, we work short every bloody day, most of our staff have not seen their family for this whole year, we are asked to cancel vacation this year and next year to keep this place running, some of my co-workers are dead!!!! I spent my birthday alone at home, I haven't gone to a single holiday gathering, I spent this whole bloody long year alone because that is the right thing to do, that is the responsible thing to do. You got millions of views on COVID because people trust the "Dr." in front of your name, what kind of message does this send? You say you care, you sympathize with frontline but planned a party for the whole world to see! 🤦 What do you mean you can't promise you won't make other mistake? Just stay home!!
You're young, don't have health problems, and live alone.... BUT does that apply to all the people on that boat with you? Will they all follow quarantining guidelines after the fact? Judging by the maturity level evident in that picture, clearly they won't. The hypocrisy is appalling.
What's funny is that the boat capacity guidelines state "eight adults maximum" while there are 15 adults in the picture that exposed him. LOL passed medical school but can't count?? Not buying it Dr. Mike, have some respect for the medical community, incl. myself, that watches you.
I don't usually comment on "YouTube drama", but I am so disappointed. I was so excited when your channel popped up because I thought people might start paying attention to the facts and learning things and it seemed like that was your goal as well. Both of my parents are doctors who contracted Covid this year because they were on the front lines. They both have lasting organ damage from it. You are a doctor, and a doctor with leverage. This apology is not enough, especially when it is not on your main channel.
You were in New York hearing hundreds of sirens from ambulances due to COVID and witnessing hundreds dying. How could you risk other people and your patients. You are an embarrassment of a doctor.
Thank you, Dr. Mike! I appreciate that you came forward, and I understand we all make mistakes. Don't let these people tell you otherwise. I'm proud that you looked into the guidelines because most people, honestly wouldn't do that!  We are all human. Stay hydrated, and stay safe 💙
Preach what you practice. I refuse to get safety guidance from someone who does not stay safe them self.
Umm,why is it here? Why isn't it on his main channel? His apology also makes him seem like more of an hypocrite than he sounded in the beginning :/
It's like cutting an ugly bangs in quarantine but trying hard to convince yourself that it looks good on you.
why do you say « ur a doctor » and so what? since when doctors are gods, i never believed blindly in doctors, stop trusting, because you’ll be held as a fool.
You’re human and make mistakes, sure. But the fact you constantly spread the messages of social distancing, staying home etc yet don’t adhere to your own advice is the problem here. I haven’t seen my friends and most of my family since March. When someone I cared for passed away last year I couldn’t get that physical support from people because the virus was just starting. My entire degree has been moved online and it still is. I’m risking my health to gather shopping etc for family members who have been stuck at home since March because they are vulnerable. I live right by the ocean and I’d love to have a boat party but know it isn’t a good idea due to a pandemic. What you did was irresponsible. This should’ve been posted on the main channel. Out of people I’d expect this behaviour from, you weren’t one of them.
I trusted you. I really did. You seemed so authentic and real with a good head on you shoulders that was smart enough to break down ideas for common people to understand. But this is so disappointing, I NEVER thought I'd be you, this just made me not want to trust anyone on the internet again.  I watched with a grain of salt but now I just don't want to be disappointed again.
I don’t know if I should side with him or not- I have forgiven him because you always have to forgive, but it doesn’t mean that this wasn’t wrong
This apology seems genuine but why is this not on his main channel . Remember he's human
The only thing he regrets is getting the backlash for his actions, and the most stupid thing he did is upload this video in his second channel, which once again shows that he is sorry only for getting the backlash.
"For those of you who were doing the right thing the entire time" how patronizing lol. You're literally a doctor making a profit off of a pandemic and seeing sick patients all the time. If anyone should be staying home it is most definitely YOU.
I’m not mad I don’t hate you I’m just disappointed
The only thing he is sorry for, is getting caught lol
YOU DESERVE TO LOOSE YOUR JOB.
This is so disappointing..... My family has struggled with covid for months now. We still have some underlying symptoms and its changed our lives. Do better. You are a medical professional man.....smh
In todays age people will only find nicks and flaws in people to create drama and entertainment. They want to cancel people for views. Y'all give 0 fucks about these people and just want something to watch. Not everyone is going to like his apology because y'alls love being catered like they owe you something 🤔 "Perfect Fans" Never make any mistakes and live in the perfect bubble
Mike’s right about one thing: a COVID denier is already using his Miami trip to downplay the pandemic 😔 He was literally one of the few reliable, educational influencers during COVID, and now he’s just emboldening the anti-maskers
In his wise words “Just stay home”
Seriously? You couldn't post this on your main channel?? I think that alone says a lot about how remorseful you actually are. What you did was incredibly selfish and quite frankly you deserve all the backlash you're getting
lol 😂😂😂😂 Another rules for thee, but not for me phoney!
We have hereby revoked your internet health professional status. From now on your just Mike, the boat party dude.
I’m sorry but you have completely lost my support and respect. As a medical professional you have been preaching about COVID safety and been holding other people and health professionals to a higher standard so simple apology will not suffice. You know how many followers you have and you should have fully thought this through. I truly hope you have realized just how many eyes are on you and how much of an impact you have negative or positive.
I cant believe he still posts regularly on his main channel, such a hypocrite!
God fucking dammit. I looked up to you.
How are we supposed to respect you as real health care professional when you act like all the other influencers? Idk man I see you very differently now.
You're a complete hypocrite, you got caught! Pure and simple! So, would you still be making this apology if you HADN'T got caught.....? How stupid do you think we are? If you were truly sorry you'd own your actions put this on your "main" channel! You're so transparent it's actually insulting!
It looks like an apology from one of the typical beauty gurus. Fake.
Rules for thee, not for me!
Omg you are a doctor mate, i really liked you now i'm disappointed
Rubbish
There are cases in which we can accept the apology considering the fact that humans are erroneous. But this case, a doctor of that stature doing such things which are highly irresponsible is just a setback to all those doctors and nurses who works endlessly during this pandemic. Such a shame to the human kind.
I am a nurse that is being in the front lines from the beginning... I celebrated my birthday and thanksgiving at home, even tho I wanted to go out and see my family and friends. There is not excuse for what you did! Specially with a huge platform like yours.
Did he comment murder, rape, sexual assault, racial profiling something like that? Coz, I saw some comments hating him so much and ready to ruin his whole career which he worked hard for it. So, may be he commited crime which are too severe its impossible to forgive him. Otherwise, simple mistakes are meant to happen by us humans nomater what profession we belong to. Lets not forget we hating someone, wishing bad to others, not understanding and not forgiving at all means we also don't deserve forgiveness if we ever make mistake. God bless all of you. Stay safe and takecare. Lots of love 🙏💝✌️
He did apologize.  He could of just ignored it and just pretending it never happened. He is a person but he realized that what he did was wrong. It is not like he does this 24/7. I will continue to watch Doctor Mike unless he does the same thing over and over again with the same excuse over and over.
Very disappointing! I've been a subscriber for years now but after this he lost all credability for me personally so I unsubscribed 🤷‍♀️
This wasn't a mistake and it was not transparent. You're a liar.
Sometimes you need someone else to point you out the impact of your actions to realize where can you improve, he's a human like everyone else and is humble enough to say sorry out loud and to be willing to change for the better, we don't know his heart and we can't say he's not being truthful
you posted this to your side channel where half of the people could see it, just so you didn’t lose views. you are a doctor yet you were on a boat with 20 other people and put their and your lives all at risk. which is very frightening.
👎
Him: quick! Let me put out a bs apology 😰
If you were sorry, this would be posted to your main channel.
You know what’s sad?   I’m someone who really took COVID 19 very seriously (and still do by the way since I’m someone who has health problems and have family members who currently live with me who has health issues) and I looked up to your channel Doctor Mike so I can be educated so I can keep myself and my family safe but seeing this happening really broke my heart and not only that you posted this “apology” on your secondary channel made me lose pretty much all of my trust for you.   I’m sorry I can’t support someone who took away all of my trust.
Tbh saying sorry and admitting you’re wrong isn’t enough for me...dr Mike has been preaching the “stay home, isolate, don’t do social gatherings” and for what? Just for him to not follow his own advice? I get that he’s not perfect but he is someone with a large following and should at least calculate the risk for those present at the party, and also the reputation of health experts.
I see some comments of how people think it's mean to critisize him, And I want to say this:  He deserves to be critisized because what he did was stupid and you could tell he wasn't sorry, That apology was an insult to us because he actually believes we are stupid enough to believe it. And he wasn't taking accountability.        Not an original comment:              "I'm young, And have no health conditions", So am I Mikhail, But I still stay at home. And I haven't gone on a Yaht in Miami yet.
A doctor can't afford to make mistakes Mike. Your job is to help people, and you're putting others lives at risk. What kind of doctor does that? 😷 Seriously?
Unsub
As bad as a politician. Hypocrite.
Why is everybody leaving hate comments when someone says sorry accept it and move on saying he got caught won’t change what happened and all of you Commenting this hate do u seriously take the pandemic seriously or u just remember there is pandemic when you see someone having fun and u want them to get canceled and see them getting ruined coz all of you people who are Canceling people are just looking for a simple mistake to Ruin people’s carrier so plz don’t do or say things you  Don’t want to be said to you
I've been a loyal fan for years. I don't accept your apology. If that's what you want to call this.
Why is everybody leaving hate comments when someone says sorry accept it and move on saying he got caught won’t change what happened and all of you Commenting this hate do u seriously take the pandemic seriously or u just remember there is pandemic when you see someone having fun and u want them to get canceled and see them getting ruined coz all of you people who are Canceling people are just looking for a simple mistake to Ruin people’s carrier so plz don’t do or say things you  Don’t want to be said to you
JESUS CHRIST LOVES YOU AND CARES FOR YOU HAVE A GOOD DAY EVERYONE
Some of these people commenting... 🙄
Thanks Dr Mike for not living in Victoria Australia where we were in hard lockdown for more than 112 days with mandatory mask wearing inside and outside and now we have 0 cases for 37days one reason I know being our health professionals took it seriously......
1:28 “I live alone so I don’t put anyone else at risk” I’m sorry???? Are you forgetting that you are a DOCTOR??? who comes in contact with countless numbers of at risk patients every single time you go to work??? I personally don’t watch your channel so correct me if I’m wrong but saying you don’t put anyone at risk is completely false
He's just being like: Even though I did the complete opposite of what I advised people to, and was totally irresponsible and stupid, aren't I allowed to have fun too from time to time??!
He is not different than the politicians, law for thee not for me.
Com´on we all make mistakes. Due to this pandemic and all those quarantines days which brought hardship\fraustrations to us, we would also like to have fun if we get chance and if we know its safe. If we have done all the research and if its safe we would also go for party like Dr mike attended. He is also human like us after all and he works harder than us so, he got excited when he was gifted yatch party by his friend. Anyways, Lets forgive and forget. I dont know why nowadays we have become more angry easily and we get offended too quickly for simple reasons. Actually intention matters the most I think so. If we make mistake but it was unintentional and was not meant to harm anyone from our heart, I don't like to blame and hate that person. Well, we all are effected by this pendamic more or less, rich or poor. So, Hope this pandemic gets over soon as possible. Im so upset and fraustrated at this point due to what it has done into my life. Anyways, Please stay safe and takecare. Lots of love to you all. God bless you all. Stay strong. we all will get through this together🙏✌️🙆💝💖🌺✝️
What a pathetic “apology” video. I get the temptation. I’m a healthcare worker and I’m so sick of isolating, but I can’t risk exposing my patients, or my family. Did you even quarantine after coming back? You have a huge platform, you have a responsibility to model the behavior us healthcare workers keep begging the public to follow. You let us all down.
He probably mad at them females now lol
What a fucking disappointment.
HYPOCRITE HYPOCRITE HYPOCRITE
cute apology *unsubscribes*
i’m *leaving* 🚪🚶‍♀️
You know what the most bullshit thing is? I’m with so many of these types of people in med school. Future doctors who are way too focused on the impact this pandemic has had on them and their social lives. You’re a hypocrite and what’s worse that that is you’re a hypocrite in the public eye. You have a lot of people looking up to you as an educated figure, who supplies factual information. Now that trust is broken. Really disappointing
This video should be titled "Admitting that I was caught"
So disappointing
Why isn’t this on the main channel 🤔
Honestly, he's human. He's gonna make mistakes.
Stay home be safe...
So private boat, outside, very well ventilated. A group of people you know, trust and can warn you to go in isolation if they get symptoms. A doctor that self isolated before and after having a party. A doctor that gets tested a lot.   Yes social distancing is important. Yes mask can help reduce the spread of a virus. Yet if a man that has worked front line in the past year has a party everyone loses their minds. Its not a rally with 1000+ people, its not a badly ventilated indoor area, its not seing patients with actual covid symptoms, its not a theater where you know no one. He stayed alert yet still relaxed because he partied in an outdoor space with friends. Social distancing does not mean not meeting anyone ever. He did what he said, stay alert not anxietous. Most people go out and meet friends and family if they are symptome free. (Plus having no human contact at all increases symptomes of depression, anxiety and other mental illnesses.) Cancelling a doctor for doing the same is stupid imo.
This is hilarious.  Mariah Carey who's a singer has taken this pandemic seriously  but a Doctor who should know better is up to no good
Sure I understand we are human and we make mistakes but this is not good enough trying to justify your actions is not good enough you are  Doctor you criticize so much the media other doctors but you can't lead by example.  You made that and it's sad you because yes you just gave leverage to those who don't believe in science.
“Supported me on this channel” I didn’t know this channel existed until I heard about this apology. What about the apology/recognition to the people you could/might have gotten infected on your travels back to NY. Just because your group was tested/quarantined doesn’t mean everyone was clear. What about the boat staff? Were they tested/quarantined? Ugh! This is so frustrating, I haven’t left my house since March except for essential reasons. And when I did I ALWAYS had a mask (not a T-shirt under my nose), kept at least 6’ away to protect others because that’s our job!!!! I didn’t have Thanksgiving with my family and probably won’t have Christmas either. But you’re above all that! I respect you for what you do as a doctor but what the F dude?!?
Umm shouldn't this be on his main channel!??!
Why isn't this on your main channel?
he talks about how this is a challenging time and that we still need to be cautious and aware and stay safe. yet he goes out, disregarding what he says, and puts himself, his friends, his patients all at risk. regardless if they have COVID the utter lack of his own self as well as the true hypocrisy he portrayed is what is truly shocking. yes, this is a challenging time, yes we all have different ways of coping with it, however we aren’t privileged like you man. we don’t have the luxury of going out, we don’t have the accessibility to do whatever we want disregarding all rules. you messed up. and you have admitted that. but rather doing it on this channel, do it on your main where more people are aware. it’s a shame seeing this, from a doctor too man.
I didn't know about the existence of this apology till I saw the situation on a drama channel. As a medical student who lives with people with a high risk of covid, I am deeply disappointed in him.  As a medical professional who sees covid cases daily, he should know the repercussions of getting himself and others infected the most.  If you are telling people not to party, because the risk of the virus spreading are too high, you SHOULD NOT be partying, even if your friends surprise you with a private boat, cause you know the risks. Many people are not celebrating their birthdays because they know of the risks of covid (and also as the numbers are increasing in the USA, you should take extra consideration in not partying) and are trying to control this pandemic. Even if your friends and your test were negative before and after the trip, partying during a pandemic doesn't make it okey. I will definitely be unsubscribing from your channel, as I don't want to endorse hypocrisy.
Why didn't you post this apology on your main channel?
Key lesson: never get caught
Wait a minute...my kids are about to miss their birthday parties(again, for the 2nd yr in a row) but you got to celebrate yours? Tell me how that's ok. I have a lot of respect for you but I'm struggling here, bud. I'm disappointed that you surround yourself with people that are still partying(or thought it was ok to party even once, if that's the case which I doubt) while so many people have lost their lives. And while our healthcare workers are BEGGING us not to do the very thing you just did. You could have said no, not this year. You'll likely live to see another bday, but my uncle who died from covid in march, will not.
Clearly you lost all your credibility beacuse of this. This just shows you're not genuine with your content and just here for the clout
As someone that hasn't been able to even have funerals for the seven of my friends and family that passed away this year, had one set of friends have a virtual wedding I was lucky enough to attend, however, had two other weddings canceled, haven't been able to travel to see my godchildren or my sister who lost her home due to the pandemic and moved back to my state to be closer to our family, and have put off non-emergency surgery twice, I'm so glad you got to have a birthday party!   This is the most patronizing, foul excuse for an apology I've ever seen. If you wanted to be held accountable, you'd post this on your main channel but no no, can't let 6.5 million people know you don't care about their health and didn't mean it when you say to just stay home unless you're an essential worker. It's fine if the 70K people know you didn't mean it when you said to wear a mask and social distance though! This channel doesn't get you sponsorships and plastered all over TV, does it?
People treat you like a god. You made a mistake - you learned from it
Im so disappointed in you, i can't even go to my grandma's funeral and you're over here partying? Are you serious right now?
Ok Dr. Mike what you did was not cool but I can’t keep a grudge. You helped me and many people who don’t want to mention it because they are blinded by a rage that has nothing to do with them because it will most likely never affect them. Your mistake was a mistake I don’t want to believe everything that you say 100% but I know there is some truth in it. All the people that are saying this is a terrible apology are the same people that say everything is terrible but behind the screen are still having party’s. I just hope your safe and the people around you.
the thing that just rubs me the wrong way is that he has been preaching to stay at home for months and then does this. don't preach if you can't follow it yourself.
If he just said “I’m a hypocrite because I’m telling you to do something I didn’t do” done. It’s that simple.
Allright yall, pandemic is FINALLY over. We can partying again cause doctor has approved it. Yay, see ya at the beach!
That's embarrassing.
Maybe decline the offer when your friends ask you to go on a boat maskless
Hearing this news just ruined my day. As if working in essential retail doesn’t do that enough already.   I am so deeply disappointed. The recklessness all for some Instagram models. Unbelievable. Shameful. Do better. Be better. You have a huge platform and yet you decide to post it on the lesser known one.
to all the ugly trolls leaving nasty comments, please stop. you arent going to go far in life just from putting someone down, its rude and totally unnecessary to see
Post on ur main channel please
Loser, dare posting this on your main channel
I guess partying with friends and girls who only care about Instagram popularity are worth more than your facts on what’s going on in the world. I haven’t partied in a year either. Grow up.
we do not care
He needs to be cancelled. Considering what field he is in, he knew everything he had to and had no excuses..... Would hate for this guy to be anywhere near patients who are taking the pandemic seriously.
HYPOCRACY AT ITS FINEST LOL
Doctor Mike, I respected you and your work so much you had admirable characteristics that a lot of doctors lack, however, I must say because of your ignorance and hypocrisy I no longer have any respect for you, your work, and your values because it’s clear that you lack any of that because you got caught. Thank you for your apology, but I don’t accept it, to each their own who believe this manipulative liar.
man, dude, bro, just no
If you're really sorry you should put ur apology on the main channel where most of ur audience is,most people dnt even knw ur second channel
The plp that you’re saying sorry are also on your other channel buddy........
I had to miss so many events due to covid . I couldn’t have my 13th birthday that I wanted . I couldn’t see my friends . I had to miss my cousins 5th birthday and that was such a huge deal to me because he means the world . I probably can’t have my 8th grade graduation . You easily could have just not had your Birthday party . Mike this was not a mistake this was purely you being a hypocrite.  Edit : I also had to miss my best friend’s birthdays . That was the shittiest thing ever . They have done so much so guess what . I couldn’t go and do anything .
didn't expect him to do something like this. i'm really disappointed.
Right. To all the people saying ‘he’s not sorry for what he did he’s just sorry he got caught’ actually shut up. How do you know? Do you know him personally? No! Can you read minds? No! How do you know that he’s not genuinely sorry hm? Yeah I get it he’s a doctor and he shouldn’t have done what he did. He messed up and he apologised for it, and all you’re doing is saying the same thing everyone says about all apologies on this bloody platform. “They’re just sorry they got caught” your basically saying that EVERYONE who apologises for doing something wrong, is just sorry they got caught. and for all I know he may not be genuinely sorry, but how would you know that? Exactly, you don’t. So just Shutup. And stop watching his channel. Simple. And tbh I don’t care if I get hate for this, but you all are just being rude at this point
what I hate the most in this world is a hypocrite...
I guess we know why Hippocrates was named the father of medicine...
You are full of it man....hypocrite and irresponsible. You got caught being a lying hypocrite and now you’re not even regretful.
Please post this on your main channel where it should actually live. I only followed this channel today. I live in a low risk country but I still don't dare do anything without a mask, or be with more than 6 people. You're not fully grasping the impact of your choices. It doesn't matter if your party was safe or if you live alone.
Me has no birthday party 👎🙅 him having the time of his life me 👁👄👁 but at least he is admitting when he is wrong 😁 we love that
Its ok Doc, we all make mistakes. But those mistakes don't have to define us for the rest of our lives. Criticising is easy, apologising takes guts. Haters will be haters. F**k them !!
Fame, power  and a fat bank account can change anyone.
How was the party mike?
Oh dr mike 🤦🏻‍♀️ you stepped in some ish
Joh this video has a lot of dislikes
Boo stfu you're just apologizing because you got caught  hope you catch covid ❤
Post on your main channel this is a cop out
He should've post this on his main channel, I still understand what he was saying, but this doesn't show that he is actually sorry. So doctor Mike, be better!
why is there so many likes in this, even though the comments are saying otherwise 🤔
Ah yes.  An acute case of do as I say not as I do
thisis so irresponisble and hypocritical of you, im disappointed
This is not cool at all.
Does this mean FIG gets uncanceled?
He got tested when he got back to ny, everyone on that yacht, plane, and even his own dad wouldn’t have been fucked over if he had tested positive.
Guys I know he made a mistake but just calm down with the hate comments he went to a party... Big deal there is much bigger things we need to focus on.
lmao you’re just sorry you were caught. The fact that you did all that research before bc you were feeling nervous about it and STILL went through with it. That’s not mistake, you thought it through and decided to do it. How can people trust you as a doctor if you blatantly ignore a PANDEMIC. I hope to god you waited 2-3 weeks before seeing any patients bc otherwise you weren’t just putting yourself at risk dumbass.
I think you understand your fault, but pls DON'T DO IT AGAIN, and think before to do an action ,because can influence the others
My question is... why didn’t you post this on your main channel?
Lmao I’m glad I never idolised this “celebrity health person”
if you’re going to work still aren’t you putting more than just yourself at risk?
I‘m so pissed rn. Like it‘s just another youtuber apology saying he needs to do better but in fact he‘s just sorry for getting caught.
We can't "stay happy and healthy" if people like you keep partying...
So is it “individual risk” or is it collective, “if you go out in groups you’re putting the vulnerable at risk”. I don’t care which one you believe, I just need you to be honest because nurses like me haven’t gotten to see their families this whole year and won’t until the vaccine is distributed 🤷🏻‍♀️
🙄🙄🙄
Well I'm wondering if all you self-proclaimed non-hypocrites hiding behind your fake profile names did all the measures perfectly... I know you didn't, and that's normal, but what you should be doing is help this world be a better place and help each other act better during this tiring times. You all forgot that dr. Mike is not a robot, he's a real person, like you and me, and he also makes mistakes. Stop expecting from him to act perfectly, to follow all your protocols just because he's a doctor. What he should be doing is trying to be a better person, and I don't know if that's what he's doing in his life, but I surely know that hate is not going to help make this world a better place.
Dude.... Medical professionals are facing disciplinary action for breaching COVID restrictions because it puts patients at risk.  I can't believe how casual you are about this, you haven't even said that you won't do it again 🤣
To be honest, I ain’t even mad. It’s not as if he didn’t do what every other person in this comment section hasn’t done- hang out with friends without a mask. Yes, as a doctor it was a bit hypocritical, and yes this apology should be in his main Chanel. But give the man a break, he’s done more for the people diagnosed with Covid than you.
Are masks really important ?????? I swear to god I'm not even sure anymore. If it was THIS important, he would have wore one.
All the SJWs here going off on him and cancelling him like they haven't taken off their mask. A doctor will always encourage healthy guidelines because it's his or her job, but don't expect everyone to not make mistakes. I work at a hospital and doctors will take off their masks and have lunch together. Stop acting like you yourself are personally victimized and your life is ruined because he went out with a mask-- it's not that deep. You're just complaining to score points. He did something wrong and owned up to it. Stop making it a big deal and move on with your lives.
For the sexiest doctor alive, you sure lack the balls to post this on your main channel
I mean, like, I'm not a peasant like the rest of you, so like, I guess I'm sorry or whatever. Tens of thousands of extra children starve to death cause we don't want gam gam to get the cold, and psychopaths like him can't even bother not going on a boat rager. What a role model. Can't even have the stones to post his flaccid apology on his main channel, cowardly hypocrite.
Like you said,you are also human after all and this shouldn't make anyone or any of us deny the effectiveness of the mask to the pandemic unless he who  doesn't value his life and health,cuz I am sure no one would want to be caught with it. So stay cool and continue the good work you've worked so hard for and don't let this one single mistake gets to you or weigh you down, remember you had Ur life and friends first before you became a public figure. God bless 💖
Posting in your smaller channel makes it that you did not mean the words you said. Post it in your main channel or this hate will get even more out of hand.
Okay so he is at fault he messed up and we all know it and even this is not a good enough apology well this happened what are we going to do about itwe just all have to learn from this  ik he disappointed everyone I looked up to him I'm disappointed too I feel you but as he said he's a human we make mistakes  I'm not defending anyone here but he really messed up and I'm not sure if he feels guilty but Ik he is I'm not taking sides here but he was wrong admitted it and feels bad already the hate oh wait till you see all the hate It doesn't make it any better for him it makes it even worse  but we just can't undo what is done so here we are now
Mike.....I will say this, everyone is human....and everyone has done something that they wish they could take back. One of the only differences is that your basically a celebrity and all your moves are for the world to see. I see a lot of anger on here and I think it is mainly hyper focused, and concentrated because of the way you’ve held yourself up till now...and I can understand the hurt many could feel at finding out you slipped. I can’t say I’m not a little disappointed....but I can say that I for one can forgive you. I can forgive you because I have done things in my life that I am not proud of that people have forgiven me for. I can forgive you because I am also fallible. I’m not EXCUSING your behaviour.....but because of all the great things you have done for millions of people, all the help you’ve brought to so many people’s lives, and all the care you’ve shown everyone. I’m, disappointed......but I’m not without any doubt that you will try to make up for slip and that you’ll find a way to fix it. If a family can forgive a convict, surely your YouTube family will be able to forgive you not wearing a mask. They aren’t the same....but I’m hoping eventually people will weight the pros and cons from all that you’ve done and learn to forgive. We can’t lose a good doctor, your a good decent doctor and we would be better off having you around on here then not at all. Please try to understand that I expect you to do better.    Also, happy early Christmas if you celebrate it.
I am 15 while resting I had 155 heart rate my doctor sent me to emergency because of a high heart rate and chest pains and I had a high heart rate a lot of the time I still do there in the ward they done some tests and I said I can’t breathe through my nose which came out to be enlarged turbinates and all they said is to try breathe through my nose and sent me home after a day  should I go back because it’s still racing and I get chest pains quite frequently
You contributed to the smooth brain conspiracies and bullsh*t  and also posting this on your smaller channel because you don't want your main channel affected just shows where your priorities are. You're sorry and blah blah blah... all I see and hear is shallowness and empty words.
In my opinion, if he's really in quarantine and so is everyone else, the biggest problem is the pictures. There are people following him and having him as an example - even kids. And they might go "well dr Mike had a birthday party too"  Also... NOT having a party on a boat is pretty easy isn't it?
Everytime I read "boat party" I first read "borat party" in the comments
the dislike bar getting better
Why is people always looking for someone to hate? Even he did something wrong I can't judge him because anyone is perfect.
This is a superficial and narcissistic apology. A real apology would be: donate all of the money you have earned from your videos during the pandemic (profiting personally by pretending to be a role model physician) to COVID relief. Spend the time you spend on social media instead caring for COVID patients to reduce the extra burden you have placed on your fellow healthcare workers through your actions. And make an effort to elevate the voices and actions of those healthcare workers who are actual role models, rather than continuing to fuel your own ego.
You don't take it serious, all credibility lost
It's gonna take some time to rebuild that trust we had for you.
Yes, what he did was wrong but the persons in the comments dragging him are no better. He could've easily just ignored the media and forget about making any apology video but he decided to take responsibility for his actions and still made it. Lots of celebrities have messed up during this pandemic and no one bashed them the way they bashed him. From what I've seen, most of these commenters aren't even people who watch his videos, they're just persons who have something against him and want to see him fail. But he never will. He is successful and will continue to do great things.
This is good enough for me. You are amazing and don't deserve all this hate! Thank you doctor Mike!
if you’re going to make an apology video i think you should actually apologize and leave it at that. stop trying to make it seem like what you did wasn’t that bad because you were “following the guidelines”. no tf you weren’t stop lying. surprised you haven’t deleted or shut off your comments tho so i guess good on you for that.
Sir you’re a doctor lmao
As a COVID-19 Positive patient from Indonesia (yes, right now is the 4th days of my isolation in local hospital), I'm so upset and extremelly dissapointed with the course of action that has been carelessly taken by Doctor Mike. He seems defending himself (through his "apology" video) by saying: "I'm young, doesn't have comorbidity, and I do healthy lifestyle (diets, workout, etc)."  Okay, I'll tell you this, I'm also young (early 20) lad and either have no comorbidity, but before that, for a week I felt several symptoms such as: lost my smell and appetite, headache and dizziness, lastly I had flu. On December 1, the Swab test result came out and it was POSITIVE.  Not only me who received the result, but my Mother (65 years old) got too and was POSITIVE. I witness with my own eyes that it's been really difficult and devastating for my Mom in her age bearing this kind of virus. She has additional diseases (comorbidity), e.g. acute Asthma and severe Hyperthropic Cardiomyopathy--which is a medical condition where the heart muscles become abnormally thick followed/caused of Hypertension. The doctor advises Mom to use oxygen tube (to help her breathing) and she's being infused with vitamin or any other medicine drips. So, if Doctor Mike was nonchalantly made a statement that "he WILL be FINE (not infected) because he's YOUNG", then I shall say HE'S TOTALLY WRONG! Dear Doctor Mike, I don't care if you cross the line (CDC guidelines, etc) when your job is a non-medical influencer (actor, celebrity, president of US, whatever they are), BUT.... you're a CERTIFIED PHYSICIST. I suppose you must be SMARTER and WISER than me (this pathetic dumb young adult woman). I hope you've learned from your mistake, Sir! Unless if you VOLUNTARILY want to feel the experience as a Positive COVID-19 patient as well. 😄 ( I don't care how handsome, sexy, and muscular you are... I'm a fat uggo and probably I'm out of your league tho' )  P.S. Tommorow (December 7) as scheduled, Mom and I will have our second Swabs, hopefully we both will be NEGATIVE. 🙏🏻
Can’t tell witch apology is worse this one or the governor of California.
there’s so many things wrong with this video
Honestly, these hypocrites only apologize because they got caught! Don’t be telling other people how to live while these people themselves (Dr. Mike, Governor Newsom, Mayor Hancock,...) are not even practicing what they preached, I’m such disappointed! Disgusting.
Why do people feel like they deserve an apology? It’s his life. He did nothing to you personally and what he did just proves that he’s a hypocrite not a bad doctor. Doctors make mistakes! He mad a bad call, oh well. No one died!  Those who are fucken perfect please raise your stupid hand?!
An apology coated with excuses is not an apology.
This hurts my soul. I really had a lot of respect for Mike...  Unfortunately this apology is quite terrible AND on this secondary channel :/
So what if the guy wants to party with no mask or anything. It's none of your business. Let him have fun and worry about your own life
Whoa, dude. I thought you said you went to visit your parents. I just saw the photos. You went to party? What the heck?
Do this on your main channel, not the side channel. By not posting it alongside the majority of your other YT comment, it continues to be shady.
This is an apology that needs a redo. #1 not all of the guidelines were followed and he didn't acknowledge that. #2 he didn't accept any true mistake or responsibility. He said "I'm sorry I messed up" followed with excuses about claiming he didn't mess up. If all you talk about is the precautions you took when it's the lack of precautions that are being called into question, that's not responsible it's defensive and disgustingly childish. And finally #3 even if it is your own mistake, if you care about awareness of c19 and the risks you cannot try to hide this on a lesser channel just so you can say look I did apologize without having to deal with the backlash on your main channel. And finally#4 I might agree with you but THIS IS NOT THE TIME TO SHAME YOUR VIEWERS. It's not about the comments section deligitamising c19, it's about how you messed up and made their words more trustworthy than yours. You did make a mistake but this is not owning up to it. There is a proper way to handle this and it's very simple. "I'm sorry, I messed up I didn't follow the guidelines, as a youtuber who is trusted as a doctor I should be more careful and you deserve better. Here is some kind of proof that I am taking action to not make the same mistake again" and end it. No blame, no pity party, no excuses.
Oh I had no idea about this channel. Why post an 'apology' where subs have to look for it?  Your 'apology' seems insincere DR Mike.  Are you trying to save face?  You taking a risk does not consider your colleagues, patients or your Dad But then we all mess up. Your bar is set high
Man! The fact that you posted it here makes it so much worse! I had no idea you have a 2nd channel until I saw the comments on the main channel. Whoever advised you to do this doesn’t have your interest at heart! We got the message but the strategy to put the message out is absolutely wrong!
“When I see bad actors..” are you looking in a mirror? Dude, think of your immune compromised patients. What the hell, man?
You're not admitting you're wrong, this is just a list of excuses. You didn't even put this on your main channel. You're a liar and a coward.
Does going without a mask AND partying during a pandemic really considered an accidental slip up/mistake, especially for an educated doctor? You can drop the facade now, frat boy
Wasn't it painful to look at the picture when it was litteraly filled with thots
Post it on your main channel. This makes the effort less genuine, in my opinion.
I'm so disappointed at you Dr. Mike. This literally made me tear up, you've been my inspiration, I'm not sure if I'm going to be a doctor in the future, but I'm still trying to work things out.  Since I was interested in entering the medical field in the future, I came across your channel. Your videos are very educational and inspired me that maybe, I can be a doctor. I watched your videos regarding the pandemic. And to be completely honest I would've believed some conspiracy stories out there but your videos debunked those and yes i believed you. I'm still young, 14, and i'm so sorry but all i feel right now is disappointment, this must took a mental toll on you sir, but i'm sorry i feel betrayed right now.
I get we’re all hating on what this guy did but I really hope y’all smart enough to distinguish between what he did and what he’d been advocating for.  Let’s not forget the pandemic is very much REAL. People dying is REAL. Wearing masks, washing hands, and social distancing save lives, including our owns.
This is absolute nonsense.  One of my mom's close friends died recently, she had to attend the funeral on a zoom call. I used to visit my aunt and grandma every single week, now i can only FaceTime them. my parents are lucky they even have jobs, because my mom owns a business an my dad works around coding and app making. I am lucky to even be alive, so many people died because of people like Dr Mike. if we were handling the situation properly, wearing a mask, social distancing and one of the most important, staying at home in quarantine. Yet somehow people like this just dont seem to care. if everyone was doing their part, this virus would not be as big of a threat, but there is always a person like him that has to ruin it for everyone.
Mike, why do you continue to put yourself in immature environments in the first place? You are a renowed medical  doctor speaking about health issues on global network broadcasts
He's a celebrity, the rules are not for him!
So much for trust AND keeping others safe!
They did not take your flaunting no mask. you GAVE all the covid deniers ammo. Very disappointed!!!!
Dang this is just disappointing, starting off an apology saying "this pandemic is taking a toll on all of us" is just insulting. If you're really scared that your actions will affect the message that you're putting out to the general public this video should've been uploaded on your main channel because the "medical message" you're trying so hard to protect is on there.
42k likes and 40k dislikes Mike. Overall I'm just disappointed. It's not even fully what you did. It's how badly you handled it and seeing what immature environments you continue to put yourself in.
Ok i think the only good thing about him was that because of his looks, people were drawn to his videos and listened to his advice, which is good. Educating the uneducated about the importance of masks, hand washing, and social distancing is important. That’s why it sucks to see he did this. Other than that, I’ve never had any respect for this guy.
Y'all need to chill, he's a young guy who makes mistakes (everybody does), yes he didn't consider the consequences (nor the responsibility he has as a doctor and a youtuber), but I think he's smart enough to learn from it. You're just fueling the haters.
Yep. Hard to believe. After the isolated we have had, this year, he messes up. Got caught lol
Hypocrite
I have nothing to say other than that i am extremely dissapointed, more than i thought i would be considering i dont know you in real life.
Is it just me or does it sound like he's trying to do the least amount of apologizing possible.  Like dude, your just defending yourself. "I am human, I make mistakes" that is fine but not when your mistake can cost somebody their life. And he needs to start taking more accountability, He should've put this on his main channel, Because I have NEVER hears of this channel until someone put the name in the comments on his main channel's video. This to me looks like he's trying to apologize to the least amount of people possible and get the least hate, TAKE SOME ACCOUNTABILITY!!
That's why y'all should not support people based on their looks. Y'all simped on this dude so hard he thinks he's god now 🙄🙄
I’m annoyed that he posted this apology on his 2nd channel. Practice what you preach. Posting this video on your 2nd channel really to me just doesn’t count as an apology. Really disrespectful to your fellow healthcare professionals.
I am disappointed in you honestly I used believe everything you say and enjoy your content now everything you say will sound like a lie to me ... 😔 no people are reliable in the internet anymore thank you for showing me that ..
this apology is a no for me
How are you gonna make videos bashing people for being irresponsible, then doing the same thing as a medical professional 💀
Honestly I am here for the science and informative content. Couldn't care less.
nothing like condescending to everyone who dares to meet up with people or has different opinions than you about the virus, and then doing the same thing yourself. it is rlly entertaining to see how this supposed ‘virus’, is constantly showing how charismatic leaders are all so full of lies.
DISAPPOINTING
I really couldn't care less, his content remains unaffected by any of this. He's still the person I and you all subbed too, go cry about some other bullshit
Mike, admit it. Boobs make you go stupid and throw away your career as an influencer. Had it been a bunch of average joes and Janes in regular street clothes, I bet you wouldn't have been so dumb. Unsubscribing cause apparently you have no integrity and are just as much as a pig as every dumb jock out there.
How many people preaching to others disparaging & disparaging others who doesn't agree are getting caught ..
We love you Dr Mike and I really appreciate how to admitted your mistakes.
Can I say this . He is a human just like us.  We go to grocery stores , malls , out to eat , clubbing . School etc all right at this moment we weigh our risks and he did to . Stop being high and mighty everyone .this man doesn't need to be caged up because he is a doctor . Let him live . Yall just mad cuz u couldn't get on a private yacht and party
You are a doctor!!! You tell people to social distance and to stay home and then you go and slap them in the face while on your boat. Come on!! 🤦🏻‍♀️
Didn't have the courage to post this on your main channel, huh? You're just bitter because  you got caught and felt pressured to make this video, which is 4 minutes of total B.S. BTW (a 4th grader could lie better than this).
Well, that was an easy unsubscribe. So many egregious mistakes from this  1. You didn’t put it out on your main channel so fewer people saw it. I wouldn’t have even known that you had done this if it wasn’t for a Reddit comment I saw that referenced the photo as posted on r/IAmATotalPieceOfShit.   2. The fact that you’re only trying to make it look less worse rather than apologising for doing it in the first place, and that after months of telling people to stay home to avoid spreading it. It’s not “I’m sorry for my lapse in judgment and consistency in my messages and I should never have done this”, it’s “I’m sorry that I got caught and here’s why it wasn’t that bad”. You wouldn’t have had to calculate the risk of wearing a mask on a boat if you just hadn’t been on the boat in the first place.  Again this comes back to point 1 which is that you were only caring about image in this apology, not the act or your morals  3. You only cared about your personal risks rather than factoring in the chance of you getting it and spreading it to high risk people. It was the same sort of “I’ll most likely be fine so therefore it’s ok for me to do this” selfishness that you used to call out, with no regard for the people who won’t be OK if they get it from you.
I am so disappointed in you Dr.Mike, I looked up to you but now all my admiration for you has disappeared because of your hypocrisy.
Wow, lost all respect for you, you're a massive hypocrite.
Rule for thee, not for me.
I haven't seen anyone use what happened to undermine the legitimacy of COVID though? 99% of what I see is people appalled at the hypocrisy, and calling it another instance of someone financially secure and living relatively comfortably turning around and being reckless because "/I/ am not in the high risk group".  And if you were truly concerned you were being falsely used as a COVID conspiracy poster-child, why post this on a side channel..?  My father is also a doctor, and he's also in the top risk group. If he contracts COVID, he's dead. I worry about him constantly, every time he tells me he's at work, every time I hear he's on his way to locums. My stomach turns every time I hear COVID numbers for our state.  I genuinely don't understand the logic of "I am not in the high risk group so..." Like no I don't care. Congratulations, YOU will probably be ok. But your parents, grandparents, neighbors, and the old lady you sat next to on the subway might not be. For me it's not the party that enrages me as much as it is seeing a licensed Dr. use the same bullshit jargon to soften his actions that I see youtube celebrities using. Like what? You made a mistake and that made me disappointed. But to address it in this manner blows my mind...come on...this is such a backhanded apology and it's not ok.
Honestly.. as a someone who adores Dr Mike and his med vids, i was disappointed at first when i saw at the apology video. Upon deeper consideration, many comments i was looking through was attacking him as a person as a doctor.. perhaps taking a step back and think about the situation that might have lead him to commit this mistake aka fundamental attribution error (a tendency for people to under-emphasize situational explanations for his behavior while over-emphasizing personality-based explanations for his behavior. ) While i was kinda curious why he doesn't put it on his main channel, but we should see that he is still a human being and a famous Youtube Dr at that. There are people who are not wearing mask while on protest , or even on daily basis while they were out about their daily lives. But we don't really see them being publically criticised or shamed. Its wrong. But its for him and for us to learn from it and move on. Rather than to keep criticising him and cancelled him. Its human to contradict our own actions. Yes he recognised his error and apologised for it. That takes guts really to own up things publically a place where it can never be completely deleted. Perhaps we can recognise the good he has done through his channel advocating and disrupting medical myths. Trying to educate people about dangerous plastic surgery etc.. Dr Mike really have a strong influence like millions of subscribers so yes as Dr A said. He shouldn't be cancelled for the better general medical knowledge of population. Don't we too hope for others to be with us when we made a mistake and so we can move on and change for the better?
Tv doctors are a joke. Dr. Mike, you are a clown.
it's coming off as "why was I worried in the first place?", I look up to Doc Mike when it comes to this time because he was a fervent supporter of Covid protocols. "He clearly is not worried, why should I?" I missed my birthday last Nov 3 because of this, I should've gone out and party! It was depressing enough not to be able to get out, let alone be separated from my family and friends when I can party all along???
What an idiot! Probably you don't feel shame about it and this video was only to play a victim role.
You’re a doctor, do better...
Almost had a mental breakdown not going out during this pandemic. Nice to know someone from the medical profession sets an example like this. Pretty doctor, very disappointing to see this.
should of just say sorry. instead justifying it with a whole video. take the L. you the bad actor here my boy
Some people are trying to cover up the blunder he did by saying- HUMANS ARE NOT PERFECT...lmfao.
No one's talking about how irrational his friends are. Lowkey I feel like they are trying to drag Dr Mike down...
we have all trusted dr mike for years and years, and you guys can’t manage him one mistake 🤡
Mike... Please post this on the main channel i love you man I've even included you as someone to follow in my covid-19 videos so please just own it up we all forgive you but accept the situation. And do it , it happens you made a mistake a big one but its okay but own up to it the maximum. Thank you if you did
Isn't the hate getting sorta out of hand now? I get it, this is certainly an irresponsible act coming from him and his apology may not seem enough. But one wrong act shouldn't be enough discredit the amount of good influence he has had. People are getting tired of not meeting each other and although he's a doctor, he's human too, so as he said he was definitely ecstatic to go- which probably clouded his judgement. He is wrong, but all these people calling him out for this one act, when something similar has been done by most people (at a much smaller scale mostly- just not following all the guidelines), seems a bit much to me. It's an error many of us have made, simply magnified due to his position.
Whatever a “bad actor” does or says, it’s not enough to make you a victim.  Please stop acting like a victim.  It’s not killing you.  And if you don’t like conspiracy theories, then don’t fuel them.  Maybe you had a bias when you went looking for guidelines that allowed you to do this.  Maybe it was more choice than mistake.  People in this community don’t like being lied to.  If you learn anything from this experience, then learn that.
Omg this is so disappointing because I really loved you. Why not put this on your MAIN channel? I didn't even know about this until I saw your apology on observe wow Mike :/
I feel like there was much better ways to celebrate one's birthday during a pandemic. This reeks of irresponsibility and immaturity, very unbecoming of a family doctor. What would your patients think of you partying while people are dying of this highly-contagious condition?
This is so toned death and pathetic, especially coming from a doctor.
*Hate comments go brrr*
but youve been the person who keeps on saying to stay home and wear a mask. and you ignored that... the irony. i really liked your videos :(
Posting on a second channel makes this completely disingenuous and shows you only care about the ad revenue and repercussions.  I’m glad people are seing through the act finally - the kind pretty face act gets you so far but we know you’re a business man more than doctor these days always sucking up to Youtubers on all the platforms to get the clout chance.
Why 😭
Y'all we can report him 💀
ya, not cool. I unsub'ed from your main channel... you know the one where this apology should be.
It says max 10 people on the “boat guidelines” that you cited. However,  there are 16 people in the photo (including the person who took the picture)... so no you didn’t follow your own guidelines. Also, nobody was in the water in the picture, so there were no “water activities” going on. There was no reason to not wear a mask.    This just really sucks. I haven’t seen anyone (friends, family, etc.) in 10 months. And I miss them so much. So why do you get to go out and I don’t? Especially since, as a medical professional, you’re more informed than me. Honestly, it just makes me think COVID isn’t that bad. Also, it makes me wonder about what other non-social distancing things you have done and haven’t gotten caught for.     Lastly, I just feel really bad for your patients. I wonder how they’ll feel knowing their doctor hasn’t been social distancing. It just puts your own patients at greater risk if you happened to get it from the trip or if you are now a carrier. I’m from NJ so I know the hospital you work at and I honestly hope that none of my friends go there because I don’t want any of them getting sick from their own doctor.
It's cool that he'll be staying in quarantine and stuff but like bro.. For one,you weren't doing any athletic activity.. I think the very rules he showed stated that if you're working out or *swimming* you don't have to wear a mask. He wasn't swimming or doing anything like that,just having a party with friends. Plus,in a photo there are about 16 people (Mike included) cramped up on the boat. I'm pretty sure that the rule for only 8 people being on a boat of a certain size is so that they can keep their distance. Yall didn't even try to do that.. Also this whole "I did all these good things,but even so people reacted like this" etc is just bad for an apology and doesn't seem genuine at all.. I used to be a great fan and had a lot of hope for Dr. Mike but I don't know anymore,it sucks
To the people expecting an apology from Dr. Mike:  Dr. mike does not need to apologize to you or anyone, he did not hurt you and this is a free country, stop acting like children waiting and expecting selfishly for an apology. On top of that I doubt if anyone has followed the restrictions 100% Stop letting democrats fool you into believing that you having less power over your own life is helping the country or the world. God bless our FREE America
CANCELED
We're all in this situation where happiness is hard to come by. So if a circumstance that provides some joy pops up, any of us might momentary let our guard down and give in to it. Mistakes are going to happen. Sadly, given your platform, your mistakes are going to be scrutinised more than the average person's, especially since you've made so many videos about not doing what you did.  You messed up and you got caught. But you also assessed your risks, quarantined afterwards, and tested. All these things you did before this scandal broke, which shows you took responsibility for your actions. But I think that you should have posted this video on your main channel so that everyone sees and understands that we're all fallible, but the important thing is that if we do mess up, we need admit it (at least to ourselves) and then take all the steps we can to prevent possibly spreading it to others.  Whether we get caught or not.
For once look at the points that were presented here
WE.ARE.NOT.IMPRESSED.AT.ALL.
So selfish :( I am a healthcare provider and I spent my birthday all alone. I did this to keep not only my family safe but my patients! Thats the whole point of our role! To keep our patients safe.
“i’m young and i have no health problems” SIR me too, i wore a mask all the time and yet here i am isolated bc i tested positive 🙄 that’s not an excuse!
3:50 u just make the point that u fucked up and u knew what u were doind STOP IT ur sorry u got caught   The risk is not only if people live with u it's everybody u make contact with
The only thing you seems to be sorry about is that you got caught.
Bru I'm sorry i support u but u said it was important to wear a mask, but partying? THAT WAS NOT IMPORTANT OR A NECESSITY  u should stayed at home that's it
People... This isn't just a "mistake". He didn't make a typo, he didn't lose a game of Plague Inc. Putting god knows how many lives at risk for the sake of some hours of fun is just stupid, selfish, and borderline criminal. To me, the worst part isn't even the fact that he did it. It's the fact that he is defending such behavior, saying that the only reason he messed up was that it could be misinterpreted by covid deniers. At no point in this video, he admits his behavior was wrong by itself. And a DOCTOR saying YOU can throw parties without masks is unforgivable.
I know it's scripted, but you make it look like your not even sorry. No need fancy words just to magnify your apologies 🙃 I'm saddened by this event.
Didnt think  you would do this.   But; post this on your 1st channel.  They surprised you with a boat but you had everything for the boat trip???
Oh wow he is just making excuses here lol
easy...unsub. shame on you.
You of all people should have known better! you traveled to Miami a major hotspot during a travel ban.That was Your first 2 mistakes. Your main channel is where this should be! This makes it look like your just sorry you got caught. you have Then Thenm the ammo so don,'t cry about getting busted.. Wow I looked to you to get through this as did so many others. Sad that all your good work is going to go down in flames. I believe in the science and continue to mask up and all that, but as for following you I'm done. I hope it was worth it.
You should post this apology on your primary channel. Not cool Dr. Mike.
1:00 "we were well below the boat guidelines" the picture you were in had 15 people, including you. so no, you weren't below the capacity
Everyone acting like they don't go out and party/going to random places/ vacations during this pandemic. LOLL stop hating on a public figure for wanting to let party and let steam go. Hes only human
Ah so you’re trying to hide this apology just like you hoped the pictures of your partying were hidden. Ridiculous.
It's like the old saying: I'm not mad... I'm just disappointed.
I have an idea about how he can make it up to us. Dr. Mike, sell the boat and donate the proceeds to COVID-19 vaccine research/ distribution efforts. Or donate to research on childhood cancer.
Distgusting.  And fake. Its sad.
I’m so disappointed. How about apologizing to the entire world. Not just those that support you on THIS channel. I work hard and seclude myself so others can party??? So disappointed.
I don’t get everyone who is treating him like he is not human. People make mistakes, doctors too. The only difference between him and other doctors is that his life is publicized due to his online presence.
Dr. Mike, isn't social distancing one of the guidelines? This apology is very disappointing. You assessed your own personal risk, but what about your dad? Or the people on your flight home? Or the people your party guests will now be around? You live alone, but I'm sure not all of your party guests live alone. I wish you would have apologized for messing up and making a selfish mistake, not trying to explain it away with weak arguments. Do better please.
I’ve been your supporter since you first started the channel, and I understand you messed up. Please post this apology on your main channel, where you make most of your impact!
Doctor Mike is an excellent physician. I admire his work. I love his both YouTube channels with educative videos. We can not judge him. Every being human in this world makes mistakes. Everybody deserves a chance to be forgiven. I continue trusting Doctor Mike, I always follow his advice to wear mask. Doctor Mike deserves our credibility because he is a brilliant professional.
Oof...you seemed like such an advocate on keeping people safe from covid and you go and do this. What a hypocrite.
It seems your so called fans were waiting for you to slip up Doctor Mike... they switch up quick. People make mistakes... I am sure you understand the error you made. Lets move on with life.
"I'm young, I have no health problems." You do realize that several young people without health problems have passed away from this pandemic, right? Jeez, some people haven't even met their new grandchildren, some struggle with serious mental health issues that's worsened because of the isolation and then there's those that have to say goodbye on the phone.. but I hope you enjoyed the party, doctor!
Why do Youtubers and Media Influencers are getting into drama and scandals that are COMPLETELY avoidable ? I used to respect doctor mike because he was not a scandal Youtuber and now that i just found out about this, I don’t think that anymore
I just watched a body language expert go over your entire "apology" being played while he discussed you. What bothers me is not giving an apology. Gestures of what is going on, your research you claimed you did but I don't believe it. I was not only infuriated by your actions but find it hard to take the medical field seriously. Your gestures, tightening of your lips, it is an over rehearsed act and you should have started with what you said in the middle. " I'm sorry. I messed up." Own it Mike. Sincerely, a former loyal subscriber. P.S. catch yourself being body language analyzed on the Observe channel on here. I couldn't agree with him more.
“I’m young, healthy, live alone”.... yet you still see patients at work and interact with others on the daily. If you were truly sorry this would be on your main channel and not on this second channel. You CANNOT claim you take it very seriously when you literally went to a party in Miami when there are people like me that haven’t left the house in months and even buy groceries through curbside pickup to lower my risk and others risk of spreading the virus. You out of all people that claimed were so concerned about the lives of millions of people don’t seem very concerned now. Truly disgusted to even see you as a doctor right now seeing what you went out and did. You can’t “strive” to do better when you could have been asymptomatic and spread the virus to thousands of people for a belated birthday gift. SO DISGUSTING AND  SELFISH.
Don’t stop your video they help people more than you think. With the emotional stress of to do I don’t judge people as long as they keep everyone else safe after the mistakes that’s done. Every one human and very lonely at this. But for me I rather lean for other people mistakes and also the one I make.   Can’t wait to see your next video
Why did you spend almost 2 minutes, out of 4.40  trying to find legitimate excuses for your actions if "it did not matter"?
Dr. Mike, maybe you don’t know this, but making excuses and defending your actions is not the same as apologizing lmao
there are no excuses dr. you should’ve been smart enough to #1 not travel and #2 still go on that boat despite doing the research. you should’ve said thanks but no thanks to your friends because i have not seen my friends since march for you to be reckless and put others at risk. and for you to say, “i’m young, no pre-existing health conditions, the risk is low” is wrong. you should know more than anyone else how many young perfectly healthy people have died from this virus. and to say you wouldn’t have spread it to anyone is WRONG. you are a family doctor, who may see 60+ year old patients who are at the highest risk of covid. you are on the front lines of this pandemic and you still went and did the wrong thing. there is no excuse for this behavior.
I don't think you need to apologize. However I haven't agreed with the "legitimate" testing and results. Everyone needs to live their lives. If you're a high risk then YOU take proper precautions. Can't build up an immunity if you don't get it. Ppl still dying in record numbers from pneumonia every year right. At this point we tell ppl the same for that. Ya know like wash your hands... And so on. I honestly don't watch you for health or life advice (sorry) I watch you because you're enjoyable to watch. Besides any Doctor or person of influence speaking out against the mainstream liberal media is basically threatened with the 2nd gunman on the grassy knoll type of outcome. Keep your head up Doc!
the way he started off the video with justifying his actions instead of admitting he did smth wrong🤭
Why are you people surprised? You really think this fake, self-absorbed d**che cares about anybody but himself? Hes had more girlfriends than he has "Reacting to medical memes" videos (what are we on, #25 now? ;/// ) Gimme a break, i knew this dude was fake from the moment i heard him open his herpes infested mouth. He's clearly making up lies -- he claims his friends surprised him with a yacht party and then he continues to say "i made sure to check the CDC guidelines"... so youre saying that you stopped IN THE MIDDLE OF A SUPRISE PARTY to check the CDC guidelines? yeah okay buddy....
Ouch! Didn't even know about this apology video and what happened until I saw it on Observe just now...
Dr. Mike, I appreciate the fact that you admit that you were in the wrong, but as a doctor who has preached for SO LONG to be "Alert, not anxious" and who has told us all to respectfully keep our distance and take precautions to prevent the spread of COVID-19, you should not have done this in the first place.  As a doctor who has gone through so much schooling and training to get to where you are now, you are obviously capable of thinking for yourself and being responsible. Especially as a doctor, and as an "influencer" who has a large social following, you are supposed to keep an example for us and be a good role model, but you really let us down here. I'm sorry to have to say this, but being in the position you are, you should not have even thought of making this mistake, and (once again) AS A DOCTOR? how do you think your patients are supposed to trust what you say? that could be a bit extreme, but you need to think about the implications of your actions as a celebrity doctor. I could give you the benefit of the doubt that you didn't realize the true impact of your social sitting, but you really shouldn't have to at this point.
Everyone should leave him alone. He made a mitake move on people and dont give him hate.
I’m just a bit upset because I know a good family friend that lost her husband and his 3 brothers and mother as well as having to deal with the fact that her daughter who was pregnant, getting ill because of this horrible thing and then there are people who don’t wear masks and do stuff like this and the worst thing about it is he’s a doctor and should know the consequences and see them first hand. So while it may have turned out fine for him (like just having to make a apology video) there are people like my family friend who barely get 1 hour where they are allowed to come to the hospital and say goodbye...
Honestly. I respected you Dr. Mike. I watched your videos and I listened to you and I respected you. I thought you were open and smart. I have lost that respect. Not only did you go out partying during a pandemic, you also posted your shitty apology video to this dumb youtube channel instead of your main-channel. I honestly thought this was a re-upload from a fan's youtube channel. SHAME ON YOU.
Shut up
"Criticism for thee, but not for me."    *C A P T A I N  F A T  F U C K,  L E A D E R  O F  M E N*
How is a mistake ur a freaking DOCTOR!!
*Even the people here is hypocrite.*
..disappointing
Mike, what do you know about the virus us plebs don’t?
Lol every day it’s someone else not following their own guidelines
Y'all should just leave the Dr, he tryna chill😹⛷⛷,  Could you invite me to the next boat party?, I'll bring a bottle of wine
@ 3:33 "And, the people that I'm saying sorry to right now are very specific people. It's you who have supported me on this channel and been loyal viewers..." Wait, what? You only have 69.7k viewers on this channel. Dude, you have 6.5 MILLION viewers on your other channel, make sure to let them know too! Must have slipped his mind, silly.
even though you live alone, you’re still a doctor. what about your patients??
Yes, he made a mistake, but all of us make mistakes because we're human. You could argue that he's a doctor and should've known better, but doctor's are human just like all of us.
I haven't just lost respect for you, there isn't any left to speak of. Outside from the very legitimate fuel you've added to COVID denial fire, you've endangered yourself, everyone else at that party, and everyone else you interact with, including your patients. On top of all that, you didn't even own up to the dangers of what you did, instead adding weak justification so you can sleep at night and redirecting to COVID deniers. You also posted this to a channel with literally 1% of the subscribers as your main channel so that casual followers of yours wouldn't find out about this and deplatform you as you deserve. Honestly, cowardly and shameful.
You made a judgement call based on your research and experience. That’s a lot different than a mistake. The problem is there are those unwilling to let others make their own judgment calls. In addition, one shouldn’t apologize if no wrong actions have been taken. At the end of the day you only appear the same as numerous “rules for thee but not for me” politicians and elitists unfortunately.
Y'all on here roasting him for going out once, and don't even wear masks to Walmart. Stop, people make mistakes. We are all human. I'm sure you all haven't went out at all during the pandemic without a mask because you either forgot it or just didn't care to take it.
this is just disgusting... that's not an apology, it's making up excuses and not taking responsibility by not posting it on the main channel
"I can't promise I won't make another mistake again"?? What was this a math test? The SATs? A homework assignment?? All you had to do was take your own advice Doctor M. Wow. I trusted you man and then you do this and can't even actually apologise for it.
I didn't even know he had a second channel until literally just now. Why isn't this on the channel with millions of subscribers? Sigh... nobody's perfect huh. Not even doctors take their advice.
I had to attend my grandfathers funeral yesterday via zoom.  My grandpa died because his nurse chose to go out with out a mask. Your a doctor. Its upsetting knowing I've been with you since January listening to your advice on COVID, but you chose it ignore it. Learn from this and do better.
Guys come on, forgive him. He screwed up and he realized it. No need to just hate on him
Omg it's ok whyy guy's he is a human and humans Makes me mistakes right
I don’t blame him tbh!  Everyone has at least once not followed the rules the past year. Ok, I get it, he’s a doctor, he should know better. But doctors are humans too!   I hope people are coming to realize that the society we live in is really toxic. We are putting physical health over anything, but forget that mental health can go down real fast that way. I’m definitely not saying to go party with 50 people. But I’m really trying to put everything in perspective. You gotta make a balance for yourself with on the left side your physical health and on the right side your mental health. But please when u do so, also think about other peoples health. It’s not because you are in that 1% category who dies from the virus that others are too. Wear a mask, try to meet with as less people u can. But enjoy life still and pick a few people you see regularly.
Sir, when your apology contains, "private boat", it loses some weight...
Really disappointed in Dr. Mike. I really respected all the work you were doing to educate the public. My neighbor couldnt say goodbye to her dying husband of 30+ years because of COVID and you didnt take it seriously enough to not have a birthday party.
Why is everyone misinterpreting his apology he obviously doesn’t mean that he is sorry for getting caught he meant he is sorry for u to see him doing something like this, meaning he is apologetic on this matter plus when he advises everyone on wearing masks you would be the one on the advantageous side while if he doesn’t wear a mask he is at a disadvantage, he is human and will make mistakes like everyone else we all know it’s important to wear a mask  whether or not he follows his advice is not for us to intervene on it’s his personal life. I hope what I am saying sense I was not sure if I am conveying my thoughts properly.
I'm sorry Dr Mike but I understand why people so disappointed with what you done I know you regret that and you are apologizing for your mistakes and I do hope nothing like this will ever happen again but really hoped that you'd take responsibility for being careful and aware that we have a pandemic
How do you learn a lesson after preaching the same lesson to all your subscribers and chastising some of the influencers who did what you just did.
This just adds to the list of reasons I don’t like Doctors
Imagine taking any of these politicians and “experts” seriously at this point you people should be ashamed to be in the position you are. You are DISGUSTING!
Why isn't this posted on your main channel.... this shouldn't be some clip; this channel only has 68k subscribers, which is a big contrast to your main channel with over a million
Post this video on your main channel so that ALL your subscribers can see that you messed up. 😂 Didn’t even know that this channel existed. All is well, Dr. Mike.  Everyone, please stay safe!
Thank you doctor mike, this is a start, continue working to be a better human
I don't get why some of you are making this such a big deal. I get the risks but most of y'all are doing the same thing and you have no right to judge. And those asking why he posted this on his second channel,its because he wanted to,its his channel not yours.You watch his videos because you want to,he's not forcing you to watch them.  Ya'll just want to catch feelings over small stuff and i bet most of you guys are being hypocritical.
I'll tell you what I tell my kids.  Don't add a *but* to an apology and don't cushion with reasons why.  Reasons end up sounding like excuses when they are in an apology.  Just a simple, "I messed up.  I was excited in the moment and made a really bad choice.  I'm sorry I let you all down.  I know I have to do better.  I will work to do better.  I'm sorry."  The end.  We don't need the boat regulations, risk spectrum considerations from NY times, your health status, your worry of conspiracy theorists using this as fodder.  All unnecessary.  All make your apology look less sincere.
Just sayin: he seems like he voted for trump and is homophobic He's not homophobic! just sayin
um..there were more than 8 adults at your boat party. Why would you show us the boat capacity limit
So 39k people (the dislikes) are doing their best to stay safe this pandemic; that’s actually somewhat relieving because I feel like I see no one taking it seriously.
Face it Mike youre a hypocrite, who tf cares if u got an invite to a boat party from your friends you didn’t wear a mask and you were rubbing up against at least 30 people. If you were my doctor I would be changing ASAP don’t need my healthcare provider putting me at risk and u put yourself out there to be a poster child for people who don’t believe in Covid or wearing masks
The Human YouTube Algorithm: * Guy posts stuff * Viewers say "Oh he's cute, I will watch" * Guy posts more stuff, gains a fanbase * Guy messes up * Fanbase say "Guy did a bad thing! Guy is literally Hitler!" * Guy delays a few days, to see if things will calm down * Things don't calm down, so guy post apology video * Fanbase say "Not enough apology! Feed me more apology! Hitler! Conspiracy!" * Other guys post analysis videos of apology video * Guy tries to move on * Fanbase won't let him * Fanbase get distrated by other guy messing up * Issue is not so much forgiven as forgotten * Guy posts stuff
LMAO imagine going all those videos about the suffering health care workers are going through (which is correct) and then turn around and do this, what a fucking disgrace to the health care industry and the work they do
Lol what a joke.
“Guys even though I did everything right, I’m sorry it didn’t look that way” A real apology...   Honestly I admire someone like Jake Paul a thousand times more than someone like this, at least he’s honest about what he does, and does not, care about.   Doctor/YouTube/Gym goer? I can’t hate on someone for the success but if you’re striving for yourself then be honest about that and don’t pretend you’re more empathic than you really are or else you won’t be able to live in peace. Live and die by your words.   Either you care about others and you never go out or you don’t and then you can, but don’t try to get the praise of being a nice guy and also get away with the other stuff at the same time  Never trust a doctor that’s handsome lol. They’re in the game for their own status more than to help people
You didn’t follow the rules and guidelines though. There were like 15 people on that boat shown in the picture. The law you highlighted was plainly stated at 10 a few of those being children. What you basically said was I’m sorry my actions are now seeing negative consequences but I didn’t do anything lawfully wrong.
As a medical professional and influencer, you are responsible for ur choices and the messages they portray. You have a massive following of people who trust u and have listened to ur advice on covid throughout this pandemic.   Through it irresponsible actions, and nothing else, you have invalidated every single claim from urself about covid. Can we trust ur opinion when u went out to do this? Are u apart of the conspiracy?   People will think these thoughts and think towards research u have spoken for with the same regard. Do not doubt this change in opinion in people.   I for one have used many sources including u to stay up to date with the covid pandemic and now am dropping u as a valid source as u are no different from every LA influencer, albeit u should have been more educated. But others don't, they rely solely on u as their source of info and do not doubt how conspiracy can rise. One piece of evidence proving their point can tip their favour - use the anti-vaxxers as an example.  I saying this to u as a child, someone who looked up to u throughout the pandemic, but don't let that invalidate my point. I hope u suffer from the repercussions of ur actions that u, a mature and well-educated adult are responsible for. I want u to be better in future for ur impressionable audience that continue to follow u despite me no longer. And I hope u see this message as a reminder of the consequences actions like these cause.  Take full accountability in ur own mind at least. Even if u don't publicly.
It's normal for people to take of their masks if they're taking a picture. Medical workers also deserve a break. People are meant to make mistakes every now and then.  He's given us a LOT of very helpful tips and answered most of our medical inquiries. But people always overlook the good that they have done.  People always look for a way to criticize someone despite them being actually a good person. Cut him some slack, He's also a human being who can make mistakes
You guys need to chill tf out. I'm  sure he followed each and every protocol of the state's guidelines. He did what was practical. You are all acting like you have never made such erroneous mistakes. Hypocrites.
To Dr. Mike: If you had uploaded the apology in your main channel, it'd seem more genuine.    To all the people mad at Dr.Mike: Say what you want. I hear you. I'm mad at him too. But let's not also forget that he's himself a physician and has been working night and day to better the situation. He's in the frontline. Or had been.  It was a lapse in judgement. Let's treat him as a human. He made a mistake.
Bruh, just wear a face shield
It said in CDC 10 adults maximum yet in the picture I count 14 or more ppl. Saying u followed the rules. Sure. And obviously none of those people count as “children”
Anyone else who doesn’t care that he made a mistake and just appreciates his content and wanting others to stop tainting his content with pissed comments??
The fact you realised what you actually did wrong was what saved you from losing my trust.
While I acknowledge you realized you messed up please out this on your main channel and not just in the community tab.
I like doctor Mike. I like the sane, medical information you give to your viewers, especially during this pandemic. I like that you've given us an insight into the daily life of a doctor. But this apology reads like a script. Should've just sat down and poured your sincere thoughts out even if the video turned into an hour long vid. This ain't it.
Very disappointed for you to set yourself up to such standards with educating the public regarding this pandemic but you're just a complete hypocrite. How is the risk level "OK", travelling in the first place is not ok according to what you preached, putting your face right next to someone's face is not "ok" risk level.
Shoulda been "sorry for getting caught" what a hypocrite.
Big deal... He was not wearing a mask.  I don't give a fuck.
practice what you preach!!!
The problem with the rich and privileged!
DISAPPOINTING
My mum tests herself every few days cause she works in medicine. If he did that too, he wouldn't be spreading it unknowingly and he would know if he has it, in which case he can quarantine. Maybe it's different in the US, but even if my mum was to go out, she wouldn't be putting anyone in danger but herself, cause she gets tested frequently. If Mike does that, then I really don't care much.
You went home to your dad though too. What is his personal risk level?
I would be a lot more prone to be understanding if you posted this on your main channel
I never thought Dr. Mike would betray us but here we are
Don’t beat yourself up.  You live and you learn.
this is a very disappointing “apology”
Yes, he was wrong.  Yes, he did something bad and got caught.  He should have known better.  But guess what?  He is human.  If you've never made one mistake in life, then attack him all you want.  If he truly means he knows he messed up and will not repeat the mistake, then he learned from the mistake.
Canceled
To the commenters: Unless you are personally ripping your friends/families a new one like you are him, for gathering, you need to sit down.  He is only getting this magnitude of backlash because he is a YouTuber. Sports have resumed, restaurants are open, etc.  COVID isn’t gone, but he didn’t necessarily do anything “against the rules”. So much drama on this thread. Just TRY to imagine people watching your every move. I’m sure you would be roasted too.
Why isn’t this apology on your main channel, if you are genuinely sorry then put this apology on your real (1st) channel so all of your followers can see it?
When they said "an apple a day keeps the doctor away", they meant dudes like this.... you definitely don't want this hypocritical snob near you. Respect to all the real doctors out there though ✊🏿
Really disappointed...
I can tell you this ain’t it
He’s saying he messed up and y’all only look at the negative. He’s a human, humans make mistakes; especially doctors. This is a learning lesson and he’s CLEARLY learned. I’ll stand behind you.
I forgive you because you are human. All these people slaughtering you in the comments aren't much better, yes maybe they wouldn't make a mistake in a pandamic BUT each and one of them have made mistakes. These people are holding ONE mistake against you acting like they are the holy one. No one deserves hate because of one mistake.
Wow there are a lot of angry people in the comments. I feel like, if a doctor, who’s on the front lines of this pandemic is willing to go on a boat with friends, our first instinct shouldn’t be to assume he’s a hypocrite. We should be asking what he did to protect himself and what we can do if we want to see our loved ones. But this is the Internet where people react first and educate themselves later ... or never. There’s no apology or explanation good enough. People just want an outlet for their stress.
bruh... you ain't gotta apologize for living your life. you didn't mess up, people are just freakin out for no reason
Thank you, finally, a person with a sincere apology.  Dr. Mike, you even owned up to your “mistake”  I’m remaining a supporter of you and a sub to your channel as well.   The best thing you can do when people are coming down on you with harsh feedback is to just simply tell the truth.  That’s what you did, told us the truth and how you will learn and change from it.   God bless you!
Well now we'll have mass sterilization soon thanks to Bill Gates
Wow disappointed
disappointing :/
Am I the only one who thinks he sounds congested?
Idk why ppl are non stop attacking and not accepting his apology but listening to this video I think it was sincere and pretty straightforward apology...it is true ppl are misusing this situation
WAIT! he made a god effing mistake and its OKAY!!!! He is just as human as us... and first of all it's not like none of u sat at home and followed all the guidelines.... if that was the case then the number of COVID cases around the world wudnt have spiked to this level.... Secondly, there's no need for him to post it on his main channel... have u seen the views? The news has spread like wild fire! and obviously he is SORRY.....  JUST LET HIM BE MAN!!! HE has given u so much  great and informative content!! and instead of holding him for one mistake, appreciate his hard work and LET THIS F-ING THING GO!!!  DONT BE ONE OF THOSE SHITTY PEOPLE WHO DISREGARD ALL OF SOMEONE'S GOOD ACTS WITH ONE MISTAKE! CALM THE HELL DOWN!
To be fair, he did the research to make sure everything was okay, at first he was cautious but he made a mistake. I'm not saying his actions were totally right or I'm 100% forgiving him. He's a nice person and I'd give him a second chance with time of course ❤️
This is really sad, you were one of the people I thought was actually credible but you are just a pretty face with lots of money who is really good at being a hypocrite but acting like you're not. I held a Halloween party but masks were mandatory. But to be honest I have been going to small to medium sized family and friend events without a mask. Peer pressure idk, it's hypocritical but I can admit that. It's hard for me to stand up to family and social obligation. Plus if I go and catch it maybe it's gonna get through the non-believers in my life. But I am not a social influencer and medical professional, what I say and do doesn't carry the same weight as you. You should really just shut down your channels after this. Go be a doctor and practice what you preach.
Learn from your mistake, please
This ain’t it.
I can not believe it
Ok SO...for all the people OBSESSING on Doctor Mike's apology and where he posts it and blah blah blah i just want to say that if you are so offended by what he did and how he is handling it then maybe it's time to question YOUR REAL REASON for being here! Are you here to accept his apology "no matter where he posted it" or are you here to drag his wrong doing and mistake through the mud? Hmmm...I'm starting to wonder where the real hypocrisy lies 😳  He did what HE WAS SUPPOSED TO DO and apologized so I'm curious as to who tf made us the apology inspectors to tell him WHEN WHERE AND/OR HOW to do it!   True supporters won't turn on you 😔 when you do something wrong or make a mistake and then acknowledge and speak on it...ijs  Edit: I reposted my comment here only because this video is the actual topic that I'm speaking about
I always looked up too you. So disappointing.
How sad is your life when you cyberbully a 31-year-old for having a birthday party? Not the best example to set during a pandemic, but please get over yourselves.
Post on your main channel about it, show us that you learned.. posting here is kinda buried cause i just found out about your second channel from a comment replt
Transparency is not putting an apology on a channel which has 1% of the subscribers of the main channel.  I see right through this.
Y’all act like you’ve never done anything wrong or made mistakes during this year.. this man is just trying to live his life. Yeah he’s a doctor yeah he made a mistake but damn give him a break. He should be able to enjoy his free time how he wants to.
sorry for getting caught you mean. and people looked up to you, that little bit of hope that somewhere on this shitty internet media there was a decent guy, now its dead. and dont even have the balls to say it on the main channel, you just pretend it didnt happen there cause it will harm your image and income more from investors.  hope the party was worth it, cause losing my cousin to covid because of spoiled rich liers like you wasnt.
I'll forgive you bro
I'm tired of people PERIODT
I understand. No one is perfect. And I can understand the need to have some normalcy, especially in healthcare. But I am disappointed. I canceled going home for Thanksgiving because I didn't want to travel out of state. I work remotely right now but went into one of the hospitals I work at briefly. I didn't think that risk was worth it. I think it sounds like you realize the risk of doing something in a group where you can't wear a mask (i.e. water related activity) and our of state just isn't worth it for others there either.. take care.
Guys remember that we need to be perspective if we are gonna judge don't take sides just be perspective don't hate easily or take sides
Disappointed but not surprised bec. I've already seen so many _so-called influencers or internet celebrities_ preach about protocols and such, then you'll find them in a party or *surprise birthday party that they didn't know* lol
It's people like you that force progress to take longer and continue the rise in cases and this whole quarantine.
Wonder how many parties were there that weren’t posted on some insta-thots stories 🤔
DR Mike, toward the end of your video i noticed you have a lump on the left side of your neck. Not sure if its a vein or something else.. maybe get it checked out!
I really wanted to be on your because hey everyone needs to let of steam in every now and again... and then I saw the pictures... yeah you were 100% wrong and pretty gross.
You should be apologising to the immuncomprimised who have been effectively imprisoned alone for most of a year just to stay alive. Then people like you acting this way completely disregard all the risks whatever excuse you give and contribute to the further spread of this virus.  You know full well with the size of your platform that your actions will have consequences and if you didn't, for a doctor that's pretty stupid. Of course the mis information packs will jump on this with "see Dr Mike says what "they" want you to hear but then he goes to a boat party there's nothing to worry about." Unsubscribe.
good luck to your career dr. mike!!
LMAOOO I remember you calling out other doctors for not taking covid seriously... and you’re partying in Mexico? Bro
I don't understand the drama lol. I've never skipped a family reunion or party cuz I'm afraid of Covid. Whoever is scared, should not come and we're cool. Don't even want those pussies near me
Why does this have more likes than dislikes??? Is his audience that fucking braindead????
just stay at home bruh.
*Mistakes are Lessons*  Not a sin that one should carry for the rest of their life.  Its only a big deal because he's a celebrity doctor, there's hundreds or thousand who doesn't listen to health protocol through this pandemic. He's a human first before becoming a Doctor.  He messed up big this time and if he mess up again then its ain't our problem.
*Mistakes are Lessons*  Not a sin that one should carry for the rest of their life.  Its only a big deal because he's a celebrity doctor, there's hundreds or thousand who doesn't listen to health protocol through this pandemic.
He isn’t apologising. He is just trying to justify his mistake. I actually liked this guy’s videos but wtf can be said to support this hypocritical gremlin.
Why you lying though? 🙃
Of course they’re using you to delegitimize the Covid-19 situation when you as a doctor literally handed them this. For what, a party with a bunch of girls? The disappointment can’t even be expressed with words
Okay guys don't hate the guy  Edit:Even if you get mad sure im pissed off but still what will we get through hate what we need is to work together so we can survive this pandemic.
Let's talk about another aspect of this:  Doctor Mike was a major figure in advertising Covid precautions. A lot of videos by himself, a lot of TV interviews, a lot of media exposure. So people trust his words and even use it as reference if they want to get others to be more cautious. And now imagine, him making a boat party with no mask and effectively contradicting all of the information he gave. There is already a large amount of people being not interested in social distancing and with such a public figure now backing them passively, it's such a shame. Also by this very shallow apology and uploading it on the second channel it gives the impression that a party during a pandemic is no biggie. So it adds to the misconception that social distancing doesn't work.  And that is just sad to see from someone many trusted and was a respectable medical figure.
Dr Mike you are apologising because you got caught. You don't care about anything. You are a hypocrite. You are giving a bad reputation to all the other responsible doctors and health care workers out there. My God! Shame on you! Also, why didn't you post this on your main channel?
There are some of us who have not been able to see our own families in a whole year and some who have lost others and frankly if my grandparents get covid, I do not know if I will ever see them again as they are at risk. I can forgive however remember that you are someone we look up to and if you caught covid you could have potentially put your patients at risk.
Why~
isn’t he a doctor
I've had so much hope in Dr. Mike, watching his videos enjoying the content, learning stuff.  I'm sooo disappointed and sad. Another youtuber lost for being a hypocrite and actively just messing with important rules been made to keep us all save.   It was a fun and educational time with you Dr. mike. 😒 But not with me anymore.   Peeps stay save y'all 💜
This is your *credibility* at stake here. Mr. Mike, if your friends surprised you with a boat to hang out with 15 people to party without masks, that clearly means they don't care about safety, let alone your own. They didn't even care one bit about you enough to at least NOT take pictures and record you to post online. It's a process to gather people and get ready to attend a party. Especially being you, you can't even risk 1% of your reputation. There's just too much at risk, *especially the health of others, not just yours.*
This apology is so half-assed and disingenuous its ridiculous.  Hes only apologizing because he got caught, he isnt sorry in the least.  Stick your apology where the sun doesn't shine my dude lol
i'm a nurse and i'm disgusted by you! i didn't see my mother for months even after she survived covid in intensive care! i haven't seen relatives because we are all in health care and FOLLOW PROTOCOL! everyone is struggling with this mess. my patients are emotional not having any visitors while combating sickness! i see young colleagues who had covid still struggling with it's aftermath and you're just partying like some common brat and not even apoligizing authentically
Why didn’t you upload this to your main channel? 🤔
Hey @pewdiepie is open for anyone would like to learn to make a perfect apology video!
I am disappointed in you. You've lost all my sympathy.
Ur literally a doctor dude
Check out this group of doctors/ future doctors, because this cancel culture has to stop 🛑 ⬇️
The only way i saw this was through observe. You call yourself a doctor then go out to a bday yacht club. I miss my dads bday, grandmas bday and papaws bday. And this year is the first year ever not spending the holidays with my family. We all looked up to you
In my country we are allowed to party as long as we follow government rules. Keep distance and not more than 10 people. If you get caught breaking this you get a 2000 dollar fine.
Man, after all you have been saying. Absolutely dismantled all the work you have done. What type of an example does this set??? I'm disappointed man. What's worse is you didn't even have the sincerity to post this on your main channel. This apology seems like a sham. You have made this situation worse and have let the medical community down.
For god sakes...He's a doctor. I think he knows he messed up and he doesn't need all of you reassure him. He does know. Move on. It's done. He said he quarantined and tested negative. Not saying what he did was right but I do think he gets it. Relax now and  just leave the guy alone.  Most of y'all just want likes anyways and it shows.
Not dr Mike 😭😭 come on man you can't do this 😔
It's really unfortunate when our prefrontal cortex takes over and affects not only us but those that we care about. 😥
What was on your mind when you deciding to go there? People like you are hypocrites. Preaching here and there, but behind the camera you do what you tell others not to do. You have everything.. money, fame, good job. Why can't you just stay at your home, avoiding large crowd? Since March, I lost my job 3 times because of Covid. No money, no job, but I still stay at home. Mind you, I'm young and healthy too. But I know my responsibility as human being. To stop the spread by staying at home.
Disgraceful. Practice what you preach.
If you’re actually sorry for attending that party, post this on your main channel. I had to search for this video and only found out about this story by scrolling through the comments section on a Phillip Defranco video. This isn’t a public apology if only a small subsection of your fans can see it.
you know what mike I don’t care if you messed up because we all know that you’re apologizing because you got caught and that’s the horrible thing about you tell everybody to wear a mask and we see you partying with 14 GIRLS and you say you messed up and what makes it terrible is that you post this on your second channel and what about your patients you are a doctor a doctor take the responsibility to not go out AND PARTY like the rest of us anyway I’m really disappointed and that’s just my opinion, I had to get it out.And I hope you had fun on your stupid yatch.
This video is honestly making me cringe. Im so disappointed 😞
So, you’re saying all young and healthy people who live by themselves should just get out and party, because that’s what it sounds like. There are millions of us you hypocritical frat boy.
Yeah, he takes so seriously that he went to a boat with a bunch of bimbos and friends. But he looked really concerned on the photos. Huge hypocrite.
only real issue is that the photo got out. No matter how much we lie to each other theres very few people that havent been out the house since the begining of the pandemic, and it aint expected. minimize your contact, but dont be a shut in for a year.....
Yeah you were well below the 10 people limit with 15 people in your boat..
-_-
I remember taking an interest in this guy because he seemed genuinely concerned for the general public during the pandemic. Goes to show that a little titties and beer still win over even the smartest “boys.” Sit down, Mike.
You're apologizing to those of us "who have supported you _on this channel."_ This is *NOT* the channel we've supported you on. You took the coward's way out by posting this "excuse/apology" on your second channel. And it wasn't much of an apology, at that. In fact, it came across quite hostile.  _You_ took the responsibility _upon yourself_ when you decided to start a YouTube channel in order to help people and offer advice. When it comes to your YouTube channel, _you had one job_ -- practice what you preach. If you're incapable of doing that, then stop telling people what you think they should be doing. The constant mixed messages about COVID-19 is what's making us nuts. It's causing us not trust _anyone_ in authority. Since you're a doctor, you do hold a certain amount of authority on the subject, so you should be holding yourself to a _much_ higher standard.  See, if you hold yourself to a higher standard, it should not have been too difficult to tell your friends "no" to the boat ride. If they truly valued your friendship, they would have understood. Actually, if they _truly_ valued your friendship, they would have _never_ set up a surprise boat ride in the first place. Seriously, what kind of people are you hanging out with? It makes me question if your friends believe COVID-19 is a real. _If_ the story you're telling is true, then they should have never put you in that position to begin with.  You can't expect to help your subscribers and giving them advice on such a serious topic as COVID-19, and then turn around and break your own rules. (Maybe the reason for the hostility is because you _really_ didn't think you'd get caught? And because you didn't really have a valid excuse?) The phrase that comes to mind is, "Good for me, but not for thee."  The disappointment is real, Dr Mike. Shame on you. Shame on you for the hypocrisy and shame on you for not posting a _sincere_ apology on your main channel. You royally screwed up, then handled the apology very poorly.  Sorry for writing a book. I'm pissed.
Unsubscribed! I loved your videos so much, loved everything you talked about. But now I see nothing was sincere. Fake.
Notice how he posted this on his side chanel rather than his main
Dr Mike’s real life patient: “I’d like to make an appointment with the doctor. I’m not feeling well.” Receptionist: “I’m sorry. The doctor can’t see you for two weeks, he’s quarantining because he’s been partying in Miami”.
All of y’all so harsh on him but how many of y’all actually stay home, wear masks, and follow the exact rules and guidelines yourselves 🤨 do u even bother to look up and update yourself on the rules guidelines like he did? Look, yes he messed up and yes we should make him take responsibility but you all acting like y’all been perfectly and religiously following every protocol there is during this pandemic. Which, because we are all human and we all make mistakes, no. No y’all haven’t been perfect during the pandemic either. Y’all need to work on yourselves before coming at others SO harshly. Just saying😕
I get the surprise party element, but why does he think the guidelines in Florida were all he needed to concern himself with when he had real experience as a doctor warning him otherwise? Florida notoriously has a science-denying state government, and the CDC was publicly muzzled by the White House. Neither was a fully reliable source at the time. It sounds to me like he knew it was wrong but didn't have written back-up to support his gut, so he caved. I think this will bring up a good discussion, though; it's important to recognize that everyone experiences peer pressure and runs out of self-denial eventually.  I'm surprised that he's shocked by the reaction, though. He should have known that his behavior as a celebrity medical professional would leave no room for error and any of his weak moments would be seized upon by conspiracy theorists. IDK why he's surprised by the internet reactions.
Dr. Mike, you know better than most people how infectious Covid-19 is as a family practitioner. You should know that one touch or cough is enough to negatively affect an entire family and all they come into contact with. As a "celebrity doctor," it's your responsibility to be aware that you are a public figure and that your behavior will be more scrutinized than any other less widely known person. Being in close contact with 15+ people in a small space without any masks on is already very disappointing, but the fact that you will not take responsibility for your own behavior and deflect blame is even more baffling. It's even more damning when you try to explain your bad decision by presenting it as a conscious and carefully considered "mistake." This gives me the impression that you are incapable of making wise decisions despite the extensive knowledge you already have on the virus. Accusing anti-maskers of twisting your own behavior for "nefarious things" isn't reality. You were presented with a choice, weighed the risks, and decided that having fun is more important than the consequences you can't see yet. Anti-maskers simply found your photo and let it do all the talking.   I say all this to say that you can come back from this. I'm glad to hear that you are reflecting on yourself but this isn't enough. Please post a new apology video where you take complete responsibility for your actions with no excuses and post it on your main channel. I believe that people can learn and grow so please take the first step.
Why the heck did he have to search what to do if you wear masks in water and if he can go to her parents house he's a freaking doctor wth
I mean it’s not your responsibility but I looked up on you. Soooo bad. I’m 19 feeling I’m loosing my teens by staying home seeing all my friends going out. Doing it mainly for my parents but HIGHLY because health professionals. YOU ARE A FAMILY MEDICINE DOCTOR. I mean your friends ARE DYING. I get why you did it everyone makes mistakes and it’s valid. But God, this just makes me angry. I reaally admired you. I guess as you say this year has been waaay too much. But man you are a grown up. WHY DO WE STILL AS TEENS NEED TO BE THE BIGGER PERSON EVEN IN A PANDEMIC THAT WE ARE TRYING TO PROTECT YOU FROM??!!! THIS ARE OUR YEARS. School, prom, parties, friends, engaging with new people, summer, COLLEGE, Christmas all gone. We can’t be immature even this years we kind of should. Wtf is happening.
As someone who has to work with Covid Patients daily this really hurts my heart, Dr. Mike. Thought you were different and weren’t the big headed god complex doctors like most.
I’m in the minority here in the comments, but I still like you Dr. Mike, and forgive you.   I had Covid and yes it sucked,  I did my duty and quarantined. But we can’t run around like scared rabbits over this virus. We can’t live in our houses indefinitely, and we will get back to normal.
The fact that this isn’t on your main page so it can stay silent
Yikes bro, you're reputation in this case, will definitely not precede you.
I have come to your main channel frequently during the pandemic to educate myself and I am very disappointed with your actions. However, I will not ‘cancel’ you because you are human and make mistakes. The point is that you redeem yourself by acting correctly and setting a good example, please post this on your main bc having this video on your second channel seems sus and please be more elaborate with your quarantine, did you quarantine before seeing patients? Did those you partied with do the same? Did you get tested afterwards? Did they? Are your willing to do more to prove yourself during this time? You cannot come back from this easily so please take more time to elaborate your apology in a more logical tone, it seems to a lot of people that you came off as ‘snobby’. Like I said I’m disappointed but want to see you better yourself.
You are an absolute hypocrite and what makes it worse is that once caught you post this apology on your side channel and not your main channel. You know less people who arch videos on this channel than on your main.
Why is this not on the main channel?
Seriously!!!? By a bloody professional!!! It's a freakin mayhem and you pull this fudging shait out of your butthole!!! Who the ****** do you think you are??!!!!!
It's upsetting that people are actually accepting this "apology." Even then, for someone who has made a plethora of videos regarding safety amidst this pandemic, you should have been able to realize - without googling - partying was an irresponsible thing to do. You're not sorry you partied, you're sorry you got caught.
All that mask stuff shouldn't apply to you Doc.  Guys.  There's two very distinct classes of people in this country and if that isn't obvious yet, keep living, you'll figure it out.
It sucks to be in a predicament like that but thank you for your apology. No one is perfect and also some or most people grilling you have have gotten caught if they were under a microscope.
“I’m young, I don’t have health problems” Me too, but I still stay at home. This mentality is *exactly* the reason why the number of COVID-19 cases in the us and other parts of the world are so high, and you being a doctor should know this better than anyone else.
Doctor Mike, I don't buy your apology. Nada.
Post it on ur main?
Please people don't criticise the people who will really get disappointed when you get disappointed ..easy go with it   He is honest , clear , kind . Dr mike is full of love, positivity  ❤️
Disappointed 😔
Disappointed
He’s not even sorry
umm there is a one size fits all answer. youve even said it. its just dont do it. thats the answer. and his friends are idiots if they thought "hey why dont a bunch of us hang out in a giant group and surprise mike?" umm great idea. and dr. mike "i prob deserve it since its been a tough year. pfft  why did he have to go check the guide lines again? i mean isnt that what he had already done and had been using to inform us on what to do??? so why did he even have to go double check? lol eye roll*
Liar 🤥
Post in your main
Some body language expert just did a video on how ridiculous, and insincere you are. “Attack me, not the science” ... you are the science expert Shirley. Scare of the sniffles? PATHETIC.
i feel like a disappointed parent right now
Big fuckboy energy
I couldn’t see my grandmother at the hospital before she passed away due to this stupid pandemic. The person who raised me... and I could not say goodbye... we could not have a funeral.  And this rich dude couldn’t skip a party. I’m so disappointed..
I love you Dr. Mike!!!!! ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️ we are all doing our best.
Post this on your bigger channel if you're really sorry
My 15 year old cousin decided himself to spend his birthday home just with his parents
All of you high and mighty people commenting as if you didn’t make poor decisions in your life.    He who has not sinned shall cast for the first stone. He’s not the only person, only doctor, or nurse that has traveled during this. 🙄
We are human. He made a mistake. We all make mistakes. Just because he is a celebrity doesn’t mean he has to be absolutely perfect. No one is perfect. Like he said, he is going to strive to do better. I believe he is sorry. It’s not our place to pass judgement. I have always enjoyed learning from him and will continue to do so.
What coward move by putting this is on your second channel while you get blasted here, your 6 million subscribers channel sees no damage ...what a disappointed. You are not really sorry...what a hypocrite.
I clearly remembered that in the first 3 hours of the video being published, the like:dislike ratio is 20:2 4 hours later = 20:10 And now, after a week, it's 42:38 Keep the dislike up, luv.
It’s easy to apologize after the fact...
There have been some nasty comments toward him, and I don't think he deserves that at all. Mistakes happen. However, he is a public health influencer. He has a responsibility of being  a role model when it comes to our health. Right or wrong, the standards are higher for him. I think many people would be more willing to accept his apology if he posted this on his main channel. He has 6.49 million subs on the main channel, but only 69500 here. Actions speak louder than words.
"oh noooooo I couldn't say no to a boat party!" Y I K E S . Just say "yeah I was an irresponsible POS sorry" This was hard to watch... did he not even see the photo he was in with over 10 people?
I’m sorry for getting caught*
This is less of an apology than a list of excuses and playing the victim card. I am so very shocked and disappointed in the hypocrisy and the ongoing lying in this message. For example, there are fifteen people in the boat picture. That is not below CDC guidelines as you stated. It is significantly above. There are other discrepancies as well. Your words about how you felt it was an acceptable risk for you negate every other part of your message to all of us. What about the potential risk to the others on the boat, those on the planes, the patients you saw when you got back. Did you quarantine for fourteen days when you got back. A rich and beautiful boat party in Miami. The rules don’t apply to rich and beautiful people. That’s the message you have given. Fame might be going to your head Mike. I was wrong and I need to do better eventually came in this video but it was blunted by the excuses that proceeded it. Those two statements should have been the whole message.
Everyone makes mistakes
You’re human. We make mistakes covid or no covid. We’re worn out of not being able to lead normal lives right now. You took the necessary precautions and no one should be judging. No one. This is very new to us and we are used to doing things a certain way. And we will all go insane without some normalcy. I typed this before the end...we have the same thought process lol and I’m not mad about what you did. I trust you enough that i know you were still taking precautions.
I’m so confused what happened
Thank you, Dr. Mike. Thank you for being sincere and honest and admitting your mistakes. It means you're human. I will continue to support you. We've all made mistakes.
Can’t believe 42k people already forgave him lmaoo
People are being extremely hard on him for being human. Yes this is a serious matter for sure but I don’t see why we need to beat up Dr. Mike. People are so ugh people. Still love you Dr Mike! I hope you had an amazing time despite all the backlash! I’m sure it was some much needed time!  I wouldve gone on the boat too! Time to reset and get back to pandemic life!
He literally said everyone should be social distancing and masking yet he’s like “I’m young, I’m healthy, I live by myself”   🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄😬🙄🙄🙄
Oh that’s cool. Not that my words have any impact on you, but I’ve spent all of quarantine in my house, wearing my mask, social distancing, and hoping that my mother with COPD and congestive heart failure  who lives 1500 miles from me doesn’t die from COVID. My niece had a baby in June that I haven’t gotten to meet. My life has been lived over zoom. I’ll be spending my 33rd birthday next week alone in my apartment with my cats and take out.   Here I am feeling bad that I stopped at Target to pick up cat food and browsed for 45 minutes window shopping instead of coming straight home and this guy is having surprise yacht parties in Miami.   You are a role model because you chose to be. That choice means you are held to a standard others aren’t. Even if you felt the risk was low for you, you had a duty to decline the invitation because of the choice you made to be a public health influencer.
The most annoying person. How many Covid videos did he make??
GET FUCKED MATE.
I understand that being a medical professional is stressful in the pandemic times. But this is still wrong man! Lost lot of trust here.
Loser
POST. IT. IN. YOUR. MAIN. CHANNEL. it isn't that hard doc smh
Wow. Massive hypocrite will not be following your advice for sure. So you're too immature even as a Dr and grown up to say no to a potentially dangerous situation to others around you, can't say no to peer pressure wowee. Also plenty of folk are not seeing the relatives who are sometimes alone just to keep them safe you think it's OK to do what you like then say oh I miss up oops. Not good enough, not smart. Shut up preaching to others about mandatory masks🖕
It's okay to risk it for the biscuit right Mike?
You made a mistake. It's not the end of the world. I appreciate that you are taking responsibility for your actions.
I can't see my mother cause of her having lung cancer. I can't go to the gym because it is source of infection. I can't go to my college cause of too many people being in a room. I can't even see my homies because we are stuck in quarantine. Yet you,a frontline worker with a large audience, go and have fun like pro quarantine? You talk about coronavirus dangers and then you go out there and do the opposite? Just post this on your main channel,at least people will have the choice to believe you in the future ot not. Make us believe that these coronavirus videos are genuine informations and not promotion for your channel.
"I live alone". That may be true, but you do NOT work alone. You work with the most vulnerable people in society, people YOU put at risk doing that vile stunt. We all used to look up to you, you were the voice of doctors on the Internet and you went against your own words and teachings like a hypocrite. Don't play the victim card, you knew exactly what you were doing, especially since you put this video on your lesser known channel rather than your known channel. You're a cowardly hypocrite
I’m unsubscribing and unfollowing him. This wouldn’t be an apology video if he wasn’t caught
people make mistakes and I forgive you lol ❤
post a better apology on your main channel man
I had to attend my grandfather's funeral over the internet a few months ago, smh.   I'm glad you realized you messed up, now face the consequences, and improve.   Also, probably should have uploaded this on your main >_>
Not sure why the need to explain about the pandemic..all of us know it already...
cut the bullshit. you're sorry because you're caught. if you're really sorry, why not post this on your main channel? where more people can see this, can see how you messed up and you can show that you Are sorry.
Do as i say not as i do
Cant see why people hating on dr mike you guys dont even follow the rules Dr mike made a mistake yet you people keep leaving negative comments atleast he admits that he is wrong not like other youtubers who thinks they are always right
Scammer!
Thanks for owning up. Now just ignore the haters until they move on to some other poor bastard and forget about this.
You just lost a lot of respect
Post this video on main channel
Don't worry Mike, the medical message is safe and sound. It's only my opinion of you that was damaged.
Way to be a major hypocrite you pos....
He's a human, it's ok to fail I have failed too
Dr Mike, you contradict so many of your own videos in this. You are spineless and selfish. You couldn't even have the balls to own up to your clearly wrong behaviour. This wasnt a mistake, this was an act of selfishness. The worst part is that YOU, no one else, contributed to enabling the paranoid and ill-informed anti maskers who are a plague in their own right. How you can make this video so scripted without any emotion is beyond me, I would be literally ill if I had done what you have, knowing the severity of my influence.   Being selfish and douchey is one thing, but the fact that this was put on a tiny channel and bursting with deflection shows to me your true character. I hope the fame and money and girls are enough to assauge the shittiness of your actions, Dr. Mike. If not, perhaps you can actually, truly reflect and be better. Maybe focus more on being an actually good doctor and less on social media fame
okok does anyone genuinely doesn't care what whether he went or not.
Godd these people who think that other people (famous) are gods hahahaha hahahaha I'm truly sorry for ya, but no matter how hot he is or famous or educated... He s human just like us soooo stop being dramatic and act soo disappointed.
"Hes just sorry he got caught" so the man's supposed to detail every aspect of his life? This man is safe and takes every precaution, and people at the party could've had an agreement and quarintining and taking the necessary precautions, but none of that matters, because we all just want drama. I'm glad he's apologizing and I still think he should upload this to his main channel, but everyone just needs to take a chill pill for a second.
All I heard was "excuses excuses excuses, I did the wrong thing right. I'm sorry those photos got out, filler common sense about corona. And I posted this here so no one can say "you didnt apologize" while I ignore the issue on my main channel so I get less backlash"
this comment section is making me lose brain cells, he apologized and you're all still pissy. "wahhh youre only apologizing cus you got caught!" yeah well what was he gonna do? not apologize for his fuckup?
I’m young and have health problems, maybe not as severe as others but I’m still at risk. Everyone is. That’s why we need to wear masks, don’t gather for parties or get togethers and stay the F home if you can.
my respect for you 📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉
I think that is was better if he just ignored this, because I think that this video is making everything worse
why isn't this posted on your main channel?
tbh people slip up all the time so yeah he messed up but the damage has been done and he's promising not to do it again. If he does it again I'll be mad and say he only apologizes cus he got caught, but for now I'll give him the benefit of the doubt and assume he has good intentions.
Soooo.... What did he do exactly? Went on a trip? On a boat? He followed protocols, so... Why is everyone trying to destroy him? Geez... None of that bothers me. And yes, I wear a mask inside where it's required. 🙄🤦‍♀️
ok but why didnt you post this on your main channel
I admit that I am unsubscribing from your channel after hearing the news.
Dr. Mike with all due respect, you are a healthcare professional, you are aware of the risks that come with gathering in groups. You have always said that as a social media influencer, you set the tone for your audience. You have always preached about staying home, staying safe, and maintaining safe distances. I feel like that all just flew right out the window. The fact that you were all gathered together (Not even 1 feet apart) and not wearing masks is very concerning to me and I'm a bit disappointed.  I hope in the future you make wiser decisions during the pandemic and take proper precautions. <3  Stay safe, I wish you the best.
post it on your main  channel then
🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏽
Do as I say not as I do
Sad... very sad... :/
All these people in the comments with the negative energy literally have nothing better to do than whine on someone else. He's human, every human being makes mistakes. Seriously, just take it easy. This pandemic is not easy: not for anyone. Just help each other grow a little bit❤
Why is this video not on your main page?
Of my rural hospital, over 3/4 of the patients have Covid ranging from 50-92. The youngest I know of out here has been 34 years old, and she passed away without other preexisting health issues. Everyone, please try to stay socially distant, wear masks, and wash your hands. ❤️
I understand that he is wrong but attacking him doesn’t change what he did. It’s kinda petty, he is a doctor but he also has feelings. Don’t dehumanize him just because he did something. I know he wasn’t meant to do it but still, you are making him feel worse.   I’m not an obsessive fan but we all make mistakes and some people are seeing this as an opportunity to be rude. Be kind to everyone, treat everyone with kindness even those who do wrong
people are literally dying in hospitals without seeing their loved ones and you went on a party boat without following guidelines when you’re a doctor and you have MILLIONS who listen to your opinions as such.   this video has a TON of cherry picked quotes and you know that.   like the ny times article you quoted also says “Many people consider a negative coronavirus test to be a ticket to freely socialize without precautions. But scientists and doctors say this is dangerously misguided. It is one precautionary measure but does not negate the need for others, like quarantining, masking and distancing.” (also haven’t you said before to get info from the CDC?? and you’re citing NY times to get yourself out of hot water.)  the boating site you cited also says this “Captain, crew and patrons of charter vessels must wear facial coverings and practice social distancing rules, both on shore and on the vessel.”- in the photo you were not wearing masks and were very close together.  and the CDC says this, “Postponing travel and staying home is the best way to protect yourself and others from COVID-19.”   and lastly you’ve said, “is it okay if i throw a mini party but we all stay six feet apart? the answer to this question is a hard no! social distancing means physical distancing and more than six feet apart.”
You dont care. You might act like it. If you where truly remorseful you would put this on your main channel instead of trying to hide from the majority of your audience like a coward. Also why where you traveling in the first place? That was a big rule to not travel unless it is truly needed. You talk down to students and the public for months about making the right decision but then you go do this. In the pictures i saw there was a lack of social distancing. Also what about your freinds family can you honestly say that they do not come into contact with a person in which covid could be fatal?
you had no mask on AND  had your face squished against other faces. Sweetie....
Dr Mike: *goes to mask-less yacht party*  Also Dr Mike: “It feels like I’m being used for nefarious purposes”   BRO. YOU DID WHAT YOU DID.
stop deleting comments for disagreeing with you that's just making you look even worse than you already do
stop deleting comments for disagreeing with you that's just making you look even worse than you already do
I don't understand why people are so mad. Yes, he said that we shouldn't be hanging out in groups and we should always wear masks, but he decided to take one for the team. He risked his own life. We should be grateful that Dr. Mike decided to be the lab rat, so the rest of us don't have to.  How many of us would dare go outside during a hurricane? How many of us would dare go outside without a mask? If politicians told you to find shelter during a storm, would you be mad if you then found out that the same politicians didn't find shelter for themselves? No, you would be thankful that they let us use the shelters while they risked their lives. We should all be thankful to all those who have risked their lives by going outside without masks. If there's ever a nuclear fallout, and we're all stuck in underground shelters, there's not a single doubt in my mind that people like Dr. Mike and Gavin Newsom will selflessly offer to leave the shelter and check the situation outside, like any true leader would.
No. Your apology is NOT accepted. You are a doctor and you know better. You are a medical professional who is also a celebrity who people look up to. A doctor partying during a pandemic will NOT be excused.  Also, you did not post it to your main channel. Quite telling.
My grandma died in early October and we made the difficult decision not to have a funeral even though it would have only been about 10 of us, and yet you -a DOCTOR- made the DECISION to attend a boat party. Great job. Can’t support.
Wow people actually care enough that they need Dr. Mike to ask for forgiveness, so ridiculous. Can't you think for yourself?
do you know how many people spent their birthdays alone? incredibly hypocritical. you're a DOCTOR. you knew the risks but yet, you did so anyway. Don't spread the importance of wearing a mask and social distancing if you won't even bother to think twice yourself.
I accept his apology whether its fake or real. He still puts out real facts about the medical field. No one perfect. I bet all you haters broke CDC guideline at some point in the last 9 months. You went to a birthday party or hung with friends. We all done something we are not suppose too.
why didn't you post this on ur main? 😐
Don’t worry dr mike. We are all human and we make mistakes. Let’s be happy and healthy
I’m disappointed 😔
I don't want a scripted research based apology with all this fancy words being thrown and how awkward this was. I want a heartfelt one. Seeing that America is one of the largest covid 19 population to date, i....
This isn't adding up.  "I live alone so I didn't expose anyone to the virus". You just said that you were visiting your dad, who is an old man. You also have high-risk patients.  "My friends surprised me". But you had time to check guidelines on boat capacity before the "surprise party"?  "I checked the CDC guidelines". You already knew the CDC guidelines. You've been talking about them for months. This is you trying to cover yourself.  "Risk is a spectrum". Oh, so did you calculate the risk levels of every girl at that party and every person she is going to come into contact with over the next three weeks? And let's not pretend you hang out with tons of Instagram models to be friends lol.   Shame. I respected Dr. Mike.
Everything else aside, I'm most disappointed with you not posting this to your main channel.
I am very dissatisfied with this apology. I am a Canadian and we aren't having parties period. We don't check boat capacities because gatherings are a flat no. I don't understand how you thought it would be ok to have any kind of party.  You are supposed to be leader, you are supposed to first do no harm. You failed at both here and you seem to NOT fully understand why. I don't know if I feel bad for you or if I just gave you too much credit from the start.
We all make mistakes. We all are hypocrites. We all are humans. We mess up a lot, because we all are still learning. Nobody is absolutely perfect, so don’t expect anyone to be perfect.
Sometimes we must take risks in this pandemic in order to keep our mental health in good status, you were still cautious, people are just going to be haters pandemic or not but you are a public figure and with that comes more responsibility.
I’m not for cancel culture so let’s not do that. what you did was wrong and hypocritical since your a doctor, said to wear a mask, and preached social distancing . You endangered others and you know that. I’m disappointed, do better. I hope you truly understand what you did was wrong and I hope you learn from your mistakes.
Risk is spectrum ???? In the text is stated that for basic need not a birthday !!!!!! You are a hypocrite.
Does anyone know how he got back to New York? My opinion on this kinda depends on whether he took a plane or not. If he drove back and is following proper testing and quarantine procedures like he said, then I'm fine with it. There's a difference between taking a risk upon yourself and putting others at risk.
I could understand you going out if this virus had a 99% survival rate, but...
I hate spreading hate but absolutely disappointed you posted this on your second channel already I have a bad impression. It sounds less of an apology more of an excuse. This is just my personal opinion. At the end of the day you’re still a doctor and I highly respect that, but as a social media doctor I cannot support you anymore personally.
You’re a Doctor, you should be the most vocal and thorough out of ANYONE during this pandemic, yet you’re partying, you’ve failed at wearing your mask and keeping a 6 feet distance from anyone and everyone. I’ve been following instructions since March of this year, Hell, I’ve been taking showers after going out of my own home for even an hour or for work, and I’m exposed to hundreds of people for scanning their groceries. You say one thing, yet behave another. Lead by example, we need doctors and nurses in this pandemic , not influencers and Instagramers.
Okokok I do not accept the apology!! I hope you get corona positive now!
I was hearing and watching tittles about something you were apologizing for.  I have that sense that I don´t wanna know.  I´m sorry but you really impacted me handsome.  I´m sad.  Why here in this channel, why not in the others? I had to know for others. I´m really sad buuuu :(
he tries to hide this video from his main channel. He used filters on his videos to remove any comments that have some of the words that can lead to this video... shame
Please post this on your main channel if you're truly sorry- That's all we ask for.
Are you going to post this on your main channel?
Y’know dude I love you, but given the fact my mom is currently in the ER for covid that she got from work and the fact you’re a doctor who willingly when not necessary attended a party, isn’t right. And your lack of accountability is not only worrisome but incredibly selfish. It’s personal.
Don't worry Dr Mike, we all do stupid things sometimes.. We're all human. Happy birthday! You're still the hottest doctor!
im not sure why  there is so much hate. Theres people who have done way worse and dont even feel the need to acknowledge it, let alone apologize for it. People forget doctors are humans too! They make mistakes and have personal lives as well. It was a mistake and he apologized. Stop being keyboard warriors behind a screen attacking somebody just to follow the crowd.
Even if he did do this video just because he got caught I still have high respect for him! He didn’t have to make a video apologizing but he did and that takes a lot! Most people don’t know how to apologize so I appreciate the fact that he made a video to do just that.
You know someone isnt sorry when they start off with trying to be relatable
Are you going to admit you're wrong trying to flog an overpriced diet app? As soon as I saw you promoting NOOM I knew you'd sold out for money. What next?  The mental health app which I think has now been rebranded as it was proven to be not just overpriced but very dangerous to those who are truly suffering mental health issues.  I guess you've just got to earn your "coin" anyway no matter how.
Why not post this on your MAIN channel....
You’re just sorry you got caught....and not even apologizing, you’re DEFENDING yourself you clearly said...“ bc I’m young& healthy “...
This should be on your main channel, if your actually admitting your wrong do it in front of all your viewers
Can someone tell me what happened like why he is apologising??
This apology makes it worse haha Heres why what I did wasnt bad oh and im sorry
How can anyone trust a single thing you say now? Especially about covid
Honestly, he messed up hard, but he's human and all the comments I've seen here don't seem to remember that. If you keep holding this situation against him, you're not allowing him to show growth. I am, however, very annoyed that he did not post this on his main channel, it doesn't feel like a genuine apology if he's trying to hide it.
If you really wanna apologize to your followers or those who you influence, do it on your channel that receives more viewership. You created two channels and now you're making the mistake of separating the good / entertaining and credible from the bad and vulnerable. This is disappointing.
who cares. We see that the politicians are doing the opposite of what they're preaching. it's political at this point. you do you. the virus exists, there are risks more specifically for certain groups of people... and the people preaching it arent even following their own procedures. get over it. isolate yourself if that's the concern. apologies are just to be PC right now.
When you have 4m followers but deserve only 4 irl
I respect everything you’ve done for your fans and healthcare workers, such as purchasing scrubs, and you apologized for what you did, but it was wrong. It wasn’t an accident where you can just say, “Oops, my bad.” and everything be okay because of your fame, wealth, and status. As a doctor and influencer, it’s your responsibility to educate and lead by example. You talked about your individual risks, and did an assessment on yourself, but you should’ve known that even if you’re asymptomatic and don’t get infected  with COVID, you could be a carrier. You’re a family medicine physician; you treat many people who are elderly, who exhibit multiple medical issues, or who are a combination of the two. You KNEW what you were doing, but you only evaluated risks that would affect you, NOT YOUR PATIENTS. And just to go to a party. I would MAYBE understand if you were attending a funeral or visiting a sick relative/friend, but you potentially put your patients in harm’s way over a stupid boat party, surrounded by other people who more than likely haven’t considered the safety guidelines. I’m not saying this to be mean or bash you unfairly. I am still a fan of yours. I recognize the good you’ve done, and I still respect and appreciate what you do (You actually inspired me to become a DO physician). But I, along with many others, are sorely disappointed and angered by your actions. I hope your apology is sincere, and that you weren’t just apologizing because you got caught. Actions speak louder than words, Sir. Please do better. Not for your reputation, but for your patients. They deserve better.
I think this is a case of "I wanted to have fun" and didn't think how it would make me look to my friends or YouTube people. You'd of thought Dr Mike here would of followed some distancing but obviously when alcohol happens that will go down the drain. He was outside which helps his argument.  Actually going out and socialising is probably very good for his health, mentally. I'd encourage more to try it.  I think the fact Dr Mike pushes the rules and preaches about masks, vaccines alot distroys his message or shows he's not really serious about it, like the corrupt politicians do. It makes him seem very fake as a person.  He could actually of made a birthday video before about what measures he's taking to go out and have fun because alot of people will do the same so why not try to make it safer? Although the rules vary country to country.  I think he should of had balls and posted this on his main channel.
I wasn’t able to bury three immediate family members and my best friend of 20 years who was a ER doctor and mother of my goddaughter due to COVID-19...What makes you the exception? If I cannot say goodbye to my family and friends, if I cannot even bury my family and friends...what level of entitlement and ego do you have to be on to think it’s okay to party with 15+ people on a boat without even so much as a mask. You have forsaken the Hippocratic oath “Into whatsoever houses I enter, I will enter to help the sick, and I will abstain from all intentional wrong-doing and harm”.  Knowing what you knew of COVID 19 as a physician, and as a citizen, you willingly put not only you, but others in danger, because you want to party!!!! My birthday was spent at home. You treat families, did you even think of those children or those parents ONCE? Then to post a self-justification video on your lesser channel.
Why isn't this on your main channel?
This is messed up for all the reasons that most people have already addressed. What really saddens/angers me besides the obvious is something my teenage neice said to me in tears. She couldn't diiferentiate what was real and what wasn't when watching youtube videos, including those from 'influencers' which in turn would make her feel stupid , confused and  embarrased. Sadly when you choose to be one of these influencers, you have to take into account that you ARE going to influence someone incredibly naiive to do what you did because 'the dr did it'.  Sir, T1T PRN FOR BULLSHIT.     *insert dr wiggly sig here*
Thank you Dr. Mike! You are a medical doctor and know more about the virus than I do. I accept that you are a greater authority on this than I will ever be. Stating this, I am no longer afraid of this virus because of you. If a highly educated Dr. feels safe enough during a pandemic to have a big birthday party without masks or social distancing then It must not be that serious.   Actions speak louder than words. You have proven from your real life actions that this virus isn’t as serious as you say.
You tried to cancel Dr Judy Mitkovits and karma just came and slapped your hypocritical self. You showed us all what you really think of this plandemic. Go and read the great Barrington declaration. Hope this was a nice lesson for you bro. For the record I defend your right to party and enjoy life. Just stop promoting these ridiculous lockdowns and masks. 👊🏾
Most of your supporters understand...We are humans, and we make mistakes even when we know whats right and whats wrong...   I forgive you, because me myself have made some mistakes too, and everybody, even those who are criticizing, have commit some mistakes too, because this is a new situation for everybody and we are learning in real time.
Wear your mask
Wear your mask
Wear your mask
Wear your mask
He says that "risk is a spectrum" and that he was following guidelines, however, in previous videos, he's stated hard and fast rules about social distancing and partying as if it's always a risk no matter what. So even in this "apology" video, he's not admitting full blame. However, in his defense, it's not just Dr. Mike but almost everyone has gone out and done something social in the past several months. Especially, when pools, parks, gyms, theaters, and restaurants opened up temporarily. Even politicians go out for mini get-togethers after announcing to the public to stay at home.
Y’all done worse daily but gonna get mad at him .. ohh ok 👌🏽
Doesnt even have the stones to upload to his main channel. Good job mike, way to be a dr that doesnt care about the general public.
Ah, here comes the excuses. 🙄
What about your patients? Especially those with Immune issues?  Hypocrite. You clearly where not considering your patients and others within the settings where you work when you did this.
I don’t even know how to express how disappointed I am. Not that my comment matters.
You should've just said you messed up from the start of the video, none of the evidence from the CDC or NYtimes can ever justify your actions and trust you broke. I get that you regret it, but the apology is lifeless that even I, a premed student, can't describe any connection that you tried to reason as a doctor or human being. This is no learning curve, it's a mistake, that's all you had to say.
Do as I say not as I do.
I’m really disappointed Mike, doesn’t help with the image of doctors when they break the rules themselves.
omg.......this is INSANE! A DOCTOR! Doesn’t even socially distance or wear mask, this is ridiculous....a doctor doesn’t even care.....woah.......
to put this video in a secondary channel was also a mistake... huge one... =/
Hypocrite. We trusted you. You lied to us. Yeah, we're all human, but come on, that's not an excuse. You didn't make a mistake (other than getting caught), you made a bad choice. How are we supposed to trust you on anything in the future? This was such an insincere and scripted apology video. I haven't seen my friends and family since March. And we've been being safe. Screw you, dude. If you really wanted to apologize,  putting this highly scripted and highly edited video on your Clips channel was not the way to do it. It just proves your insincerity.
The real notable thing about you not posting this to you main channel is not that it makes you a scumbag, but that it makes you pretty dumb.  How did you think that nobody would notice?  It's so blatant.
All these transparently insincere apologies we keep seeing aren't fooling a single person watching. It's incredibly insulting that people like you, Dr. Mike, believe others to be mindless sheep who will take these words at face value. How are you to be trusted after this? You have an incredible platform, but you undoubtedly take it and your viewers for granted.
very difficult to take advice from a person that doesn't take their own advice.  Seriously, as a doctor you knew better.   Sorry although I enjoyed your channel, this apology does not seem sincere
To any and everyone writing hate comments: you are all my best friends and I love you
put this on your main account you coward
World goes wrong they say learn from the doctor but when doctor goes wrong he ignores the world.
What a hypocrite
“Don’t attack the science” you left yourself open for attacks and undermined everything you’ve ever said because of your carelessness. Of course some people are going to attack the science NOW because of you.
I get it now, he posted it on this obscure 2nd channel so he didn't have to see the comments.
You are a disgrace and a sham doctor. You should be ashamed.
''risk was OK'' what? so let's let everyone party and assess the risk as ''OK''
“Spectrum for me, black-and-white rules for thee”
You are telling me that you, Dr. Mike the YT personality that has been honing on and on about responsible COVID precautions, took a two weeks quarantine after coming back from Miami?  So, you didn't see your patients? You didn't see other colleagues? You didn't contact your crew after this (yet released several videos)? And I'm guessing you didn't put your own father at risk after this, right? Just because you wanted to have a party on a boat in a hot zone with some models..... Also, the CDC clearly states ten people on the boat. ANYONE can clearly see 15 people in that pic. Just no, man. I couldn't bury and mourn properly my two parents that died during this, I had to give birth to my little girl without my partner being there with me. But I'm thrilled you got your boat experience.  You did a disservice to every single viewer and most importantly to the scientific community.  Be honest, accept the blatant stupid thing you did, don't make excuses or justifications and don't blame it on other people. Also, don't be shy and post this on your main channel.smh...
My Nana is dissapointed 😢
Posting this on your second channel, hmm? Nice move.
Ugh you're a democrat aren't you? I would bet A LOT!
Mike fucked up but blaming the whole medical system is stupid too as is to be expected from sheeple led by an algorithm. He doesn't represent all other doctors just because he is much more visible to us YouTube abusers. In fact he is quite special or else his following would be much smaller.
I’m so glad it’s safe to be on a boat, I’m going yachting!
NOO NOT YOU
Hy👏 po👏 crite👏 period!
Disappointing.
This apology is so lame... is anyone buying this!?
Im so disappointed. When you make dumb a choice like that because it’s low risk to YOU, you end up affecting other people inevitably which you should know as a doctor. If one person decides to be selfish, it’s not that big of a deal, but you are one of thousands, millions of young people who refuse to do the right thing to help others because it’s a slight inconvenience to themselves. Do better Mike. This is pathetic
LOL.The reason he wasn’t wearing a mask is because he knows that covid is overhyped and is barley a danger,people please think you really think if this was so dangerous a front man in spreading covid hysteria and promoting draconian measures would not practice what he preaches.This is medical tyranny the number are severally inflated in both deaths and cases,and they’ve used covid to lock us down make us impoverished while transnational corporations grow and make more people reliant of them to get by.If you don’t see what their doing your mentally enslaved.
You do not owe your followers any apologies. You have always done your best. I'm sure your dad is proud. I admire and respect what you stand for. It is not acceptable that others used you/your recent travel as fuel for their agenda. Stay happy and healthy as well!
i looked up to you :/ it’s such a shame to know you can’t even trust the people you thought you could. really wished you wouldn’t have done this hypocritical action. and i also wish you would’ve had a better apology. except no apology is gonna make up for your hypocrisy.
I think something that people don't really understand or think about are some may not even know as a doctor you constantly have to wash your hands and all the way up to your elbows you also get temperature checks as soon as you come into work every single day there's a lot of things that doctors have to do including nurses to make sure that they have not been exposed or could expose other people there's a lot of guidelines that Dr Mike has to do and go through for work. As for the gym I can't say that Dr Mike actually cleans his little bench and stuff when he works out but considering he's a doctor I would think that he does clean up every place before and after he uses it. I understand people's concerns but I don't think Dr Mike is in the wrong for spending time with people he loves
***"A surprise party."** You should have borrowed a bikini to use as mask instead of motor-boating on them.
Just a comment wondering why this is a big deal
I’ve lost all respect for Dr Mike. This should have been posted his main channel. The fact that it wasn’t just proves he isn’t sincere. Apparently the good doctor is still a frat boy at heart. That’s totally unacceptable during a pandemic.
Personally I don't think you can tell people to stay inside their homes, especially when the virus is very unlikely to kill you if you don't have immunodeficiencies. In my opinion, people at risk should be protected and given support by government, and encouraged to isolate themselves, but never forced. The media has very much blown this virus out of proportion as another obvious attempt to distract the general population of the real evil in this world.
It was wrong ,really wrong especially being a public person who is a role model for so many people but why is this becoming this big of a deal !!!!!!!!!
What a condescending non-apology. We are not stupid. Shame on you.
Oof doc, this is a. BIG. OOF.
personally I don't think that you should have to apologize for spending quality time with the people that you love because there's a lot of people who are doing that anyway. Just cuz you woke up this morning doesn't mean you can wake up tomorrow. I understand a lot of people are upset because you are a specific type of figure and you expressed a lot of concerns over covid, but I do not see you as a little boy being raised by YouTube. I don't personally care if you go and party with your friend,the majority of these people who are freaking out on you are probably the first ones to go and be like I'm social distancing and then goes and hangs out with their friends without mask getting really close to them eating having dinner parties with them. I do think there's a lot of people have sex because your apology sounds rehearsed and ingenuine. you're a grown man you know how to keep yourself from getting covid and you know who is susceptible to giving you covid and who's not if you want to go hang out with your friends and relax and cut loose a little bit go ahead. we have so much stuff going on in the US right now that everybody is on edge. I think all that matters is as long as you don't lose control of yourself control and staying safe.
It didn't really help that 1.) he posted this on his second channel, 2.) he started the apology video with an explanation and not an apology. The least he could've done was to make sure him and his friends kept everything about the event private; banning photographs and such. I mean it's one thing if he's just your regular influencer, but he's a medical one... one who should never be seen to be going against the medical protocol especially during these times. It's a lot disappointing because the info he's putting out there should be reliable (given his title) but now he's lost all credibility. In the end, he just proved to his followers that he's more of a trashy influencer than a doctor to look up to.
The Dr. stands for Drama Mike.
"All those girls might of got Covid test?" who knows?
When are we gonna go back to living again? He’s prob been exposed to hundreds of different viruses prior to covid (which has been around for longer then this theres many different strands)  and y’all didn’t care then it’s been 9 months he checked the cdc guidelines and lives alone get a life his body his choice those other people didn’t have to join and be around him if they didn’t want to that’s there choice if they wanted to be “at risk” I’m sure he wore a mask when he went to public places Geez and this is coming from someone’s who has stayed inside and has no friends you people talking have probably been around just as many people as he has
would he have made this if the pictures hadn’t surfaced?
I've been a big fan of Dr. Mike for a while and I had to find out about this situation through another YouTuber's reaction and I'm very disappointed by that. If you really want to own up to your mistake, this should be on your main channel where your fans can actually see it, listen, and pass their judgment. Come on, Mike.
Doctors can make as mistakes as anybody else. This is a new situation for everyone, there’s a huge grey area between right and wrong here. He measured the consequences and took the risk, and okay, it’s wrong. But he knows and he shouldn’t post about it. To stimulate others to do the same? He’s not sorry he got caught. He’s accepting the online judges. But he has to say something about it, right? If he didn’t, you guys would judge him anyway. It’s sad that years of good content were thrown away after something I bet a lot of you did it.
Your own colleagues are dying on the front lines and you behave like this with an apology that is a thin as wet paper.
You say you have to think about the impact. Did you think of the impact of uploading this video to your side channel? Doesn't your main audience deserve to hear your apology? Uploading this sorry excuse for an apology to a not so well known side channel tells us that  1) you don't care about us, your loyal viewers,  2) that you don't give us even that much respect to at least think that we deserve to know or that we deserve honesty.  I cannot support this cowardly clown. This is not the inspiring doctor that I knew. I will stay happy and healthy without your hypocritical behaviour in my subscriptions box.
This is the worst apology. He planned that trip. It wasn’t a surprise because if it was, he wouldn’t have thought about looking up guidelines that he actually broke anyway. So many people are following guidelines, not because of him but because it’s the right thing to do. All of my kids have missed celebrating birthdays. He’s acting like the “influencers” in CA. Preach one thing and do another. I don’t expect much from the others, but being a doctor he really screwed himself on this one. How many other parties has he gone to? It’s also amazing that he says “it’s hard” when he hasn’t missed a check while many others, including my family has lost jobs and got behind on bills. My husband just started working again and trying to catch up is the worst. this has the “poor me” mentality and he’s literally making excuses. “I’m sorry to all of you, please don’t leave” 🙄 this is so disappointing
Let’s see how many ppl will unsub to him after his reckless behaviour
i’m disappointed. ur a doctor u should’ve known.
Okay.. stop hating him! He said SORRY!
Please own up to this fault and put it on your main channel.  As a nursing student, this is extremely disappointing to see doc mike in a scandal. This may seem minor to some but to people like me who pursue and aspire to be a professional that the people needs, is major.  I always thought Dr. Mike would show the balance of professionalism and fun but not like this. I live with my family and meet with the same four people in nursing school outside to study and for emotional support.
I will say this while it's great that you were checking all the procedures and limit's, unless you were planning on going in the water, the water procedures should not have been taken into the consideration...you were in a high risk state coming from another high risk state and I will be the first to say that I have not been the best at following the guidelines, I went on a boat in October the next state over that is worse over then my state and we had a lot less people then were on our boat and we at least had our masks under our chins if we had them on us....and I of course am not a healthcare provider but I have been working all of quarantine (animal hospital worker) but you should be even more cautious...now I'm all for not letting this pandemic slow me down from what I used to do but I understand that masks are an essential part of the ensemble from now till everything is good
You fucked up and this "apology" video is a disgusting joke. So disappointed. You were my idol.
Hold up, can somebody please explain the video. I’m seeing hate comments like this and I don’t know why. Somebody explain to meh what happened...
In todays enstallment of further evidence of Dr Mike's downfall
All these “experts” breaking their own rules..... It’s like they know it’s a hoax or something 🧐🧐🧐
I’m heartbroken by this, because I looked up to this man.
I never thought that my favorite youtuber would do something like this. I always thought you were a man of honor. and everyone understands that we ALL miss our families. But you are the FACE of medicine. you are one of the most known youtuber doctors and when people see you do these things they feel as if you are being a hypocrite. It also upsets me and other people i know that you are in this dilemma because you were unproblematic and I remember staying up late just to watch your videos and feeling calm and laughing because I knew that there was not hate attached to you or your channel. Still I hope that people see you as a human being and that everyone does make mistakes but we all hope you learn to stay humble and take your own advice like you should.
All of your work is now undermined.... and posting to your second channel is manipulating your audience.
Does anyone else think Dr Mike sounds a bit like Shane Dawson? I get glimpses where I’m like “whoa was that Shane?”
Yes, we all had birthdays and wish to celebrate it to the fullest. But what disturbed me the most was a professional acting like a frat boy in the midst of a pandemic. I agree with shouldn’t attack the legitimacy of COVID, but the messenger perpetuates a YOLO lifestyle that continues unabated amid hundreds of Americans dying everyday. Using the aforementioned guidelines, does not justify damaging the example you used to display.
I have put seeing my cousins baby son on hold since his birth in March because of COVID to keep him and his family safe but you just had to go party on a boat for your birthday unsafely (and not leave when you realized the situation was unsafe like that picture with 20 people huddled together and you're in the middle). And I just work retail while you're a medical doctor. I have severe depression and depend on the structure of a work or school environment to stay productive and sane and I've managed to still socially distance to protect everyone else even if I'm struggling. Maybe what I'm saying is out of anger at the countless people I see daily at my own work who I have to help who are selfish with not following the guidelines and seeing someone who is preaching them so hard not following them is just enraging cause it fuels those selfish people and their beliefs. If you were truly sorry you would have brought it up immediately after it happened, but you are apologizing after getting caught and that is what is ruining the trust your viewers have in you.
Wait I'm so confused, I haven't watched him for so long and I just saw this video in my newsfeed. Can someone please explain to me what happened? I'm so surprised right now.
I still like you and appreciate your content. It always takes a big person to admit when they are wrong. 👍
I actually dont kniw what hes talking about😐
The good thing about this is you own your mistake and apologize unlike other politicians I know who continue to ignore protocols, deny facts and have not been truly helpful in minimizing the infection. Let's all learn from this mistake that we can't take this pandemic less seriously. Stay safe everyone.
It’s cool you did a mistake you take it back just be careful and don’t put others at risk
I am a true fan.I don’t hate him  love from india
Yall he is also human we can all mess up  and yes i know he was wrong but atleast he knows he is and hopefully something like this doesn't repeat it self.
Practice what you preach. We have all had a hard time and had to sacrifice a lot of things to keep ourselves and others safe. Why would a doctor act so recklessly and selfishly, when he knows how much pressure it puts on healthcare workers, smh.
I'm so dissapointed, you were one of my favorites :/
🙄🙄🙄
The fact that this isn't on your main channel, where most of your followers will see it, is VERY telling. Almost like you want to hide it away and not ruin your image. You are a DOCTOR, ffs, and in the middle of a pandemic you went to a large party? It's all for show. You are so disappointing.
Omg this apology video doesn't help when you post it on another channel. Come on...I have like zero respect for him. He is a doctor and if he gets sick he gonna spread to all his patients. Just go be a celebrity already not a doctor
As my mother always said "Work hard, party hard, if you want. Don't party so hard you lose everything you worked for." Dr. Mike should be horribly embarrassed but his patients are probably more so. Unethical behavior is unethical and as a doctor he should know better.
This is the last person I expected to do this.. wow
Never heard or seen this guy before...Very quickly realised he is a grade A prick.
Man! Give him a break, you can get covid going to get food.... I did and I’m classed and extremely clinically vulnerable. As a fr hr would be getting covid tests weekly and we don’t know if the other people were covid tested either. I’m not saying he’s right but he did mess up but we don’t know if anyone is sick from it
Wait why is everyone mad?
i'm so tired of having to stay home and seeing celebrities just go out and party whenever they want... we're going to be in quarantine forever at this rate
you wouldn’t have posted this if you didn’t get caught.
You were out partying like it was your 21 birthday, smh not worth it mike
why is this exclusively on your second channel
Uploading on the main channel would hurt the image.
Omgosh!  You’re allowed to live your life... I don’t think there’s an apology required.   People need to get over their “holier than thou” attitude.
Yeah he did something wrong but most people don’t even look into the cdc guide lines. If your a doctor it doesn’t mean you can’t make mistakes. It’s pretty hypocritical of him but if it was your birthday you would want to have fun with the people you like or love.
Who is liking this if most of the comments are negative?
I am thinking you are more sorry that you got caught. You mentioned the CDC, sorry I don't trust them ever since they came out and admitted they had fudged the numbers. With hospitals getting paid for every Covid death, I doubt if we will ever know the real numbers. Broken trust is very hard to earn back...
So he messed up and apologized, he's human. On several occasions I left my house without a mask one or two blocks away I realized and went back for it, not one person said anything to me and if they did I would apologized and that would be the end. People are making more of this than it is. Dr. Mike it's ok, apology accepted.
Man dude, I really liked your videos. This is just embarrassing for you. After all the videos you made about COVID you still went out and did this.
Sir, the only thing that’s transparent is your shirt.
Today's lesson of the day  : always practice what you preach.
Wdym you stay alone? What about Bear? Cmon, who's gonna take care of him if you go get admitted in hospital?
Preach, but not practice. You are a complete jerk who has made millions of dollars fooling your subscribers with your videos.
Honestly I wish people would be more real in their “apologies” just say you were sick of not being able to party all year and made a bad decision because you didn’t think people would find out. It’s the truth and more relatable than whatever this is. On your second channel btw
Literally if you wanna be a sheep be a sheep. If you don’t then don’t....🤷🏻‍♂️
You're only sorry you got caught.  You're a doctor, act like it. You have failed your viewers, the public and yourself.  Post your apology on your main channel where your viewers will see it not on a sub channel like this.  You don't deserve your success if this is how you use it.  YOU SHOULD ACT LIKE OTHER REAL DOCTORS WHO STAY AT HOME AND DON'T HAVE FAME TO USE AND ABUSE. Deeply disappointed in you because you helped me through dark times and I have been subscribed since day 1. Now... I'm unsubscribing.
I have to say I am beyond disappointed, disgusted would be more like it. I get that you checked to make sure it was fine to go on that boat, but as a doctor you should have known better. My grandmother was in a hospital for a broken leg when the covid first hit back in March/April and the nurses and doctors were not serious enough with putting masks on when checking up on her. She was infected and she died because people like you, telling us what we should do (not seeing our family and friends, not going outside, wear masks, social distance, ...) decided not to abide by the same rules. You worked on the front line in New York, you know first hand the consequences and yet you decide to go on a trip when you knew the potential risks, why because you missed your friends and being able to party? None of us were not even allowed to say goodbye to our loved ones and bury them with the dignity and respect they deserved. Yes, as humans, we make mistakes but in this instance, as a doctor, you are unforgivable.
My father is a doctor. He comes home exhausted every night. He cannot hug his parents or stay for dinner when they invite him. He worries every day about the safety of his family. He is burdened with the guilt of all the patients he couldn’t save from COVID. What you did was not only irresponsible it was an insult for all of the medical staff who have to sacrifice the normalcy of their lives so you can party. So no I do not accept your apology. You deserve to have your license revoked.
Woopsies 😬😬
☹️
You went to see your dad. that’s not risk adverse in any way, shape, or form. you put your dad at risk. you know this. you know that testing negative means relatively nothing when going into big groups because you can test positive the next day. You know gathering in groups no matter the circumstance is unsafe right now. you could have told your friends thanks for the sentiment, but I cant participate because this isn’t safe. prefacing this “apology” with justifying your unsafe actions is damaging and shows that you don’t really know or care that your actions were wrong. You have a large social media following, and have many appearances on TV. You should know the impact of your actions. The fact that this “apology” isn’t on your main channel seals the deal for me. I shouldn’t have to seek out an “apology” from someone people should know not to trust anymore. All of these show that you’re just sorry you go caught. Extremely disappointing.  edit: i was informed he didn’t actually see his dad, but the sentiment is still the same.
You mentioned following all testing and quarantine guidelines, but what about all the others you were in contact with on the plane down and on the boat?  Did all of them do this too?  Two weeks self isolation is what they recommend in the UK and we still have the highest numbers in Europe.  One birthday celebration could equate to multiple funerals for families you will never know nor have contact with, but one asymptomatic person on that boat or plane not testing or choosing to quarantine and you have a new pocket of cases.   Don't buckle under peer pressure when the dangers to others, near and far, are so uncertain.  Your actions prove we all need to let off steam, but until this virus is controlled better through vaccines and improved and quicker testing, we all need to find other outlets and be patient. X
I think he got caught it up in the moment and he made a mistake. He is in the public eye so his mistake was blasted. I know he will come back from this. ❤️❤️❤️ we love you mike!
you living alone doesnt really fly considering you're a doctor. ergo, you meet not just strangers, but ill and potentially weaker strangers health and immunity wise all the time. do you expect them to feel safe being around you after this?  dude a lot of people were cremated alone. people spent thanskgiving alone. my niece never got to experience kindergarten with other kids. my brother's been using a busted up laptop just to graduate.   partying should've been an obvious no from the get go. look, i loved your channel before doubting that maybe its only for show... but ''youtuber doctor'' is just sounding like ''youtuber." at the moment. you provide helpful advice but that's it.
As a doctor why are you denying decades and decades of scientific fact and experience of how viruses work. You encouraging people to lock down, to wear a mask, you are going to kill more vulnerable people because you’re stopping the natural progression of the virus and preventing community immunity from developing quickly. You will never stop nature, go do some real research and join the front line doctors of America and stop being a coward
post it on your real channel, doc!
It’s ok mike!!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You’re literally a doctor. No excuses.
Why is this not on the main channel? Seems like you're trying to sweep it under the rug. If you were actually sorry you'd put it on the main channel.
its not being wrong its being a lying hypocrite
Doctor Mike- you should not have to feel as though you need to apologize for calculating the risk for yourself, your friends and your family. COVID is real- destroying your personal life and the lives of millions is unacceptable and that is why I will no longer be supporting and watching your content. Spreading this message just like every other Democrat that has broken their own rules is because of one simple reason- this is not as deadly as everyone has made it out to be. Thank you and I wish you and your family well and happy holidays.
I trusted you, but you're just another celebrity. And why isn't this posted on your main channel? 🤔
I'm guessing you got on pain to fly home right? So yeah, you did risk spreading it...
So instead of posting this apology on your main channel that has HUGE amount of following to avoid the risk of losing subscribers, you chose to upload it on this one...... That should tell you something.
How did you come to your conclusion of individual risk on that boat spesifically though? Did you all get tests? how do you test 2 week contaigion period pre covid detectability, and the 2 week post covid detectability? Did you think about yourself and your family? (Covid has shown to give people blod clots, and (if not human made) will mutate at a staggeringly rate and will get new dangerous mutations like every 3rd month - 6 months
Put this video on your main channel
When I was arguing with my family about the seriousness of covid, I used you as a reference. Now they are even more skeptical of the pandemic. You may have indirectly killed people because of this stunt Dr. Mike. I’m disappointed.
I didn’t even celebrated my birthday party this year because of the pandemic. I facetimed my friends instead.
Uploads on secound channel, removes link from main channel..  Coincidunks?
no one: yet all of us: WE DONT WANT EXCUSESSSSS!!!!!
I am so disappointed. But this on your main channel if you care but ... we know better now 🤦🏽‍♀️
Honestly, I couldn't really care what you do or think. This is the problem with the medical influencer community. You put yourself in the spotlight by trying to be this "ideal perfect doctor" giving everyone medical advice, etc. But then you forget that you're human and do stupid things that goes against what you said. If you cannot practice what your preach I'm not too sure why you're here. That's why I try my best to stay out of social media or at best have my work life and private life completely separate. I feel that medical influencers put too much faith in their social media lives than their actual jobs itself. It's a joke honestly. Yesterday, I saw one of the medical residents filming herself over and over again trying to come up with the best intro to her vlog when she was needed to chart 15+ patients before rounds. Not trying to bash, but I feel this whole social media craze over doctors is getting out of control to the point it's affecting patients, the medical team, and even the medical social influencer's psyche. I get it, when you're big on social media it's a self esteem boost but if you're driving it to the point that you make mockery of yourself then you're making a mockery of the profession, the hospital, the medical team, and your patients that you care for. How can we trust to follow your medical advice when you cannot even practice it yourself? I'm not saying you should leave social media but I highly recommend you smarten yourself up and straighten yourself up since you are a face of this highly noble profession.
He's wrong-- Period. This video is meaningless because he for some reason didn't dare to post this straightly on his main channel-- Period.    But still, people won't care as much if he isn't as good looking as he is. Especially related with that particular photo where he's smiling between ladies. 😏 Doesn't it feels good finding someone else's flaws?
Your literally a DOCTER what. Evreyone had a birthday. People missed funerals.
lmaooo i wanna say something mean but i cant
Im sure a lot of us have forgotten a mask once or twice but I can see how since you have a huge reach on a lot of people, small things like this can be much more dangerous. I'm sure if people tried to see things from how he saw it, like an average human not a celebrity influencer, they could empathize. I forget about masks a lot, especially when I am just going outside for a bit and forget about how many people actually live near me. I downplay the situation a lot and forget simple things, none of us are perfect and you can't expect Dr Mike to be perfect because he is still learning and growing and adapting to the situation like all of us (•‿•)
I really am a fan of your youtube channel. you inspire me to live a better life and to work hard for it. everyone here does. we look up to you for advice and believe that you speak the truth being a recognised medical doctor.   maybe if you realised this before it got all over the news, we would have accepted your apology but this just seems like you're trying to maintain your reputation now that you've been caught breaking the rules.   the other reason we think this is ridiculous is because you are posting this on your other smaller youtube channel which only a few know that exists. you are trying to hide the fact that you've messed up.   you start the video by justifying your actions and then proceed to say that it was your fault and you are sorry for that. It feels very manipulative and non-genuine.  Anyway, what I wanted to say is that its okay to make mistakes, as you told, we all are humans and capable to make mistakes but at the same time, the least we could expect is a proper apology and you taking responsibility on your main channel where the majority of us could hear you.   let's stay safe.
............
Wow dude. Embarrassing. And hiding on your second channel.
See guys....just because someone's a doctor, doesn't mean they can't still be a 20 something year old idiot too........
Be humble to see your mistakes, courageous to admit them and wise enough to correct them.   Apologies aren't meant to change the past, they are meant to change the future.  We are only human, and so is Dr Mike.  Yet all these comments make it like he is the reason for this pandemic. Acting like we never make mistakes.... Unfortunate downside of putting yourself out there I guess =/
I really thought of u as my idol but u disappointed me Dr Mike
Omg hes still saying wear a mask, while he didn’t when he was in a party, p a t h e t i c
what happened
I am a medical professional in Australia and I want to preface this with saying I do understand the stresses and issues that relate to being a medical professional during COVID-19. There is no doubt Dr Mike has made a major mistake. What really gets me annoyed is that I really feel that his apology is not so much as an apology and more of a statement of damage control. I can completely give Dr Mike another chance on the mistake side of things as I have made mistakes aswell and so have all of you. Where I really struggle is with this video. I will give you a very personal example, in 2014 I went to a friend's birthday party I had just taken 2 months off work to relax as it had been a challenging year so I was not seeing patients for another two months. Whilst at that party I made a bad decision and used an illicit substance ( Cocaine ) as far as I was aware no one saw me do it or had any idea but the very next day I felt so bad that I self reported myself to the AMA and was given a warning. My colleagues were not told but I addressed them in private to inform them so they could learn from my mistakes and many of them admitted to me of making similar mistakes themselves. Now if Dr Mike had not of been called out would he have made this public ? I don't think so. Would he have protected his image and financial situation above his integrity Im not sure but I'm suspicious he would have. I think we should be able to forgive Dr Mike for his mistake but until he shows that he has really accepted responsibility for it we should not forget it. I will not comment on his competency as a Dr as I think he is a good one and this does not effect my thought there and I will say that as a medical professional we can accept the mistake and support Dr Mike if he chooses to truly accept responsibility. The fact that this on a second Channel and he really tried to mention all the excuses about guide lines and all that shows me he has not truly accepted responsibility for his actions. And I don't think the reason to make this video is because of the conspiracy theories I mean seriously that's an insult to viewers any logical person knows that a doctor's actions never overpower science. I'm not sure if his ego is just that big or if he is lying in that regard. The reason is to do damage control and try and protect his brand and that's not good enough. Anyways that's just my opinion as a medical professional I will also say guys please do follow the advice that's out there in regards to masks and anything else backed by doctors even though we make mistakes we do know what we are doing when it comes to COVID-19 (certainly here in Australia at least). Stay safe everyone and I feel for you Americans who are still being really hurt by this pandemic. Regards
Y didn't you upload this on your main channel?
Only imbeciles think that covid stops existing outside of a grocery store. Your personal gatherings aren’t a necessity, and if people complied instead of sneaking around like you, this would’ve been over much faster. Numerous other nations have been functioning normally for months.
Come on Guys, Dont give him a negative comments on instragram or youtube He is a doctor who saved many many peoples . Job of doctors dont have any holidays like you other jobs There job is more risky than other jobs . Let them have fun one day think wise dont be thinking unfair . You guys stay home and rest well eat well and comment to doctor that is unfair that your going out .
We are all struggling??? Bullshit! You are not struggling, and neither are all the Democrats that have been caught violating the very things they have been telling everyone else to do. At least I know now why you defended the WHO so strongly, even though they were knowingly defending CCP China from the beginning. Hell, you even defended China and said you believed their official numbers. You are a hypocrite, plain and simple. You are only doing this video because your hand got caught in the cookie jar.
Plot twist : he had a back up vaccine for the virus.
Yous a killer Mike , but you not Killer Mike
so kim k can fly her whole family and friends out but mike cant spend his bday with some friends on a boat?? people are so fucking annoying. just bc hes a doctor he cant do anything?? like yall follow the covid guidelines
Dr Mike, everyone has been feeling the effects of the pandemic not just you. As a doctor you take an oath to “do no harm”. We may never know the direct effects of your party but the fact the you took this oath and even considered putting yourself in a situation where there is a risk for not just you but OTHERS to be harmed is extremely disrespectful to individuals and to the medical profession as a whole. I sincerely hope that you take this and all feedback and use it as a learning experience so you can do and be better.
*goes down to Miami to visit father and is a DOCTOR*  “iT oNly aFfeCtS mE”...
You’re a doctor bro. Stand by your profession. Sounds like you’re just making excuses
alr he admitted he was wrong and did a mistake. he is apologizing. he is human. he has done a mistake. we all make mistakes. im not saying what he did before was right, what im saying is him apologizing is right. not everyone can admit to their mistakes. ⭐️ have a nice day. 😇
We should trust his medical knowledge of how covid can't affect hot girls in bikinis 😏 am I right fellow influence doctors?
If you want us to believe this is a sincere apology then you should have posted this on your main... grow up.
A doctor with influence and fame was partying while everyone else gives up normal life
Cancelled
The impact of your trip...can harm the medical message? Try again. How about the impact of your actions could kill people? Death toll in the US is currently 277,000. Don't give us that "risk is a spectrum" BS. People are dead Dr. Mike. And you're actively contributing to the spread of the deadly disease responsible for those deaths.
Even when what he did was WRONG! What he is saying in his videos - to wear masks and be cautious still stands true! Don't let his slip affect the way you act during this pandemic.
I guess you can say that you been un'mask'ed, amirite????        Alright, lmma go kill myself.
SHAME SHAME SHAME. I spent my birthday alone! You couldn’t pass up one birthday party?
Держись майк! Столько злобы и обиды у всех в комментариях, ‘лицемер, лицемер’.... В одну минуту забыли про все годы позитива, что ты приносил всем и добра, про отличные ролики и полезные советы. Как будто все святые вокруг. Все наладится!
I still don't understand what did he do wrong?
Shame on you. What a hypocrite.
"Don't touch the doctor unless he asks " dr Edward Richtofen
Dr. Mike, this was not a mistake but a stupid and recless behaviour on behalf of someone who wants to lead community. Plus you possibly already realized but the "supposed" friends are the one who leaked the footage so if I were you I would reconsider who I call my friend.
yikes.
He’s not sorry he’s sorry he got caught. Thats literally what he’s saying in his “apology”. He said he’s sorry the impact people finding out had on the medical community. PEOPLE ARE FUCKING DYING, YOU COULD HAVE CARRIED IT AND GAVE IT TO AN IMMUNE COMPROMISED OR OLD PERSON. He literally said he thinks the risk was “okay”. Your sick and dillusional and hypocritical people can’t even bury the dead right now and your traveling, out on a boat with 10+ people in close proximity partying it up!! 🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮
Can you put this on your main channel?
Honestly, your job should be in question. I'm not one for cancel culture, but this is so beyond irresponsible. You put your own patients at risk.
I knew you weren’t a real doctor😐
We’re allowed to live our lives the way we choose to. Yes, he’s a doctor with a large following and platform, but he’s also a person who wanted to have a good time with his friends 🤷‍♀️ Cancel culture is too extreme
I am so beyond disappointed. I really looked up to you, I want to be a doctor to help and educate others. But the one thing I won’t be is a hypocrite.
I lost a lot of respect for you ...
Oh no never did I think I’d live to see dr mike getting cancelled...
"Continue being transparent and honest"... Yeah like posting on a second channel no one knows about. And filling the whole video with deflections and excuses before FINALLY admitting to messing up and trying to do better. And only making a video about it after he got called out. 🤨
As someone who appreciated Dr. Mike’s content regarding covid I’m thoroughly disgusted by his actions. The hypocrisy is astounding. He of all people knew exactly what he was getting into, but yeah blame your friends and the guidelines in Miami. Do better.
You are a doctor and an adult. You should know better. This is unforgivable. It‘s truly disappointing.
Shut up
Maybe if you stanned loona
Nah, sorry but you’re part of the problem. You know the damage you’ve just caused, and you’re trying to find loopholes. I am so disappointed with you, you were a role model and hero to many of us. You’re human, but you’re a Dr so you should know better. I can’t believe your whole channel was just a facade. You’re not even truly sorry because this isn’t even on your main channel. You should feel far more ashamed than from what you do now.
I do not accept your apology. I am extremely disappointed in you. Honestly appalled. Your behavior has told us that you cannot be a trusted source of information. As a public health educator, you had a responsibility to exemplify proper safety protocol. You have lost my trust and my respect. A part of that respect is gone forever, but the remaining respect can be earned back by repairing the damage you have caused. NOT by posting videos where you rationalize your inappropriate behavior.
I dont feel like this is a apology, maybe just say that you were in the bad and be decent. An YES this is main channel content not "clips" content. If you really wanted people to see it you could post it on both. You still meet people in your youtube videos, and you got on a plane to Miami?
As a long time viewer i am rather disappointed by the fact that : 1) you decided to conceal this whole drama by posting it on another channel. 2)your apology video has a lot of ambiguity whether it's about the number of people on the boat or the risk level.  In any case it is true that you messed up but i am glad that you realized it's impacts though rather late. it's a difficult time and mental health is important for everyone, even dr. mike so i hope people try not to spread a lot of negativity. i hope you realize that you have a lot of viewers not just with in US but all over the world. At the end of the day you are a celebrity and people do look up to you. so your actions have a HUGE impact regardless of what you think or are aware about.
I almost thought this was Mike Hanson and I was thoroughly starting to become disappointed. But how can you take this guy seriously as Dr. Hansen. I am happy it wasn’t Dr. Hansen. I realized I am not following this dude and glad I’m not, looked like an orgy party too. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
disappointed to see who i thought was one of the better creators on this app turn out like everyone else.
More like bbeeeeeee 🐝 WHOOPS🙈
Why isn't this in the main channel?!!!
DONT BE SHY, PUT IT ON YOUR ✨MAIN CHANNEL✨
IM AN ISRAELI LIVING IN SWEDEN! THE LOCKDOWNS HAVE NO SCIENTIFIC GROUND! DR MIKE YOU ARE A ESTABLISHMENT BULLSHITTER!
Ew. lost all respect.
You just put so many of your patients at risk. You also WORK with patients so you put your friends and family at risk. The risk was NOT “okay”. So irresponsible. So disappointing. I looked up to you. You have been telling us FOR MONTHS to stay home. And you do this?
so fucking disappointed ur credibility went 📉📉📉📉📉
Post this on the main channel Mike, where people could see it.
you know youre meant to stay at home especially as a doctor this video is embarassing
So absolute bullshit, you shouldn't  have done that you are a fucking doctor
I am so tired of people arguing that they are healthy, live alone, or will get tested before seeing others. If something were to go wrong, and with this virus things seem to frequently go wrong even for healthy people, you might need to go to the hospital, where nurses and doctors with families, that may not be as healthy as you or have things like asthma would have to treat you. Yes, they should be wearing proper ppe, but some hospitals have been understocked and it is possible that they could still get the virus. I would hope as a health care provider Dr. Mike would realize that.
I’m still your fan Doctor Mike. At the end of the day, the good things you’ve done over the years by using your platform outweigh this mistake. People can say what they want about this incident and this apology, but having been your fan for nearly 4 years now, I know you have a good heart. You’ve worked so hard and helped many people and I know you try your best to do the right thing. I’m not downplaying this incident, it was a clear mistake on your part. I’m sure you’re really sorry and this apology came from the heart. I hope you can recover from this and keep on doing what you do best, being a doctor and influencer. Love, from your number one fan in Australia 💜
More like Dr. GOOF. He pads his apology with excuses of why his actions was not that bad then gives a soft-ball apology. Also, why isn't he posting an apology on his main channel? Oh yeah, that's where the cash-cow money comes from and too many thumbs down will hurt his algorithm and increase demonetization. Just an example of the growing distrust in the medical profession and why growing number of people go outside the country to get medical care.
You want us to take this video legit? Post it on your main channel you fake.
Rules for thee but not for me.......
I guess rules don’t apply to you
No one is perfect. We try our best and sometimes after the fact we see where we could have done better. We all have been there and all the negative people have too and won’t admit it. Continue bringing us medical knowledge and be self forgiving😊
I just have to say that its very disappointing when someone you look up to and trust let's you down. We have so many politicians and government leaders asking the people to do the right thing but are then  unwilling to do right themselves if it is inconvenient or undesirable. I understand he's only human and nobody is perfect. I believe he acted on impulse and later regretted the decision. The "guidelines" he claimed to follow were probably an after thought to cushion the fall. I will be more mindful from here on to chose carefully who I trust and follow. If Dr. Mike's actions stand behind his words he might regain trust with his followers. Nonetheless I appreciate the apology and ownership of his mistake.
You lost my respect🤡
Oh no, I'm very disappointed on doctor Mike, he's given so much helpful information to keep people aware of the risks and realities of covid-19, i can't believe it, this is a major setback to the scientific community who's being trying to inform people about the best practices to fight the spreading of this virus, I mean, it's hard enough to get through people that don't believe in science, but when the people that do believe predict with a terrible example, it becomes impossible. 💔
Don't be so hard about yourself. You are human after all.
I feel betrayed
I believed you weren’t a hypocrite but honestly screw you. This is just ammo for people who say it’s fake. I’m sick and tired of rich and privileged people being hypocrites and doing such selfish things. Unbelievable.
HE'S A DOCTOR, why would he take a risk like that, can't believe he would do something like this fucking hypocrite.
He didn’t post this “apology” on his main channel bc he knows people’s first reaction would likely be to unfollow him so he’d rather lose subscribers on this channel. If you go see his main channel, he’s barely lost any subscribers (6 plus million).This apology was barely one, I would have preferred him fake crying than acting like a victim or a target of “bad actors”....he is a hypocrite and I will never watch another video of his again. 🙄
Doctor Mike Is Cancel
Embarrassing dude you are a doctor, do better.
This guy is clearly not believing his own message.
Why Are you even in healthcare? I would never put other humans at possible risk like that right now
This is not an apology this is my excuses why I did a stupid thing video.
You disappoint many people doc.
Love you long time, Dr. Mike.
Fake asf
Jesus give the man a break, he fucked up he’s human, like all of us.
So disappointed in Dr. Mike. This video also falls very flat. 😔
Dr. Mike I do not want to send hate, but it would be great if you could post this on your main channel. Thats where you can properly be accountable. I think you owe this to your viewers who support you and look up to you for advice.
Thank you for being honest , don’t do it again. I has asthma and am working and scared to go out, but I have to work. Be carful, don’t infect anyone or get infected. I will still watch you. If these people want you to post on main channel do it. If you’ve asked God forgiveness and now us and will NOT I intentionally do it again ever. Enough said
I had no idea he was partying maskless and also had no idea he posted an apology video because he didn’t post it on his main channel, where it belongs
my birthday was a week ago and i celebrated my birthday with my parents who i live with. however you spent months saying how important it is to wear a mask during this pandemic, not to go to parties, to socially distance yourself but here we are. you only feel bad because you got caught.
thousands of high school students worked hard for 12 years of their lives and didn’t have a proper graduation this year because of the pandemic. but i’m sure ur yacht party was more important.
We still love you.
Hypocrite
This truly breaks my heart, ‘cause he was actually one of the very few people I genuinely admired on YT. Now, idk what to feel about him, anymore.
Doctor Mike, you have been such a great help for me and my family. I live in Ecuador so access to this kind of doctors (your kind) or information are really difficult to have. So, yes you commited a mistake, a big one jaja. But pleaseee don't stop doing what you are doing. Again, for me and family with simple things like oh doctor Mike says that we should eat that or sleep for that long, we have changed ou habits little by little. And partly because of you. It really makes me sad seeing you like this. But you are human, and despite all, I still respect you and will listen to you.  Abrazos enormes ❤️❤️
Because of the pandemic i cant be there for momentous occasions in my life and my friend’s lives. college graduation was canceled, i lost an entire collegiate sports season, I’ve missed marriages, engagements, and i haven’t gotten to see my grandparents since February. and the excuse of “i live alone” doesn’t hold up ESPECIALLY as a medical professional. i live alone but to keep myself and others who are at a greater risk than me safe, i abide by the guidelines laid out by MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS (which you are) and the CDC. do better. you’ve disappointed millions.
Really disappointed, I really respected you
This is so disappointing.
Put this on the main channel you coward
if being a doctor doesn't work out you can always be an actor. god this was so fake
YOU WERE SO LOUD ABOUT STAYING HOME, SOCIAL DISTANCING, WEARING MASKS. And you couldn’t do it yourself. It wasn’t like this was a funeral or a necessity in the slightest. Say sorry to all the people who lost their loved ones. You lost my respect.
I can't get over this. It's just so upsetting. Since the original stay-at-home orders back in March, I have been extremely vigilante. I don't leave my house unless it's to the grocery store or to my parents' house, who also don't go anywhere but the store or my house. I wear a mask when I go outside, every single time. I have been lonely and depressed, but I care about other people, so I do it for them. My 30th birthday was in October, which was something I had been looking forward to for a long time, but I STAYED HOME. You're a freaking doctor, who has been preaching about the importance of wearing masks, social distancing, and staying home. I've known for months that it's idiots who aren't listening to your good advise that are the reason the numbers are getting worse and worse, but I never imagined you would be one of those idiots. I'm absolutely infuriated at this and appalled that I ever looked up to you.
This wasn't a lapse in judgement. This was a premeditated disaster of a mistake. You had ample opportunity to not do any of the things you did wrong here. Honestly this is pretty appalling.
Anyway, he's on a lake trip now Tryna reflect he said How many person you brought along for the reflection, huh?
show you're actually sorry by posting this on main channel, it's pretty shady you posted this on your second channel which only has 70k subs.
intro felt so scripted gosh
I.Don’t.Care.What.You.Do.In.Ur.Spare.Time.You.Don’t.Have.To.Apologize.Just.Because.You.Had.A.Party.   YOU GOOD FAM
Honestly I get it trying to follow the rules all the time is difficult. I honestly don't care that he was seen on a boat in Miami without the mask. I think it's more the fact that your a well respected adult posing in photos with barely dressed women with propane gestures. not cool, either keep those pictures to yourself or don't take them. even what the people around you are doing affects your image to the society
I am so disappointed 😭😭😭
I don't know if you'll even see this Dr. Mike, however we're all human and nobody is perfect. I get that it was not the best decision on your part but I'm glad you're OK. Thanks for your videos! ❤️
I don't think he needs to apologize at all.  He's young its stressful out there.  Everyone needs to back off already.  He made a mistake by having fun on his birthday... big whoop! It's not right that some people want him to be perfect while he's human... goodness. It's so upsetting how quick people can turn on others.
Why is this on his channel that has 1000x less subscribers than his actual one? If people can't see that we've been had, and that there is no pandemic or issue going on where so few people are dying from this that Doctors like him & politicians had to lie about and greatly skew the numbers to justify a lockdown. Don't be scared people, take off your masks, go see your friends and family, START LIVING AGAIN. This has gone too far, it's time to take back our lives.
1. Didn’t post this on his main channel  2. Made some absolutely ABSURD excuses having found a loophole in the guidelines and essentially followed the letter of the law instead of the spirit of the law, knowing it was wrong 3. Apologizing to “Very specific people...” ??  4. The absolute and utter hypocrisy of these actions in general Tons and tons of Doctor Mike viewers are the people responsible enough to stay home! And social distance properly! It’s like he’s slapped them in the face, and told them those rules only apply to everyone else, not him. This isn’t an appropriate response to that slap. Staying home is a huge huge sacrifice, and is truly taking a toll on us all. It’s like that sacrifice is for nothing because of people being irresponsible, and Doctor Mike has made himself one of those irresponsible people needlessly spreading COVID. In a time of a huge increase in cases, no less (...not sure when that party was from, I assume it’s at least somewhat recent?).  Of course people are upset, and he should care about that too. Don’t bother to worry about people claiming COVID is fake... People that think that would have thought it already without his support.
Risk is a spectrum? You have patients. Patients who you may see and if you are infected and they are not, you can infect. I would hate it if my mom’s doctor wasn’t being safe and if she got sick because of his careless and hypocrite actions. Not cool man. Disappointed.
Can people just stop.He made a mistake i bet everyone has gone out either with friends and family so please just leave it alone.Atleast he's admitting it. Thank you apologizing.Just think about it more next time if it ever even happens. Be Safe!!!
:( wow..... i really liked your channel too. dissapointed in you sir. You started your channel(s) to reach people, to connect, to be something for the community and you threw it away to party. How does it feel to collectively lose the trust you've spent years trying to build? You're losing fans, but really, the worst part is you're creating what you claimed to be against the most- distrust in the medical industry.
All perfect human beings in the comments down below.......
Dirt bag
I definitely wouldn't want him to be my doctor. Just a bad actor.
I feel like I'm missing something... he went on a boat with his family? Isn't that allowed? I'm in Canada so rules are probably different, but here you can get together with family. He said he followed the local Covid regulations, so why the apology? It didn't sound like he had a big party with lots of people, I believe the max is 6 people... When I'm together with my family, we don't wear a mask with each other, just if we're out in public (which is basically just to the grocery store and my husband's job is an essential service)
Remember everyone, don't do what Dr. Mike says do what Dr. Mike does. Keep leading the peasants  by example Dr. Mike
What really bothers me is that more than half of y’all don’t even wash your hands before you eat, yet you feel like you can judge this man for his actions. Y’all are the real hypocrites here.
Why do all the channels that I just watch to relax gotta be like this
You know it was a good apology when everyone is just putting the bullshit coming out of your face in quotes. Hahaha like dude, do you hear yourself?
I thought you knew better. Own up to your mistakes and post this in your main channel.
I’m the most watched.....
hes goes to the gym. in a pandemic. mike you SHOULD know better.
"And while I may be following rules and guidelines." YOU WERE NOT FOLLOWING RULES AND GUIDELINES! What bull! YOU ARE NOT CREDIBLE.
Coward for posting on your smaller channel. Disappointing
Ok .. Plp being mad over this or disappointed but reality is almost 90% of the population in the USA care less about wearing a mask or social distancing. As soon as restaurants, stores, bars, clubs etc... opened the majority of plp were there, standing in line to go in. A lot of them with no social distancing ...the only reason most plp have a mask on is because a lot of places requires you to have it on when entering their location. Yes he is a doctor, yes he is considered public figure, yes he is always talking about taking precautions but it doesn't mean his not human, or make mistakes or have the need to forget about all the stressful situation we are leaving now with the pandemic, we all need a break and chill. I can almost warranty many of you pointing the finger have done something similar. Going out with friends and taking yalls mask off. Even gathering with relatives and not wearing a mask. Stop making everything little thing a huge deal.
you’re trying too hard to defend your actions just apologize and stfu
You got caught. Rules for thee but not me. 🤦🏽‍♀️
Guarantee that everyone in the comments me included have broken these rules way more than once 🤓
Also if you hadn't got caught, you wouldn't have cared. You have put so many of your patients at risk by doing this also. No excuse.
Argh I have lost all respect. Unsubscribed from your main channel. Also this video should be on your main channel. As you have a lot less subscribers on this one. It's like you made it a point so not as many people see this video! Your a doctor for crying out loud. You set an example for others. This has made me so angry. It doesn't matter if you think you individually aren't putting yourself at risk. You could have covid and be asymptomatic or the others you partied with. And then that will spread and can make others who arent asymptomatic sick. Including elderly family members. So irresponsible.
He is not any less human just because he is a doctor. We all make mistakes. Over half of the US isn’t following CDC guidelines at all, and haven’t been for months. Those people are the problem. If he has been following the guidelines and social distancing STRICTLY all year, he just finally gave in to his temptations. I doubt half of the people leaving hateful comments would have turned down the same thing. If everyone on the boat has also been social distancing and following the rules, then it’s also not likely any of them were infected. We also don’t know if they had planned on quarantining themselves after the party. Lastly, he is a doctor. He is going to be wearing a mask, gloves, washing hands, taking his temp, sanitizing, etc. before seeing patients so I doubt he will be infecting anyone that way. COVID is serious and I don’t think his message is lost just because he had a boat party with less than 20 people.
Okay I believe this is sincere but my dude, you didn’t even get into exactly what you did and why it was harmful- also, I can’t tell by your explanation if you got anyone sick, if you got tested before and after, if you completely quarantined when you got back, if your friends and family were quarantining before and after as well, when you started seeing patients again after this- this isn’t the whole story and I have a feeling if you told the whole story and it included ALL the precautions you took, less people would be upset
Thank you Dr. Mike.  I for one appreciate you owning up to your mistake and still enforcing the importance of masks during this very real pandemic.  We’re all human and it sounds like you learned from your mistake.  Thank you.
Totally lost my respect. I really trusted this guy. And now I don’t. Didn’t think I would ever see the day when Mike wouldn’t follow his own advice.
Oh my script
You let yourself down.
I would like to know what your former guest on the main channel, Dr. Fauci, has to say about this.
Liberal
YOURE A DOCTOR YOURE A DOCTOR YOURE A DOCTOR YOURE A MF DOCTOR!!!!!!!!!  I’m a med student and like many others here looked up to you. I’m speechless and so disappointed.
Let the doc live life lmao
This makes what he did even worse. He isn’t even genuinely sorry, just trying to save face with this pathetic act. If you’re not sorry don’t apologize and insult our intelligence with this fake BS.
Tf is this?! This bish really expecting us to wear masks and social distance when he himself ISN'T PRACTICING WHAT HE PREACHES!!   This is hypocritical, I did not celebrate my birthday this year,people only posted on my sm pages wishing me well. Tf!!
i just find it really interesting that everyday people are being absolutely VILIFIED for having dinner with a friend while rich people are literally constantly partying and just living it up. i hate it here.
lofuckingl
Eh your human. People like to act like you need to be perfect, but no one is. Odds are the people calling you out have done this themselves as well.
Douchey
Just recently got into medical school. I can honestly say that people like you are a huge disappointment and make everyone in the field of medicine look awful. I hope you learned your lesson. You’re hurting everyone with your hypocrisy.
Dude ur a doctor you deal with people every day wtf are you talking about
He should be embarrassed to call himself a "doctor" after doing something like this...
Imagine being a doctor and not following simple health procedures... embarrassing lol
A lot of people here are acting like they have never made a mistake or a  questionable decision before in their life.
dude i´m on my 2nd year of med school and i know better than to go partying, this is so disappointing
*sigh* Mike, I honestly had higher standards for you as you are health professional. But this was disappointing. I understand you are human too so maybe it was just a lapse in judgement.
Man, what a bummer,!!! I really liked Dr. Mike and he just have the conspiracy theorist something to talk about. Plus, why didn't he publish this his main channel! I think I am done. :-(
Your only human, if it was me on that yacht nobody would’ve cared.  I get it your a doctor and held to a higher standard, I know it looks bad in the eyes of some.  What just because you took a picture with some hotties on a friend’s yacht??!  If only we could be so fortunate.  Your only human and have needs like all the rest of us. You’re DOCTOR MIKE but you do have a private life separate from your job though right. In my opinion as long as you’re not doing anything mean, nasty, hurtful, grossly inappropriate or illegal it’s your own business.
Because you know .... masks don’t help. Because you are also a puppet
post it on your main channel if you really care
This whole apology is patronising to the extreme. Does he think we are stupid?
I've been a covid nurse for months now and this is hard to see. I really don't care that Doc Mike didn't wear a mask. It's his life he can do what he wants. What really hurts is all of these people who are convinced that covid is "fake" are going to take this as an example of why they should not wear a mask. Cases are rising and now my hospital is considering opening up another covid unit because we are full. But we simply don't have the staffing for it. Please,  wear a mask. Yes, everyone is responsible for doing their part.  Please know, Masks do NOT protect you. They only stop you from spreading the virus to others if you have it.  I would go as far as to say most people are symptom-free and can recover fine at home. My sister was one of those people she only had a slight headache and lost her sense of taste. But others are not so lucky. I have had a coworker die from complications of covid. This is serious and it is very real. Please help out your health care workers, do your part, and wear a mask. Please, please, please wear it correctly it doesn't count if it's below your nose. 😒😁 Thanks, I am sorry you all have to wear masks now but know it does help when everything was shut down and everyone was isolating we had a quarter of the pt load we are getting now. Covid is not going anywhere and health care workers need your help.
This is a fucking joke.
How do you not put anyone at risk when your a ducking doctor!!!!!!!!
We couldn’t hold a funeral for my grandma because people keep doing things like this.   You have a thorough understanding of the risks & guidelines, but think about what message normal people receive when they see a famous doctor on a boat with a bunch of people. Those people are why we couldn’t hold a funeral for my grandma.   I’m a nursing student & a huge fan. I’m truly disappointed.   Also, the fact that you posted this on your FAR smaller channel completely undermined any nobility this grand act of “taking accountability” had.
I will continue abiding by best practices that dr "Mike" refused and failed to follow.
At the end of the day, people are really disappointing... Really admired this man. I get we all make mistakes but this wasn’t a mistake, this was a laugh in the face to all of us who listened to your advice.
I can't take anything he says seriously after this... so disappointed.
Dang, I am disappointed.  I was expecting a few privileged fake tears.  Sad.  😒
Dr.Mike: attack me.  Me:naked?  Dr Mike: what? Me:
For someone who calculated so many risks, you didn't seem to fully calculate the risk and following outcry of someone posting pics and exposing your azz 🤓
This is so disappointing. People make mistakes but knowing all that you know and ALSO hiding it is such a slap in the face to all of us.
Dw about it doc, you clearly took enough precaution for it to be mostly safe.  Unfortunately you and many like you instilled a culture of fear and anxiety in the population that won't soon be corrected
Im so disappointed in you, you’re a whole doctor, someone we’re supposed to look up to.
No need to apologize. All you did was visit friends and family in small enough groups... like we're supposed to be doing, right.
Post this on your main channel you coward.
Rich people.... This is embarrassing!!
Your apology is a absolutely joke.  It’s not even on your main Chanel.  You’ve put your patients at risk. I was a loyal follower and  listened to your advice.  Yes, you’ve absolutely let me down.  . I’ve been in my house for most of the year, as have many people.really trying to do there part.  Wedding, funeral,  were cancelled ( my own sons wedding included) people are dying without there loved ones. Because it was a surprise arranged by your friends you couldn’t say no.  You had no intentions on not getting on that boat.  Rant over.
Guys stop with all these hate comments........ I can’t like them all😔
We trusted you. Just started getting in to your content. You seemed a little insincere but I gave you the benefits of doubt. When me and my family contracted covid I turned to your information for guidance. Be genuine! This stinks of inconsistencies. Your now one of those doctors that anti-maskers refer to. Disappointed.
dang i looked up to dr mike... but after seeing the hypocrisy and the type of people he hangs with... yeaaaaaa....
put this on your main channel, to actually "Make an impact".....
Do not let one mistake keep you from doing the great work that you have been doing.
I have a toddler who is behind socially because we have been being responsible not going to play dates not interacting with huge crowds. I've had to sacrifice having a birthday for her going home for the holidays...  we are military so we live overseas so because of this pandemic I have not seen my family now in two years because we canceled our trip back home. so for you to sit here and tell me that "oopsie... I made a mistake! I got on a boat and got caught" is ridiculous.  both my husband and I have been working and going to school from home while trying to balance taking care of her toddler for a year almost now.  So for me to be sitting here stressing over not being able to pass my classes because I am trying to balance being a stay at home mom with ZERO help because I am making sure our bubble stays small, while watching my toddler fall behind socially because she doesn't get to be around kids her age (which I am sure you know is important) is just infuriating.   I have Mom friends that can't get into speech delay therapy or physical therapy for their kids because there's just not enough availability because of COVID.   for me to turn down seeing my family that I have not seen in two years was hard but I did it because of the fact that I'm not an idiot and I'm not selfish. You're sitting here capitalizing off of this because everyone trusted you.  I get it we're human we make mistakes.  This was not just one small simple mistake. It was a deliberate action and you just got caught.   I have been pushing you on my friends that have been thinking COVID is a hoax.   guess what they're all doing now?  Using you as proof that it's a hoax.  I've never actually been angry at someone online before. usually, I see the stuff in the news and I don't care. But it's different with you. You're a doctor. You were someone that represented truth and you were someone that we could go to when we felt the news was skewing the truth. I have had to sacrifice so much this year and I can't believe you used your privilege to do whatever the hell you want while you sit here and tell me to remain "aLeRt aNd nOt aNxIoUs" while my toddler isn't getting the development that she deserves because of the state of the world.  To say I'm disappointed in you is an understatement. Post this on your main channel.
Ok but the thing you highlighted says 8 adults maximum on the boat and there were 15 people in that picture.
I  want to know which side is his right hand so  I could tell if hes lying or not.
You're doing this because YOU GOT CAUGHT!!!!
oh
I wonder if he would have went to work the next day if he didn’t get caught
I get a feeling that every time a celebrity gets called out, they create a diversion, Dr. Mikes diversion is the conspiracy theories. Dude, the made up conspiracies dont kill people, you breaking the guidelines and putting your own patients at risk kill people. And by the example you are setting, you are a doctor, when people see you partying, they feel that it is safe as you can do it. You should delete every single video where you critisize others for not following the guidelines, as you cant do that yourself. Or maybe you are fine by being a hypocrite, do as i say not as i do type mentality. As a medical student who has watched you for a few years now I'm done, unsubbed.
Ok ok ok... I subscribed to the main channel. I didnt know sht happened and i didnt know this exist until now. Ah! And the apology video started at 3:59
In summary, I got caught. I'll try to hide it better next time.
You are downplaying the risks by being dishonest.
This is so disappointing. And it will have such a huge impact on the public’s confidence in medicine when it’s already a daily uphill battle. And unfortunately, an apology in this case does not reverse the effects or “impact” of what you have done.
Why isn't this on your page that has 6 million subs???? You are trying to sweep this bullcrap apology under the rug. Shame on you for not even doing this right.
Please guys... don’t attack Dr. Mike because he is human. He made a mistake and its fine. It is what define him as a human. He, and all of us too, will learn from this adventure. It wasn’t his intent to harm people.
Dude. I'm a 23ys old midwife STUDENT and I'm willingly working 60 hours a week in a Covid hospital because our government can't keep up with the pandemic. Next to all this, I have to learn to my exams and haven't seen my old parents in months just to keep them "happy and healthy".  And after all this I'm not even ( at the first place) mad because you had a party with 15 or so people... I'm kinda mad because you had the time.  We all screw up things, Mike. Just stop making excuses.   Stay home. Be honest. Wear a mask and stay healthy.  (Sorry for my English. It's my third language)
I love you Dr. Mike. Your a great Doctor and human being. The media is crazy.
Wow you guys are so negative, I bet everyone of y’all have gone outside without a mask this year. You guys have nothing better to do than spread negativity? what do you think he is a robot?
Guys hes apologizing and hating on him and saying hes not a real doctor isn't going to help just pray that nobody on that boat had covid. Also he is admitting that he was wrong which is a thing most men cant do
Wow, bunch of people pretending they have never leave home in this pandemic. It's so easy to point when nobody is watching.
Ouch, Blew It! I am a nurse and you blew it for all of us, defending your actions, hypocrite.
And if it was your friends surprising you with this idea , they were neither following any guide lines , like everyone is less than a foot away ! They are all idiots and also assholes to have share it to social media and ruin you ! Wow great friends !
Not one to comment on things but this is the biggest disappointment of this year. A medical professional not following the rules????? With a large platform on social media????? Really upsetting.
Are you kidding? This is embarrassing. First this "apology" is not posted on your main channel or any of your social media platforms. Second, why would anyone respect your opinion as a doctor in regard to COVID19 now? I truly hope that news outlets cancel your guest spots as medical expert during the rest of this pandemic.  We need strong committed medical professionals to inform the public. Your actions and how you chose to apologize shows your lack of professionalism. I encourage you to sit this one out and reflect on your actions. Maybe you are just a pretty face and in it for the fame...
I don’t accept this apology. Post it on your main channel.
Nah..........
Dr mike, I love you, but I expected better from you. Disappointed.
I'll say this, wearing a mask in water would be meaningless. But at the same time did you really need a yacht party?
You were supposed to destroy the Sith, not join them!!! 😭
I can’t believe this has so many likes.  I don’t care if you think that you were being safe. You’re meant to be an example to people. Now, you’re just an excuse to those who will use your actions as a justification for partying. One million people have died. Shame on you.
You’re literally a doctor. Do you not understand how irresponsible that is of you? You of all people should know how badly Covid-19 has affected people and taken away the lives of hundreds and thousands of peoples loved ones, and you STILL decided to go out. This was definitely not a mistake. Adding onto that, you posted an apology on your second channel in hopes of only a smaller portion of your fans seeing it.
Bashers
Hypocrite :/... your apology sounds like another politicians excuse  who also got exposed....meanwhile on your main channel you still reacting to memes :D the Hypocrisy Man...
The rules for boats state 8 people and in that photo you're like 16 dude. You didn't even read it
Jesus, such a hypocrite..
Why don't you post this on your main channel? You obviously don't fucking mean it. Also seems curious how you're liking hundreds of comments tryin to bury the uncomfortable comments calling you out on your videos on your main channel
ms girl why did you post this on ur second channel
Not surprise, people want to maintain a good image so they will say what ever please their audience. This goes to show that people can be fake as hell. Dr.Mike is just one example. You will be surprise how many more of Dr.Mike individual out there
Stop making excuses and stop trying to cover it up. Put this on your main channel and social media.
Dr Mike, you are a cute guy and obviously a great doctor too BUT it’s now time you should learn to be more humble  like the rest of us who take the CDC precautions seriously. 😉
It won't make a dent in your fame, but I personally had to unsubscribe, unfortunately, because I cannot take these clearly insincere, excuse-filled celebrity "apologies" seriously. For me, it's not even the fact that you boat-partied, did OMM in public and got caught, it's that you so adamantly preached that other "young, healthy people living alone with very low risk" shouldn't even dream of doing anything similar. Give us a break, treat your subscribers as intellectuals. You didn't post this on your 6.49M subscriber channel to avoid spreading the bad publicity. A shame, because I respected most of your messages, Dr. Mike.
Wonder how friendly he is with the person that leaked the photos..
I wouldnt have cared if you werent so stuck up on covid. Now you just proved that youre all talk. Stop blaming your situation on conspiracy theorists and anti-maskers. You provided this to them on a golden platter. A pro-covid guideline doctor breaking the rules he preaches; It's not a good look to your argument. Im not an anti-masker but people like you, influencers and politicians make me doubt the severity of this pandemic. Is this whole thing just a cash grab (vaccine/hospital/stocks making huge $$ gains), to gain power (Biden v Trump/lockdown authority) or just blown out of proportion?? I havent hung out with my friends since early April. Im literally over it staying home and all..
Order 66!!!
how are you gonna be a doctor and party during pandemic, let alone in MIAMI ? smfh
As a Dr,  you should know the main reason we wear masks, social distance, etc is to “stop the spread”. Saying “I don’t have health problems” is incredibly self righteous, especially for someone who cares for the sick. The major concern is the possibility of spreading this virus. Please don’t make this about you. It’s not an apology when all you do in this video is try to justify why you did it. It was wrong. Period. Think of your immunocompromised patients.
You're a doctor. Half of the country is back into phase 1 lockdown again. You know full well that symptoms are asymptomatic, There is not small risk in this pandemic. You endangered your patients and everyone you were around. Just because you think the risk is low for you doesn't mean it's low for those you were around or the people they will inevitably be around. I almost died this year because I caught covid at the beginning of the year. I'm just now barely getting taste and feeling back almost a year later. This is extremely disappointing.
This is exactly why we have people who doubt the medical community. Lead by example. You got caught. You’re not really sorry.
Mike, could you be more of a sociopath? Honestly. Hilarious to see you right back into your PR doctor role after being caught kickin it with a bunch of sluts.
lmao how long did you rub your eyes for before filming this
Lmao this apology is a joke. You're a doctor. Unsubscribed.
He did make the wrong choice, but all the criticism about the opportunities that his social and economical status provide him with, shouldn't even be a thing, they're off topic. Granted, if he didn't have such a life, his friends wouldn't have arrived with a boat for his BD, but honestly, until you can prove that you wouldn't have gone with the happiness of the moment, then you can't say you would've done anything different. His only mistake was not considering the public opinion inside the almost institutional platform he has built for medical purposes. We're all learnig to be humans, so give him a break. We're allowed to be angry or disappointed, but attacking him with mean comments won't make him a better person.
All I'm gonna say is. If you really mean it, please post this on the main channel
Wow I didn’t know covid leaves you when you leave the house...How is he a doctor?? Just because you live alone you interact with patients everyday, you have neighbors, you have fellow grocery shoppers, etc. The hypocrisy.
Girl, bye!!!
*Alexa play Take a Bow by Rhianna*
“I can’t promise that I won’t make another mistake again.”   So when’s the next boat party?
I'm so angry and disappointed.  He's a DOCTOR. Human stupidity really knows no bounds, huh
Bruh
Uhhg! Dr. Mike better not become “cancel culture “ food. The bears are extra hungry this year.
He had every chance to not profit off of the covid pandemic by pushing out video after video after video on it, preaching a bunch of information that he clearly doesn’t practice.  I could care less if people travel or party, but own up to your actions and don’t tell others to do differently.
If you wanted to be transparent you should have posted this on your main channel.
This is embarrassing. You are a doctor, practice what you preach. There is no excuse for what you did. You were not "cautious". You didn't think, you acted on your on selfish needs. 275,000 people have died and you're traveling and partying. I looked up to you. You've lost a subscriber. Nice "I got caught" apology.
Ok he messed up BIG But who doesn't at times?
Tbh humans make mistakes, my issue is the fact that this is on the second channel
Put this on your main channel my guy...
just because something is legal, it doesn't make it right my guy.
I can’t believe he expects people to listen to him but he won’t even listen to himself. I use to be a fan but now I’m a fan of canceling this guy, what a hypocrite. I would NOT want this man as my doctor
I totally agree with you all about him having made a mistake and being irresponsible and a bad role model. But honestly, what do you expect him to do now? He apologized for his mistake, and though he didn’t post the video on his main channel I think everyone who was aware of this “scandal” found it anyways, because most of those people probably are close followers that also look at the community tab. Why involve people that haven’t even heard of the whole story before, by posting this video on the main channel? I really don’t see a point in this. Also I don’t feel like he was acting in this video, he seemed to be honest and reflective about his behavior and I believe his words. Also I totally understand why he tried to explain why he was doing what he was doing, he probably just wanted to make it more reasonable to the people. All in all we can totally agree on being disappointed but we should accept this apology and move on because there is just no point in hating Mike for making one mistake when he is obviously regretting what he did and trying to do better in the future. We are all human beings that deserve a second chance, don’t forget this!
Nah. F*ck you dude. A lot of my family members work in healthcare risking their lives everyday with poor safety conditions and as a young medical student myself, literally hearing about some of my teachers dying in the job... what a shame. Just shut up.
Trying to decide if I believe you, your a doctor and one that I have looked up too. You messed up but I guess that’s what makes you human (and you did apologize), alright, don’t let it happen again. Your on *thin* ice Dr. Mike.
As a med student, not a doctor yet, I would give up my medical license if I was caught partying when millions are in a hospital room fighting for their lives against covid.
I am extremely disappointed. 😔  Doctor Mike you are a role model for other people. THIS IS NOT OKAY. There are ways to socialize and have fun without putting everyone at risk. Do better, but for now unsubscribe.
I am so shocked by this one.
Honestly, it would have been nicer to have this video on the main channel and I was hoping for that. Well, better to state this here than not at all.
We all make mistakes, we are human. Learn from them & move on. ❤️
For some reason he forgot to do the beewoop. Odd....
Don't admit no mistake, admit you were aware of the risks and made a selfish decision. The wording of this video is so upsetting. I would be willing to try (sic) to forgive a stupid decision if it is fully confessed, but those 4mn were just full of self serving explanations. People do not need that. You know the situation, you knew the risks.
I m sorry they took pictures of you and posted them.  You should dump your friends dr mike.
Is it safe to clutter ?
then post this on your main channel. you're not exempt from this. risk is a spectrum? that was your mentality when making that decision.. please take accountability on all your platforms.
Dude you got caught!
I don’t see any precautions being taken in that picture of him among a bunch of women. You shouldn’t party during a pandemic at all. A doctor should know that. Whether your tested or not, whether you live alone or not, it doesn’t really matter during times like these. He should put this video on his main channel, it just feels disingenuous since he didn’t.
This is embarrassing.
Shut up
I don’t understand why everybody is being so harsh y’all act like y’all don’t go out and be around people. If y’all, the ones that are leaving all those comments “I’m so disappointed in you Dr”, actually stayed indoors and with no human contact y’all would be insane right now. Stop acting like you don’t see your family and friends over the weekend. I do think we should extremely cautious and it was wrong on his part but people make mistakes!!!!! Time to better ourselves and learn from our mistakes. Also agree with many of you that he should of posted on his main account so the message would’ve been received by many more of his viewers. Bye everyone, and please don’t try to cancel him because he has done great things with his platform.
Wow this one hurt. I didn’t expect this. It’s really disappointing.
🎉🎊🎉
post this on your main chanel coward
Hypocrite much. What kind of oath did you take? The hypocrite oath?? Lmao
You made a mistake. Forgiven. The Lord knows if there has been social media, in London, in the 70/80's, <shudders at the thought>. Trolls are just trolls, maybe they should take some medical classes, and learn how negativity impact the mind, and body.  Retired nurse. Boop
Yikes......
Its okey to make mistakes I know many people will be mad at u because of this but I am not. Because u keep beeing trasnsparent and hopefully learning your lesson from it.
So embarrassing ! I’m glad u admitted ur wrong but it does put a damper on all the messages you have sent previously
Honestly most of the people watching this have most likely done something they shouldn’t have done during this pandemic. I’m not excusing him but all of you act like you’re saints. You can hold him accountable without all the ‘you’re only apologising because you got caught’ bs. Very glad to be living in Australia where there’s no new active cases because living in the US sounds like hell right now
I appreciate that he is not trying to excuse his actions and seems to be making the point that is... Even people who know the risks can make mistakes and have to learn from and accept the broad range of consequences that accompany those actions. At the end of the day we have to remember that doctors are humans too and they have the ability to make the same mistakes we do but they should also be held accountable for those decisions, which I think he realizes.
This is extremely disappointing coming from you. You know you have a responsibility Mike. Many people like me give up on seeing family and going on trips, why couldn't you have done the same? Especially when you've been such a powerful voice during this pandemic?
Lol, how much are the WHO paying you?
"i have made a severe, and continuous lapse of my judgement. and i don't expect to be forgiven, i'm simply here to apologize."
GodDAMNIT MIKE you were supposed to know BETTER THAN THAT. What have you literally not stopped talking about for months?  We get it, you're human and you make mistakes, but you're kind of a DOCTOR WITH A MASSIVE SOCIAL FOLLOWING. In that context, that makes this "little" mistake a BIG one.  Now go to your room and think about what you did 😷👉🚪
I haven't seen my family in 5 months and have been virtually alone because I'm trying to be responsible during this pandemic. I'm 17 years old and you, a doctor, nearly twice my age is out partying without a mask. I used to look up to you but now I don't even think you're qualified to be a doctor. Maybe you never were.  As someone who's parents are both doctors I am well aware of the responsibilities doctors have during this pandemic. After seeing your apology, I am more than disappointed and you are nothing short of a disgrace to the medical community.
Okay but the not wearing a mask around a boat is correct. Because it would not have any use. If he was around a small amount of people I think he was fine. But if it was a HUGE gathering then I would say that yes he is in the wrong.
America is an insane, toxic environment. Just look at how callus people are acting over the Covid deaths. Quarter of a million dead and people still don't seem to really care, these are the people who I've seen defending you and will now go onto further ignore Covid. It's sad but it feels like America really is beyond help.
So disappointed and angry that you would do this. You’re a doctor there is no excuse.
It’s a Cruel, Cruel World that these people emit such hypocrisy. Don’t expect people to follow these fascistic rules when the elite can do whatever they want.
Wtf Mike....unsubbed. I understand he's human but what about the rest of us who never went out and partied or went maskless in public during a PANDEMIC? We aren't that incredibly dedicated and it's not that hard to do. Do no harm? Yeah right bud. It was an easy risk to NOT take, but no, in sacrifice of his friends, patients and himself, he wanted to go party on a boat with some plastic chicks and then has the audacity to upload a cookie cutter apology on his alt, A WAY LESSER KNOWN channel. The ego and nerve is insane.
PUT THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL. THE ONLY REASON I SAW THIS WAS BECAUSE I READ ABOUT  IT IN THE COMMENTS ON YOUR MOST RECENT VIDEO. PATHETIC
This is a prime example of American idiocy.  I may not have been the safest during this pandemic, but to go to a party? After telling all your viewers how to stay safe? Shame on you. Oh and btw, i'm fairly certain the people calling you out don't care for your safety as much as others around you. i.e your patients. Think about them next time.
My uncle died yesterday and no one in the family can travel for his funeral because he is in CA. But No. You have it so hard right now.
Unsub :)
unsubscribed (from your main channel, because i wasn't subscribed to THIS Channel in the first place, go figure why you posted it her, huh?)
Dude you're a huge hypocrite.. and put this on your main channel... you "messed up" cause you know alot of this is about control not the virus stop bsing ppl
Wow, love reading all these comments from ACTUAL doctors! Oh wait... comments section is for people with no ability to consider context...
I'm so disappointed
Yeah we all make mistakes but you are a doctor who is actively treating patients. Yes, you are healthy and young, but are your patients? You forget that you can infect other people. It is fine if the situation really only affects you but it doesn't. This pandemic is about keeping our fellow humans safe to the best of our abilities. I wear a mask to mostly protect other people if I am infected. I could not live with myself if I knew I had carelessly infected someone because I was bored. Really disappointed, hope it was worth it.
Bruh everyone makes a mistake once in a while. Chill. And the fact hes so serious about this is why everyone is hating on him. Lol
The only way that this story would have been understandable is if it had been a complete mistake and the images had been from a different year. As someone who has been so vocal on following the rules and staying safe, calling out the politicians for their mistakes and showing how difficult this has been for the medical world and the world in general this was just plain wrong. There is absolutely no excuse for this at all. You cannot claim to be ignorant, you cannot claim it to be an honest mistake. You know better and that's all there is to it.  As someone in your position, you should know that you are considered a role model. If you truly want to be a better human, you would post this on your main channel so that everyone can see it, not hidden away like this. You would also not bring up any excuses, you would just admit you let everyone down and nothing can excuse that. As a long time supporter I am extremely dissapointed, even more so at the way you've handled this "apology". I truly hope you do learn from this and hold yourself to the same standards that you have been holding everyone else to.
How and why did he think taking that picture was alright? I guess he hasn't had much to worry about but sadly now has to taste the celebrity exposure.
Disappointed. I also would love to go out and party but I am being responsible. But I guess those don’t same principles aren’t applicable to a doctor. It’s just hypocritical
How can a doctor be so stupid... your license should be taken away
Lol you’re cancelled buddy
Oh boy
You’re literally a doctor how could you be so dumb lmfao. You really preach to the peons that they should stay inside but of course you live by different rules right?
I love your Humility! I suggest posting this on your other channel as well as IGTV! EVERYONE makes mistakes, and how people are responding to you isn’t fair, those who is without mistake cast the first stone
I think you shouldn’t have done this, but I understand why you did it. Just try to do better
2:15 - 2:22  “I take it very very seriously” LMAOOO😭😭😭 then why weren’t you wearing a mask (3:33 THE DRAMATIC ZOOMS, 2:34 THE GUILT TRIPPING I CANT 😭💀)
PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH 🎤
Oh come on guys he made a mistake...its human nature just coz he seems perfect don't mean he is..he is just human after all..he is a good doctor and it's not easy being a doctor with this pandemic...cut him some slack for goodness sake...very disappointed with you guys...seriously stop being mean its just a mistake
WE WERE ALL ROOTING FOR YOU
It’s not being used for nefarious purposes, you literally proved their point on a silver platter...a doctor not wearing a mask and partying is EXACTLY what they wanna see
You’re a literal medical profession. There’s literally no excuse what so ever. This is such a bs apology.
I dont believe in you anymore Dr Mike
I stopped doing pre med to switch over for SWE and I was like you know what at least we got good doctors, and people like you to help spread facts, yet here we are. Disappointment.
People keep using the quote “I live alone” and saying that he’s a doctor, but it is not like he got off the boat and went straight to work. If he quarantined for the appropriate time afterwards then I don’t see the problem. He was putting his own health at risk yes, but like he said it is a risk spectrum. He did it in a way that would only effect himself. And if the other people on the boat didn’t take the same Precautions afterwards that’s not something he can control. This feels like a mob jumping at the opportunity to take somebody down who is more well off then them. Stay strong Dr. Mike
the fact that you’re a doctor and you’re telling others to stay home and distance but then not doing it yourself, and only apologizing because you got caught, is so disgusting. your job is to improve the quality of other people’s lives but you go out partying during a pandemic? and why is this video on your side channel instead of your main channel, where most of your viewers are? 🤔
He’s only apologizing because he got caught lmfao
Ur a liar
Wait it says maximum “10 people on the boat” however in the photo there are 15 people (those who you can visibly see) God knows how many other people were there as well. Make it make sense Doctor.
I hope he isolated himself before seeing any patients!
I’m sorry, Dr. Mike but I’m truly disappointed. I didn’t know you had a second channel... why aren’t you posting this on your main channel? I found out about this through another youTuber. Yikes.
You just lost all of my respect for you.
Who cares I do whatever I want. But you sir have been preaching about masks, so you are obligated to wear masks all the time. I don't cause I have a life and I'm not a doctor 😋
It’s always easier to ask for forgiveness.... you should have watched all your COVID videos before partying..
You are a great person for making this video. I look up to you and I have learned many lessons. No, I don't want to go to med school, I actually want to go to law school. 😂
This is beyond embarrassing. You not only betrayed my trust but also lost all credibility I had for you.
someone take his medical license away stat!!!!
I'm SO disappointed
This is very disingenuous of you why couldn’t you post this on your main channel? Worried about the endorsement money?! Take accountability and be transparent and do better!
People should link this "apology" video to his main channel's comments.
Think about your vulnerable patients dude, forget the viewers. Jeesh.
I mean I get it. Covid is serious and yes you have a platform especially as a doctor. BUT you are human you should be allowed to make mistakes or just live your life. And these people need to stop acting like they haven't gone to a get together and didn't have a mask on and was laughing and talking together. Hes human chill out
Why are you posting this on your side channel post it in your main. The hell
Not mad... just disappointed
More like “admitting when I’m wrong because I got caught”. As if you would have apologized if you had gotten away with it. HYPOCRITE.
I have honestly lost some much respect for Dr Mike he thinks he can get away with this because he is a doctor. Ever since Covid started he has warned us how dangerous it is and how we must stay at home but then he proceeds to go out partying is stupid. Also why is this video on his second channel oh that’s right he doesn’t want to loose all his subscribers absolutely pathetic
How does this have more likes than dislikes?
dude? Your a doctor
I agree people shouldn't attack masks and the CDC because you went to a party. However, your apology is kind of odd. Why is this on a channel that isn't your main one? Why are you qualifying your apology in a way that makes it sound like your only sorry you were caught? I've enjoyed your videos for a long time, but this one has me unsure of if I should continue to support your channel.
If you can act in this way, why did I have to miss my Nana's funeral? Why couldn't I travel to help my brother struggling with depression? Or my sister suffering miscarriages? Why did I spend my birthday alone?  Why is the onus on others to comply with self-isolation and not you? I'm so disappointed to see someone I admired so much flagrantly disregard guidelines, just to party. And then only post this apology on your second channel?
You’re “admitting you’re wrong”, yet you’re defending yourself. And not on your main channel which has 7M subs, but instead on this one with only 70K. This feels scripted, and I think you’re a hypocrite. As a very long time subscriber, I won’t be paying attention to you anymore.
Real smooth, posting it on the second channel. You're a hypocrite pal. You know what I call this apology? Not good enough.
posting this on your side channel...slick. I’m so concerned for the hundreds of patients you see every week.
U scared to put this on your main channel bub?
You just gave every COVID denier ammunition. Completely undermined your integrity. I stayed home EVERY DAY on your empirical data. Now why don't I go to a boat party?
I knew it.  This is why ppl cannot follow rules when the privilege take actions like this.  The hell kind of doctor are you?
you could have spread the virus to sick and healthy people. Thanks for trying to kill us, DOCTOR!
Yikes, unsubscribing bye
WHY ISN'T THIS ON THE MAIN CHANNEL?
I'm tired of public figures like you. You draw us in, make us like you, and then reveal yourselves to be just as untrustworthy as the rest of them. I'm not looking to encourage cancel culture, but I just don't want to waste my time debating whether I should forgive you. You're just a YouTuber. You're sorry you got caught and that you're labeled a hypocrite.   You deserve the negative comments and you deserve the criticism. Your impact is huge and I'm just sad that we felt like we had to rely on what seems like a glorified med school frat boy.   Do better. Prove me and the rest of us wrong.
Phony hipocrit
I'm depressed and also very anxious of some really important exams I have on June that require a lot of studying and quarantine isn't helping me at all, on top of that people are getting sick and fighting with death, not the best thing to hear while you are already in a bad mental state. I really need to see my friends to get my mind off of things BUT I WON'T because at this point we shouldn't be taking risks at all, low or high, because we need to put the public safety first. I am very disappointed. I actually hope that you learned from this and not just apologising for the public eye. Yeah, I hope everyone is staying safe and as positive as possible under these circumstances. I wish all of you and your families health and happiness.
"Risk is a spectrum."  I cannot believe you went into karen territory. What a coward and a liar.
disappointing
1. Posted his apology on his smaller channel so it wouldn't get as much attention. 2. Spent the beginning of the video trying to downplay and rationalize the situation. 3. This dude is a DOCTOR, he has to work with patients. He is putting his own patients at risk. Shitty apology. I'm really disappointed in him.
Disappointed this wasn’t on your main channel. I only found out about this from a drama channel.
What’s that saying?... oh yeah.  Practice what you preach.  Common bud. You’re a doctor. You should know better.
Like ur a doctor im disappointed! Ur supposed to be showing people the safe way to be acting
Just another cowardly bullshit "apology" from a moron who ignores science. It's not really an apology anyway if you listen to all his excuses.   Why isn't it on your main channel btw coward? Is it because you're a coward? Don't want your fans to know you don't believe the lies you're telling others they should let govern their lives and steal their freedoms? Not your freedom of course because you're a parrot and in the IN CROWD but the freedoms of the little people the left and it's cohorts have always hated. How people like you sleep at night has always amazed me. I guess it's easy when you're such a narcissist and surround yourselves with agreeable sheep.
You have been downplaying the seriousness and potential of this disease from day 1. Considering how much weight and range your words have, that alone was extremely irresponsible and harmful. Now you've completely given up on setting the example and gave conspirationists ample ammo to discredit authorities and experts.  You've done more harm to public health than you could ever hope to make up during your entire career.   You don't deserve that white coat.  I will report you to the New York State's Health Department OPMC for misconduct (moral unfitness), and if justice is served you should lose your license.
WHAT A COWARDLY DOCTOR!!!!!!
Cmon guys, we all would be in that boat, no mask no condom
Im just glad he sent out an apology for this and that he learned his lesson. EVERYONE MAKES MISTAKES.
Post this on your main channel or this means nothing.
Dr Mike i appreciate that you admited you were wrong. I hope we can climb back to where we were.  But as you said,you are a human. We learn from our mistakes. I can't say i don't feel a little sense of betrayal in some sort of way. But we're all humans,we mess up. What's important is that we get back up and do better. Good luck in this hard time.
Y’all really surprised? He is just a glorified frat boy who became a doctor.
Loser
"This apology is for the viewers" *Posts video in his second channel that has %1 of subscribers as his main channel*  🤡
Practice what you preach . What a doofus.
Man. This is hilarious. Just like gavin newson. All these people preach one way and then do another.  This dude  comes off one way and then you see him shirtless next to a women giving the finger. Fake AF.
I am terrified for your patients. I’m a DO student and trusted you so much, especially with your DO and COVID advice. I’ve stayed home since February and missed out on career building opportunities, travel, and socializing, because I listened to you when you told us to stay home.   Look what you did. You can’t even follow your own advice. And you posted this on a side channel. An absolute shame on you, Dr. Mike.
you're honestly such a misleading coward. why isn't this on your main channel?
My man tried to hide this video and then it got onto trending lol.
Doctor is okay, people make mistakes, you messed up yeah, but we all do from time to time. I know you'll keep your promise and improve. You're amazing :) stay happy and healthy as well y'all haters stop saying that he's not sincere and only acting, people do mess up yeah, even popular ones like him, you can't expect him to be perfect and do everything right. He's still a human being like us.
Leave dr mike alone. You are okay in my book
This is the kind of stuff all the anti-maskers have been waiting for
I never leave comments like these but I can't see you the way I did anymore.
No excuses for this irresponsible behavior- the hypocrisy is really as disappointing as the action. I lost a lot of respect for you as a medical professional. Practice what you preach period. How irresponsible to put yourself in that position- especially when you are treating patients that you could be putting at risk
lost a lot of respect for you. really not smart. stop acting
Weak "doctor" makes weak apology.
He’s human guys... This guy takes his time out of days to make videos to help us with questions we have medically. What this guy does on his own time is his business. He didn’t need to make a video apologizing but he did.
It’s funny that all these doctors and politicians are getting caught and doing a video saying they “learned something..” Well I’m learning you’re all hypocrites
Nah sorry man ur a doctor , no excuse stop .... enough
"I'm sorry for doing what I did, it was hypocritical and I will never do it again. Place support my channel thank you"      That's what you should have said... but I still love you and I'll continue supporting your channel. With you till the end 💚
I normally don't comment on these sorts of videos, but I just feel disappointed and disillusioned. I genuinely relied on some of Dr. Mike's videos to work through "pandemic fatigue" and it really just feels like his actions demonstrate that if you're wealthy/famous then you are truly above the rules. Listening to this video (which should have been posted to his main channel in my opinion), I got the impression that he was not being sincere, conflicted his past videos on COVID precautions, and that he was just trying to contextualize his actions instead of taking responsibility for his actions and the fact he let down the medical community and his audience.
I bet this video is fucking monetized 😂😂😂
this really is a whole joke. Me who is immunenocompromised has a mum who is a photographer in a pandemic along with a dad who lost his job. My mom has client almost every single day and always takes the right precautions, even her clients and her team does! Absaloutly dissapointed.
Says a lot that you put this on a random side channel and could barely hold back your smirk lol. I’m disappointed. “Individual risk” assessment that leads to partying is exactly what is causing this pandemic to go on endlessly. So thanks for being such a great role model to your platform and patients 🙃
boo-freaking-hoo
i couldnt go to a loved ones funeral but a doctor who preaches about being safe can go party ... what a dipshit
No. Just no.
This video should be featured more prominently on your main channel. I'm heartened and not surprised that the background behind this incident is not as black and white as other people have made it seem. The due diligence you did would have been good enough if you were a private individual, but clearly the fact that your voice and actions reach millions of viewers and your patients makes it different, as unfair as that might be. I think the fact that you were able to realize this, and admit where you were wrong is a hallmark of true integrity. This is a key thing I look for in people I look to for information, so I will gladly keep tuning in, and I hope others will feel the same
This ought to be posted on the bigger channel. Posting it here makes it seem insincere.
Hypocrite
You come off as extremely narcissistic and egotistical. Your average looks have been inflated because of your nice physique and your status as a doctor. Come back down to earth okay? Take a big slice of humble pie and chill.
this is so strange...if you really want to commit to your message since day one, why not announce it to the bigger audience on your main channel?
this should be on your main channel.
I’m fractured, I’m stuck in KSA where we don’t have much cases of covid , we can’t travel , our taxes are high af cuz places like America are 1- stealing our money 2-thinking they’re the boss and wonder around with no masks parting w
Why are people angry about this? I'm not the biggest fan of Doctor Mike (I'm a fan but not a die hard fan) but he acknowledged what he did was wrong, he didn't do the classic "youtuber sigh", he didn't blame others and he didn't try to make a boat load of excuses. He simply explained his point of view when making that decision and saying it was wrong. I don't understand the backlash to this apology video. It's an actual apology.
Now how can we trust you now.that you actually wear a mask and follow your own rules. You lost all credibility. You put lives in danger your a doctor also put this on your main channel and why can’t you promise you won’t mess up again it’s not hard wear a mask and stay in
what a hypocrite hes just a liar. LOL checking for masks on boats what a liar
Do you even understand the repercussions? You speak out against people who don't believe in this pandemic and then you do something that completely undermines your message. If you understood your influence you wouldn't have done this.
Rules for thee, not for me.
Dr. Mike, you’re officially canceled.
I kenw it he can't be that perfect. I see that he is just another boy ehonl9ves to use his charm blah
why isn't this on the main channel...?
Wow, this is so disappointing
Okay lang yan Doc. Dito mga samin full capacity na yung bus plastic cover lang ang pagitan 😂. 60 pax sa isang bus. Gusto mo yon? 😂
People are getting angry at Mike for being human, WE ALL go out. Whether it’s going to the market or getting a cup of coffee at Starbucks. There’s risk in EVERYTHING we do and no one has a right to point fingers. He’s a doctor and treats patients all the times cut the guys some slack for taking a goddamn break. At least he acknowledged what he did, that takes maturity which many people lack! Stay happy and healthy Doctor Mike
“I can’t promise I won’t make more mistakes.” Literally just wear a mask that’s all you have to do
I know u mean well bro but yh u fucked up big time.
What a slimey guy.
Looks like someone took the hypocritic oath instead. After all the (deserved) grief you gave Figs, you then turn around and put people lives in danger. What a joke.
Why wasn't this on your MAIN channel, Mike?! I didn't even know about this "scandal". You're a doctor that sees patients everyday and putting them at risk by partying. I am EXTREMELY disappointed as someone who has been ACTUALLY quarantining. You have lost a supporter Dr Mike. Be better.
what a hypocrite
Adults know how to follow rules and directions. You and everyone in that photo are children playing adults.
I'm confused though.. you followed the guidelines so how it that messing up? Sounds to me like you didn't mess up at all
Why not on main channel
It's okay. It was for he's birthday.. I mean I hope he doesn't do it again...
Humans make mistakes. Learn to learn from yours. Always try your best, even if you think you’ll lose. Don’t give up.
Hypocrite doing his damage control now!   I wonder why is his doctor license still haven't been revoke?  I'm sure he's a better actor then a doctor.
Famous people can't help to show off their parties or things they do. I mean if they claim to be taking precautions etc. Then go ahead do your parties but don't make it public so it dose not has a negative impact on others or the wrong msg is published. That will be my thought. Fake it until you make it. Even if famous people isn't fallowing guidelines if they promote so most people will do it.
Why are all of you loving him for his good sides, and attack him for his mistakes? Not to say what he did was okay, but none of us are gonna do the right thing all the time.
I love this fake apology
I understand you Dr Mike. It is tough to put yourself on the front line in the pandemic when rest of the world want to stay at home. It is okay if you want to go breathe and get some air for yourself outside... You deserve to take some time out for yourself. Haters will hate, learners will understand. Stay safe and stay alert. Bye , @DrMike !
YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO DESTROY THE SITH NOT JOIN THEM
So manipulative, I’m disgusted. If he was my doctor, I would be looking for another one right away. Adults take responsibility for their actions and don’t act like teens making excuses, that’s so embarrassing. And to get worse a FAMILY DOCTOR that don’t act what he preaches. And to get even worse, posts this video at his super small channel just like cowards do. Grow up, Mike, and own up to your sh*t for goodness sake
I’m ngl, I’m not mad he was just trying to have fun for once! He acknowledged that he messed up. You can’t blamed a human because he wanted to have fun and see his friends and dad. As long as everyone’s safe, it’s ok. Don’t worry!
Nope. You shoulda knew this people won’t respect you the same bc you where a role model ITS LITTERALLY YOUR JOB. I understand as a person and human but THATS NOT WHO THE WHOLE CHANNEL IS FOR ITS FOR THE DOCTOR. PSYSBAKSBSJ im mad bc it’s because of your mistake people wont take us seriously
Give him a break. He helps people all the time fix themselves. And your criticizing him for what??? Act like you never made a mistake before. Reassess yourselves before you start putting others down.
You've done more good than harm with your content and honestly people only seeking to "cancel" others have issues they need to deal om their own but I've got to admit the way you're handling this is really disappointing. Yeah we're all humans and we all make mistakes but even though you knew better you went and did it. Of course, we could compare it to our friends who still party and criticize how some of these people are not getting the same backlash, but not only you're a public figure, but a doctor that's been preaching the people on how to better handle the pandemic. the fact that this video is moreso defending your actions rather than actually admitting how wrong it was and how yeah you just got fed up of yadi yada would've been way more understandable than this, which is not even posted on the main channel..... idk man we all like your content but are honestly disappointed, kinda feels like losing a teammate along the way
Why don't post this on the main channel... Was a fan and I didnt even KNOW you had a 2# channel. What is this? I thought you were better than this. Unsub from 1# channel. Never was subbed here.
•Sigh• This...this is so disappointing, on so many levels. This is going to be a long rant, so strap in, folks.  1) This should be on your main page. Admittedly, I didn’t even know about this event until someone on Twitter linked to this video (I don’t follow the “Dr. Mike Clips” account). I get that you’re trying to keep it as contained as possible, but not talking about it on your main page is really doing a disservice to your audience. Because, the next time someone who isn’t familiar with your Miami shenanigans shares one of your C*VID related myth-busting videos, they’ll be opening themselves up to an onslaught of ridicule. 2) You can literally never do another C*VID related video again. Which is such a bummer, because yours are my favorite to share because of how clearly and concisely you explain things. 3) This apology is weak. I’m sorry. It feels more like an “I’m sorry I got caught” than taking accountability for being impulsive, and just wanting to party with your friends. • Yes, you’re young, healthy and you live alone, but you were in another state which meant that you were going to be on a plane going back home which, even with a mask on, would still be exposing people (unless you quarantined for 14 days after the event). • I completely understand the urge to do something as “normal” as partying with your friends. I’m not immune to this feeling, and neither is anyone else. My husband and I had friends (that we KNOW have been super careful) over for a back yard bbq, as SOON as restrictions were loosened. It was good to be around people, and made a significant improvement in our mood. But, we kept it under 10 people, and made sure that we weren’t sitting too closely to one another. Wore masks when we were by the food and drinks. Had hand sanitizers everywhere. Took photos with no more than three people at a time. Plus, we were outdoors, where we were sure to have enough circulation. And even after all of the safeguards, I still felt guilty the entire time, and it’s because for months we’ve been hearing from health care professionals to be safe, and distance. • Yes, doctors are human too. And I’m sure you’re not the only one who hasn’t been 100% consistent/strict with the guidelines, but the difference is, you’re a public figure who has been extremely vocal about following CDC guidelines...and you broke your own rules, and were exposed (literally and figuratively). Which leads me to my next point... • Your friends are good enough friends that you would brake protocol for, and party with...but not so much so, that they’d know what posting photos and videos of the event on social media, would do to your public persona? Especially, as someone who has been extremely vocal about following CDC guidelines to social distance and wear masks?🤨 Right. This isn’t me saying it’s ok to break the rules behind closed doors. I’m just pointing out that your friends don’t seem close enough to you to break the rules for. And, if they WERE, they shouldn’t/wouldn’t have put you in this position in the first place 🤷🏻‍♀️. I don’t like assuming anything about people’s relationships, but to an outsider, this looks like they just wanted a photo-op with Dr. Mike.  I know I sound holier-than-thou about this, but I swear, this is just my exasperation coming out. For MONTHS I (and so many people, who are not even in the field of medicine) have been diligent about following the rules, and on top of that, have been getting into heated debates with anti-maskers and C*VID denialists over listening to what professionals are telling us to do. To have someone who has been a stringent advocate for those guidelines do the complete opposite is ... just ... not good. You played right into their rhetoric, and it’s not THEM using what you did for “nefarious purposes”. They’re only doing what they’ve BEEN doing, which is trying to convince people that this is a hoax, that doctors don’t actually think it’s that bad, and that doctors are using this virus to make more money. Your actions physically proved their point. If this was about ANYTHING ELSE other than C*VID, I would be more accepting of the “people make mistakes” thing.  All that being said, I have a great deal of respect for you, Dr. Mike, and will continue to support you and your work. In a sea of disinformation, your videos are a NECESSITY. I appreciate that you didn’t try to hide from this, and act like it didn’t happen. And I fully understand that this one incident isn’t an indication of a long history of poor judgement and bad behavior. I’m hoping people move on from this, and continue to support your channel. This will pass, eventually. To the people who keep telling others to “get over it, he’s human”, I hope you realize that although Dr. Mike should definitely not be crucified for this, people have a right to be disappointed, and justifiably so.
You can only become a better person by learning from your mistakes. Although every comment here is a valid thought, just remember to do what you promised. Be a better person after learning from your mistake. I follow this channel because it’s informative. I understand that youtubers are people too who make mistakes. Yes, it’s horrible when people don’t do as they tell others but everyone makes mistakes. If you can understand that it was wrong and work to change it, you are already trying to be better with setting an example.-regardless of what Chanel your apology video is on. Your subscribers are hurt so be more intentional to show that you are working on being better.
“It’s a hard year for all of us.” Sir, come back to me and tell me how hard you’ve had it when you’ve had to bury a parent under pandemic restrictions; not when your privileged self partied like a dumb frat boy.
BRUH, NO.
I've missed soo many celebrations and was still grateful for what i had, its not acceptable  he is a DOCTOR
Don't worry, Dr. Mike, if a quack like Dr. Oz can stay relevant and make tons of money off of the ignorance of others, I'm sure you'll do just fine, as well.
Haha dr mama jones deleted her comment supporting him
yall didn't cancel Kendall Jenner or Kim Kardashian when they both threw a birthday party with so many people so let's not cancel Dr. Mike who worked so hard this year, giving us all the real facts about covid-19 and helping us being "alert not anxious" about the whole situation. Yes he made a mistake but that mistake shouldn't ruin all the efforts he put into his relevant content.
You. Are. A. Doctor. The first half of your video is excuses. Selfish excuses. It’s not about you, it’s about everyone else you affect. And all you thought about what was your risk. No one else. Selfish.
So many hate comments. Chill guys & stay at home if you don’t wanna get caught.
You know what Doctor Mike I got to say this ain't it. I've been a fan of yours for years now. When covid kicked off I recommended your channel to friends who were skeptical of official sources. I always thought that you were an excellent resource to bridge the gap between lay people and the scientific community. What you did as well as your response has really ruined that at least for me. First of all how could you possibly think that as one of the public facing voices representing the medical community advocating for people to social distance and wear masks it would be okay to travel to a covid hotspot in the first place. Then when you get there you allow yourself to be photographed partying maskless. Given your obvious intelligence this seems completely off base on both counts. This apology also did you absolutely no favors. It seemed as though you were reading off a script. You talked about all the things you did to mitigate risk when in the final analysis what you did contradicted everything you've been saying for the past 9 months. When you mess up you don't mitigate, it just makes it seem like you're not taking full responsibility. Then some of the language you used saying things like this situation has given people who are skeptical of what medical professionals have been saying during covid license to question the necessity of covid protocols. It's not 'the situation' it was your behaviour you should say that, no mitigation don't mention anything about checking guidelines that has nothing to do with anything. Finally how could this video not be on your main channel? 60k subscribers versus over 6 million? I think that if you were genuinely sorry and really thought that what you did was wrong you would put that message out to the largest possible audience. My apologies for the rant but this strangely hit me in a way I was not expecting. As someone who has followed every tenet you've put forth and wore a mask just to see my mother on my birthday this was disappointing.
Downvote if you may: I don't get how so many people can act like he's being a horrible public figure. People make mistakes and -the smart people- learn from those errors. Everyone in this comment section has messed up before and most likely have had a lapse in judgement related to Covid. Dr Mike's character will be revealed in how he carries himself after this event, and should not be judged for any single action.
For the past 9 months, he's been preaching about staying home, abiding by the rules whilst doing the opposite. And I highly doubt this is his first time breaking the rules. he just got caught. He's SO calculated too, hiding this on his second channel and it's working, if you look at his recent upload it has 15k likes. Most of them don't know the situation so they can't make their own opinion nor see his "accountability". MANIPULATOR.
This is the most pathetic video I’ve ever seen.
This is really fucked up.
I dont think he should have to apologize about nothing....We r 9 months in this flipping pandemic and if u to stupid to know that u shud wear a mask then him not wearing hes on privent property aint going change yo mind!!!!!!!!
It seems that the only people who are 100% non risk group to covid are rich celeb hypocrites,and then guys like this one are shocked when he sees people not following rules or guidelines,yeah i wonder why.
You should really apologise about your catastrophic statements about snimal products. Eggs are sources of healthy fats? Much more like cholesterol and saturated fats Clogging arteries.
This video highlighted your narcissism and self-absorption in the most cringey possible way.
Give him a break, it's tough for everyone and everyone make mistakes. Humans are allowed to be human. Have a good day everyone.
Stop going to the gym....  work out at home..
He made a mistake and everyone is acting like they’ve been perfect angels through this whole thing.
🎻 🎻 🤔
Its too late to "do better."
People need to get over it.. you reach a point where you no longer care if there is a pandemic or not.  It has become politcally uncorrect to not wear a mask lol.
One the best apologise I've seen on this platform. People will most likely shout about this still but I can guarantee no one is perfect and at some point you have all done something to break these guidelines. Look at yourself before criticising others and don't act so above this
Why isn't this on his main channel, where it should be so people actually see it?
I love him too much to hate him due to a mistake he made . He's everything i look out for a role model . I forgive dr.mike .  Do your part❤
Whatever helps you sleep at night doctor mike...whatever helps you sleep at night...
This was not a popular video geez
I get it .  I forgive him . Its been tough stressful days for everyone . Relax . Do your part😊
u should have posted this on your main channel...
Yes he was wrong and you might call him a hypocrite,he works hard and he deserves a little fun. Stop chopping him up. Half of the people commenting rn don't wear a mask when going out,please take it easy on him.
Notice how the apology is on his side channel not his main😐
So disappointing.
So why did he posted it on this channel and not on his mainstream channel? 🤔
F in the chat for when a bElAtEd BiRtHdAy GiFt trashes your reputation as a quite newly medical professional😅
POST IT ON YOUR REAL PAGE, wimp.
Pure hypocrisy
Whatever! Dr. Hypocrite. Hope your supporters will start to question what you preach. This is all just another mask peeled off, wonder what else is not being shown. Trust that patients and most people put on Doctors are on a different level, and hope you realize that. The audacity of saying your excuses makes you no different from these instagrammers and tiktokers.
nice nice, i see that one of my comments is gone now, i wonder why that happened?
😂😂😂😂😂 ok great apologizing after receiving backlashes.
this dude like inspired me to wanna be a doctor. i've lost a lot of respect for him.
This pretty much helps destroy that trust in doctors you've spent so much time to try to build. You've contradicted yourself so much. Putting up this video on your second channel doesn't take away the effect  that this has already caused.
I am so tired of doing all that I can, doing my part, listening to everything  the doctors/government say to do and everyone else living like it's not out there! I have lost respect for a lot of people, including you sir!
I hope you can keep yourself healthy while being home alone at least from now on. Mistakes and illogical thinking happen to everyone and i personally don't think you were at that much fault even though you should've known better, it's just unfortunate that there are people who are looking for every wrong move of people who are followed to try to prove their incorrect beliefs ;-;
Ok ok so families are only able to say goodbye to their loved ones through video chats as the patient is  being taken off of life support during the pandemic, and you are going to  justify risk as a spectrum when irresponsible actions are affecting everybody around you, like you aren’t a doctor and working with people who may be at a higher risk, ok yep got it thanks. From one HCW to another, pease try to follow your own advice you’ve been giving to the public. 🙃
Any Malaysian here?
Sir.....you are a DOCTOR. 🤦‍♀️ yet another person not following what they’re preaching 😐
Well not just that your father was there u said, u put him in danger.
Are we surprised that an over hyped frat boy who somehow managed to become a doctor did something like this😂
You live by yourself that's great! Now tell that to your patients and tell them how great of a boat party you had
One mistake and everyone judges you.
Its ok we are just humans every body make mistake people will forget just like Kendell party nothing to worry about
Pride goeth before a fall....
Saw the video. Cute babes and all, dr mike you gotta lose that belly
Don't apologise lol it's Fake anyways. Just say you forgot to wear it and simple
I love how everyone is sitting on their high horse and canceling him. He is a fkn human, just like all of us and humans make mistakes. Don't even try saying you never made a mistake in your life, even as stupid and obvious as this. 1 mistake cancelles all the useful information that he's given us over the years, the positive impact that he's had on our lives. He had a huge impact on mine, for example. For the past year I took control of what I eat, cut out junk food, all the drinks (I only drink water and green tea now),  I started exercising, going for morning runs etc, fixed my sleep pattern and don't watch anything 2 hours before bed. The majority of people here are so fkn ungrateful and quickly forget about all the good things over 1 bad.
I'm gonna miss Bear...
Don't worry Mike. Everyone makes mistakes. WE ALL HAVE DURING THIS PANDEMIC. DON'T EVEN FUCKING AT ME. All that being said. Be better and do better. With this video, you're proving that. Good day Doctor Mike.
Oh people please! From these comments it would be easy to assume you are all perfect and everyone is doing everything right and this pandemic will soon be over because you don't make mistakes! It's easy to blast out on a person that's been doing everything in his power to help people...he was great when he donated scrubs, masks, money...he makes one mistake and he's a disappointment? Truth is you are all just looking how to make yourself look great and feel better by trying to put this man and all the work he has done...as a nurse all I can say is shame on you for putting medical workers through hell all over the world and just looking for our mistakes...it's so much easier than just to say "hey he's a human being, mistakes happen!" isn't it? Dr. Mike keep up the good work and don't bother to apologize as ignorance unfortunately can't be cured...
The post about CDC guidelines that you posted states 10 or LESS people on the boat. You stated you were well below the guidelines but there were 15 people in the picture I saw. Very disappointing!
Unfortunately you have allowed yourself to be used for nefarious purposes as you put it and have essentially handed the conspiracy theorists fuel for their fire. As a doctor and expert influencer you have disregarded good practice. You say you checked the website for boat capacity limits but what were you doing travelling across the country to see your friends and family in the first place to give them the opportunity to surprise you with a boat? You clearly planned to meet with them in some capacity. Plenty of people who do not serve people in a healthcare setting have spent birthdays without big groups of mates this year or even entirely alone. You might live alone but you work with vulnerable people. I find it a bit disingenuous that you have put this on a side channel too. This kinda hypocrisy is not only disappointing, it's dangerous. You work with people. You know that they have a tendency to let their guard down in a 'if he does it why can't we?' vein. You have to be better than this. It's literally your job. First do no harm. So many people have found good information and solace in your videos. It's a shame you've spoiled yourself this way. We'd better not hear of you having a Christmas blowout...
Wait till cancel culture hears about this and cancels his own career  Waiting with my popcorn 🍿🍿
Mike.. I know you could be better than this.. I mean, yes I am disappointed but I’m sorry to say that this is not the right attitude to apologize.. I don’t know if everything in the making and posting this video is fully your decision or other people’s that work with you on the channel, but please.. you know that this is not the most suited way to apologize to everyone that got hurt by your actions, it’s just feel less genuine and polished (sorry mike, i know you already receive a lot of negative comments, but i really need to say that to you)
I understand Dr.Mike made a mistake. And as many of you are saying a lot of people in power may not follow the rules perfectly. However, we shouldn’t have to compare ourselves with others, we only have to compare ourselves with ourselves, question if today we are trying better to protect ourselves and others compared to yesterday.We are all trying our best, we are all tired and we all wish our lives went back to normal. But that’s not our reality, we have all made mistakes along the way and the only thing we can do is amend them and try better.
Ps What you have done here is known by speech analysis as "convincing or conveying" when spotting deception. You, Mike (I've dropped the Dr for obvious reasons), have been convincing your audience of your bs, instead of conveying info/facts in this "apology video."
First of all, everyone makes mistakes. BUT, this was a pi$$ poor of an excuse of an apology. Not one time did you actually say "I'm sorry." Instead, you flat lied and made excuses for yourself. Not to mention, why put this on your 2nd channel, not the main channel with over 6 million subs. That was another cowardly move. I also want to mention you cracking that girls neck while under the influence of alcohol! Wth?! Setting yourself up for a lawsuit??? I would have easily looked over your hypocrisy, hoping you had learned a hard lesson, but this unapologetic rambling of lies and diversions makes me realize you are NOT sorry. You're sorry you got caught! How many of your patients did you put at risk going to a hot spot (Miami's numbers jumped by 1000's in the next 3 days from your party)???? THAT is beyond irresponsible and heartless. Your lack of a sincere apology shows just how fake and insincere. Unsubbed.
This video was unnecessary.  You are human and allowed to have a good day, during such a chaotic time.
You go see people every day at work who ARE AT RISK and YOU SET THE TONE for so many people. Those pics are people ALLLLLLL over each other, don't say you weighed the risk, and though that was appropriate!  The trust is gone. How are you telling people to take it seriously when you aren't!  Some people cannot feed their children, so many people are losing their loved ones. We need to take this seriously for THOSE people. How did we get so selfish? How could a bunch of people all over each other on a chartered boat in Miami seem reasonable?  You are on the front lines SEEING what's happening to people ( both physically and emotionally ). If you, in your situation cant be reasonable, how can other people be expected to ?   And on your 2nd channel?
there’s literally doctors in my area coming to work after testing positive then see patients and two days later go home sick... nobody says anything about them having covid to patients or coworkers they had contact with or quarantines anyone... yall overreacting so fucking much.. sure it wasn’t ideal for him to go out like that but at least he got himself tested multiple times and realizes his mistake
Just disappointed that I would give my respect to this guy.
As a doctor working in the UK, you are a disgrace to the medical profession. I am absolutely fuming at your actions and your attempt at an apology here. You try to justify your actions. You are only releasing this video because you got caught. You chose to be in the public eye and you don’t even realise how your actions can have an effect on your followers. I think you need to re-evaluate and reflect on this pathetic video, your actions and your future career in the public eye.
joke, embarrassment and hypocrite
Who are you to hold a grudge against him? There are many people who are doing what he did, but he addressed it, apologized, and said that he will strive to do better. We hold the public icons to to high of a standard. He's not God, or some deity. Yes, this is serious, VERY serious in fact. But we must try to not withhold hearts of bitterness throughout this entire experience. All of us are going to make mistakes, I'm sure of that. Maybe not the mistake that he made, but as well all know, there are billions of mistakes to make is this life. We're all human beings. You can say that the rest of what he said is fiddle fuddle, but he apologized and is striving to improve. End it.
As a human being I understand the temptation and desire to have fun and hang with friends. However as a nurse on the front lines who is working understaffed, caring for covid pts, and quite frankly exhausted I am disappointed. I love your videos and how informative you are. Sadly from now this will always be in the back of my mind whenever I see your videos.
why is this on your MUCH less known channel??? this "apology" seems less genuine than it should, I'm super disappointed abt this bc I've been using his advice all quarantine bc I trusted him, but now idk.  anyways stay safe guys, much love to you all❤
Why is this not on his main channel. Seems pretty hollow.
Should have left out that people are struggling and all the things he researched before he went (sounds like BS that he followed guidelines) and just admitted he was very wrong. This was a non-apology.
I loved you, I loved you, I loved you, it's true I wanted to be you and do what you do I lived here, I loved here, I thought it was true I feel so stupid, and so used...
Individual Risk?? YOU'RE A DOCTOR
I've lost so much respect for you.
Wow. Just found this through another youtuber that I'm not subbed to... yet I'm subbed to your main channel... Why was this not uploaded to your main channel? You may live alone, but you're a doctor and thus put your patients and other doctors and staff at risk.
So what did he do?
Any healthcare worker that knowingly puts their patients at risk so that they can party on a boat with their friends should not work in healthcare anymore. My girlfriend is a nurse and we both are unable to see our families or friends so that we can keep her patients safe. I haven’t been out of the house in such a long time and she never goes anywhere but work, home, and to get gas. We’ve done our part putting our lives on hold bc she cares about her patients so fucking much. I can’t imagine a doctor knowingly putting his patients at risk... it’s despicable.
all men do is disappoint this so annoying
How much of what he’s saying is a lie? “My friend surprised me” has to be at least 1 lie. No one goes down to Miami from NY and is surprised with a massive boat trip
I think everyone is being really hard on you only because it’s not like you just went and did it. You checked everything before. It’s not like you had appointments with patients after without checks and quarantine. PLEASE STOP HATING ON Dr Mike 💓🙏🏼 we are all human
I am in shock that dr mike did this. Lot of people put alot of effort into staying home and staying away from friends and family. The least that could have been done is that he could have urged his friends to wear masks while on the boat. Even thou he downplays his risk and his family's risk, everyone on the boat is being exposed to each other! When there are so many asymptomatic people, you are supposed to avoid gatherings not just for your own health, but so you aren't a vector, and so you don't cause someone else's loved one to die or be effected by this pandemic. Child cases and Long haulers are a thing! People who we thought wouldn't be affected are losing mobility, and even dying. As a 17 year old in the midst of a pandemic during my senior year, I want this to be fricking over too. But in a situation liek this, it's not just about us as individuals anymore. Do better, Dr Mike. I hope you and your family stay happy and healthy.
"To know what's right and choose to ignore it is the act of a coward"
Doesn't the covid leave people with compromised immune system even if you're completely healthy when you got covid?
I honestly wouldn't have addressed it and kept it moving. Let people comment whatever they want on videos that have nothing to do with the "controversy". You can always clean up the comments down the line. Today's news is in tomorrow's garbage can. You'll still be successful, kind, good looking, compassionate, joyful and a lovely human to watch on YouTube tomorrow, next week, next month, next year. Let the bad news die... There will be plenty more for others and this will be forgotten. I'm not offended you are living your life. Doctor or not.
Tells people to not party and follow CDC guidelines. Breaks all what he says in one day, got to love hypocrisy , also good thing you didn't post it on your main channel huh?
Like he said, he looked at the science, evaluated the risks and came to the same conclusion as most of us. You are more likely to die in a car crash that die of covid.
I mean, there's a lot of celebrities that are even playing (NFL eg) and now they have COVID (Lamar Jackson eg) and you people are not exactly at home all the time. So stop being so hypocritical. Stop judging a human for what he is. It's not exactly the end of the world.
The second hand embarrassment I feel watching this 😬
Yikes
Okay, so ya'll it was his birthday right. It's not that he can't get covid from that one day, but at least he understands that he made a kinda poor choice. That's all I have to say.
He uploaded a new classic "cute" Dr. Mike video on his main channel, like nothing had happened... What a pathetic loser. Plus he still deleting comments about this theme.
If you were worried about anything you Never would have even gone to Miami. Spare us your virtuous apology. 🤮🤮
Sir you're a doctor and as a doctor you should be the one most responsible about safety for this pandemic.......you should be the last person to ever do something like this....
I don’t understand why people are so mad yes he’s a doctor but he followed all the proper saftey measures? And was going to quarantine when he got back, so patients wouldn’t be at risk. And he lives alone.  Only thing I’m not sure about is if he went to see his dad after that which could be at risk which I get it then. Everyone goes out to eat and goes to the store and knows the risk of that and you take it, why can’t he do the same? Unless there’s something I’m missing I honestly don’t know the whole situation but, he’s been working harder than ever this year with the pandemic. And I’m greatly appreciative of our doctors. It’s a bigger risk in a hospital with all these strangers and unknowns, then on a boat with your close friends.
He's just sorry he got caught. Let us thank the insta-thots that revealed him. 🙏
Seems like your entire friend group has their heads stuck in the clouds. For such a logical person who is in a career that requires much logic, you are not that logical.
That dislike to like ratio feels... Wrong
Blah blah blah,  you're a hypocrite. Post this on your main channel.
Put this on your main channel, you know the one with millions of followers. I watched you all the time but won’t be anymore.
I'm just desapointement... Where I lived, they are about to cancel Christmas
It's okay Doctor Mike, everyone makes mistakes everyday, everytime whether it's on purpose or not whatever you are. The important thing is you're safe and the people you've been with, at least.
This should be on your main, the one with 6.4m subscribers, not buried here where there's only 68k subscribers. You're not sorry you did this, only sorry you got caught. Hypocrite.
Mikhail, brother..I haven't seen my mother since this pandemic started, haven't celebrated anything, I live in fear for my grandma's life and for mine because of my medical history of miscarriages (the hospital in my town is only for co-vid infected persons) and YOU, the biggest advocate for health and prevention, do this..That's a big no-no for me. Disappointing.
This legit just disappointed me, he was funny and informative but now i just see him as another media person doing this for money. Im unsubscribing and unfollowing him. This sounds to me like a clearly  rehearsed apology and he knew he would be going out on a trip like that after repeatedly telling your following and subscribers "to just stay home". Follow what you preach.  Whats even more disappointjng he probably did this knowing the amount of followers he had versus the amount that would stop following him after this wouldnt affect him too much. Which is why he still went a head and did this.
I legit cannot believe that people are trying to cancel a man over a boat party on his birthday. Of all things. They act like you personally barged into their home, coughed all over their grandma, rubbed snot all over their infants, and then kicked their dog. This is such an absolute non-issue.
You're a humannnn. Everyone can make mistakes. What the hell are you guys doing. He is not GOD. He IS A HUMAN.
You deserve all the anger you’re getting. Bad call, dude.
too little, too late.
unexpectedly disappointed 🙃
What a waste of breath man, also a waste of our time
At least he knows his mistakes, but he should've been putting this apology on his main channel
I honestly think when you examine your own risks and make decisions like this the important thing is to keep tabs on your symptoms and the people that you were with so you don't potentially spread to someone who could get seriously hurt by catching it. My practice during lower numbers and openings was to not do multiple things or see multiple people within a 2 week period at the very least. If anything were to happen then I'd have a simple job tracking my activity and who I was exposed to. As a doctor I'm sure that for every serious case he's seen hundreds of mild ones too, I don't blame him for referencing guidelines and enjoying some companionship within the realms of recommendations. I get he's put on a pedestal and needs to uphold a standard for others, but I'm tired of seeing people isolate to the point of hurting themselves without using some common sense. There are ways you can protect yourself and others and still have necessary connections. If you see someone and get exposed make sure your activity following potential exposure would result in a quarantine without a laundry list of potential places you spread it in between. If catching it at all is risky for you, avoiding those who haven't been isolated and tested negative is ideal, but please don't say 100% isolation is the end-all solution. It's not, because it presents other types of risks, like neglect of mental health and overlooking individuals trapped in abusive situations or facing health risks from delayed response to stroke, heart attack or asthma. Connections are important, just be mindful and take care of yourselves. Stay healthy and safe 💕
Guys im not really good at apologising so can anybody help me to see dos and don'ts by this video
Yeah but dude, like you gave them the opportunity to use your situation. You tell us to stay home, but go to Miami. I literally work in a place woth zero preventative measures taken against covid, and now the only reason I get to stay home for 2 weeks in quarantine is thanks to a doctors note confirming a covid positive person had a coughing fit 3 feet from me. My boyfriend still has to go to work as air care/mobile care for university hospital, and I still take care of my 2 year old while I'm in quarantine. Nobody made you go to Miami. Your apology sucks and feels like self pity.
someone please fill me in what did he doooo :( im too lazy to watch
I think he apologise genuinely, he obviously planned his words carefully
I forgive you Dr. Mike, LOL. On a completely serious note, I think it’s ridiculous that he hast to make a video of this. He was following all guidelines and it is his decision to go on a boat. This is the United States of America.
The title should be:  "SORRY FOR GETTING CAUGHT"
Doesn't make sense to keep picking on him after he apologised. Sure, some things he said might not be 100% perfect but he already said that he is just a human and humans make mistakes. At least he knows that it was stupid to do this and it's difficult to find the right words in such a situation. It's completely normal to say something that people could get mad about because it's easy to say the wrong thing when you feel guilty. I'm sure he won't do it again and I'm also sure that everyone commenting on this video did something extremely stupid in their lifetime so give him a break. He understands that it was the wrong thing to do.
I feel betrayed💔. I hope you’ll stay happy and healthy after this, doc.
then this should be on your main channel....
Everything about this video is the largest narcistic manipulative un-apology I've ever seen. Let's also not forgot its not even on the main channel the one with actual viewership. Not to mention your update "I've tested negative x3 for COVID-19 since"...guess that makes it OK then.  The only thing you're sorry for is being caught and how damaging it is for your image.
i seaeched for this. I did not even know this is a thing until someone comment about dr. mike is in a issue in a another doctor's channel. I didnt even know he has a second channel until now. wooow. I agree, he should have place this in his main channel
Doesn't matter what you believe about covid or what your stance on the guidelines are, whether you think it's too much or too little, this guy went against everything he's been preaching about for months and I'm sure he's made bank on the millions of views he's amassed on the topic. Then he gets caught and makes some excuse-filled apology on this tiny second channel?? Nah son
He's really great at justifying his actions. 👍🏻
Because you got caught Dr. Mike.  I’ve been following you, looked up too you and watching your content for a very long time. And just recently I found out what happened. I’m absolutely disappointed in you. Many looked up too you Doc. The “impact” is cause of your career. That’s what you mean. Seems like you are being sneaky about this....why is there not an apology video in your official Dr. Mike Channel with over 6 millions subscribers, Dr. Mike?  I do hope you learned a valuable lesson from what you did and happened. You said you went out to your dad’s Apt. and yet you decide to head out and party... ? Did you think of your dad...? Family ...? The patients you see everyday at work...? Yourself ...?  Dr. Mike . I don’t hate you at all, I hate what you did. Do take care of yourself.  Wish you well Dr.
you better lose your job and all your credentials for this. how dare you call yourself a physician
Yeah I saw that pic and it hit me a bit hard been an OG watcher and listener of your advice😳 it's one of that I'm not mad just disappointed vibes.
Since he's a celebrity doctor, this will have a really bad image for other doctors :(
people need to forgive and forget tho this is a serious thing and problem know that he did admit he did learn so wait for time to heal this thing and help time along the way of healing thins thing
Honestly, all those COVID-19 videos he made is gonna haunt him.
Narcissist.
Devils advocate : maybe he posted it here so more people wouldn’t see and follow his bad example?
I turned 21 this year and stayed home for my birthday. Ya it fucking sucked but at least I have legs to stand on when I tell people to stay home. This is so disappointing dr mike
I honestly believe you don’t owe an apology. We need something fun to do  in our lives. "Living life to the fullest" has never been so controversial today.
"I'm young, I don't have health problems,..."  Me too, sir, me too. Except I still stay at home.
You learned nothing.  None of your videos about COVID no longer matter. You clearly are a liar and don't believe in science or medicine
This is bs and its even worse because you didn't post it to your MAIN CHANNEL. This is the 3rd doctor I've seen in a few weeks thrown precautions to the side and pretend like the pandemic is over. POST A REAL APOLOGY TO YOUR MAIN CHANNEL.
Dr. Mike,  Your video doesn't address the issue of how you were not social distancing in those photos. You have pictures of you much less than 6 feet away from a literal crowd of 10 people. YOU BROKE GUIDELINES. BE TRANSPARENT ABOUT THIS. The first half of your video was you trying to justify what you did! It's NOT justifiable!!  Dr. Mike, I shared several of your videos on my facebook page trying to combat misinformation among my family and friends. This is incredibly frustrating to hear, learning that you would go against your own advice, and party it up during a GLOBAL PANDEMIC.  You above all people should know better! There should have been a time during the lead-up to the party (maybe right after you were surprised?) that you should have thought "maybe I shouldn't go through with this"! You should have taken that temporary social life hit so that you could continue to be a good example that YOU ARE PUTTING YOURSELF OUT THERE TO BE!  This was YOUR CHOICE to be a LEADING VOICE OF REASON and you turn around and do this, betraying us all. Completely devastating.  This isn't just about the attempt to fight the pandemic of COVID-19, it's equally about the attempt to fight the pandemic of misinformation surrounding it. You have heavily violated them BOTH.
All in all, us viewers should try to do the best we can even if he isn't. Duh just bc he's out galavanting doesn't mean we should. If someone robs a bank they might get away with it. If you try to do it you might get shot in the head. Make decisions for yourselves, but don't be surprised when it goes wrong
I'm disapointed beyond words. I will never trust this man ever again. And what hurts even worse is in this video he continues to lie. "we were well below 10 people", sir, you can easily count to 15 people on that boat using the instagram pic. "Imma continue to be transparent" yeah.. as transparent as led apparently. SMH.
Oh wow everyone is super mad at him lol
Dr Mike why did you put your apology on your secondary channel, not your primary channel with millions of people on it? I have watched your channel and i have liked the content especially the reaction videos.   I dont know about anyone else, but one of my pet hates in the world are people who are sanctimonious, they preach down to everyone else about what they should be doing, while not practicing the same advice as everyone else.   Insincere social influencer apologies are at the rate of a dime a dozen these days. Just as faux apologies, where people apologize without actually apologizing and meaning it.   Everyone makes mistakes Mike, but your best advice would just to own your mistakes be forward and public about them and pull back on telling everyone else what to do.   Goodluck for the future.
Ummm You’re awesome Doc but this shoulda been on ur main channel. M not even subscribed to this channel, I didn’t even realize til I read the comments. Glad to hear you’ll do better 👍🏽😊
Bro! Why is it so hard to do nothing? Why?
His nice guy act has always been so transparent
It's not like this man just accidentally got onto a boat full of maskless people and accidentally didn't put his mask on,  then he has the nerve to be upset ppl are using him and saying that masks don't matter? Actions speak louder than words you hack, of course ppl are gonna see this well-known youtube Doctor partying on a boat with no mask and think 'oh guess masks aren't that important then I know and trust this guy' you are human garbage
I’d have far more respect for this apology if 1)it was on your main channel and 2) you had just admitted you made a mistake. If you had said “look, I made a really terrible decision, I’m sorry.” I’d honestly respect that more than “oh, I was trying to follow cdc guidelines while I smashed my face up against 15 other peoples’ faces, but I’m low risk! I’m sorry this devalues my message.”
Seriously??? You have been the go to doctor across many platforms for handling COVID responsibly, and now you go and do this??? Your actions have now given SO MUCH fuel to those that have been trying to say this is a hoax, or that it isn't as serious as it is. And the fact that you put this up on this channel and not your other one says so much... I get that it sucks to have so much riding on your shoulders but this is just ridiculous. Not to mention, if you did in fact go to see your dad, you have now put his health at risk as well, not to mention all your patients. It's not even just about going on the boat, it's the fact that you traveled from NY to freaking FL! What were you thinking??? The right thing to have done would have been to self quarantine for 14 days and just apologized without making lame excuses... This makes me so freaking sad.
you know what a great bday present is? not potentially exposing your dad and patients to covid
You should upload this on your main channel with 6 million subscribers...
Get stuffed. It's real easy to just do what you want and say sorry after.  This wasn't a momentary lapse. You didn't get up after a bad night of sleep and forget your mask on the way to get a McMuffin. What you did required you to make a conscious decision, with total forethought, over and over and over again. You didn't trip up in the street and fall into a party in Miami while the US is busy setting daily records for infections.  This isn't 'but I said sorry, teehee!' stuff. This is 'anti-gay campaigning Hungarian MEP József Szájer caught at a gay orgy' kind of stuff. It's hypocrisy on an insulting scale. It's a Trumpian level of selfishness. The difference is that we don't, and shouldn't, make excuses and gaslight ourselves to protect our world view from the reprehensible behaviour of people who ostensibly represent us.  This wasn't a 'mistake'. This was a conscious decision made many times over a long period of time. I *do not accept* your apology, and no-one should. The only door I can show you to is my unsubscribe button, and it is unfortunate I'll be in an extreme minority to show you to that door.
with the boat capacity, aren’t they taking into consideration people with masks on while still social distancing at their best efforts. i don’t think almost 15 people on a boat, with no masks nor any effort to social distance is any close to what they had meant by boat capacity.
You've done some really unprofessional things. Hopefully, this experience has made you a better person.
"my friends surprised me with a private boat as a belated birthday present."  🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
There you have it, another one bites the dust, who else 2020? Practice what you preach sir, I got 99 problems with you but I really didn't think this would be one of them lol
Mike, I am so disappointed. The fact that you are defending your actions by saying you are young, you live alone and you partied outside is beyond me. By these facts everyone below the age of 30 should just party like there is no pandemic. I am a 25 year old who lives alone and is doing university studies online, so by your “mitigating the risks” tactic I should be just having parties and going to parties because I am not at risk. As you can see that is how you spread covid and that is why WE ALL need to social distance!! And you know all of this so stop with the excuses!
This guy probably cheated his way through college and medical school.. the fact that he didn’t think he would get caught makes him too stupid to be allowed to practice
HYPOCRITE
Omg why you are one of my favourite YouTubers I would have thought you at least would have some integrity and honesty not be a hypocritical coward why does 2020 keep hurting us like this come on dr Mike own up to what you did on ur main channel still love your content just highly disappointed
The rhetoric and editing in this video don't make me feel bad for you, it's pretty disgusting. I actually feel bad for your patients and the community you serve. You say it only harms the medical message that you have preached before, but no, it's purely selfish. You might be fine during the pandemic because of your health, identity, and privilege, BUT the marginalized communities that are suffering and the people around you have it the worst. Those are the people we're supposed to be protecting as medical professionals, but now you're compromising their safety.
Apologize for pushing the covid people control bullshit in the first place!
It doesn’t really look like you take it seriously
Textbook Caucasian
Omg people  Really  Can you honestly say you have never forgot to put your mask on. Can you honestly say that you have your mask on all the time. He probably knew them and trusted them. I mean come on guys  Sometimes when your with your family and friends you pull your mask off. Give him a break  No ones perfect  And none of you are perfect  We all make mistakes  I'm sure you all have done this too So done be judgmental
What a let down.
Omg just let the guy do what he wants. Did him being on a boat effect you all personally? No. Are you all going to get covid becuase Dr. Mike was on a boat? No. If YOU wear a mask on YOUR OWN face, YOU will probably be fine. Plus, he's not making the vid because he's sorry, he did it becuase he got cuaght and now he has to make it becuase of backlash.
You’re ridiculous. If you don’t wanna be seen partying with a mask off then at least don’t take photos and upload it online for everyone to see.
I love it when people tell others to do something yet don't do it themselves and then apologize only when they get caught 😂🤣
Listen, he messed up. He wasn’t cautious enough. And he admitted that. As someone who lives in one of the greatest epicentres of this pandemics, I’ve seen much worse. We’ve watched hundreds of people over the summer dancing and partying mask-less, and their actions deeply influenced our national “curve”. They had no civic sense. Now, the guy here hasn’t broken the law, and even though he made a juvenile mistake, his actions haven’t resulted in tragedy or discomfort. He’ll learn from the web’s reaction, which was legitimate. But still, Mike has taught us so much and always goes out of his way to break stigmas and misconceptions. He’s a positive figure, but nobody’s perfect.
All of yall are over reacting.
So glad to see dr.mike being HUMAN.  WE ALL SCREW UP. keep being a great person dr. Mike!
I really want to defend Doctor Mike here, but whether or not it’s fair, he is held to a higher standard. He has a wide influence and professional credibility and there’s a huge responsibility with that. It’s a good reminder for us to all regard the influence we have, large or small. We’re all tired, and should remember you don’t have to have Doctor Mike’s following to have eyes on your actions. A behavior done once by one person might not be dangerous by itself, but if it’s repeated by even a small percentage of those that look up to him, those effects are significant.
I like how everyone ignored the facts he added on the precautions that he did before the birthday party. I forgive him as he explained himself. Sometimes I forget when things are normal as a small birthday party. I'm happy he went out to see people for some fun cause that's what all first responders need during these times. A small party is fine as long as you follow the protocols.   I'm sure he made sure everyone, including himself, healthy before starting this. I'm sure after the party they did another check or at least he did before he went back to work.
Tbh I would have understood if you would have just been like “sorry I screwed up.” But to make excuses and to put this on a channel with literally less than 10% of your following subscribed? NOW you’ve lost my respect. Not that you care. Unsubscribed.
Doctor Mike, listen you are not good at lying. Just say you are sorry and you won’t preach what you don’t believe in from now on. I get that you want popularity, but what is the point of it when you get it through stuff you don’t believe in?  Also comeon you gotta look at the pictures only before posting this! You yourself showed us that CDC don’t want more than 8 adults and yet in the picture that’s floating around online there are 15 of them and if we assume 1 adult is taking a pic then we have literally double the amount CDC says. Another thing I consider very bad is you not posting on the main channel with over 6 million subs. Why? This is very bad and I expected better from you.  I guess reality is often disappointing.
So you gonna post this on your main channel or be a coward?
He’s a doctor and he does this? Talk about privilege!
Wait what did he do??!??
I’m sorry I got caught, but I made sure everything was okay, I looked at every thing and I followed proper protocol. I am sorry though. I am also sorry that I post this on my small 66.6k channel and not my 6.2 million one.
Dr. Mike, as someone who also works in the medical field, SHAME ON YOU. Working in the field means we get more exposures than most people short of grocery workers. You put all 15 of those people at risk, all of the people they see and all of your patients and coworkers at risk too. You deserve the roasting you are getting, the fact you thought this was ok as a medical professional and an influencer disgusts me. Just because there aren't specific rules banning things doesn't mean you should do them, and we need to spend as much time as possible isolated.
We all screw up. Thanks for doing better.
Dr mike you just lost one simp
This is incredibly disappointing. You're a doctor, my guy. You've been telling people to stay home and wear their masks. You're a hypocrite now. I hope no one gets infected because of what you all did.
No
Disappointed still. Never knew you were one of them, really disappointing on ur part as a doctor.
Translucent shirt... I’m ok with that
Well my birthday also came and went this year and I decided not to do much of anything. I won’t lie I went out. First time that wasn’t to get groceries. I went to a thrift store but it wasn’t fun. I didn’t shift through the clothes I really just looked. It wasn’t fun. I was sad cause I knew I shouldn’t be out at all. So after 2 hours of looking at clothes and avoiding all the people who clearly didn’t care, I went home. Now just quarantining for 14 days. But I’m glad you had fun
Still deflecting and gaslighting.
I wasn’t allowed to leave the state for my birthday and Thanksgiving, to spend with my husband’s family.... my last birthday before I become a mom. I spent my birthday with my husband on my couch, eating pizza.   I’m very disappointed in this “apology”. Who cares about impact...someone who is a healthcare provider did the exact opposite of what we have been forced to deal with all year.
Wow doctor mike, the disappointment in you actually has hurt me. I feel extremely sad, i really did enjoy you as a person. You were the one medical professional that was on the internet that i could trust to give non biased information. Im disappointed that you choice what you chose to do, probably more than once. Just the hypocrisy of it all. Wow. The fact that this wasnt uploaded to your main account, and that this was a backhanded apology was such a copout. Its so hard to trust you after this i must say. People like you are the people we’re supposed to trust as medical professionals? Shame on you. Shame on you for trying to justify a miami boat party that completely violated guidelines!!
Honestly, how is this honest and transparent when you post this apology on your smaller channel instead of your bigger platform? It just seems shady, as if to just throw this under the bus.
Give him a break!! It’s a hard time right now, especially for us medical workers. Yes we are around patients and need to be conscious of that BUT we’re also human and need a break some times. Dr. Mike, like everyone else is human and makes mistakes.
Well they UV Rays kill the virus so he's fine out there!
I appreciate this explanation and your apology. My only suggestion is post this video on your main channel. After I heard about this I looked for a comment from you and on your most recent video I saw people talking about this video. Continue to learn from your mistakes and stay true to yourself and us. I appreciate all the info you give and that you are willing to admit you may have messed up even though at the time it may not have seemed like a problem. Like I said please upload to your main channel so more people can see your message.
As if y’all in the comments are sitting at home and always following the rules. People do much worse things than going out once with a group of friends on a PRIVATE boat, not even public. So stop making all this drama. It’s just disappointing how people are always looking for others’ “mistakes” to start shaming them and savoring their fails.
I couldn’t go to my grandfather’s funeral. Common dude.
Sorry Dr Mike but this is not right. Those pics are kinda disgusting and we know you didn't check anything, u just did it cuz it was a fun surprise full of half naked women. So please just shut up. Honestly unsubbing cuz of this gross behavior from A DOCTOR.
This is a major milestone!  You are famous enough for people to make up scandals about!   This is ridiculous that you even have to make a video for this.  You're doing your best, just like the rest of us.  Love your content, I respect you very much. I don't love you less. Yet.
Dr. Mike: Please know, mistakes happen. Most of the people slamming you for that photo are doing the same if not worse, so none of them have any room to talk or gripe. There is a reason our country is still on the rise for this pandemic. I know I'm just one person, but for what it's worth, I forgive you. Your good deeds far outweigh this one mistake. Stay happy and healthy! With love and support from Ga.
You’ve lost all credibility from here to the end of your life. I hope your career collapses in front of your eyes like a California wild fire and you’re ultimately left with nothing until you’re crying in a dark hole alone. I’m sick of you elitist types virtue signaling and grand standing with your noses in the air telling us how to live our lives when you don’t even follow you’re own rules. Your lucrative career, your life, it’s all over
Well, we all make mistakes.. The problem is that since you are a public persona, those mistakes are scrutinized with a big magnifying glass.  You are HUMAN, and succumbed to the peer pressure..  NEXT TIME in my humble opinion, speak up before anyone else!! You should just immediately post this "mistake of yours BEFORE anyone else".. I love your videos, they are informative, cute and I WILL NEVER STOP FOLLOWING YOU!.. You just got a little taste of what being "famous" means.. So take care! and keep your chin up!
Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde admit i'm wrong when i'm wrong
I understand that you are human and though I'm still disappointed I really hope you learned from this experience
I want to congratulate myself. This is my first time seing a balanced like and dislike.
thank you for not crying, I hate it when people cry in their apology videos. you won’t see this yet I have some things to say. I understand the cause of you wanting to take these actions but I do not understand how you could take them. I don’t know the details, and I dont know you so I can’t judge you. All I can do is make sure I don’t make these mistakes. Thank you for sharing and educating me
Not all doctors are perfect. Although he is wrong for this. Don’t discredit his medical information. Please still home still.
Dr. Mike, I love you, and still do. You are a great person, a great influence on all of us, and yes you made a mistake and that’s ok. I wouldn’t call it a mistake but more of a thing you did that is against the rules, especially during these times in the pandemic, but I actually understand. Everyone needs to get away some times. Even doctors and full grown adults need to see their friends and family, and need some free time every once in a while. I’m not saying that you were in the right here, being on a boat mask less with people you aren’t living with or super close with probably isn’t something anyone should be doing, but if I need to admit it, I’ve also been around friends. I’m 13 and I need my friends more than ever right now. We try to wear our masks as much as possible when we are around each other, but we aren’t perfect either. No one is and I can almost guarantee that. Dr. Mike, you are still great and I love that you apologized and showed that you did something that wasn’t great. I Just have one question, Did anyone get COVID? Cause if COVID was spread during this boat party, my outlook on it might be a bit different. I still love you though and you are still so inspirational to me. You coming out and telling us what you did actually makes me a bit happy. It shows me that everyone is human and we can all make mistakes,
Imagine lecturing your audience for months on the dangers of the rona and then turning out to be a complete hypocrite! I’m glad you are smart enough to assess individual risk while the rest of us must lose business because we aren’t smart enough to assess the risk for ourselves. Absolutely shameful that you wouldn’t post your apology to the main channel seeing as this is where you lectured us!
Okay so you’re friends “surprised” you with a boat party... you couldn’t put your foot down and do the responsible thing not only as a person, but also as a DOCTOR and call it off or tell them no?  Utter bullshit 😒
Don't mind me just reading salty Comments.
Okay so everyone does mistakes and just because he did a mistake and has a mansion or whatever it doesn't mean you can just unsubscribe to him. I saw a lot of comments saying "and I've been watching him for years" but if you are really a fan and you enjoy watching doctor mike,  then you shouldn't be saying something hateful or displeasing because that just shows that you weren't really a fan or even admired him. So if you watch him a lot and he going to Miami and being on a boat/yacht with family and friends upsets you than you are just being fake like why don't you think before doing something that might upset someone. Don't be hypocrites and also not just people "in power" not stay at home i'm pretty sure people who "don't have power" also don't stay at home. Like come one people i'm pretty sure you have brains to think before doing something.
The only doctor I trust is Dr. Matt Carriker
I don't think it was that wrong if you all tested negative beforehand and quarentined afterwards. It was your birthday and a friend surprised you,  were you supposed to say no? I think its okay to meet with people every now and then as long as you take the proper measures. But you  were wrong to post this on your second channel and not your main one. And maybe you shouldn't have posted pictures cause that's just a big F U  to those who really stay at home and see no one even though it kills them.
Everyone in the comments are doctors lol
So dissappointed
I’m glad you’re disappointed, you guys deserve it. This is what you get when you put a young, attractive, rich celebrity on a pedestal. He’s a doctor not a saint. Pick a better role model morons
I don't blame you Mike. I wouldn't be able to say no to a private yacht with swimsuit models either.
Not on the main ch? hmm
You consciously chose to go. You think you’re just above everyone else because you’re wealthy and famous? The absolute hypocrisy of preaching social distancing since the beginning, only to have a mask-less yacht party in MIAMI (with some of the highest COVID cases in the US) with some insta models and to lie about how many people were there. You say you live alone, yet you’re a DOCTOR. You see hundreds of people a day. You didn’t quarantine. To top it all off, you posted this half-assed apology to a smaller YouTube channel almost nobody from your audience watches/knows about, because you’re hoping nobody finds out and your reputation isn’t damaged. Mike, I’ve loved you and your videos since you started but to say I’m disappointed and furious is an understatement. I really expected better from you, and you let us all down. I guess rich people are above the law, huh?
This guy is a doctor. Let me repeat HE IS A DOCTOR. It doesn’t matter if he lives alone. He could get COVID and risk spreading it to multiple people. He’s partying and having fun, meanwhile me and multiple other kids in my class are sad and even crying because they can’t see their friends on there last year in middle school. It was selfish of him to do it, but it’s only when they get caught. That’s when they’re “sorry”.
Insincere turd
Let’s be honest I saw the picture and it’s hard to pass up that Crowd
Sure.  Risk is a spectrum.  Risk-benefit analysis is hard.  However, these “risks” should be things like school, jobs, and grocery shopping.  Not partying and traveling.  I’m 17.  I am “young and healthy.”  I live in a small town in western Pennsylvania.  In August, my family had to make the difficult decision that my brother and I would attend in person school (well, as in person as it gets.  My district believes in science so we have a complicated hybrid schedule).  We talked in depth about how we thought our educations would suffer if we didn’t return to school.  This is all to decide to sit in a classroom with ten other people, all masked and all physically distant.  For some families, that was too great of a risk.  Their children are immunocompromised.  They have grandparents in the home.  Their mother is undergoing chemotherapy.  Whatever it may be, some families chose a cyber option.  That is an example of a spectrum of risk.  This Tana of Jake Paul-esque apology is nothing but a joke.
This must be a joke, right?? 😂😂😂
Sir, I turn 21 next month and I wanted to party and I may not be able to, and yet people like you do not give two shits and put others at risk because you want to party
“rules are for theeeee, not for me” HUH???!! ARE YOU- SIR THE FUCKING HYPOCRISY. YOU’RE A DOCTOR.
Should have been on your main channel, Doc. We all daw it and this just makes it look like you are doing a non-apology and hoping to not dent your “good guy” brand.  Should should be ashamed. And you should own up on your main channel. Until then, sorry, you’re just a hypocrite. You more than anyone know that your “personal risk” puts SO MANY MORE than JUST YOU T risk.  Sincerely-  Your 36 year old, genetically unlucky, high-risk patient who has been quarantined since FEBRUARY and doesn’t have a giant platform and friends to *surprise* rent them a boat with a bunch of bikini models to blow off some stress. (And would still look at them like “HAVE YOU HEARN NOTHING I’VE SAID ALL YEAR??” And declined the TONEDEAF “gesture” if I did.)   Seriously- you SHOULD be cancelled permanently. You probably filmed this before you even left for COVID-RIDDLED Florida.   The only risk you contemplated before this idiot mood was your subscriber loss, how long you would take yo regain it, and your STD risk with those  Florida COVIDIOTS  in bikinis.   Seriously, lost more respect for you keeping this on your “back channel”, because owning up would have take BALLS ON YOUR REAL CHANNEL.  COWARD. Hope it was worth it.  But hey, you’re still young and hot and face sincerity pretty well, so I’m sure it was. You employees and colleagues in NYC though... might hVe a different opinion.   You aren’t a resident anymore, you are people’s lives in your hands, you’re too old for your prettyboy nonesense to get you out of this.   Be a MAN. POST IT ON YOUR NAIN CHANNEL AND TAKE YOUR LUMPS.
Ugh y’all can be to much! First off he’s human ,people make mistakes! Stop hate bashing the man! We have been hit with a very hard year. I think we can all agree that the urge/need to have some fun is bit needed. Another thing I hardly doubt y’all have 100% stayed home and never had a little fun these last few months! The need to wear a mask and stay safe is very real. However I don’t think we should live in fear of the unknown. If you follow protocol and guidelines and wear a mask i believe it’s okay to allow your self some fun. We live in a very stressful time and we all try our best to do what we can! As a person with a platform it puts him in a position where what ever he does it’s Public knowledge. I feel like his fame isnt a reason to hate and attack him. As fans of the platform we watch videos of Dr.Mike regularly and from those we have a general idea of who he is and what hes Character is  like. I think the people who attack and hatebash arnt true fans. Dr.Mike has shown time and time again that he can be compassionate , kind , respectful, informative and caring. The internet can be such a hateful place. Even if he did make an accident and was unintentional careless. At what point have any one us ever been such a perfect human!
Just a quick question for everyone who thinks their perfect!  I dare you to be in Dr mikes shoes for a single day ! I personally think he has integrity and has guts to show his face again and take responsibility for what he did.
No, Dr. Mike. This is really crappy of you. You could have just said you made a dumb decision and f*cked up. This is just a video of you trying to justify it. No.
Romans 3:23 “For we have all sinned and fall short of the glory of God”. We all make mistakes, you learn from them, ask for forgiveness and move on. Thank you for your apology!
Dude's just a Jake Paul with a doctorate
lmao all these people acting like they’re perfect. People you do realize that you’re not perfect and you’ve broken guidelines at least once. Even if doctor mike is a doctor, he’s still a person and makes mistakes.
He's a human. He makes mistakes. Won't be his last. Does that mean I'm going to go out on a boat with a bunch of people right now? No. This past month, I've seen a lot of nurses go do crazy things, like take pictures at huge family gatherings. It only takes one to have it and to give it. Wash your hands, wear your mask, and buckle up. It is only going to get worse.  I am still going to love Dr. Mike. He's the reason I felt the need to go to my doctor to get something checked out in my leg. Turns out, it is cancer. A synovial sarcoma.   So thank you for being a doctor. I wasn't there on your boat. I didn't get to see the rest of your trip or anything but a picture. BUT I appreciate the messages you send out. I appreciate you encouraging us to go see our doctors and actually feel comfortable doing so. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
You were supposed to be the chosen one. Boy am i let down by you now.
GTFOH  What is good for thee is not for me.   Your whole story is BS. You traveled against your own recommendation. That right there nullifies your whole story.
I believe in Doctor Mike. I do. I don’t think these are excuses, I think he’s being transparent about his stupid way of thinking when he did what he did. So yeah, he acknowledges the mistake AND EVEN IF HE DIDN’T, COVID-19 still is something to take seriously. Whatever his intentions were with this video, whether it was genuine or a way to get away with the fact that “he got caught”, what he’s saying about COVID-19 is completely true.
So, this video has +22 mil comments, which is far more than most of his videos about Covid in his MAIN channel, and yet people are being hateful about it? oõ The guy messed up, we ALL do, but he at least apologised! If that's not enough for you, just unsubscribe to his channel and get it over with. Yes, we're ALL disappointed at him for breaking his own recommendations, it IS upsetting to have someone we looked up to making a mistake, but jeez why all this hate? The internet is so messed up m8...    Also, I highly doubt that everybody gushing about hypocrisy has been a saint through this hole thing...
I still love you. You didn't let me down. We all still need to live our lives. The world does not stop because there is a pandemic. You want to go on a boat? Go on a freaking boat.
You are a public figure... and a doctor. Just.... be smarter. How did u not know this would look bad????
I still respect you however I am very disappointed at you for this situation. Yes everyone makes mistakes and I get that.  Sounds like you are coming down with a cold though, dear.
So many wanna be Doctor's in the comments lmao 😂
Leave mike ALONE if you are seriously hating on him for this GROW UP and you better make sure you have NEVER made a mistake in your life. Cancel culture is so freaking stupid as viewers WE need to do better
He was just trying to get some action. Probably did tbh
He was drinking. You can't blame him for not thinking clearly.     Just kidding
The best thing 2020 has done is exposing people with truth. Examples: Taylor×kanye full length call. Dr. Mike. Etc etc.
Hypocrite. Why not post this "apology" video on your main channel? Too embarrassed?
You’re a doctor... and you’re also a son, a friend a neighbor, a brother, a loved one.... you’re human. Grab grace and move on🙏
Very disappointed. Unfollowed from all social media. The guy is a doctor that keeps telling us to stay home. He is just sorry he got caught! Tired of all the hypocrisy!
When you think the hippocratic oath is spelled Hypocratic oops
People with money apparently don’t have to be concerned with Covid.
I only knew about this from a Buzzfeed article.... so disappointing. Yes maybe you’re risk factors are low, but what about the ppl you come in contact with?
I'm just here reading people arguing in the comments section while eating my popcorn. Like if you're doing the same. Lol.
I find it funny how you guys are all judging him as if you guys don't constantly go out to hang out with a large group of friends and party. I have seen TONS and TONS of people constantly going out to weddings and other gatherings of multiple people without even wearing a mask. Worry about yourselves first before you attack others. Just because he's a doctor doesn't mean he's not human too. He made a mistake but he's not the only person who did something like this.
We want you to post the script online. Maybe Broadway could hire you
Dr. Mike,  You have spent MONTHS telling us not to take unnecessary risks. MONTHS telling us to wear a mask and social distance. Yes, you have mentioned individual risk, but ALWAYS telling us to adhere to mask-wearing and social distancing.  Furthermore, as a medical doctor, you should be well aware, that the fact that you are young and healthy has NOTHING to do with your risk for catching Covid. NOTHING! Your youth and relative health, MAY give you a better chance of recovering if you catch it, but exposure to the disease is what puts you at risk for contracting it. And, as you well know, relatively healthy people have died from this virus. Once you get it, you have no way of knowing how bad it will be. Reckless behaviour like yours, is exactly the kind of behaviour that medical professionals, LIKE YOU, have been discouraging for 8 MONTHS NOW!   Risk assessment? Are you kidding?  I too checked the CDC guidelines on boating activities, and YOU DID NOT FOLLOW THEM! There was excessive physical contact with others, and practically no social distancing. And you are A DOCTOR! You treat patients! What about the risk YOU pose to others. You did not consider that at all! We social distance to protect ourselves, and others! You did not follow the guidelines, and you did not follow your own advice!  You had to look on the CDC guidelines, to know that you should not be doing this? Really? I am a layman, and I would not need to consult the CDC to know that this is wrong. This does not pass the sniff test.   This is not even a real apology! So much equivocation, I do not know why you bothered to record this video!   I have 2 cousins, essential workers, struggling with this disease. They took every precaution, but got it anyway.  I would respect you, if you just apologized, without excuses. However, you continue to try to spin this!  Shame on you!
He put it here so people who didn’t know about it don’t see it. People who knew probably also knew he had this other channel so his apologizing to us. I love Dr. Mike. But this video made me lose mad respect for him. He can say he apologized if asked. But not were people can see it.
Always cool when someone fesses up to a mistake. Thanks!
O give me a break. Doctors are the worst on hygiene EVEN BEFORE COVID. I was always nervous in doctors offices. I saw them going from one patient to an other not WASHING HANDS NO GLOVES. Hypocrites.
Everyone makes mistakes Doc... thank you for fighting on the front lines during this crazy dangerous time.
Sooooo even tho he abided by the set guidelines put forth by HAs and CDC, he’s gotta apologize for people being triggered? Wow, that’s not very cash money of people who just want to complain at him about his life. Anyone that’s got a problem with him should take a good long hard look in the mirror and ask themselves “is this any of my business?” And if the answer is anything but no, then you shouldn’t consider yourself a logical person by any stretch of the imagination...
Okay but like, I'm only hearing the apology. I have no idea what you're talking about. Could I get an explanation?
I don't think you need to apologize. This pandemic is making a huge impact on mental health. You are not constantly out and exposing others around you. This was a one time deal, you were visiting your father and got surprised by your friend. Your friend whom i'm positive fully supports you and your advice.  I'm sure he/she respected all the boundaries and made a decision that it was safe to see each other. Otherwise I'm sure your friend in no way would have put you at risk. I work day in and day out with covid patients. I am exhausted. But there is a point when the people you love the most, you need to visit. With safety precautions in place, which is what you did, went above and beyond which i'm sure is more than any other human as done, especially those people who decided to attack you. If you knew you were in the wrong, you wouldn't have done it. We who support you, trust your judgement of what you did.
Awe. Its okay Dr. Mike. We are all human and we all make mistakes. I don't think any less of you. Just take care of yourself and everyone on the channel do the same. It hits different when your loved one is in the hospital...or maybe even you.
I feel like if you were sincere, you would have put this on your main channel. Also, we who have been staying home and having to "fight" the Trumpers and other "Covid is a hoax/not worse than season flu" stuff, have just been issued a gut punch by your Miami party. I know we are all human and make mistakes but this one really gave covid deniers ammunition against us who have been self-isolating.
I just love that everyone here is shitting on him ... and they probably have done a similar thing... seeing the straw in someone else’s eye yet not seeing the 2X4 in their own eye is laughing stock, to say the least. Dr. Mike, you are brave enough to admit that you too are human. Keep it up! It doesn’t change one bit my (very) high opinion on you. Much love!
I admire that he admits that he messed up. We are all humans and cancel culture is stupid.
I don't condone the choice you made, but I do sincerely hope that you learn from this. We can all do better; mistakes are how we grown as human beings, and unfortunately we need to face the consequences of those mistakes. You are put on a pedestal as an influencer and a doctor, so when you fall off of that it's going to hurt, and others are going to criticize.
You live alone except when you're visiting your dad in his apartment? Or was he not there and you stayed in his vacant apartment?
You mentioned you assessed your risks "I am young, I live alone..." There are millions of people that are young and live alone. So since you thought it was OK to go party with 15+ people after you concluded you are low risk, is ok for everyone to "assess their risk" and go party?  Hypocrite!!!
“I’m soooooooo sorry........that I got caught.”
You should really put this on your main channel dr mike not your side one
How about you post this on your main channel? Look, I'm not for canceling anyone for one thing, especially when that one thing is something a ton of other young people would have done. I mean let's be honest, most people are going to friends' and family's houses and hanging out without masks or social distancing. I'm fine with that, but I also never told millions of people to not do that. Like was anyone really thinking that Dr. Mike hasn't gone anywhere except to work for almost a year? He is young and healthy, he doesn't have to worry about this virus like the majority of similar people. The fame and money all come at a price, this is one example.
Thank you for your honesty, sir. You’re human. You messed up. We all do on occasion. Most of us don’t have our mess ups aired so broadly on social media. So thank you for communicating with us. I’m sorry people aren’t being more charitable with you after all the good you’ve done and will continue to do.
My brother just passed away on Thanksgiving Day due to schlorosis of the liver and had to die alone in the hospital without his family by his side because of people like you who are telling people they must wear a mask or social distance themselves from one another no questions asked.  You've made statements that people should absolutely not have mini parties and gatherings and that people that do not wear mask should be arrested.  Apology not accepted.  You can shove it where the sun don't shine and go reflect on that.  All you are is a social media influencer that was taking advantage of the COVID fear mongering and got caught.  I hope your career crashes and burns after this.
Sigh i am so disappointed dr Mike. I honestly thought it was fake news when I saw it.
Wtf. I don’t get it. This is making him look like a psychopath and narcissist. All he had to say I messed up, I’m sorry and done! The excuses and deflection is not helping.
No accountability, just a bunch of pandering and excuses, The hypocrisy.
What’s going on? Like the full situation? I’m so lost rn
What a cringey non apology, apology video. You’re like racists that “apologize” saying they’re sorry you took offense to their racism.  Talk about fake AF.
I am more mad that u didn’t upload to your main channel like dude cmon you  fucked up just say I fucked up this is my responsibility  I take accountability. And be fine with it I hate it when people try to preach to the people and not follow it.
Him not putting this on his main channel is very telling. I never cared for this youtuber, something always seemed duplicitous and manipulative about him, and it turns out my gut feeling was right.
If you were truly sincere about your apology, you would've posted this video on your main channel, Mike. Very dissapointed.
"I'm just sorry I got caught" narcissism at its finest.
Everyone makes mistakes but hope you will change the mistake. There are many people who look up to you especially those who are still scared of covid. Doctor Mike, you are a great doctor and it's ok to be not perfect and again EVERYONE makes mistake and you learn from them. You are human and not a robot. I forgive you.
I get how you admit that you’re wrong, but you really need to think about this next time
Idk what to say cuz Dr. Mike always was the one I feel could use his channel and popularity to at least make some people wear mask and take COVID seriously.. but what he has done basically will become some people evidence to fight against wearing masks. By the end of the day, I see him as a youtuber than a real doctor. If you work in the frontline and u have to worry about you will never see your families if u get infected or u have seen so much death that could have been avoid.. simply wearing a mask if the price u r willing to pay... that is responsibility a doctor would definitely choose. Let's be honest, US did not do a good job on fighting against COVID.. it is not just about some so called lockdown (which is no way near real lockdown) and only make medical staff to sacrifice. tons of people do not cooperate.. wearing mask such simple things still could become a point people fight..
Lyrics: Bla bla bla bla bla bla Bla bla bla bla bla bla Bla bla bla bla bla bla Bla bla bla bla bla bla x10000  I’m sorry
My twin sister and I weren't even able to be together for the first birthday in our lives on our thirtieth birthday because we were following the guidelines, but it's okay for you to go to Miami and party on a boat? It's not about our personal risk, Mike (calling you a doctor implies some amount of respect or faith in your medical expertise, neither of which I have for you anymore). It's about the risk to our community.
This really should be on your main channel, Dr. Mike.
Come one  doctor mike😕... this really hurted me cause i look up to you😔...
Put this on your main channel, doc. Putting it on a channel with 1% of the sub base is foolish and seems underhanded. You knew this.
We would have believed your apology if it was posted on your  main channel 🥲
The rich keep proving they don't think the rules apply to them. All us peons who can't afford not to work better follow all the guidelines, but if you can afford to hang out on a private boat, that's clearly the exception to the rule. Your credibility is in the toilet, and you've damaged the credibility of your profession.
Just so you will be aware, Mikki Willis just commented on the debunking plandemic video
I can’t think of anything to say that hasn’t been said in these comments already. You got caught. You’re not posting this on your main channel- hell, I didn’t even know this WAS a channel of yours until five minutes ago. And of all the places to go party- dude, I live in Florida. It is BAD here. BAD. There is no way I believe you are actually sorry, and there’s nothing you can say to make me take you seriously.
This is not a dent but a bullet hole to your credibility
It's nobody's freaking business if you were on a boat with your friends, that all made the choice for themselves if they wanted to put themselves in that position or not! You shouldn't be apologizing for celebrating with your friends! You are all adults that made the choice to celebrate together. Good grief, people.  Mind your freaking business.
All good doctor mike
Why do youtubers always post apologies or statements on their least viewed platform? Shouldn't this be on his main channel to reach a wider audience? A lot of people don't know about this second channel..
You’re talking about honesty? Transparency? Post this on your main channel. I’ve turned to you as a light to guide me through the rights and wrongs of this pandemic, and I’ve trusted you and listened to you to guide me. It’s disappointing you went to that party, but it’s understandable, you’re only human and you did follow most of the areas guidelines so fair enough. But you still messed up, and should take full accountability. I didn’t even know about this second channel until I saw a hate comment on your last video. Apologizing in a way that guarantees all of your audience will see it is the best thing you can do right now, this seems more like a way for you to get media off your back. Right now, you don’t seem remorseful of your actions at all. Show people that you are, and that you take your position and your reach seriously.
K I agree with all the negative comments, but like...he’s a human....so...humans mess up. Again I do agree that what he did shouldn’t have happened, but still. Perspective   If anyone would like to converse about this, please reply to me! Tell me if I’m wrong! I am not firmly set on an opinion yet!
What a rich piece of trash.
I'm sorry but you cant expect people to take you seriously when you flaunt the rules...this is why people don't take covid seriously.. Do as I say not as I do attitude especially from the medical community.
The apology is actually genuine how could u be mad after this
This is the "elite" pretending to have your best interests in mind, projecting this disgusting facade of remorse and relatability. Behind the facade, he is laughing his way to the bank, his riches funded by the stupid, mindless sheep who lustfully gobble the will of their masters. Please sir, let me kiss your feet, throw me some slop. Thank you so much Master for undermining my autonomy.
Why isn’t this on your main channel :(((((
So this is what i was expecting.  Yes at a party, but within the state guidelines.  And before he  goes back to see patients he will be doing a quarantine because he will be crossing into a different state.  Too bad someone posted a private event with no context
Like people he did a bad thing but he did give a sincere apology and we just have to trust him to make better decisions.
Excuse me sir but you are a doctor. You see people who are at a much higher risk then yourself! Its not about you its about them.    Where I live (New Brunswick) we had a doctor that went to a high risk area then did not isolate and that lead to several people getting the virus.  Two of those people DIED because of this and it was all traced back to him. He even had a valid reason to go there, unlike you who just wanted to have fun.  We all want to have fun, I canceled a trip to Europe this year, but I actually do what is right.   Also putting this on your second channel is just trying to cover it up. Own up to it and maybe I'll actually respect you again.
Dang. Dude yes I just saw the picture. Im just going to say it's not okay to not wear a mask with people and so close that your faces are touching! That's not safe!
This isn’t even on your main. Plainly irresponsible, I’m just disappointed
I’m in disgusted disbelief. Why’d u start with the “we.” U went partying, “we” did not. Disgusting!
Live ur life people! There is risk in life, I take calculated risks when it comes to covid, and I get tested before visiting high risk fam members.   The Thanksgiving party i had required everyone to get tested. We need to stop pointing fingers, none of us are fucking perfect and I am SO over the cancel culture during covid.
Don't  Apologize, I wont judge you for being human, you provide information so people can make there own choices and be as safe as they can be in there way of life. Stay home or not its not your place to tell people what do do with there lives but to help guide them to be safe,  so be you boo boo be safe and keep up the good work
I didn’t even have a bday party this year, and I turned 21!😡😡
Timing is everything. Bad timing during the most perilous time of this pandemic.  Many of us are hiding out, staying in, not even risking a single masked shopping trip. Step up. Show you can sit tight and be patient, like the rest of us. Just a few more months left.
Everyone makes mistakes, regardless of profession. Thank you for being honest.
I have to say I'm also disappointed in the comments.  With a large following comes an added responsibility.  Like it or not, you become a role model and have tons of eyes on you.  But, you're HUMAN just like everyone in the comments coming after you like they've never screwed up before.  And while I can't condone it, it's not like he's the only one ignoring rules...
How stupid do you think your viewers are? Also notice that you didn't have the balls to put this on your main channel either. Hypocrite.
Idk why y’all are hating him for messing up one time yea he was saying don’t go out and everything but most of you guys don’t listen and is why our cases are getting worse smh
The fact that people are so butt hurt about it means they hold you to such high regard Mike. All good my man!
You're a doctor. There is zero excuses. Unfollow. I am really sorry because I loved your videos.
My mans was just tryna slam some puss. Leave him alone. Covid era has been very stressful
If you really wanted to apologize you would have posted to this on your main channel and taken responsibility rather than make excuses for yourself.   This was a strawman apology and extremely manipulative. This was clearly very carefully crafted to make you look as good as possible and diminish the backlash, possibly done with you publicist/agent.   I could break down the manipulation and strawman, line by line, but everyone clearly sees how bad this apology was. And people aren’t stupid, they can break it down themselves.  Also, if anyone wants to see, Alan Roberts did a good breakdown of this apology video.   I’m still subbed though. You’re human and you make mistakes. Albeit this was kind of a major mistake considering how large your fanbase is and your profession, but whatever. Good luck moving forward.  I’m sure you’ll bounce back. You’re not the kind of youtuber that’s gonna stay in scrutiny for long. Give it like...2 weeks maybe?
I've always liked Dr.. Mike...However, in his statement on this vid he said he was following guidelines of less than 10 people on the boat.  But if you look at the pics in the news and on the internet, there are 15 people in the picture on the boat, 4 men, 11 women, no one masked.  So not only is he wrong in his explanation on this video, but it's just not a good look in so many ways, imo.
Unless you’ve followed CDC guidelines flawlessly for the past 6 months; calm down. This guys been on the front lines fighting this thing, made a human error and apologized.
I looked him up cause people saying he’s hot....         I’m incredibly disappointed 😞
That is one manipulative speech about how you did nothing wrong 🙄 good to know who you truly are Dr. Mike
You put your father who you "visited" in Miami at risk
I’m so glad you’re not my doctor.
Since covid:    Haven't seen ANY family members in 8 months.  My brother and his family usually visit us during the summer - that was cancelled; and might be cancelled again in the coming year depending on where things are at.  My mom didn't celebrate her birthday in the way she usually does.    Have not gone out to eat in 8 months.    Don't go anywhere except grocery stores (no movies or entertainment).  (I work so I do go to work five days a week).    We didn't invite anyone over for Thanksgiving.    Will not be inviting anyone over for Christmas.  Get flack from some family members who think it's fake.  I do this because my mom is elderly and she has some health conditions and she lives with me.  I don't want her to get sick.  I want her to live as long as it is possible for her to live.  Mostly, it hasn't bothered me too much - I'm a introvert, so I've actually liked it at times.  But, I am sick of other aspects of it.  BUT, what I am most sick of, are people saying we should stay home, but then not doing so themselves.  Then, they make the "Apology" video or statement.  I do like your channel, Dr. Mike, but I'm not sure how much of a "mistake" you made.  You have been telling everyone not to do what you just did.    You went on to the CDC website NOT for guidance (because you knew what was right and wrong) but instead to justify why it was okay for you to violate the guidelines you have been stressing to others.    You didn't NEED to go on that boat and you know that.  You shouldn't have done it.  It was wrong.  Disappointing.  It's going to be much harder for you to give advice to others now when you can't even follow it yourself.  I will continue to do what has been asked, to protect my mother as well as I can, but the behavior you exhibited is why this is not going to end anytime soon and why people doing what they are supposed to do and making sacrifices are getting sick and tired of it and of the behavior of people like you.  Generally, I think you are a good person (from what I see in videos at least) but in this moment, you are one of the people making things worse, not better.
Then stop supporting something that has a survival rate of 99.97% when You have constantly preached that only wearing a mask is they way. You may be young but you are the guy telling us what to do from a professional stand point way, and telling influncers like phillip defranko amd others to basically shame people who don't wear a mask. And the politicize portion of this i agree ot shouldn't have happened but you also took part with that when you made a video with a politician.
Dr. Party 🎉
He deleted Mark Dice's comment LMAO 🤣
Doctor Mike, it is of utmost importance that you don’t let these terrible words tear your down. By watching your videos, I can see that you are a genuine person. This was a mistake and you are human. Humans make mistakes day in and day out. I am proud of you for being upset with your decisions as it it important to admit.  Also, for those of you criticizing every little thing that he does, I think it is time for you all to realize that he is human like each and everyone of you. Give him a little slack.
Apology on the side channel? Scumbag.
BUT YOU ARE A DOCTOR??????????? TF? excuses.... you literally had a choice. 🙄
HALF OF YOU PROBABLY HAD THANKSGIVING WITH 10 or more people 🤭
Really disappointed. All he had to do was admit he was in the wrong and shouldn't have done it instead of trying to come up with these excuses. Now covid deniers are gonna use this doctors carelessness to justify their own.
You aren’t sorry for what you did, you are sorry you got caught 😂 and I bet you will do it again too lol
Virtual signalling - masks are harmful. What's killing you most is the mask. Who is paying you for this garbage?
The bad news: you're a hypocrite who thinks he's smarter than everyone else. You're saying you can assess your personal risk, but no one else can assess their own risk. The good news: you'd make an excellent governor for California.
Thank God for you, Doctor Mike
you're not in the wrong, this is just gotten very political. you were just trying to have fun and let off some steam which is also very important. I get why people are mad for other reasons than political, like how you are kind of being hypocritic.
God knows what you have done and you will suffer for this. Come clean now or go to hell. This is your only chance to tell the truth! Take it or burn 🔥
What a hypocrite
If you are rich, you’re not at risk (The influencers). I bet they had some working class people serving at their party.
Y'all.... The Miami-Dade County website says "maximum of 10 on the boat OR 50 percent of the rated capacity, whichever is GREATER". You can't really use that part to support your argument. I get that he shouldn't have been on the boat in the first place but he was following that guideline
Yeah I agree, actions speak louder than words. It makes me think I’m worrying too much about staying in. I definitely think I’ll go on a first date Friday even with people saying we need to tighten up our restrictions. I’m young, &I live alone too
This should be on your main channel.
Dr. Mike, I'm so disappointed in not only your behavior but your obvious lack of genuine remorse. Why isn't this apology video on your main channel? Your 6.49 million subscribers deserve to see this inauthenticity, not just the 68.3 thousand on this channel.
What are you apologizing for? I know tons of people going against the guidelines!!! You don't deserve all this hate
This comment section is so toxic, everyone makes mistakes (you have all probably done something equivalent, perhaps unknowingly, with the only difference being you are lucky enough to not be spotlighted like Dr. Mike)
So, when you going to post this on your actual YouTube channel?  🎵 one of these clips are not like the other 🎵  THIS ONE. LITERALLY. IS NOT. A. CLIP,
Only apologizing because he got busted...damage control.  You really think you want people to believe that you looked up stuff on the CDC website before getting with some tan oily bitches on boat in Miami. 😅🤣😂😆
Ok but why is the video posted on this channel? Why is he acting like he doesn’t have a bigger channel? I only found out about his “apology” video through Reddit. I didn’t even realize he addressed it because I searched for the video on his other channel.
*Mike, there people that are dyiny*
I like how most people complaining don't even watch his channel regularly and just coming to drop hate from that news article
Very disappointed in Dr Mike. Grow up! A  belated birthday party in Florida, BS!!! You live in New York. You did not know what your friends had planned for you? Really? Sex,  women, money and good looks is a good reason to do what ever you want.  I turned 30 today, will be on zoom call  with family and friends
Admits he was wrong, on a 2nd channel not commonly viewed by his audience. Very authentic apology Dr. Mike.
Disappointing? Definitely. But im not gonna villainize him. He did something insanely stupid but also human. And I'm sure tons of you have been complete saints during this pandemic lol. I understand that people are a bit mad with him, thats fine. I am too. But let's stop treating him like he's the anti christ.
Mister mike you are a fake
"I'm sorry I got caught"
Thank you dr mike for showing your hypocrisy.
So the Kardashians are more cautious than dr mike...
Looking at these comments here makes me really angry. I am not a fan in a sense that I am really following everything, but as a human being I see his reasons, I can tell he is genuine in the way he frames his words. I think he is authentic because he describes his reasoning, his intentions in the same way as he does in every video I ever saw from him. There would be inconsistencies if it wasn't real. If you think he is a hypocrite because his apology doesn't fit to his decision on going there, I think that's he's not apologizing mainly for choosing the act in itself - I can't blame him. You always weigh the pro and the cons and people too often forget that mental health especially in this pandemic is so much more important than is given most of the time. If he thought about his situation and came to the conclusion it is worth the risk - it maybe wrong, you never know. But to get scared and never come out again isn't a better solution. Back to my main point: I think he is apologizing for his misjudgment on his influence, not the act itself. And I very much understand that this is something that he wasn't considering even though it is his responsibility. Even if you do the right choice for your life - is it the right choice for your online life with everyone involved in that? This is a totally different question, and I really respect him for seeing this and not give up. Don't forget it would be easier for him to quit - it would be safer for him. No hate, no place to get attacked, your vulnerability is safe with those you trust. Being on the internet is so totally different than being in real life - it's its own challenge. It is of such high value to recognize: a) he made his decision carefully - making the best choice possible b) the choice for him is not the same as the choice in his online role model c) he did wrong in his online function d) he takes full responsibility for his bad choice e) he tries to do as good as he can and acknowledges his mistake but not let it defeat him. Self care is caring for others, if you let yourself down, you can't help others.   - Though one point remains with me, he could have posted it on the main channel. I would have liked to know what is the background for this choice? But I don't think it makes a big difference - if people want to see it, they find it - I found it too it's not that hard -.-, if people don't want to see it - they don't have to get it right in the face. If you are a fan - you will know about this either way, no need to explain more than necessary - unnecessary pain is stupid. So to conlcude: I respect him for this video as a human, his choice wasn't the best one but understandable, he could have uploaded it on the main channel, but I am glad to see that he cares . I hope he gets better.
It’s really disappointing Dr Mike. You are right your message has been irreparably damaged because of your actions.
Why would you post this on your second channel?
The Risk Is a Spectrum mentality is the reason why cases are so high in the US.
If a medical professional isnt scared of this virus why should the general public be? Im not saying its a hoax but I understand where COVID deniers are coming from.
he should be ashamed
You know he totally got laid that night with one or two of those models. I hope he wore protection of some sort then.
Man this cancel culture is ugly. Guys just focus on doing the proper protocols. Help encourage others to follow the proper protocols. Keep washing your hands,  distancing and wearing and washing your masks. Covid is not a hoax and covid is very serious. You can't base that it isn't real or that it isn't dangerous off of one man's mistake. COVID does not care who it gets. If you are healthy , unhealthy, young or old it can be deadly to anyone. Yes people with underlying health conditions are more at risk but death can take anyone anytime. DR. Mike you should have said no and should have posted this on your main channel but im at least proud of you for addressing it. Most people don't even admit when they're wrong or when they have been hypocritical. I guarantee most people in the world have been hypocritical at one point or another. What to do from here is just continue staying safe everyone and Dr. Mike Definitely needs to avoid doing something stupid again.  Because yeah that was a really stupid move especially as a doctor but he has always been an advocate for staying healthy and safe
I’m just so over all these selfish people. Absolutely this year has been hard on everyone. Especially those of us actually doing what we are supposed to and helping to protect those around us. I normally don’t care what anyone does in their private time, but there are people whose lives are depending on us. My 3 boys have been social distancing since March. Sure they hate it, but they understand the importance of it. There are kids across the country....world that are missing out. If they can handle it why can’t you, your friends, and every other person not taking this seriously?!
honestly i understand you wanting to celebrate your birthday and spend time with friends, but i don’t understand the timing. you’re a doctor, albeit a human that makes mistakes, but still a doctor. you’ve seen thousands of people die from this illness and it’s just difficult to understand you would do something like this. you put a lot of people at risk and i applaud you on realizing that, but as it’s always been said, actions speak louder than words. it also is not okay to script up a feeble apology for possibly killing people and then not even posting it on your main channel. learn from this and be better. and actually practice what you preach. we’re disappointed.
Hey friends❤️ In the end of the day we‘re all humans. I get your anger and frustration. I get angry and frustrated too (at the virus) a lot of times. But even though some ppl make mistakes why pointing out our fingers at them? I don’t feel like calling out other ppl‘s mistakes is helpful. Okay, Dr. Mike isn‘t perfect. But no human being is. We can’t use a time-machine unfortunately and change things for the better good. So let’s live in the ,now’ and act with love and out of compassion and understanding for each other bc in the end of the day I personally don’t see this immense difference between Americans and Mexicans and Europeans...I see one world with one need. I see the same people but simply with other cultures and different stories. Let’s act like one family. A family loves. Real love shouldn’t be blind to mistakes but in a family you try to achieve the goal as one. We help each other. When someone falls, we (if needed) help that person to understand why she/he fell so it won’t happen again, maybe there are consequences too but we help that person to stand up and cheer them on in their walk of doing well in life. That’s real encouragement. Y‘all are my family. I love you and hope and pray that we‘ll get through this together. We‘ll grow. As a family.
Not to be mean here, just honest feedback. "Doing better" would be going over it on your main channel and not preface it with reasons why you thought it was a good idea or that you got tested 3 times afterward. Take it as an opportunity to inform even more through experience and hopefully regret. We all make mistakes, it's the priority on image control that's disappointing to me. But it just means it's a different channel than what I thought it was.
It’s the deleting comments calling him out for me!
An idea at actually making this right might be a video with a physiologist about why people ignore risks and how to help get past that. We all know fear based doesn't work, because that was tried with smoking. We also know from smoking one thing that has helped, making it less socially acceptable, basically, pier pressure. Which is in part why the backlash over this.  Age effects the odds but not the personal outcome. A 35 year old lady died just yesterday after a short vicious 2 week battle with covid, multiple organ failure and limb loss prior to death. She will be missed and had dinner with friends a few days before symptoms started and was planing to visit family for Thanksgiving.  But even ignoring your own risk, you sent the wrong message not just to your audience but to your friends, who you allowed to put themselves in danger by agreeing to go and not trying to talk them out of it.
Can you post this on your main channel man? I enjoy the apology although it seems like like kinda a PR stunt, it’s just when it’s only reaching 1mill views (at the moment) when it could easily be reaching 5 mill.
Why is this uploaded to this channel? Which by the way I'd never heard of until I found this clip and had somebody on another Channel not mentioned this I never would have known. And btw DOCTOR, you will not get a subscribe on this channel from me. I get people make mistakes but for somebody who is constantly pushing the safety measures of the pandemic he certainly is not practicing his own advice. If he thinks his viewers are naive enough to believe that this was the only time he did this then I have a bridge I can sell him. If he wants respect from people he needs to upload this to his MAIN channel. Wussy move. People like him are hypocrites. Post this apology on your main channel and maybe, just MAYBE, he will regain some respect again.
Why dont you post this on your other channel? Afraid of losing subscribers?
Could not be more disappointed in you. Practice what you preach
hypocrite. Weird apology. Disappointing
Next time make sure you don't shake your head no when you say you are sorry. Your body language is not alligned with your words bro. I don't even know who this dude is, just came here to asses the apology loool.
I think he is actually sorry and regrets what he did. Everyone makes mistakes and as long as u learn from them you should not hate.
So why is this fake apology not on your main channel
This should have been on the main channel. I'm not a fan of cancel culture, but I'm disappointed for sure. I don't think that his entire career should be ruined and I will continue to watch and enjoy his videos because besides this one thing, the good work he has done and will undoubtedly continue to do shouldn't be ignored.
Oh guys, give the man a break. There’s a reason he’s not a God and just like the rest of us. We are only humans. If you don’t agree with what he’s doing and decide he’s not worth your watching, unsubscribe. No need to put someone else down publicly.
This is extremely frustrating to see because I really loved your channel but you're such a hypocrite & I no longer respect you.
Just to be clear.  I have unsubbed.  I don't doubt the science.  I doubt you. I don't buy this weak sauce "apology" in the slightest.  I'd like an apology for this apology to be honest.
You literally admitted that you decided it wasn't that bad...why not focus on this point. Is it bad? of course, but you said yourself at your own risk and circumstances. But nope;stay at home, don't do anything, your killing people if you don't listen.... because people never died before covid-19.
What's wrong with you people! Yes he did a mistake but first he's a HUMAN then he's a doctor. For Those people who say they're disappointed first look at the mirror. What do you see? Show me one person on this earth who didn't do any mistake. Also he didn't do anything to put you in risk for getting covid and if your only source for your health and for covid is Dr Mike then the problem is you not him. Stop blaming him. You're human too so you know what's does mean to make a mistake. Just stop
It's okay sir we all make mistake I really didn't know you had a 2nd channel and I didn't even know about this thing.. you know the people who are saying bad things to you.. I wanna ask them something... Be honest with yourself didn't you make a mistake in your life? Because I know I have.. we all do.. and I also can't say that I won't make same mistake again... And just before you post something bad about him please re think what he have taught us... And I know I'm not being nice to him because I love him I'm a really new viewer myself.... I just don't like people being rude to another person.. please he is a good guy and he has helped me get through a really dark place don't judge him for this because in the end he is also a human 💖
people are talking about him doing this like it’s so bad, when most people have broken covid rules before, he has to spread the good message for the people who look to him for answers
I'm not mad, I'm just disappointed.
Thank you for being vulnerable, transparent and honest. Refreshing.
Give him a break. He's human you guys. We can't live like this forever.
Is he really the only person on the planet who has taken a risk to be social in this pandemic? What he did was wrong. The risk he took was real and there are consequences but when I’m out driving, I see people PACKED in restaurants, groups talking together in close proximity without masks, people hugging, kissing others’ children, etc. So to cancel Dr. Mike for this mistake just seems a little...much. Be disappointed in him, that’s understandable but don’t go threatening his life, insulting him, insulting his parents, I mean my goodness. 🤨
Most of us are young and low risk, yet we get rules shoved down our throats by people like YOU! At this point, I dictate my own life. Its no conspiracy that the WHO downplayed covid FIRST. Its no conspiracy that these mandates are an infringement on our rights. Yes, the virus is real, but the rampant hypocrisy going on within people with influence is even more REAL!
Even he knows this virus is bullshit
Idk man...there's blowing off steam and there's this. Where was the person preaching at us all year when you decided to travel for leisure in a pandemic? You had to have known what you were doing was wrong, or you wouldn't be trying so hard to justify it to us now. Do you not think this is hard for all of us? That's the lamest excuse I've ever heard. I'm typically willing to give people second chances but you positioned yourself as an authority and then flagrantly disregarded your own words. It's pretty gross.
Post it on your main channel.
1:02 BRUUUUUH. It literally says EIGHT Adults MAXIMUM. The pictures of you and your friends show WAYYYY More than that. Probably around DOUBLE . You were not “well below that” smdh 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
Love ya!! You rock! We are all human!
truely a hypocrite.  2 faces.  doesnt follow his advice. Probably wont take the vaccine. He cannot be trusted.
Meh, you made a dumb mistake after preaching, you arent the first one to do this, but come on..you post the apology on this channel that literally 99% of your viewers wont see it :))) this is just sad :(
A lot of people should look up the "Tu quoque"  fallacy.
What an utterly GROSS display of humanity at its worse.  You are a discredit to all those who have followed the rules, lost loved ones, and worked tirelessly risking their lives caring for covid patients.  I've seen thousands now saying it's okay to do what you did, that it was an okay risk to take because of being young.  That is your legacy.  How thick do you have to be to 1. Need to re-read the CDC guidelines about covid risks which you've been lecturing us on for nearly a year, and then 2. go and break them all?  The medical review board in your country needs to sit you down.
I'm glad that he apologized, but as others have said, this needs to be on his "Doctor Mike" channel.  The fact that it's on his smaller channel is disappointing to me.  If this were on his larger channel, it would be enough.
So disappointed. I always thought he is genuine. Unsubscribed.
All of these comments are so negative. You guys are seriously saying you guys have all been doing all the right things? He had a small gathering with precautions! So many people have done FAR worse!! He is still so respectable. He acknowledged his mistakes, and didn’t make excuses for them. He has had such positive impact through his platform. This ONE mistake should NOT cancel that out. Love you Doctor Mike!❤️
Just because he has a youtube channel and he’s famous doesn’t mean he isn’t human. We all could do that. It’s not easy! Don’t act like you guys do everything right. No one does. And the fact that he always considers the results of his action and the possibility of harming anyone else is amazing! We try our best and we should be. We are humans though, we have emotions and we can’t just like that follow a bunch of very restrictive rules. Don’t attack him. He doesn’t deserve it!
Keep your head up Dr. Mike!
Masks do harm than good, and dr. mike is just another famous person being hypocritical because if Covid was as bad as they like to drum it up to be, if it was sooo sooo deadly, then THEY WOULD FOLLOW THEIR OWN ADVICE AND TAKE THEIR OWN ADVICE SERIOUSLY EVERY SINGLE TIME
I was really disappointed by this. Guess I'm unsubscribing now :((
Thanks for having the balls to admit when you've made a mistake. I don't envy your situation. At the end of the day, you are a great doctor and that matters more to me than your YouTube channel. Sorry in advance for all the assholes out there who will spew hate at you over something so common to human beings. Let's not come at him guys, he's just a man. ❤✌
You have failed. You were tempted by parties and good times, gave in, and got caught. Everyone makes mistakes, but you deleted comments calling you out on your blatant hypocrisy, and uploaded a half-hearted apology on a side channel with less than a tenth of the subscriber base of your main channel. I wanted to trust you, but it seems I can't.
I mean he meets with people in person with  no masks for his channel. Once I saw that, I knew he wasn't about that life. Sorry homie but I unsubscribed. Really enjoyed your content. Thanks. Hope you do better because some of us are sacrificing a lot.
There is so many hate in all of the comments, I know, he did wrong but who didn't since the pandemic started? We are ALL humans, we have to start to live our lives again, of course taking care of our health, but stop hating on him for a mistake, please.
i dont like how this videos is on his second channel, and not on his main channel...
Ok At first I don’t understand now I think the thing you should do is link this video on your main channel, you probably should do that considering the comments on you last video on your main channel
looooooooooooooooool
This is a fake pandemic anyway so you don't need to apologize anyway.
Curious, why are you not apologizing on your main channel, you know, the one with the 6m subscribers? Weird.  🤔 Give me a second so I can call this guy who they call Bull@#$.
" I had no personal risk"  "Doc", isn't science telling us that it doesnt matter. Covid doesnt discriminate. Didnt YOU learn me that.  If I was your patient, I would never believe you because you couldnt even skip one fucking party
If Mike was just some regular dude having a boat party in the middle of a pandemic it would make him an absolute a**hole, but it probably wouldn’t justify so much backlash. However he’s a doctor, and he’s been sitting on YouTube for months preaching about the importance of social distancing, wearing a mask, etc.. yet he decides to go have a party in Miami with a bunch of Instagram models and his buddies. It’s the epitome of hypocrisy.
let's face it. He is not a saint. he never was. And the things that he does and the things thats he says are not magically invalid or wrong or bad just because he messed up
Man I hate all the fakeness in 2020 it’s unreal..
Go ahead, put this on your main channel
EH, I DON'T REALLY CARE (WHETHER INTENTIONAL, OR RATIONALIZED),  HE STILL DOES FAR MORE GOOD THAN BAD IN THIS WORLD.  LET HIM GO.  ALSO, COCAINE CAN HELP WITH THIS ISSUE.
You have literally slightly more than ONE MOTHER FUCKING PERCENT of ur subs here an apology doesn’t belong here
Mike, i’m seriously disappointed in you. i know you can do better. it’s been a tough year. give yourself some grace, but please be mindful going forward...
Personally... I think your one of the only people to admit that they are wrong and I think that we should give you another chance
The deflection is too real lmao. That boat had 15+ people, there’s multiple images of you not wearing a mask when hugging people and on the boat which contradicts the guidelines you show. It’s clear that because you don’t work on the front lines like other doctors, you don’t realize the individual impact of your actions, which is extremely sad considering you’re a doctor who has made countless videos on how Covid isn’t a joke and should be taken seriously. Well, why didn’t you?
Honestly it's ridiculous that people came at him for this. The CDC is an organization we look to for guidelines and safety measures. There is no reason that Doctor Mike should have ever received any hate for this in the first place. He was on a boat where it is NOT ADVISED to wear masks due to water activity. And he was with friends, people he is familiar with. When you are out with your friends, I can guarantee that you, the person reading this, don't wear masks if other people unknown to you are NOT around. Furthermore, he was going to get tested when he was coming back anyway so he would know if he had COVID-19 and posed a risk and could have stayed home for that. In addition he followed proper guidelines for safety and preventing potential spread of the disease all other times and he is gonna get hate for something that STILL FOLLOWED CDC GUIDELINES?! Wow. He is human too. And while he certainly talks about masks and wearing them being essential, he also said to follow the CDC guidelines and that is what he did. People just find any little opportunity to hate on people like him and it's messed up when they do worse themselves or when they don't realize it's not what they thought.
Lol another one
You understand that you stuffed up, and have apologised, and you're only human, everyone makes mistakes as long as you learn from them is what counts
He talks about his own risk level and personal circumstances but what about the other people at the party? Are his friends living alone? Are they going to self isolate for two weeks? Are they going to wear masks and social distance for the safety of others? They are all risking themselves with the likelihood of catching the virus and spreading it to other people.
What I'm most disappointed about is YOUR A DOCTOR. Your putting your patients at risk. You are still contagious after 2 weeks, you can still be asymptomatic after two weeks I know this because YOU TOLD US THIS.
Yall need to shut up I bet he has help more people most of you combined while yall are sitting at home looking at your phones watching this doing nothing but judging
Wow. What a hypocrite.
Too hypocritical. I guess it's good time to stop watching this guy altogether.
I'm not mad, I'm just very disappointed. Atleast upload this to the main channel and stop using excuses.
Nobody had to conspire against you, your actions took care of that.
Why isn't this on your main channel?
Good for you 😊
Also, why didn’t you post this video on your MAIN channel... the one with millions of followers. Why post it on this channel that has thousands? hmmm
I feel like your being to hard on yourself. We're human. Masks save lives but you did check official rules and regulations. Don't beat yourself up.... From a fellow medical professional 😍
There's so much hate around. I do appreciate his apology, he's a human.  He could do better yes, but that doesn't mean he doesn't care. 💖
But you weren’t following the rules... on your picture you can see more than 10 people on the boat. Also, this video sounds bogus to me. It felt like you’re only sorry cause you got caught. Using the “my friends planned it” excuse is pathetic. Do better
Any reason this isn't on your main channel? Also the guidelines said 8 people max, and there are 13 in the photo...c'mon man
Why didn't't this go on your bigger channel?
Why did you upload this on your second channel and not the main channel?
Let's remember, he didn't murder anyone or break any laws.  He could have done things differently, but doesn't deserve to be excommunicated or treated this harshly. He is not in any position of power, and all his videos are still valid informative.  He didn't hold a rally with 1000s of people or caused hospitalizations in certain states to go up. If he was a friend of mine, I would easily forgive him, but also ask him to question the friends who also put him in this place too.
I wish this apology could have been put on his main channel, not this smaller one.  It really does come off as disingenuous. That WOULD be doing better.
Post this to your main channel if you actually care
Its people like u that Discredit Science and the CDC when your a Doctor not  Following the guidelines just man up and say you don't believe in any of it.
He's human, humans make mistakes. "Listen to what I say not what I do". His advise and information is still valid, whether or not he follows it. Guess he's not used to being a huge influencer where everything he's does is critiqued. Never let someone else's actions effect your decisions. One mistake shouldn't be a death warrant, or time to get the pitch forks and torches out. No different to a smoking doctor telling you to stop smoking for medical reasons, or an obese doctor telling you to lose weight. It's medically valid advise whether they follow it or not. 🙂
Put this on your main channel and maybe I'll respect you again. I'm tired of "celebs" bending the rules.
I want to talk to you about that trip because I got caught
Is this on the main channel also?
Lol self reflection. It’s the heat he is catching that is making him reflect.
I think people should stop looking up to certain people (you tubers, politicians, celebs etc) and putting them all on pedestals, because when they do mess up, (which they will bcuz they ARE human after all) we are so quick to feel betrayed and hateful towards them. Yes, the dude made a hypocrite move, but let’s try to understand the idols we look up to are bound to screw up!
I think you already knew what the impact would be. But you wanted to go party. Because, well, you're human and this pandemic has been hard for everyone. So I don't buy it when you say that you learned something, because I think you already knew the lesson. This would've been an actual apology (in my opinion) if you acknowledged that for a moment/a day you decided to do something "bad" because it was fun. We all decide to do "bad" things every now and then, it's what makes us human.  I don't know, man, it undermines the message you put out if you don't admit that you're a weak human like everyone else and that you caved in because of how tough everything was.  I'm a bit disappointed, but not shocked and definitely not angry. It's OK to slip up sometimes.
okey i get that he shoudnt have done that but now lets be real you also have done something in covid that you shoudnt have. and is so wrong if we cancel a man that has done SO much good over a stupid mistake.
Shuddup, put it on your main channel 😳
Idk if you ever see this Dr.Mike. I think it's fine that you did that. You don't have a wife or kids etc, you live alone. As you said-you will quarantine, make sure you're ok aftet etc. So I don't understand why it's such a "scandal".  It's your life, your choice. Keep doing the good work you're doing, because you're making a difference.
GUYS!!! I get that he made a mistake & yes he is a doctor and he should be careful but right now so all of us are equally responsible as a doctor to maintain covid-19 guidelines and i really don’t think that any of us have not messed up at least once during this pandemic. Particularly talking about my native country India- we have offices opened up from August and people are going and breaking norms of social distancing & masks and i am not saying that is okay that is wrong, all I am saying is please don’t attack him, he is apologising and of course you all are entitled to an opinion but understand his hard work until here and do not give up!! Rest is all up to you, no hate only love 🌸
Disgusting liar Mike, you are destroying lives. YOU knew what you were doing!   Your apology is worthless
😂😂😂😂 Bro you are a human, living life! You are not a model for human kind. You make mistakes, you are young and wanna have fun, I don’t see anything wrong with that, specialty when you have spread a lot of consciousness on this pandemic
Get on with your life.
2:20 "And that I take it very very seriously"   * shakes head 'no' *  Edit: 4:05 "I'm gonna strive to do better"  * also shakes head *
This is annoying
Sounds like you've been banging coke all night LOL.
I'm quite disappointed. You realize that people are likely going to use you as an okay to party, right? Post this on your main channel too, it's looking really bad that you put it on your smaller side channel.
What a disappointment!! You should also put this on your MAIN channel!! I went BBC to check and nothing. And you should follow what you preach. Wow. Disgusting. You let fame get in your head.
Man.
You *might* have been able to save face if you hadn't hidden this on your back-up channel (that I didn't even know existed until today, and I'm definitely not the only one in that boat, considering the huge number variance between your subs on the other channel and this one) and just faced the music. But, you didn't. And, after so many of us just had to stay home and not spend a holiday with our families? Come on, man...This is beyond shameful. This is cowardice. And, the worst part is that this is such a cookie-cutter "Look guys, I get it, but the rules don't *actually* apply to me because I'm rich." We're ALL stressed. You think I, or any other teacher, enjoys teaching through a freaking computer? But, I'm still rejecting offers to hang out with friends just because "we'll be safe. It's gonna be fine." There shouldn't be a universe where average people make better decisions than a freaking DOCTOR - let alone, one who has been preaching to us since the beginning of the Pandemic to make smart choices.
Why did you post this on your side channel with significantly less subscribers than your main channel?  As a fan, I’m pretty disappointed. You’ve been preaching social distancing since the beginning. There was no reason for that party to happen, no matter how many technical “rules” you followed. You didn’t have to go to Miami. You just didn’t. Plenty of us have stayed inside since March. Birthday parties are absolutely not a necessity.   Your apology is terrible, and you should have made one without excuses and explanations on your main channel. There’s no excuse for partying during a pandemic, especially as a medical spokesman. I have to unsub now because I can’t enjoy your content anymore knowing what a hypocrite you are
It's just so disappointing because he's one of the only ppl here that I fully respect and to see he's messed up this bad 😭 you made a mistake but I don't trust you no mo man 😭😭😭 I still love you though, keep making scientifically correct videos ❤️❤️❤️
I haven’t hung out with friends in months because I’m social distancing and I wear a mask EVERYWHERE at all times, I haven’t eaten in a restaurant since March, if I buy food out I get rid of the packaging and zap it in the microwave for a few seconds just in case that can kill anything on it, I wipe down everything I buy before bringing it in the house, and I delay opening my mail. Let’s just say, I’m careful because I value my life and the lives of those in my home. COVID-19 is a wild card we won’t know how it’ll personally affect us until we actually get it.
But on the second page and waiting to make a decision wither or not to put up on the 1st channel to saving face on the 2nd channel doesn't work out.
His friends surprised him with a boat party?! In my opinion, they put him in a really awful position! I could understand how he would feel terrible walking away from that and saying, “oh, sorry, I can’t go.” Like of course, he shouldn’t have but.... why would they think that’s ok in this set of pandemic circumstances? They should have thought that through better.
I don't know what was worse... your friends giving you the gift of a coviparty or you accepting the gifts of coviparty.  We understand we all make mistakes but some of us are following the rules and we are also tried.  You and your friends are not special.  Awful friends BTW.
"My friends surprised me with a boat, what was I SUPPOSED to do??!!"  I haven't seen my friends or family in person for 8 months. I don't have to sit and wonder if I am taking an appropriate risk. I don't need to look up the CDC guidelines on how much of a jackass I can be before I get sick. People are dying and he wanted to make sure there weren't too many people on the boat...? Forget this jackhole.
Ok hypocrite, this wasn't a simple mistake. A simple mistake is forgetting your mask in your car when you go to the store. This was a carefully calculated choice (which you pointed out yourself).  I've had to miss out on everything that makes my senior year my senior year. All of the traditions, the performances. I'm in an A Cappella group and we can't even perform together. I love to sing and make music with these people and I miss it more than anything but right now it's unsafe so I'm not. Also, my experience is nothing compared to those of others. There are people dying. People are dead. Not to mention the long term health issues a lot of people are going to have to deal with.  I trusted you. I've been dealing with a lot of health stuff this year and dealt with a lot of shitty doctor encounters so I looked to you to get glimmer of hope in the medical field, but it's gone. Hope your party was worth it.
Yo I frankly don’t understand your point about group size or living alone when A. Yall packed in maskless for a photo, so the boat capacity actually doesn’t matter B. You live alone but you’re still a DOCTOR no? You allowed your patients to take on the risk YOU CHOSE to take
So you wear a mask but don’t wear a mask when partying?
The real question is whether you're sorry you did it, or sorry that you got caught.  Kinda embarrassing that a medical professional can't follow his own advice, which is rich considering your job involves advising others.  Hope it was a fun boat ride, some people are terrified to even leave their homes because of idiots like you.
Okay, so, this should be on your main channel so that all your subscribers can see it. You're a doctor and a grown adult, and you have full comprehension of the pandemic situation. You shouldn't have gone on that trip and you KNOW this. Thanks for putting a dent in the legitimacy of COVID.
Sorry to ask again where can I get your merch please.
yall dont know how to mind ya beeswax fr
Why is it on this page & not the main one, it seems like you don’t want people to see it.   .
Dr. Mike, it's good you apologized, don't bother yourself with those who can't forgive and forget, just do what's right now. I personally know it's hard when you've been apart from people you care about, to adhere to the protocols and I have no right to judge or hold this against you when I make mistakes.
Thank you
Wow. Saw those photos of your party. I am shocked and appalled. Yeah, gonna hit that unsubscribe. Do better!
Put this "apology" on your main channel! Don't try to hide your hypocrisy
I mean this apology is mehhh.... but putting it on a second channel is sketchy af.  Also the amount of people on that boat was above the allowed capacity...
My parents aren't medical workers, but guess what? Their work requires them to be in contact with a lot of people so what do they do? When they go grocery shopping for our grandparents they wear face masks around them. When they have to go out for work, they wear face masks around us, they sit at our kitchen bar while eating, most of the time, we're not even eating together, they're following simple rules
Not good enough. Tired of apologies after the fact. Tired of “do as I say, not as I do.” Life lesson: don’t stan anyone.
I’m a nurse on a COVID unit. My birthday is next week and won’t see family due to my job right now. Maybe I’ll just find a group of hot strangers to celebrate with, great idea Dr Mike!
I think your are all critizising him too much. He is still a human being and we are all too. Yes he made a mistake and yes it isn't something a doctor or role model for some people should do. But still we all do sometimes  things like hugging a friend or giving a high five to a friend without thinking about it. We should still consider this while watching this video. He's still a person with feelings like everyone else and deserves to be treated like one.
I've gone months without seeing my 83 year old father due, in part, to believing in you and what you've said. I follow the rules and guidelines despite the fact that I deal with claustrophobia that makes wearing a mask very difficult for me. I'm horribly disappointed in you. You became a hypocrite the day you decided it was ok to fly to Florida, not to mention the party, etc. I'm deeply saddened by this and I'm not sure that I will stay subbed to your channel. The worst part is that the odds are you won't even read this. If you are truly sorry you should be reading EVERY comment and taking your medicine like a man!!!
apparently college doesn't help that much with an apology videos.
Dude, you gotta live your life.
Why isn’t this on Your main change?!?! I don’t think your a bad person. I think your human and you fucked up, but load this to your biggest viewed audience
Him saying “I live alone so my risk was ok” just doesn’t sit well with me. You’re a DOCTOR, you come in contact with the people MOST at risk for COVID-19..... that’s so disappointing.
He will be quarantined AFTER he gets on a flight. Masks help, yes, but it doesn't protect 100%. That's why people need to stay distanced and isolated when suspecting covid. NOT getting on flights.
Naaaaaa...your apology is full of explanations Mike. Difficult to believe you now!
Dear Dr. Mike, as a representative of the medical field despite what your words say it's the actions that disagree with one another. Based on this along with the fact you chose to air this on a back door channel nd not the main one you are most known on. As a person who did listen I find I can o longer trust you as a person to be forth right. You  have show you won't boldly own your mistakes as easily as you chose to make them. That is what disheartened me most. I'm utterly disappointed by these behaviors.
Screw you.
If people are really going off on ONE party where you try to relax with your friends to make you look bad it's hypocrite. We are all humans, we are all trying our best. You trying to educate people in your videos + being a doctor full time doesn't make you superman and you have the right to chill sometimes !
I usually keep my $.02 to myself, and rarely dislike videos but I have to break character today. Your actions during the boat party are indefensible, and this apology is weak. I’m not going to cancel you because I hate cancel culture, but I can’t lie.... I’m so disappointed.
"This year has been so hard for everyone" Quotes every single rich social media influencer. Dr.mike you're so full of yourself
Every parent knows "Do as I say, not as I do". Don't put Dr Mike on a pedestal like he has to be Jesus for the rest of his life. You're awesome Dr Mike.
FAKE AND A MAJOR LIAR!!! PROVES THE MENTALITY OF PHYSICIANS LIKE HIM!!! GIVE ME YOUR MONEY DO AS I SAY. . . I'LL DO AS I PLEASE.. .
This seems a little disingenuous.
typical.  do what we say not what we do.
Dr. Mike, we all make mistakes. I like your message of health and you've helped me change my mind about vaccines. Cancel culture is rough, don't let it get to you. As you said, you've learned a lot and hope to do better.  I think people would of reacted better if they saw it was genuine,  come on... you know you did not check out the CDC guidelines before jumping into your birthday boat with a bunch of hot chicks.... anyways,  I still love ya and will keep watching.  Any tips on how to quickly cure from covid? I'm currently struggling.
I don’t care. All the men down here in the comment sections, does any of have a shred of confidence that you can say no 12 hot bikini girls surrounding you? Of course, I am disappointed, but it would be really disappointing if Doc Mike failed to knock up at least half of them.
I am sorry but the conspiracy theorists are not misinterpreting your actions, so don't fault them. Also, this apology doesn't seem very whole-hearted at all when you have posted this on your smaller channel, which has 1/20th the number of views your main channel receives
😂😂🤣😂😂🤣 what a deeeeek
It's okay. we all make mistakes.
Was this party honestly necessary? I know that we are human, we make mistakes, we can’t be at home 24/7 because we got jobs to do and errands to run, life doesn’t stop completely just because there’s a pandemic. But seeing those pictures makes me wonder about what you preach versus practice. I haven’t seen my parents in person for months. I haven’t seen some of my friends for almost a year. I won’t be seeing my family this Christmas. And I am not a healthcare worker, just a regular everyday person. Many people like me make so many sacrifices to keep each other and ourselves safe. What you did was selfish. There will be a next year and a next birthday that you can celebrate with friends. And putting this apology on this second channel with a much smaller audience seems like a cop out. If you want to own it, own it big time.
It’s ok. The fact that you were able to realize that what you did was wrong, and even made a video explaining that what you did was wrong, that takes a very tough person to do. Everyone in this world makes mistakes and no one is perfect .
Everyone should determine their own risk level and make their OWN decisions, not have the government make them for you. You enjoying your birthday isn't the problem, virtue signaling is. I'm not afraid of something with a 99.9% mortality rate, and apparently neither are you, so just be honest.
Unsubscribe. What an embarrassment to the profession.
Why is this not on your main channel?
There are people out there killing themselves due to loneliness. Because they are following the rules . There are people going hungry and cold because they are doing the right thing .  They are suffering because they want to do the right thing ?they are being selfless .  You were just selfish ...  Your apology if you can call it that is on par with Dom Cummings ....
I mean I was a pretty long time fan but this is just pathetic and a bunch of excuses. Furthermore it makes doctor Mike here seem very unbelievable and "fake" in the future
Dude just own up to It, this is a video with excuses
Booo. Bad choices, worse "apology"
Bro.... That's so disappointing. Who cares if you live alone. You are a family medicine doctor. 😔
A bit confused as to why you are not posting this on your main channel to your millions of subscribers? I live in NY too and have been watching the numbers go up everyday, really bad timing!!  It's been No birthdays, No Anniversary, No Summer Camp, No Annual summer vacation, Virtual school,  No Halloween, No Thanksgiving and now No Christmas here! As recommended, we are self isolating from the rest of our family as not to put them in any possible danger as per the Doctors advice!  Thanks for trying to justify your bad choices.
Post this on your main channel if it's genuine.
You knew very well what the wrong thing to do was but you went and did it anyway Mike.
This doesn't feel like a mistake Dr. This feels like a blatant and selfish disregard against the oath you took to do no harm. I am a long time viewer and I've lost faith. Unsubscribe
This is just the one time that he got caught.
As a Dr. You are the example. I have a sister who has Cystic Fibrosis and I would love more than anything to be able to see her and I'm sure she would love to leave house soon too. I'm very disappointed.
Tbh dr mike was my favorite youtuber i trusted this man so much
Everyone in the comments coming for Dr Mike: How dare you be a human and make a mistake!   Rude. He made a call based on his personal situation. Why are you dragging him for that?
Why the fake glasses? Nervous?
I support you brother, no body is perfect.
....we ALL at some point in time have done something hypocritical. Dr. Mike is human not a robot yall act like he physically, emotionally or mentally abused someone, had a scandal, or said something super controversial. I HATE cancel culture with a passion. Yes I get we come to him and look to him for advice and for setting an example but you don’t see all of youtube canceling you for being a hypocrite for something like cheating on your diet or getting back with your toxic ex....find a seat
We continue to see doctors and politicians tell us to cancel our holidays and stay away from our loved ones but then they don’t do the same themselves it’s not a conspiracy it’s very clear
I’m unsubscribing I’m just so disappointed
I feel like I'm in a fever dream.
My 30yo friend is perfectly normal healthy guy and he still got hospitalized because of COVID-19. Don’t count on that..
Doc, I've never cared when influencers make mistakes and do apology vids like these cause I know most are narcissistic and extremely uneducated. When this pandemic started, my mother freaked. I made sure to stay educated on the topic and stayed inside and wore masks. While I don't judge how educated you are or your advice, I am very concerned about your judgement. I know some will say my opinion doesn't matter and to leave if I don't agree with something, I'm very concerned because this is a doctor that saw death in the pandemic and somehow thought it was okay to go party. He isn't just some dumb influencer, he's educated and put people at risk
I PREDICT THIS WOULDNT BE THE LAST SCANDAL OF HIS.
When you're a public figure who is within the health field knowing exactly what you're supposed to not being doing there is no apology. Actions speak louder than words. Donate money to people struggling , the small businesses who will be struggle even longer because people will  see you not taking this seriously so then ignore social distancing or other safety precations prolonging this pandemic. If my friends tried pulling a birthday party I'd tell them hell nooo ! People not taking this seriously is causing people to not be able to get the healthcare they need to treat or prevent certain illnesses it's sad. One of the nurses at the hospital I go to for catheter changes has lost 10 coworkers due to covid19. It takes one person to spread and one person to influence thousands of people. You are educated about this there are zero excuses. If I can deal with having to cancel lymph node massages to prevent infections to lessen risk of getting covid spreading it to my older parents you can pass on one birthday. Also post this on your main channel don't be a putz
Everybody complaining about this are ridiculous...he followed guidelines and he is only human get over it and stop trying to cancel people all the time. Just move on it didn’t directly effect you in any way
Why is this not on the main channel and on the smaller side channel? Shady.
"Living alone != not putting anyone else at risk", how about your patients, or if you had it from somewhere and just passed it to one of your friends, that just so happens to be visiting their grandma later in the week. Also traveling in the first place is an unnecessary risk, same as going to the gym, can easily exercise at home.   That said I'm grateful for the informative videos, and the generally good advice you've been spreading. Just don't make excuses when bad decisions are made, as others will use them as well to spread the virus.
Mark dice sent me here
Aww boohoo shut up
...sees me doing this, I'm sorry. Hes sorry he got caught, not because he did wrong 😅 i was a huge fan. unfollowing
How much did you pay for the scripted apology?
Fake
“The people I’m saying sorry to right now are very specific people - my loyal viewers...”  *posts on a different channel that no one knows about*
Why isn't this in your main channel where your millions of subscribers are????? so disappointed in you, Dr. Mike. Not just with this but also with your many many recent in person collabs. What are you doing? So sad.
Hypocrisy at the finest level. You Dont make excuses for something you obviously did knowing fully well you are  wrong. Just say I'm was stupid and reckless, I'm sorry. Geeze..
Hypocrite.
Bro, everyone makes mistakes, move on.....
I work in healthcare too and I have to say this is massively disappointing. I get that he didn’t ask for this party and it was a surprise from his friends but we’re all making sacrifices everyday to protect our loved ones. People are literally watching their relatives die on FaceTime because they can’t go to the hospital to hold their hand. He could have said no, as awkward as that would have been because you know what else is awkward? Being a public figure, a doctor no less, that gets caught having a party during a pandemic. And whether he likes it or not, he will be held to higher standard because he’s a public figure and a doctor. It was a mistake and I’m willing to forgive that but mistakes have consequences. I hope he plans to quarantine for the recommended amount of time and uses that time to really think about whether he wants to continue being in the public eye.
☹️
Most politicians and entertainers will tell you to to follow the guidelines yet continue to collect their money and live as if the Coronavirus never existed.   Careful who or what you trust folks.
Ughhhh Dr. Mike whyyyyy
🙄🙄🙄
Why is this not on your main channel? Asking for a friend...
This is honestly so relatable. I hate when I accidentally pack my bag and board a plane and then my friends invite me to a party, and I try to type “no thanks I’ve been preaching about social distancing so I’m going to follow that myself” but then instead I somehow end up writing “yes I’ll be there!” and then I get there intending to social distance and wear my mask but then accidentally fall into a group photo and massage a girl’s neck... I just hate when this happens ya know :(
Sorry doesn't cut it: resign. There is no "science behind the masks", only lies. Same for "(a)social distancing", the PCR hoax, etc. You're part of something very evil and dark and you will be exposed.
He says he lives alone and won't put anyone else at risk when he's a literal doctor and was staying at his dad's place lmao
I didn't want to say anything but some Bunch of idiots commenting rubbish and insult made it hard too, saying nonsense as if you all haven't made any mistake in your own entire miserable Lives! He accepted the fact that he messed up and apologized publicly, what else do you want him to do? We are all human and we make mistake and that is the important part of it cause will learn from it and nobody should come for me cause I will rain fire you        Period!!!
Hypocrite. Buh bye.
Thank you for addressing this
What a hypocrite! As an aspiring doctor, and the son of one, this man's values are simply unacceptable for a medical professional. First, he agrees to a debate with Dr. Judy Mikovits and drops out a few days before it is to commence. Now, he spends the last 8 months preaching social distancing and wearing a mask before doing neither of those. And we wonder why people aren't taking this virus seriously anymore... Practice what you preach.
He acknowledged his mistake and came forward. Why all the hate comments still? He knows he fucked up but he can’t undo what he did. So what more do you guys want him to do? Yeah it’s not on his main channel but I don’t see what the big deal is. He’s aware now and acted. What more?
This is a TERRIBLE apology - if you can call it that.
It sucked having to find out about this video through a different channel's community post. Putting this apology video on your 2nd channel just shows you don't care and that you think it's not a big deal. In reality, it is. You're going on your MAIN channel telling your 6.5 million subscriber audience to wear a mask, stay home, etc., but then turn around and go against it. Along with that, in your apology video you're just defending yourself. It's honestly pathetic. I used to have a lot of respect and love for you Dr. Mike. I thought you were better than this.
Wow it’s sad that you feel bad for enjoying your birthday. People are really dramatic. Long time watcher. Happy late birthday
Now, how do we rate this “Apology Video”? 🤔
It’s okay. We all make mistakes. You assessed risk level and still had regrets. We all feel this.
All this hate comments are not helping at all. The reason for this video is for him to apologise. Beating him down more won't help. Just do your part and stay healthy.
ur literally a doctor bro
i am so disappointed
Oh cool, the dislike to like ratio is getting better. Hope no one takes you seriously anymore buddy.
Everyone in the comments attacking Dr. Mike... Yeah, he messed up, he said so himself. But let's all apreciate the fact that he didn't ignore the issue, he accepted the fact that he did something wrong and apologised. I know people will say that actions speak louder than words and that what he said are just empty words meant to righten his public image, but... This geniunely didn't feel as if though it's just that. I don't know, that's my opinion, I wanted to share it, do what you will with it. 🤷🏽‍♀️
I had to zoom with my family members during thanksgiving. I haven't seen my grandma in a year. people are making HUGE sacrifices and you do this?? from a doctor I would have expected better. so disappointing, this apology means absolutely nothing.
Honestly I'm not even mad. You were excited and when people are excited and want to do something they talk themselves up to justify doing the very thing they probably shouldn't be doing. We've all done it. And it doesn't seem sneaky to me that you are apologizing after being caught since it sometimes takes someone (everyone) calling you out on your recklessness to snap you back to reality. You'll definitely lose followers but you need to post this on your main channel for transparency. You've done so much for your community so don't let this derail you, accept your licks and move forward.
Millions of humans on this planet: Dying, losing their jobs, losing their homes, getting lesser education, being actually physically alone for months, never celebrating anything because they’re trying really hard rn.  This guy: Is lucky to have none of the problems above. Takes that for granted and makes an apology because of the backlash of yeeting on a boat going against everything he’s preached for months.
bro....you really diasspointed us :( you were the only social media doc I could tolerate
Dr mike just apologized take responsibility for your actions and let it go , some times when people go into explaining it will come of as do what I say not what I do , your choice has open wider the door for the doubting Thomases  which in turn puts more strain on and already very strained health system , being adult and one who has a job and platform were people's life is a matter of life and death you are going to be held at a higher standard than others , it will be awesome if people would learn to stop idolizing people and learn to able to take responsibility for our choices but sad to say a lot of people prefers to follow others without thinking for themselves and get mad when it don't come out they wanted , I am not throwing as hate to you Dr mike but to not blame anyone or anything else for your choices you're young intelligent and I am sure feeling bruised but it will pass , grow from it , I love watching most of your videos I did not watch all😁 and like your content , to fall and fail is human , I will still watch your videos so chin up
Personality truly makes someone ugly that‘s for sure! And honestly I can‘t even see this guy as a real authentic doctor! I feel like he studied medicine just for the title to brag and the money but nothing more behind it. Disappointing! I‘d rather go to doctors who are old and have lots of wisdom and knowledge.
As someone who is probably one of the most informed and knowledgeable people on the pandemic, it's really disappointing to see that you are one of the people who disregarded the severity of the virus & disrespected the efforts of the medical staff who are risking their lives on a daily basis to save lives. It's also really insensitive to those who have passed away or have lost loved ones due to the virus.  Also, I think it's time to admit that this should also be on your main channel...
People who speak ill of others are diving people themselves... like the Democrats that call others racist etc with Little to no evidence of it yet it’s the dems that are dividing people and putting so much hate in them. This is what people who are reviewing your apology and bagging it on it doing...causing division and people get mad at you to leave your channel and get your ratings down. Let it slide. Let people speak what they want. Brush it off Doc.
This channel has 68k subscribers as opposed to the 6+ million on his main channel. Very strategic.
Everyone alive had a birthday this year. I spent mine at home doing yard work because we’re in a pandemic.
I think we can all agree the CDC guidelines don't even make sense. I bet they did lots of research posting those guidelines 😂 I'm going to a bar to support local businesses though...PEACE!
Wow people are so... idk... judgemental. I agree to your apology to other doctor and nurses that work their butt off during this pandemic...yes I’m a little upset that you say one thing and did another BUT you have been working your butt of too. You wanted to visit your dad and have every right to. Like you said, everyone’s situation is different. You followed rules and didn’t put anyone at risk. There are other people traveling and going on vacation. That’s why I agree with trump that this world should continue but follow guidelines. The Democrats are all about stay at home and instilling fear in people that now cause so many to bag on you doctor Mike. I hope you enjoy your time. Don’t do it again. This year has been stressful and you deserved to go out. If it was completely against the rules, you wouldn’t have been able to go on a boat or travel in the first place. Make the best out of the time you had and now get back to work. Forget the people that feel offended. We all know what’s best for ourselves. I support you doctor Mike!
Starting an apology giving excuses just cancels everything is said afterwards ...     No guidelines, NONE, would give the ok for a group of people to be all on top of each other, maskless, talking, yelling, drinking, hugging, touching, for hours even if outside.  IT'S COMMON SENSE AND COMPLETELY INEXCUSABLE!  It's not really an honest, little mistake,we're talking about a Family Doctor, that poses as a scientific voice and fact checker on You Tube that has even interviewed Dr. Faucci.  If he made COVID his channel's flag for the last 10 months, this incident cannot be taken lightly, he just has way too many subscribers and people that believe everything he says to let it pass as a simple mistake. It is simply unbelieveable. That's how people lose their careers, credibility is THE ONE thing an influencer (and a DOCTOR FFS!!!) cannot play with. 🤷🏽‍♀️🤯🤯🤯🤯  Just imagine everyone doing the same he did and then using the same excuse. This thing is never going to go away because of people like that. 😡😤  What about your patients and office staff? And all the people you had contact with at the airport, plane, etc.???  I highly doubt you didn't work for 2 weeks straight! SELFISH!  A LOT OF PEOPLE have not been able to see their loved ones (parents, siblings) in almost a year because they have been advised not to by medical professionals and then one of the most influencial people (maybe world wide) does this stupidity ... 😞🤬       NO RESPECT!!! 😡
We appreciate your apology but as a physician this is unforgivable. If you have a lapse in judgment this severe with something this serious, what other lapses in judgment are occurring with your patients.
Lmao f hypocrite
Yep folks, this is how a narcissist gives an apology. Me, me, me!!
There are way too many hate comments, you shouldn’t shame a human being for making a mistake, he feels guilty, he’ll grow and learn from it. Shame just puts people down, it doesn’t allow them to grow - you’re saying that HE is the problem. Don’t shame people, don’t idolise doctors and expect them not to make mistakes, they are HUMAN they are ALLOWED to make mistakes. Don’t shame please.
it's hard to say "I can't tell you how lame this virus is, cause they would shun me from polite society, and my youtube channel would be banned"?
68 thousand subscribers vs. 6.49 million on his main channel...see what he did there? He is sparing himself from directly informing 6.49 million people that he screwed up (his main channel being his main source of attention).  What an apology.
Ok. Don't do it anymore :) Stay strong 💪 I'll wait for a new video!!
LOLLLLL
Excuses, excuses, excuses. Blah, blah, blah.  Yeah, you looked real concerned in those pictures.  Save it for someone who cares.  I hope you lose all your (smart) subscribers.
I’m sorry you even had to make this video.
Just admit that you are part of the arrogant, Liberal, communist party that says, do what I say, not what I do. Dangerous Jerks!
Put this apology on your main channel of 6M followers if you're really sorry.
Oh lord. ...What a mess. Why don’t you just post this video on your main channel as well? It will bring more attention to what your trying to say. Your actions are constantly being seen by millions of people. You are human and I get that .But, you need to try to avoid anything like this. It’s hard to believe your credibility in your past videos if you decide to ignore your own advice. In other words, follow your own words in your videos.Your advice creates mass impact on people everyday.Just please recognize this as an event that should not be repeated.  Anyways , I hope you can come back from this experience. Also wear your mask sir.
I love on how he isn’t afraid to admit that he did something that was wrong and is telling us what he did wrong so we don’t do it as well
People see you, a famous medical “professional” partying out with friends and they’re going to think it’s alright to do the same because they saw you as somebody they trust. It doesn’t matter if you live alone because you are an influencer and what you do *influences* others. In my experience, the second some people get an excuse to they’re going to take off the masks because everyone is sick of them. Their excuse will be “this man is a doctor and he doesn’t social distance so why should i?” I doubt you’ll see this comment but you’ve disappointed me, someone who’s been a subscriber for years.   You were supposed to be a healer, somebody people can look up to. I feel that you have proved that you are neither.
HYPOCRITE!!! What a SMARTASS way to avoid his main channel! This guy is JUST another self-centered YouTube personaIity! I’ve always taken it seriously, especially after my neighbor across the street was carted out in a body bag! She was in her mid to late 20’s! And NO, this dude is NOT WORTH MY SUBSCRIPTION!!!
It doesn’t really matter that “the amount of people on that boat followed CDC guidelines about capacity,” if they did at all which seems doubtful as there was a good amount of people on that boat. Following one rule doesn’t exempt you from other, more important ones, like the whole reason for the minimized capacity was to allow more room to social distance. But when you are all maskless and *literally* cheek-to-cheek with one another, it kind of defeats the purpose.  Also you just validated a whole population of anti-maskers who have been making that argument for months “but I’m healthy so who cares” and I’m actually really upset about that.
Wow we really out here apologizing for seeing friends and family? All these negative comments are the real virus. I get people dont like hypocrisy, but when are you going to just let people be, and live their lives again? He has almost no risk, let people decide what to do for themselves.
Put this on ur main channel before everyone cancels you..
What a hypocrite
“I’m sorry you caught me”
That being said, the people in this comment section are way beyond hypocrites themselves. And they're all over reacting in a massive way. So... don't beat yourself up too bad.
Covid only exists as disinformation. World bank group strategy for fragility, conflict and violence 2020-2025... the great reset
You know, when playing hooky from school or work there are rules to follow. The number 1 rule is "no pictures". You're supposed to be smart. You should have known that rule.
Done with you
Nobody's buying this, clown shoes. Just admit that you're a shill and go eat another xanax.
A lot of these Democrats are Hypocrites. and so is this fake doctor.  I knew this will happened, it is impossible to stay home forever. specially for western people, you are not an animal or pets where your owner lock you up whenever they wished.  it is a lot easier and smarter to just to improve immune system and social distancing.   lockdown rules are for communist and military. not for democratic.
Post this on your main Chane to make a better message
You are a phony....apology not accepted....Why didnt you put it on your real channel....We know......
Nobody should apologize for being g with people and living life. There is no pandemic. It's a casedemic with a PCR test not meant to diagnose illness. Also, decades of peer reviewed science confirm viral transmission is NOT stopped by universal masking. See also the latest study specific to COVID. Masks do not stop transmission. So I ain't mad at ya for partying because everyone should be. Nothing should be different about our life and you're a hypocrite because you know it isn't serious for 99.99% of people and yet here you are with your virtue signaling bs.
I love staying home all day, I am personally thriving not struggling!
You gave the conspiracy theorists the weapon to continue and now you want them to stop firing? Really? You are smarter than that! I guess you would rather apologize than ask for permission type of person. Unfortunately an apology is not sufficient when people are dying.
This wannabe model could be the poster child for the elite  He, like all the others believe that we are children and we should as we are told, meanwhile they can do what they and only need but apologize when busted This hypocrite has shown his true nature Wake up!
You're human. I think we all have made wrong decisions in this pandemic. You still have done more good than bad and I believe that people should be thankful for someone like you. Your advice has truly helped me along the way and I would hope that you keep on putting out good content. You're still a roll model to people just keep on doing good work.
These comments...I-
You were literally the only person that I was trusting at this point because I'm a Republican now I know that I can't trust any of these because the load of f****** b******* you're only on here making this video because you got caught stop pretending like you actually give a f*** I guarantee you you're only making this video because it put a tiny little dent in your pocket that I hope to God that nobody ever trust anything you ever say again
Well good thing you posted this on your 2nd channel so you don’t expose to your main audience what a hypocrite you are.
He made a mistake, can everyone please relax, past time I checked u weren’t perfect
This is not an apology 😂 this is when I forget to wash the dishes, hide the soap and tell my mum I couldn’t wash the dishes because we didn’t have no soap
When i work i wear a mask, when i walk to work i wear a mask (not next to anyone), but when i am crowded with people in a boat i don't wear a mask. I will do as mike does and not wear a mask next to groups of people. Thanks mike!
The cancel culture sucks, sorry for making you guys uncumfortable, can he not say sorry?
Here's my take on this: we are all (including Dr. Mike) human, we make mistakes.  What's important is that he realizes he messed up, he's owning up to that and he's learning from his mistake.  That's the best thing he could do.  I'll still watch and learn from Dr Mike.  Pee-whoop!
Doubt he checked all that before attending the boat party
Excuses. Tough year, struggling is not partying without masks with random people. Hmmm i went with friends and family and nothing came to mind like “ take mask off” lol
The fact over doctors like dr mama jones are defending him is astonishing. But tbh if you’ve ever worked at a hospital you know a lot of PCP are some of the most lying, backwards people you’ll ever meet
Jesus this looks so fake, completely rehearsed. This is not an apology, this is acting.
The amount of hate and unforgiving comments are astonishing, y’all act like you’re all perfect humans. He wanted to have some fun and his mental health is probably suffering more now. Covid is honestly such a joke. Y’all are the real virus.
Wow, not surprising. We all get temped like that but honestly........he's a Doctor......
My aunt just lost her baby when she was 4 weeks from giving birth. I can't even see her and console her because she lives far away and so close to my grandparents who are in their 70s. There's no fucking excuse for this, DOCTOR.
You are human.  I will continue to follow you.  This should not take away from all of the things you have done and continue to do with your platform.  Hang in there.  To everyone taking time out of their day to pass judgement- that’s not your job.  We are all doing the best we can.
I visit my neighbour who is my friend should I be making an apology video? Lol 😁
If you were in my country you would currently be spending 10 days in quarantine. Instead you're probably working with patients that should feel safe when going to their doctor, not worrying if that doctor went partying in another state. Post this on your main channel please, so more people actually get to see it.
You're talking about assessing your risk, but didn't you go visit your father? What about his risk? Doesn't matter if you live alone, you travelled to get to him (which you shouldn't have) and then you happily went on this boat trip. And you know - making excuses isn't apologising.
Party! PARTY!!!PARTY!!! Sharing this in your main channel!! Show these people how to party
Gavin Newsom 2.0, "I need to do better", whatever! The arrogance, justification and hypocrisy of these people is absolutely absurd.
Being in the medical field  is tough. Being in the public eye  on top of that is just crazy. But with that comes responsibility.   Anyways since You’re in New York, do you have any opportunities to shadow you or colleagues ?
You know I just feel bad for him. I know that you all are hating on him celebrating his birthday or whatever. But did any of you actually put into consideration that they might of all taken a test and a temperature check in case. Due to my  little medical knowledge and last living brain cells they could still get the Coronavirus AND they could still get the virus WITH the mask ON. I have a great immune system, I have been following all the guidelines, I wear my mask when I am outside or near someone outside, and I stand six feet apart. Yet, I still got the virus THIS month. Mask do help and I know that anyone who has common sense would also know that they might not at points in life ( that sounds deep). Anyways... what I’m trying to say is that Dr.Mike did a mistake, BIG MISTAKE. But you guys are doing a bigger mistake by commenting negatively on someone who has done that so STOP( seriously stop all of the hypocrisy and hate that is being shown is now showing how fucked up society is)!  He a doctor, that was celebrating HIS birthday. Is celebrating your  day of birth illegal now? If you don’t like it than just do watch or pay attention to it, according to the calculations made by me just a few seconds ago it’s going to make your life much better. Mistakes are made by idiots, intelligent people, and geniuses and in the end we all learn a lesson... or if your like me buy tubes of ice cream and watch the ‘Titanic’ while contemplating life and asking yourself why  Rose didn’t save Jack when there was a space for him. But  a wise potato once said, “Quit hating on potatoes because they make French fries” the lesson learned is to stop hating on the doctor because in the end he might save your life or a loved ones. (If that makes sense)
Yall need to get over it. Its not that deep its the flu2.0 stop shutting your life down over it.
the downplaying of the entire issue, uploading this on his side channel and how he lied about stuff (eg: not passing the capacity of the boat lmao) just makes the entire thing disgusting. Sure, we all make mistakes, but we need to fully own up to it.
I’m really disappointed. I’m a premed student and Dr. Mike has been a role model to me for years
💜❤️
Hi Dr. Mike,   Nursing student here! Love your channel :) I understand where you are coming from regarding your feelings of a hypocritical moment and I’m sure many will appreciate your apology. I must say though, you cannot be so hard on yourself for being human. I got COVID back in august and I was taking the same recommended precautions as everyone else. Granted I am not as educated as you or any other health care practitioner or even nurses! But I was really trying to do my part and live my live at the same time (i.e. going to the grocery store and wiping down my cart, hand hygiene, mask, etc.) But there must have been that one time where I mindlessly didn’t abide by the guidelines and caught it.. Thankfully my husband and I are fine and are not experiencing any “long hauler” symptoms.. so thank you for just continuing to reinforce the severity of this pandemic since it’s really not about each individual.. it’s about us working together to take care of those who are “high” risk whether the next person knows it or not. Again, thank you for your content, and continue to forgive yourself for being human! Thanks Doc
You think you could afford better looking hookers. My god those ladies were ratchet.
I love U Mike, we are all humans and we are all tired of this.
Ok but why is the video not on the main channel, you know the one with 6M subscribers? You just don't want people who didn't hear about it to know? This apology might have looked more sincere, if you wouldn't have posted it on your smaller channel.
I didn’t even see my family for thanksgiving, and I won’t for Christmas either. What the heck “doctor”
It’s surprising, how people try to bring him down but just remember his is still human and providing people with useful and valid information. We are all still human and he does not deserve the harsh criticism based off of one mistake. Even with the information the masses are given people do not follow them. He followed guidelines to ensure the safety of those himself and his friends. Making a mistake is human and if we try and bring down one another for a “mistake”, that was done with proper precautions, then us as a society have really got a longer way to go to ensure that this isn’t the norm.
Big yikes. I’ll give you a point for owning up to it, but you’ve lost my respect and a subscriber.
I have alot of respect for your profession and what u do. But nevertheless I am disappointed with your behaviour. I am also disappointed with the fact that you didn't upload this video on your main channel. I really hope to see improvement in future.
Don't worry, man. Everyone has a different level of risk they're willing to take. Your problem is you're a public figure, which means everyone will judge you.
This is sad
Typical Democrat.
Not accepted hypocrite.
I note that he hasn't posted this "apology" on his main channel. This tells me this video isn't an apology, it's damage control ("Look! I apologized!"). This will be the easiest unsubscribe ever.
Weak. You should have done better given your strong opinion over the last ten months. Clearly undid a lot of your work by being selfish.
I can't even begin to express how disappointed I am by this. I haven't seen my friends or family in months since I work in an ICU that takes care of covid patients and I don't want my loved ones to die. I felt like he was an advocate with a large public platform that supported nurses and patients that are suffering from this pandemic. But instead, he's out partying with no regard as to how this could effect others... smh
You got caught... I am all for living our lives normally... I am!!! But when you put fear on everyone to stay home and do nothing and yet you go and do it it’s called being a HYPOCRITE
put this on your main channel. im dissapointed but im not going to just hate you.
Masks don't work
Me when Doctor Mike doesn't even bother posting this to his main channel where most of his subscribers are: 🙄🙄🙄
Try apologizing again doc. This wasn't it.   Maybe less script next time.  Also, try harder not to get caught. 😆
Of course conspiracy theorists are taking what you did and running with it! What did you expect to happen? For someone who many people looked up to, including myself, you have greatly disappointed and contradicted everything you have been preaching. Some of us don't even get to see our families during all of this. You should know better. I'm out. I enjoyed your channel while I was subscribed.
Put this on your main channel, the one with 6 million subscribers. Not your 2nd channel with only 67,000. Another virtue signal, hoping the us peons just move on and you can continue being a hypocrite.  Pathetic.
Masks don't work, if they did covid cases wouldn't be going up around the world.
Masks don't work, it's obvious. If they worked there wouldn't be an increase in cases around the world.
Gayyyyyy
yeah right
😂 what an entertaining video. You hack! You got caught 🤣
If risk is a "spectrum" and you can't even follow CDC guidelines yourself (as evident in the photos) then you should be calling for the removal of "mandatory" lockdowns. Also you posting this "apology" on a channel with a fraction of your actual viewership implies you are trying to downplay this mistake. Dr. Mike....I watched you for many years and held your opinions in high regard, you have damaged the trust between you and your fanbase. It is a mistake to not post this video on your main channel as it has optics you are trying to keep it hidden. Good luck I'm out.
He knew his apology video would bring attraction to his seconded channel...too much marketing work on your end lately.
Mistake is when you didn’t know any better. U cannot not know enough when PANDEMIC is everything that is talked about and YOU ARE A DOCTOR. Honestly fuk you mike. Guidelines are just the marginal excuses people get to make. I’m so disappointed
As someone who’s immunocompromised and chronically ill it would be an immense slap in the face if any of my doctors only considered their individual risk and not mine and risked my life, the life I depend on them to have, without a second thought. Does that not go against “do no harm” ?  Would you appreciate if it was your own doctor or your fathers doctor to be this reckless? I’m sorry but I don’t feel this is even sincere. You’re sorry you got caught and called out, not sorry you did it or you would’ve thought longer about risk to begin with. Can’t help but think this video wouldn’t even exist without others calling you out. Are we all humans that make mistakes? Yes. But we are not all humans with this amount of influence and medical knowledge and yet still know better and take this more seriously than you, a highly trained medical profession. Like the saying “Ask permission before you ask for forgiveness” people’s lives deserve more than an apology, they deserve to be valued and thought about from the beginning. This is genuinely so disappointing and disheartening. The fact you couldn’t even bother to put this on your main channel says a lot.
...I don’t know what to say...  The comments pretty much say it all.
It’s because he knows this is all BS 🤔
Yaaaaaasssssssss boat parrtttyyyy. Why wasnt I invited.
Lmfao this kid is an absolute bum
Blackpilled again
you're a piece of gabage muff gabage..
I didn’t spend time with my parents this thanksgiving because they are older and I didn’t want to expose them to any unnecessary risk. Meanwhile this guy, a DOCTOR goes out and sees his dad, then proceeds to go partying? Wtf? Like, we are all isolated. We are all lonely. We all want social interaction, even from just family and friends. But hell, we are meant to sacrifice that interaction to save people’s lives. But ya know. How could poor dr. Mike refuse a bunch of women on a boat to bang? Women he probably won’t even remember the names of. If they got COVID he’d never know he’d never see them again. Jesus Christ give me a break. I’m so disgusted
Mike, the fact this is on your secondary channel and not your main one makes this look like damage control and not an actual apology......
First of all why isn't this on his main channel... Honestly so disappointed. Rules don't apply to rich people I guess
Any apology less than "I am sorry for being a phony" doesnt cut it. Describe what youre mistake was - being a phony.
It wouldn't be upsetting that you had a party if you weren't simultaneously virtue signaling about Covid-19 for the entire year and making money/gaining followers by pushing a narrative that you don't even believe or follow. We don't have to live in fear and isolation, but people like you who've been making money off of scaring people have created this environment.  We are pretty fed up with the hypocrisy- governors are threatening to shut off water and power to those who don't comply while also going to mask-less dinner parties at the most expensive restaurants in the world. Politicians are trying to convince us it's too dangerous to leave the house and implementing lock-downs on businesses while also going to get their hair done, something the rest of us were not allowed to do at the time. It's about time we say NO and go on about our lives, like the wealthy people get to do.
Dr. Mike, you should issue a real apology, not a plagiarized from Gavin Newsom apology on your second channel that doesn't have anywhere near the number of subscribers as your primary one. And not just for the hypocrisy, but for partaking in the elite's and political class's laughing at the average person who is expected to follow rules that the people implementing them have no intention of following in the first place, because that's what this is really about: "rules for thee, but not for me". Next you'll be telling everyone who's been forced into bankruptcy due to the rules that you support to "eat cake"
I'm surprised this isn't on his main channel. I didn't even know this channel exists. A bit coward-ish to not put this up on the channel that is waaay more known with more subs. Quite disappointed and I hope you're reflecting on what you did and do better.
Another average youtube apology. Its got all the hallmarks. The only thing missing was the fake crying.
I used to like your content but you’re suppose to be a Healthcare professional and exhibiting this kind of behavior is unacceptable.
Just another tool, why not drop this in your REAL channel.....
Stop defending your actions lol! You told us that we should not be together, period!
Why's this not on your main channel?
You didn't even post this on your main channel you hypocrite. You talked so much about curbing the virus ans staying home when you did not do it yourself!
Hate to say it, Logan Paul apology was better.
Well, if this is true, you should consider changing your friends. A true friend wouldn't put you in such a bad situation. They envy you and wanted to destroy you. So They put a trap...  and same about all those weird chicks...
what's wrong with receiving a boat as a gift ? and why are you guys attacking poor doctor Mike for that😞 ....???! (0:40) am i missing something ?   annyways imma go do some research and comme back because this boat story seems fishy and it got me lost!.😮
Typical democrat smh 👎
Why didnt he make this apology on his bigger account?
Dude you’re such a hypocrite and you’re such a weasel that you are hiding this video on your second channel
Rich prick.
Jackass
To me, this feels very genuine. You goofed, realised your behaviour as a Doctor and YouTuber can reach and influence more people than you anticipated and in more negative ways as well. There are always lessons to be learnt in life.
Believable. 🙄
So u can go on vacation to Florida but I can’t leave my council area and I can’t see my nana and grandpa this Christmas for the first time in my life America is really treating this pandemic as a joke even the doctors are just doing whatever now
It is sad that it is so easy to seek redemption when you are in a position of power and influence, even though you truly don't mean it.
I think you need to watch more Youtuber apologies. You are doing it wrong. No crying and whats worse... you make up excuses in stead of just saying "Sorry, I fucked up. I will be better" ... also side note, the fact you posted this here and not on your big channel is SHAMEFUL.
Hypocrite.
I just realised that 99% of people defending dr. mike are just teenagers. Were they the ones suffering the most with this pandemic? NO! They were actually very happy of not having to go to school! I f. lost my job! I spent my birthday alone! And I actually suffer from anxiety and managed to do this all, respect for the others!!! FU Dr Mike, the privileged one!!!
Why didnt you post this on your main channel?
I’m sorry this is so hypocritical on sooo many levels. You have a high Audience that looks up to you... after seen those pictures yea you’re full of it... and to post it on the channel that has the less amount of followers smh 🤦🏽‍♀️ “Attack me. Don’t attack the science.” That is the only honest part of this video...
Aaaah finally found the apology🙏 Thankyou Dr Mike.  Now we can start the heeling process. In about a month all of these same people won't care what you did. They will all be defending you  And you will be praised again and reminded how nice you look. No worries 👍
second channel?
wow, I'm surprised so many comments here are negative when it feels like half the population are either upset because they can't be social and the other half are just doing the wrong thing anyway.  It's one mistake. Does that make it any better? No. But you know what does? Mike admitting to what he's done and apologising, sincerely. You rarely see that these days, especially from people in power.
Thanks dr hypocrite.
I like how he explains he felt safe partying because the CDC doesn’t explicitly say on their website:”No Boat Parties.” Whatever you say Mr. I Found A Loophole.
Quack
Me: Celebrates birthday party over zoom this year  Dr. Mike: YACHT PARTY LET'S GOOO
“BaD aCtOrs aNd cOnSpiRaCy TheOriSts” 🤣😂🤣🤣 SCUMBAG
covid-19 80% hyped up hospitals not as full as they say 99.9 survival rate
A mistake is when you unknowingly make the wrong choice. Your choice was not unknowing; you made it with full knowledge.
The Rules dont Apply to the  Rich
Lol. Just lol. You can guess the rest of my response.
We accept your apology.... we're glad you rectified the mistake, good day.
Listen doctor Mike. I dont care if you were the average Joe, a YouTube star, a doctor... etc. You are human and allowed to live your life and allowed to make "mistakes" it's life and it will be okay. Don't let these negative Nancy people get you down because they thrive off of what they get out of being hateful. Its not fair to you or anyone else. I wear my mask everywhere at all times but I have had instances where I've been in a hurry and forgotten it because i have three kids and complete lose my mind some days. 🤣 but I really hope you don't bring yourself down because of all this negativity. You seem like a genuine guy and you are appreciated. I've followed you for a while and will continue to follow you.  And I hope you see this because you deserve a pat on the back. You uplift everyone and you deserve to have people return that favor. I hope you have an awesome and blessed day today! Much love 💜
Dr. Mike... You've let everyone down. This is gross behavior even if you hadn't been a public figure and had just been some doctor working somewhere. And in this apology, you've taken the age old youtuber approach of not taking accountability and shifting blame. Please do better. This is too disappointing.   This is literally the first time someone I'd actually thought was a nice youtuber has fcked up this royally.
I had a lot of respect for you but right now I think you're coward. You wouldn't post this on your main channel? Coward. You have told and given advice to people during a pandemic and couldn't follow your own advice? Then you didn't post this on your main channel, you are only reaching a fraction of your audience here.  I know some people will want to show leniency because you're a doctor. That makes what you did worse. You have seen first hand what covid is doing to people in person, the effect it has had and is having on people. Maybe I would show a bit more leniency if you actually posted this on your main channel, I would have had a bit more respect then at least.  Doctors doing things like you did and not just doctors but MPs to, is what give people the impression that the pandemic isnt that bad. It may not have been the intention but thats what happens. This would have been an opportunity to reach out to more people and admit the mistake. Why they shouldn't do what you did. You learned a big lesson here and I think plenty can learn from this.  Your actions have impacts directly and indirectly. People will find out.
I don’t understand why people are making this so deep. Why are we cancelling someone who admits his actions are hypocritical? Isn’t that what we want? For people to be able to admit when they’re wrong so we can all grow and be better? He considered the risks and decided to go. Was that the right option? Perhaps not. But does that undo all the good he’s done in the past by informing people? All the good he will continue to do? I don’t think so.
Don’t be shy, post it on your main channel.
You type of people are the biggest problem and threat to the human race, you sell us so short for your money lifestyle and feeling of self greatness. And you think you can make a shitty video like this and it'll be ok, actions speak a thousand words and you have shown your true colours. Just like a polition Disgraceful!
Be a man grow some balls and stop apologizing
Its really not that fucking hard to not go to parties, christ
"I can't promise that I won't make another mistake again". But I promise not to get caught the next time. 😂
You did nothing wrong 😑 everyone needs to calm down. Its  not as if you where in a public place around other people that you would put them at risk. It was you, a grown man with other adults in your own space.
Surprised with all the people here mocking him for this little mistake (where didn’t even spread covid). I get it that the risk was still there, but im sure he made sure he and his small circle of friends were all feeling well before doing that. We all are tired of this (which again is not a reason to do stuff) but he genuinely doesn’t deserve all the mocking as i am sure most of us go over the rules sometimes. So chill people, we all get out of ourselves sometimes!!
He said sorry..  My god why ypu people gotta be so mean and specifically  your comments dosent help anyone you are just bringing don thw person.  Does it feel nice?  Like worry about your problems cuz all of us have ours fix that first.  THERE ARE MORE THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT THAN JUST DOCTOR MIKE HOW ABOUT GIVING YOUR ATTENTION TO THAT INSTEAD OF DRAMA
Y’all disgust me. If you are not a hypocrite you can judge him. OH WAIT WE ALL ARE HYPOCRITES. y’all are in no way to judge STOP BEING HYPOCRITES.
You have our love and support, because you’re someone real.
You wouldn't have deleted negative comments if you were really accepting of that
Still Disappointed Doctor ...take care..
Conspiracy theorists aren't using you, they didn't photoshop a picture or false information. Your actions, your photo, gave legitimate evidence to be used to undermine your message. Deflection is not taking accountability.
"I live alone so I don't put anyone else at risk"...... YOU'RE A DOCTOR
Dr. Mike - I didn’t realize I was not looking at your main channel where I’m subscribed.   I appreciate the apology but is it only because there was a photo?  So many people have made sacrifices and taken such enormous losses... your boat party is just going to gut a lot of your fans.  If you are ever in a situation again where what you are going to do will disappoint so many - please try to remember this impact.  On the other hand thanks for the good you have put out in the world.
While you talked about the research and precautions that you followed, I’m curious if you had conversations with all involved about what they were doing, whether they were quarantining after this, whether they are wearing masks when they should and so on?  The reasoning as to why it was ok for you to do this is the same reasoning that so many have used to put this country in the place it is today with this virus.   Your behavior was more  “what can I get away with” rather than leading by example as the pandemic is raging out of control.
Can you explain PCR test and ct?
hypocrite 🤢🤢
I have lost the respect for you, you disrespected all of ur family and friends and coworkers by putting yourself at risk thus placing them at risk. All these reasoning are not what u would say to people who might have gotten covid because of your selfish behavior. To everyone I say think twice or three times before making a decision, you never know how many people it might impact. Think better. Do better.
Two friends on November 11th went for a birthday.  For their celebration they decided to forgo any precautions...I mean it was just to a book store and dinner...what's the most that could happen?  November 16th after symptoms of "fever, cough, shortness of breath, headaches, fatigue etc" they got tested with a positive result coming back on the 19th with one (with asthma) currently hospitalized and the other at home in quarantine.  To quote her: "This is real folks. I thought I was being careful.  Not enough.  Learn from my mistakes."  That's not even getting into those friends I know that are now sick following Thanksgiving that decided to get together with friends/family.    Dr. Mike, you took precautions that you felt was appropriate and gave a good apology accepting the mistakes you made and how it damaged the narrative you've been trying to advocate for months now.  I accept and appreciate your apology and advocacy.  We all make mistakes.  Unfortunately for some, they might not get the opportunity to learn from theirs.
We all make mistakes. We're human.  Anyone here who is perfect and has never made a mistake or made bad judgement call, please step forward. Everyone should try their best during this time.  Do your best everyone. How cautious you are is dependent on what you have at stake.
Doctor mike, I have to say I'm disappointed rather than angry.  You allowed yourself to be put in a situation where you discredited yourself.  This hurts because you have been my source of information in these convoluted times as well as many others. In a way,  your actions have discredited me.  I preached your words and cited your videos to many people. Now who will listen? But I have to say, I forgive you. Or else I would be a hypocrite.  When I look back at my life and see my house having a completely normal Thanksgiving or my parents forgoing safety and science for a hobby like bowling several days a week.  How can I stay mad? I can only openly disagree and say I hope you do better moving forward. I'll see you in the next video.
I appreciate the apology, but WHAT WERE YOU THINKING!? You're a public figure, a medical professional and you do literally everything you shouldn't do. It's nice that you live alone, but a majority of your viewers live with older relatives and can spread Covid to them. Now you're saying you go the gym as well? Do you really need to, can't you run or exercise at home? Practice what you preach please Dr.
just remember kids....he wouldn't have made this video if he didn't get busted in the first place.
I have watched enough of your videos to see you as a genuine person and feel like your apology is genuine. I forgive you. Hang in there!
Man, your actions are disappointing.
I don't feel like you answered all the questions. You've circled the biggest boat, 8 adults maximum, yet there is a picture of you in a posed picture of 13 people (actually 15 on the site I'm now looking at, are there more if we pan out further), all close together and that's definitely taken on the boat - so are you saying you looked up the rules and then BROKE them? Did you have multiple negative tests before you potentially exposed all these people? You're a doctor, so you know full well one negative test can be misleading.   It seems to me that just by travelling you put your patients at risk when you got back when Florida is known to have a lot of cases.
You know the video is serious when there is no "pew woop"
lockdowns for thee, orgies for me.
There were 15 people in close proximity that’s too many. Also a apology shouldn’t be full of excuses.
Are you really a doctor? There are so many issues (a) you left the state in the middle of a second wave (b) you may have Covid and be asymptomatic (c) you talked about the risk of getting on the boat but not that the risk about getting on a plane. I could go on. You come across as self entitled and not a doctor dealing with Covid day in day out.
All of the negative comments in here like excuse me what? I get that you got upset about it but he actually apologized and addressed the situation. What more can you ask for? To get the situation undone? sorry but it’s not possible
I think it's weird that this video is posted on this channel, and not his main channel..
Hypocrite!!!! I am so disappointed! You have failed your fans, your audience and your fellow health workers in the world!
So Mikey.....your papa live in Brooklyn, right? Up until earlier this year all post across your social media about him are all based on Brooklyn. Care to explain? So did you visit a family property then but worded it in such a way so it seemed like you travelled to meet your father when in fact you walked into an empty apartment? Is there even a Miami apartment?
Yikes this is so tone deaf 😆  Would’ve been better off to say nothing.  Did not score well on this MMI lol
Though it wasn't expected from you but I'm glad you accepted that..it's ok we all are human and we all make mistakes..
I'm truly disappointed in you. I looked up to you as a doctor and as a person. Because of your channel, I've learned so much about the healthcare system and I was encouraged to build better relationships with my healthcare providers. This feels like a betrayal of the trust your viewers had in you.  Since the start of the pandemic, I've been following all the guidelines and been very strict with seeing my friends and family and have been living minimally to reduce risk. I haven't been able to see my mom and elderly grandparents in months. I've missed the funerals of two of my elderly relatives in the last 3 months because of this. I started therapy and am doing my best to make it through this. I do all of these things to prevent myself from getting and spreading the virus. I do it for the safety of myself and others.  It's disappointing that you've chosen to do this. And that's what this was - a choice. It wasn't a mistake. A mistake implies that you didn't know better or that it was unintentional. I find it very hard to believe that you did not know better. I suspect you looked up those CDC and state guidelines because you knew it was wrong, but wanted an excuse to do it anyways.  I will always support you as a human being because no one is perfect. We must all learn and grow from our experiences. You made the wrong choice here, but it doesn't make you a bad person. I personally hope you navigate this experience and come out the other end smarter, stronger, and better. I offer you my sympathies that you are enduring this hardship in the public eye. I can't imagine how difficult that must be.   Take care and stay safe. ❤
What he did was extremely wrong tho he apologizes, I don't know if he mean it or not but let's just say he's a human being & we all make a mistakes & forgiveness is what God approves,so let's forgive him for all time sake👉👈 hope he won't do it again 😑🙄
What is happening in this comment section:  Women are introduced to Doctor Mike. He's well-spoken, tall, handsome, a doctor and compassionate. He seems like the perfect man. What happens now is that they forget that he is human. Because he is the ideal man in some aspects they believe that Doctor Mike has every trait they think the ideal man would have, based on their own views and beliefs about reality. Then something like this happens and it fractures their idea of who they thought Doctor Mike is. They now feel anger at Mike for doing what they think of as the "wrong thing". The anger stems from the fact that their perception of Doctor Mike was wrong, most of the anger isn't actually because of his actions.
So much hate Jesus. Okay we get it, he messed up. He’s human, who knew. At least he gave his face to the public (even if he had been caught we could just not address it). But i don’t believe that in the last 9 months you guys haven’t done ANYTHING that could help spread the virus. He learned his lesson, life goes on.
It's disheartening to see how many negative comments people have to say about someone you don't even know. We all mess up, I bet 100% of those people who have something negative to say has taken an unnecessary risk at some point during this pandemic, I know I have. Is it ok? No, not really. Is it a reason to try and tear down someone who made an error? No, not really. Especially someone who has dedicated their life to helping people and uses their platform for good. I can't say I would turn down a surprise birthday boat party hosted by my friends, can you? This year has been hard enough and we don't need this toxic "cancel culture" coming in to amplify this situation. Have a little grace and empathy please, we all could use more of that in this world today. Blessings Dr. Mike, tomorrow is a new day.
I’m actually really disappointed. You’ve been preaching for months about adhering to social distancing and wearing masks and staying at home... this isn’t an apology, you’re trying to defend your actions. You realise people are going to use this to discredit everything you’ve worked so hard to inform people about? Now you’re nothing more than a hypocrite. I’m not seeing my family for Christmas... you sure as hell could have dealt with this differently. And the fact you posted this on your second channel instead of your main... Jesus, talk about showing your true colours
COVID 19 is seriously a joke why even worry about a I’m wrong video this is all serious overreaction
He can party but people can go to their love ones funerals. 🤔
I did see this “story” pop up on my Google. Was I surprised to see Dr Mike on a Boat outing with friends yes but is it a mistake? I dont know. Is he doing this segment because he was “caught “ , I don’t know. Honestly mistake or not, we are human and 2020 has been hard. I’m glad you were able to visit with family and some friends since not everyone has been able to. Sure it  wasn’t the smartest choice in my opinion especially with numbers again increasing. As someone who too lives alone with just my dog in health care , I get it. I have only seen my coworkers and honestly I’m tired of their faces haha. I don’t think you should have to come out and admit to things or not. It happened. Hopefully your father and your friends are all healthy since Florida is an “open” state. Just take care of yourself and others. Still a fan. Flip the page & continue to teach us. “Celebrity or Rich person or Regular Joe we need to have the same standards for mistakes”
This should be on your main channel. Regardless, the fact that you only care about yourself and your well being doesn't sit right with me. I mean...you are a doctor ffs. You should do better than this.
People are really mad...
hypocrite
We're all human, it's very hard to follow all the rules all the time. In some places the rules change very often and it can be difficult to keep up, so even if we follow the guidelines, occasionally we have to make a judgment call
Doctors not respecting what they say and Anti-Vax saying "I'm a doctor" are  probably the most american things I have ever seen. Our neighbors are truly messed up. -A Canadian
I'm not disappointed in you or any bullshit some people are talking about in the comments. The fact that you acknowledged your mistake and apologized for it makes me see how strong you really are and you're willing to take responsibility for your action, even do better as you said. We're humans and we mess up. And I'm saying this as a medical student who's practicing medicine. Everyone trashing you in the comments are locked homes with build-up of frustration and depression that they're letting out on you. I love you and I always will. Stay strong❤
Don’t ever be suprised that people don’t trust doctors, mike - you’re a great example! Just another pretty lookin fake wanting money
Stay strong. Keep making videos. People will forgive you over time.
The lame excuse. Hahahahaha
imagine being an actual doctor who has been showing a flagrant disregard for the need to treat the pandemic as it is, deadly and ongoing. And you can't even manage to post the "apology" video on your main channel where most people might see it?! please...
I support you Mike. I’m sorry you’re dealing with this. I disagree quite strongly with the “punishment” going on over what you did. You did allll the right things. I understand the “impact” stuff but still! You’re human! And you did what any sane human would do with the information you had at the time. Sending love and healing your way ✨
What about the studies that show masks do not work?
Stop blowing all this out of proportion, you did the right thing.
Im a young immature student so I do as u do.. because u have the higher status as a doc, so u know better or? ok partying it is
I still have love for you, Dr Mike.... But. No. This needs to be on your main channel. Allow us that much respect.
Dr. Playboy got caught HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
A mistake is forgetting your mask in the car not fucking with IG models on a yacht in one of the few states with no major covid regulations ongoing. You made a deliberate choice and went and partied somewhere where you knew regulations were lax. You're a disgrace. Plain and simple.
Funny, I distinctly remember hearing you say "aware not anxious" and "people need to stop panicking, this is basically the flu" back in February/March. Nice try, "doc".
You were a part of my Bachelor's work as an one of the good authorities on YouTube. I regret that deeply now, feels like waste of time.
This is just disappointing, thought he was someone who could have been considered a role model, or even a decent source of news. Shame. People lives have been devastated, no going back. I supported you, and i hope your career here on YouTube brings you back to something you can be proud of, but i don’t think i will be around to see it
So tired of the elites of the world saying, "stay inside, pandemic fatigue is selfish, stay the f*** home!!!" And then failing to follow the same advice themselves.
Title: “Admitting when I’m wrong.” Video: Defending his actions
As a doctor, you should had lead an example duh
I don’t think he’s done this only once
lets SHARE this WIDELY - he will be FORCED to put it up on his main channel. mainly cos he DIDNT put it there to begin with!!!!!
We're all human❤. I've gotten together with close friends and family and weighted the risk. For my mental health I needed it. He made a simple mistake. We can't all say that without a little pressure we all wouldn't go to a party or break the rules. Cause we are just human.
when will people 'get it' - wearing a mask, STAYING HOME WHEN SICK, not being in big groups / having a party isnt about their OWN  risk, its about OTHER PEOPLE'S.  you don't just 'get' covid; its not an individual thing - you might be low risk whatever, but the person you give it to, or the person that person gives it to, might not be!
Your apology is half assed and in no way sincere. It's manipulative. You posted this on your smaller channel in hopes it wouldn't be seen by the masses on your other channels / social media accounts. Cancel culture is real and hypocrisy is the compliment vice pays to virtue. A pretty face isn't going to save you. Be sincere and correct this.
Never thought I'd see an apology video from him 🤔
I think he's getting backlash because of who was on the boat too. If it was just like a friend or two and siblings then I don't think people would have cared as much. I think because it was like 20 women in bikinis it makes it seem like a big party and not just reconnecting to close friends/family members while doing an outdoor activity
I would be very surprised if this actually makes him stop partying maskless and take things seriously. The real question will be will he still post about it or will he hide it.
I love how he says “were all struggling.” Sure didn’t look like he was doing much struggling on that boat.
Imagine being a doctor and partying during a pandemic you should get your license revoked
Just.... No!
I accept your apology.
Just cause he's a doctor doesn't make him any less of a human!!
If he was really sorry, he would’ve uploaded this video on both of his channels. Especially the channel in which most people are subscribed to. I love him and will continue to love him, but this is disappointing.
You’re human, dude. Just like everyone else. All we can do is our best. Thank you for all the awareness you bring. It far outweighs anything else.
This is... Genuinely really disappointing. There were at least 14 people in that photo. I can at least empathize with being a bit of a pushover about having a social obligation sprung on him, agree or not I understand that feeling... But he's being really misleading about the extent of his actions. I can stand by him making a statement on the validity of the science, and even him owning up to his mistake. He's doing everything he can to look like the good guy, including deliberately lying about the trip to save face. He's not being wholly honest, and is therefore not truly apologizing for what he's failing to admit he did. I can't describe my disappointment. I really respected him. I'm heartbroken.
Not you Dr. Mike! NOOOOOOO! NOOOOOOOOOO! Bro WHY?!!! 😭 I expected better from you!! I saw this coming from other influencers, but never you! I can't trust nobody  I can't look at your content the same anymore, that's how shocked I am..... I- why'd you do this?! WHY?!!
Everyone makes mistakes and everyone keeps on learning no matter how old they are. I really appreciate that you took time to make this video, it shows me as a viewer that you are human like me and that you are professional in confronting a problem involving yourself. I forgive you and by the way, I really enjoy your videos. ☺️
Did you get tested, though? Kat Blaque did a similar impulsive thing and also admitted to her mistake, but that won't stop the spread.
As a nursing student this is EMBARRASSING!! I do not “party” I know the risks, you’re a doctor, this should be on your main channel
It not the mask that is the biggest issue. Its that how many were on the boat, if the have covid and he goes home to work and he got it he will might make someone allready sick even worse. He sould have had that in on his minde first.
There are many of us who are going on tours and partying for that matter. You guys don't have to be so hard on him just because he's an internet celeb. He said sorry, and yes he did MESS UP but after all these months of being locked up he probably wanted to see his dad and have some fun. I'm not saying he's right or anything but let's let go of this ONE TIME he messed up.
Put this on your main channel. This only makes you look as fake as these people caught up in a scandal every month.
You're a con man. Lying for views.
No ones gonna talk about how he didn’t even post this on his main channel? Coward
Everyone messes up. Everyone. There's no need for all the judgement. All these hateful comments don't help anyone.
I hope you had a grand ole time on that yacht. Meanwhile, I haven’t worked or left my house for recreation in 10 months now.
Due to his large following this issue will only be swept under the rug. Sad.
This almost makes me want to give up on being a doctor. I've looked up to you for so long now. I'm in college studying pre-medicine because of you. I wanted to be smart like you. But this, this is not okay. I'm "young and healthy" just like you are, and I've "followed all the rules" just like you said you did. Yet, here I am, stuck at home with covid and I passed it onto my family who have underlying health problems. My birthday is coming up next week and I haven't even THOUGHT about having any sort of party. I haven't seen my older family members in MONTHS because I don't want to risk getting them sick. Yet you go out on a boat and party just because your friends did it for you? They seem like such great friends, ESPECIALLY because they know what you've been preaching to all of us for almost a year now. It makes me wonder what else you've done that you're not talking about because you haven't been caught yet. The fact that you posted this on your smaller channel just makes it even worse. I'm really disappointed, Mike.
You didn't stay happy and healthy :(
You kinda should have thought about the ripple effects. Of course you undermined ur message and throw a fuel cannister on the fire lit by conspiracy crackpots. Great job. Do better
Oh and maybe post this on your more popular channel? Maybe watch some of your own videos and take your own advice?
Please try to remember Dr. Mike, that while you may not lose anyone, someone else out there could. That's what you've been telling us this whole time. That's what's on the line. People's lives. I don't want to make you feel any worse, and I do want to keep believing in you. Like the rest of us, you are not perfect; you are human. So please learn from this mistake. Reflect on your actions but do not dwell on questions of your character, because I still believe you are a good person.
Let them eat cake...
*I know this might be controversial, Nonetheless, I'm going to be frank here:* I see a lot of people hating on him and let me clarify that the internet is crazy place. People think that they are superior to whoever they watch and the other half idolizes them. Being either is the problem because you judge them for the slightest mistake when you are also flawed, not matter if it's less or more. The guy committed a mistake, not because he didn't follow guidelines, but mainly because he's an medical influencer. He gave his reasons, he apologized. End of story. Do not bring this horrible Twitter "cancel culture" mindset to YouTube. Thank you for taking the time to read this. I do not mean any hate, just wishing that you would realize if you are on either end and work on fixing it.
An ocean tumbled by with a private boat for Mike. And he sailed off through night and day. And in and out of weeks and almost over a year to where the wild things are.
So 5 of the girls on your boat are minors? 🤔🤣
It takes a strong and humble person to admit when they're wrong, especially in such a public way. You, sir, earn more and more of my respect every time you upload a video discussing a serious and important topic. I don't know if you realize just how big an impact your honesty has on your viewers, and I can't speak for everyone watching, but personally, I am truly touched and humbled by your honesty and openness. May God bless you and keep you in His loving arms.
The fact that this is posted here instead of on your main channel automatically makes authenticity suspect. I am not interested in even listening to it.
"Rules are for theeeee, not for me" :) :) :)
Nobody used your situation to promote their narrative. You aided their narrative with your actions. You’re a doctor with a huge platform. Personal risk? Do you not see immune compromised patients? Children? Their parents? My best friend’s 90 year old grandma tested positive for Covid after shoulder surgery... exposed at a hospital. Wearing a mask is not enough. One of my closest friends and roommates is an immune compromised essential worker who takes every precaution necessary to keep our household safe... but it’s individuals who “assess personal risk” that endanger the greater population. It’s not about you. It’s not about me. For once, it’s about doing the right thing for  everybody else. It must be nice to have access to testing when most of us have to spend weeks to wait. Rapid testing turned out erroneous. You knew better. And you got caught. When you say you “made a mistake” ... no sir. Don’t minimize. You’re not an uneducated influencer.
Your whole apology is sorry I got caught. You hypocritical lying fool. "But I did everything right, just some bad actors making me look bad, boo-hoo." You know you still think you are ok because you "followed the rules" (which I doubt since there were more than 10 people there). Honestly just go away from public life for a good while. Bye.
This apology video only make things all worst and messy😑😑😑.
While this may not have been the smartest thing to do, it's pretty unrealistic in my opinion to believe that people haven't socialized in any capacity in the past 8 months of this pandemic. He admitted that this wasn't the smartest decision and he knows that. I love & support Dr. Mike, he's not just a doctor, he's human. He admits fault which is very admirable, something that many physicians lack.
Why isnt this video on your main channel?? I honestly think it would reach a bigger part of your audience.  I didnt even know this channel existed until 5 mins ago when I ran across it on my recommended.
Egad! YOU'RE HUMAN?!?!?!  Yeah, for the message it was a mistake.  Friends in Florida blindly offering a boat party...not surprising.
disapointing.
I just found out this hour: Gavin Newsome,  London Breed AND Dr. Mike have been telling us to stay in, but they aren’t. Honestly, I’m sad. It’s science and we’re supposed to follow science. What I see is those with money will not be included in the rules society has follow. Seriously, this made me pretty heartbroken and confused.
Mike, I love your videos but what you did was wrong, you didn't follow the rules, and you posted this on a channel with a way smaller sub base, you should be posting this on you main channel
You're a hypocrite
I am a health professional and have had to stay away in another country from my elderly family because of Covid-19. Their lonliness has led to further anxiety and depressive thoughts, all because I have to stay away. I am deeply disappointed in you Dr Mike for doing that and calling it a mistake. You knew you are a brand and I have lost most of my trust in you as a fellow health professional.
The hell did you think would happen?
Im so disappointed, dr mike. But at least you apologize
I havent went a party all year. I wear a mask all the time. Thanksgiving was 8 people and didnt travel. Why everyone cant do these things. It's annoying how reginae carter, nancy pelosi and other rich ppl dont have 2 follow rules!. CDC doing research 4 nothing
Why didn't you post this on your first channel channel?
Respect
I AM disappointed
I dint like cancel culture. just because you did one mistake, it doesn’t mean its the end of the world. you guys need  to stop canceling people just because they did something that was just one mistake. there are bigger influencers out there  who are doing the same thing !  partying and they aren’t being called for it. i don’t know how you americans handle  things like this, but canceling people to me is not good. it’s not healthy for both the community and the  person being canceled   yes he didn’t wear a mask,  but it’s not the end of the world. you all need to chill.  yes we are in a pandemic. doctor mike has made a mistake yes. he still can learn. he still can.  i don’t accept his apology, but i feel that is sincere.
Meanwhile , average  New Yorkers are huddled in their apartments like sardines...  this showcases the privilege of wealth - something most people don’t have.
This is probably one of the most disappointing things that happened in 2020. Your a damned doctor. No excuse for this at all. Way more then 10 people and that gaiter you were half asses wearing does nothing. Then you put this wack apology on your second channel. Lol. Ridiculous.
Nah he’s just embarrassed he got caught
Also, a second account. Dude, you’re a fake.
This apology is worse than saying nothing. EXCUSES. So disappointing. Also, you need new friends. Who parties with 15 people?! All you healthy assholes probably spread it to everyone else.
For all of you slamming him: Stop. The man is obviously sorry. Have you never fucked up before and done something you shouldn’t have? Sure, it was an act of hypocrisy but haven’t we all done it? This guy works extremely hard. Family medicine physician, famous YouTuber, both very time consuming things. The man probably just wanted to take a load off and hang with some buddies. No, he should not have done what he did but he is apologizing. The title of the video is literally “admitting when I’m wrong”. Listen to his apology, accept it, and move on.
People are really trying to control other peoples lives on social media. Wow, what the hell has this world come to that random people feel so entitled to telling other people how to live. I’ve had COVID twice and don’t wish it on anyone, but y’all are grilling him when y’all STILL go shopping? To the gym? Let your kids go to school with other kids? Come on now.
As a nurse working on a Respirology unit with COVID-19 positive patients everyday, I'm so disheartened to see this.. Dr. Mike I've looked up to you starting from the beginning of this pandemic and advocated for "Alert Not Anxious" to all my friends and family. I've shared your videos as a way to educate ppl around me about the pandemic. Please be better. There are many people looking up to you who are extremely disappointed. We all make mistakes but pls learn from this
*cough cough* It's the not posting this video on his main channel for me..
dang, this is just disappointing
People are being too hard on him. No one is perfect. I still respect you, Dr. Mike.
UNSUSCRIBED from your main channel. Hypocrite.
The subscriber count droped... thats how fast your life gets messed up being an influencer... move on leave youtube behind would be a good choice...
Dr. Mike, you now know what Donald Trump dealt with every day for 4 years.
RULES FOR THEE, BUT NOT FOR ME!
As a nurse in a major hospital I would have preferred if he said “tbh I’m human and I had reached my limit with not socializing and staying in doors, I messed up” because we’ve all felt overwhelmed and isolated at times instead of “my friends surprised me with a boat party and I checked the CDC guidelines for this and this and that and I looked at their risk and I looked at my own personal risk and I counted how many people could be on the boat blah blah blah”. There’s no way he sat at home researching before his SURPRISE boat party. Let’s be realistic. Let’s be honest. As someone who has watched Dr Mike before I was even an RGN, let’s be transparent. Because just making excuses and defending your actions is not an actual apology.
EVERYONE MAKES MISTAKES. Yes this was a bad one but we are all human we all make mistakes. Please stop hating. I am not saying what he did was ok, but that doesn't give anyone the right to be mean. This pandemic is tough on everyone some more than others. Sometimes we just slip up, EVERYONE HAS DONE IT.  Lots of people are very disappointed  rn but I know he is even more disappointed in himself. And now he has to live with the guilt of his decision for the rest of his life. I know from watching him he has learned from his mistake and will grow as a human. Honestly none of of are thinking straight during this crisis. We have all lost something during this pandemic, whether it's a loved one, missed time with friends, job, houses, and the list goes on. Again i'm not saying what he did was ok, but please stop being so mean in the comments, we are all human. Please think before you comment. Before you post ask yourself if that is something you would say to him in person.
Self reflection is when you dont know better, but you did.
With all the money you made of Covid, you sure spent it by spreading the virus.  This is TikTok level of accountability and I know you could do more. What you should do are: Admit you are wrong, no excuses, explain how to better yourself, and upload it on your main channel.  But hey, 2020 is already dissapointing enough. What could I expect from a doctor who partying in the middle of pandemic?
I’m glad he’s owning up to his mistakes and taking charge we forgive you
I have a 72, soon to be 73 year old mother whom I haven’t seen in months.  No mother’s day.  No thanksgiving.  And soon to be no birthday or Christmas.  Maybe I should rent a boat?  I hope you are ashamed of yourself.  Hypocrite.
And the MIAMI LOL what’s next?? TEXAS? Bruh a high covid state with the most deaths also , but tell me why I knew this was going to happen I can see the true self reflection through his eyes lol I can tell he isn’t what he preaches but hey! “We are all human” worst excuse I have ever heard from the worst people
I can’t even hug my friends, we can only talk through our phones. We can still see each other in Walmart, wearing masks and 6 ft apart. It’s saddening. But seeing rich people partying and hugging each other while pandemic is around is just disheartening. Call me jealous, I don’t care. You should know better.
*Rules for Thee. Not for me.* Dr Mike: *Stay home, wear a mask.* Dr Mike: *boat party! Wooo!! Group photo!* Dr Mike: *I'd like to justify myself and guise it as an apology.*
I turned it off when he got to the “conspiracy theorists are using me” bs. You gave them ample ammo my dude. Thanks.
It's gone so bad for Mike, people are goin' by his biological definition to describe him. THEY LIVE!
Latinos know the 15th birthday is a big one for a girl. I spent mine alone with my immediate family without a big dress and a big cake, like I would've had any other year. I also live in Australia, where the COVID situation is nowhere near as advanced as in the US. Dr Mike had this big flashy party, while millions of people around the world did the right thing and skipped out on important birthdays in order to keep themselves and others safe.
YOU DID A BAD DOCTOR MIKE AND NOW YOU'RE GONNA GET CANCELED LOL You people complaining about the quality of his apology are really something else.  Have you ever demanded an apology from someone in your life?  How did that go?  How valuable is that apology?  Typically people aren't super sincere when they are pushed into a corner.  They just want you to leave them alone.
That’s got to be a fucking yikes from me man
Not on your main channel. Interesting.
He’s above the rules. What a joke
Boo hoo for you. All I hear are excuses from a person that consistently told us to be smart and socially distance, to essentially cancel family plans for the safety of others. I've just unsubscribed from your main channel. You know, the one you didn't post this on
Bro you did nothing wrong if both you and your friend are wearing masks every day youre good
Rules for thee but not for me.
False Scamdemic  Period Purely political and and effort to assert dominance and control You are irresponsible  My neighbors are a married anesthesiologist and RN couple working at the local hospital and both of them and my own GP have said that this entire thing is a farce. Their patients who test positive go home with no symptoms or minimal and mild symptoms  IT IS A LIIIIEEEEEE
I mean he is human, but didn’t he think he would get caught? You have over a million views per video
Maybe upload it on your main channel, where more people would see it.
Its Ok we all make mistakes  so don't feel guilt move on and don't make that mistakes again
I’ve been watching your videos religiously over this year. You were a level headed, intelligent, light hearted spot in the days I really struggled to find anything that made sense through everything that has been happening. You educated me, gave me peace and some good belly chuckles to get me by on the tough days. I come on today and see this, I look up the photo out of curiosity and see a completely different person. I guess there’s a reason people say you shouldn’t meet your heroes. I’m truly disappointed. If you ever see this I hope you learn from it. Obviously a normal person like myself wouldn’t make an impact on how you live your life, but I gotta say.. it’s going to be really hard to listen to you speak anymore without thinking that this whole thing is just an act to you. I wish the best for you Mike, this was just all around distasteful. Cheers to your birthday I guess. Hope it was worth it.
Dr Mike, I would have accepted the apology if you upload it to the main channel instead of a smaller one as it seems like you're hiding it. Words travel fast in the internet when it involves a scandal, and putting your apology here makes it worse. You're one of the most highly regarded sources during such crisis like this, but with how you post the video somewhere that's basically hidden, this is a way to lose trust.  I get that the pandemic is hard on everyone with the restrictions in the pleasures of life and time with friends and family over holidays as well as the temptations. Still, you know as an influencer that you have to follow through the examples you've put out over the year since the pandemic began just like your viewers who also made sacrifices.
So dissapointed..Dr Mike is a hypocrite...and trying to justify it is pathetic...why is this not posted on main channel...such a hypocrite
Te amo. DISCULPADO!
Stfu you’re not practicing what you preach. Stop lying you’re only here to make money you have no credibility.. apologize on your main page
I'm so tired of rich people.
This was incredibly disappointing.
This is what happens when you surround yourself with that type of people- a bunch of sluzzies and friends that do things as if with good intentions yet all they want is to see you fall.....
Nah, bro.
Covid is serious. Forget masks. If he has his friends on his boat, I don't see where he needs to apologize. Think independently. Doctor's advice or doctor's orders still do not dictate what you do with your own life. You don't agree with his decisions or advice? The beauty of life in the United States of America doesn't mean you have to. You make your own decisions and you can choose where you hear medical advice. Lay off him! Doctor Mike, apologize if you want but I don't see any reason for you to.
I guess a boat party where people are on top of eachother is not one of those places to wear a mask, you know, cuz it might get wet and make it hard to breathe😂 give me a break, you're a doctor too wtf byeee
You literally posted this to your small channel to try and get away with it. If you really cared about making sure people weren't using this as an argument against covid would you not want to spread it to your channel with 6.5 mill subscribers. I turned 21 this year. My friends tried to throw me a party even though it would be slightly breaking restrictions. I told them no. If I can tell my friends no at 21 then you, a doctor turning ??, can tell them no. You did break restrictions with the mask and number of people on the boat (see Michelle McDaniels video for proof).
To be fair, this is far from the worst violation I've seen.  My governor's passing already-too-lax restrictions and then violating them with reckless abandon.  And this isn't even the most careless state in the country COVID-wise.  That said, please tell me you made goddamn sure that there was no exposure risk whatsoever to your coworkers or patients or people in your community upon returning.  That's my biggest concern.  Making a decision for yourself is one thing, but the people you interact with afterwards had no say in your choice to travel, and therefore exposing them to any nonzero risk is absolutely unacceptable.
Honestly I’m not upset he went to a party on a boat with his friends. I honestly would have done the same thing.(yeah yeah call me terrible or what ever you want I don’t care). I’m just upset he spent months making videos talking about how serious this is and then pulls this. If you don’t believe it don’t say it.
Just your risk doesn’t matter, you’re risking patients at a hospital cmon now
Really disappointed of u bro
There's no way that he uses the basic simple CDC guidelines as his defense when he literally hard researched about Covid and its effects.
RIP bro but you already lost most of your credibility with this one
I see Mama Doctor Jones deleted her comment...
feels like he just lost his credibility. was a fan and enjoyed watching his videos that were informative, especially about Covid-19. but now....
I am so disappointed ...
I've lost a lot of respect for a lot of people. I didn't realize this wasn't his main channel as it was recommended to me - what a cop out.
Well, there is a Danish study that found no statistical differences between wearing/not wearing a mask in regard to covid infection.
That pic had like 14 or 15 people man, not 10. Also the "I'm young and healthy" excuse is the exact same thing that all the young idiots partying say. Hope you actually practice what you said and do better now
Judgeing from the comments a lot of people are angry at him for 'not following what he preches' but there are also pleople complaing they lost their jobs businesses and are not able to meet their family members. HOW IN THE HELL IS THAT HIS MISTAKE. Suddenly everyone's acting like he's the one who spread it all around the world. He made a big mistake but that dosen't make you aligible to blame him for everything.
Why is this put on your baby channel....reeeeeeal shady dude. Hypocritical as hell.
Oopsie, you going to get cancel
Okay I get that he messed up or he wouldn't have apologised if he didn't get caught. The thing is, he is a human too, no one is perfect, I have made mistakes too and so has he, if he just wanted to defend his actions, he could have in the comment section aswell replying to every single comment that has been attacking on him. It may have hurt everyone here, but I do think you should forgive him for his actions, not because he is a celebrity doctor etc. Just because, if he was your friend, I guarantee you would've forgiven him/her. His life is already really stressful from balancing both his real work and social media, if we keep on hating on it we will just make everything worse for him. We should be supporting him right now rather than hating on him.  Edit: Yes, he should post this on his main channel aswell.
im wondering, how many of you are going to unsubscribe from both this channel and his main one from because of what he did?
This guy is trash, he's a sell out....I can't believe people fall for this garbage
Not mad but very disappointed
Its ok I forgive you. We are all human and we all make mistakes, the best we should all do is to let us all grow and forgive each other. Kindness is the best way forward.
They're always sorry when they get caught.  Just admit it:  you're a hypocrite.
I think people are too quick to judge Dr Mike. He was following all the CDC guidelines. We should too. Just because you or me cant go on a boat right now, doesnt mean he cant as long as he follows all the same safety procedures.
So why is this on your side channel?! This should be better thought out and on your main channel. After all this preaching and dispelling what comes from the president, you go and do this. Your. Fucking. Party. Can. Wait. Of course you messed up but I guess it's easier to do it and ask for forgiveness. You absolutely lost all credibility for me.
You are making your fellow physicians, like myself, look bad for your selfish activities.  Unless you are doing exclusively tele-visits for the next two weeks, you are putting your patients and staff at risk when you return to work. YOU are downplaying the pandemic yourself  by traveling, and  YOUR actions are attacking the CDC and WHO in itself, by showing people that even doctors/scientists aren't taking their own advice; and this lackluster apology will not negate your selfish actions. This is not about you "being a human and messing up" this is about you being a physician who people look to for guidance and you chose to be a selfish fool.
Seriously stop apologising. It makes you look weak. Who cares you had a party. Never apologise and grow some balls and stop apologizing to people who aren't even happy with themselves. If you keep caring about what everyone says and think you will be down on your knees for the rest of your life.
This is so disappointing and gross. My boyfriend still has to travel for work and it is incredibly stressful for everyone involved even though the trips are NECESSARY. And you're telling me a DOCTOR living in one of the countries most hit by Covid just takes a trip for the funsies? And you don't even have the balls to post this on your main channel?  Thanks for putting people like me at risk, we really appreciate it. Oh and by the way-- the young thing? My partner is not even 30 AND VERY HEALTHY and when he did get it, he felt like he was dying even if he didn't need a ventilator.   This is only encouraging people to push the boundaries in place! People might think that "Oh well Dr.Mike went to a party, I'm sure it's fine for me too." NO IT IS NOT.
Doc - there’s grace! I still support you ! Keep doing what your doing.  God bless ❤️
You’ve already been exposed for hypocrisy. Why not try to right some of those wrongs and address your whole audience? Placing a statement of this magnitude on your much smaller channel makes you look like a coward...
All the chicks in that photo are GROSS!!!!     Fish lipped narcissists.   Great choice of people to be around. Sheds some light on  where your mind really is and who you really are.
Cant believe cancel culture is so crazy, people no longer know what forgivness and tolerance is. People mess up. You mess up a lot too I bet ya, if we couldnt learn form our mistakes and move on without being demonized by society, we'd all be doomed. Do you really want to live in a world like that? Really?
Can't live without hoes huh
These comments just break my heart.    We as humans need other humans.  We need to talk to people, we need to be touched by people.  We need it for our health.  Yes, this year has been hard.  For others it’s been harder.  But we can’t live the rest of our lives in isolation because of this.  We can’t put our lives on hold and stop doing everything that makes us tick.  We will suffer from it.  Yes, we should still be careful and follow the guidelines that have been put in place.  I am not saying that the virus isn’t real, because it is.   He admits that he wasn’t as careful as he believes he should have been.  He apologized. The fact that literally every. single. person. In the world makes mistakes and messes up, and everyone is mad and disappointed in HIM for doing what we ALL do, really just breaks my heart.  It breaks my heart that people can be so unforgiving of others.   Doctor Mike, thank you.  Thank you for apologizing and for  considering and understanding the viewpoint of others.  Thank you for looking up all the guidelines and figuring out what the best course of action was, while still trying to celebrate your birthday.
trying being poor and disabled
He was a good Doctor,      but he was a liar!!!!!
post it on your main channel!
Can we get a Curb your meme on this hypocrite?
I wonder why he posted it on his second account 🤔
I don't understand, why not just decline it? This was a mistake- but a costly one....  You easily could've denied it, but you did not. By attending that party, you are enabling anti-maskers and Covid deniers a voice.
This comment section is hilarious
Officially unsubbing over this. You’ve betrayed our trust in your authority as a medical professional and I’m just… disappointed.
Dr. Mike, I am a kid, I want to be a doctor I love watching your stuff. I am really sad about  seeing what's happened. I understand the situation, but still man. I understand what you are doing and I support what you are doing. Please take a quarantine period you need to. You work at a hospital so please stay safe.
Probably won't mean much, but I think I can say a lot of us are disappointed that you didn't post this on your main channel and above all else that someone like you (a medical professional we all looked up to and respected) would blantly disregard your own safety advice. You're not wrong it really damaged your credibility on the severity of this pandemic. I've been made fun of for taking precautions when exercising, shopping, etc but they don't know I've been in contact with patients who might or might not have the virus.
This should be in the main channel. If you mean it you should want everyone to see this.
You fucked up, but now let's learn from that and move on. Excess backlash just raises everyone's blood pressure.
this made me cringe 😬 🤢
Cancelled.
It's safe to say everyone is disappointed. I am too, since I like watching Dr. Mike for educational health/medical content. It's hard not to get angry. This is just like what happened when a public servant got caught having a "mananita" here in the Philippines. At this point I don't think I even have the strength to decipher whether or not I'm truly angry and disappointed or done with everything, since I keep seeing this happen in my own country and around me.......
"I can't promise I won't make another mistake" aka "im gonna do what I want, and you may catch me slipping again, so sorry ahead of time" I mean we really shouldn't be surprised. He doesn't even cover his mouth when he sneezes lol
This may, 'may' have had some weight if you posted it to your main channel, not this one that alot of people don't even know exists. You made a joke of your apology/attempt to defend your actions by posting it here.
oh lord! It's a lot of hate in the comment section. I mean, let us not forget he's also a human. Everybody makes mistake and it seems like he's being accountable and asked for an apology. Let us not forget all the great things he has done. A single circumstance doesn't define a person.
Ay mi gordito te perdono la gente no entiende, tranquilo tú estás haciendo lo mejor que podrías hacer♥️
Lying phony.
I sure hope that all of these people that are commenting are perfect human beings....
At least he didn’t try to hide it, he owned up to it and apologized instead of causing drama
An apology does not start with deflecting blame and excusing your high risk behavior while telling us to follow CDC guidelines. Simply say, "I was wrong, my decision making was flawed, I was impulsive and made the wrong choice.". We are HUMAN and make bad decisions at times. Just own it, and do better next time around, deflecting is not an apology. Best of luck.
love you both
Can you colab with Doc Mona Please.
Your actions speak louder then your apology
I thought masks were for fluids though, like blood, in surgeries.
Coward!
Joke... you are a joke! I have been isolated for 7 months no fault of my own... i do not think that you are genuine. Sorry you lost me
I'm actually very disappointed of you :/ this apology actually is shit...I mean you are human, humans make mistakes but really this is shitty apology I've been quarantine all these months I barely go out for groceries, my health (physical and mental) are non existent now and you being a  medical doctor, being one of those person that from the beginning have been lecturing others about Covid and social distancing yet you don't do what you are preaching, I'm very very disappointed...
I'm disappointed. For someone who keep preaching about social distancing and wearing mask, he would rather destroy all his credentials than say no to his "friends".
Ppl are attacking him as if they have never made wrong choices in their lives. Humans will tend to make errors/poor choices. That's when we learn from the mistakes and errors made. Stop calling him a hypocrite when in reality all of us are hypocrites.
no I don't think some of us viewers are happy and healthy, I think its disappointed and healthy. you're a health care professional and yet you have an "explanation" and apology, sounds like excuses to me.
In times like this, you are a doctor, you should be likely to think more about the public...No surprise,Why more and more people are infected with "COVID" every day.
Get ratioed you hack.
Ha ha ha! What an arrogant white-collar young man. He "learned a lesson?"  He knew what he was doing. He just got caught. Now he's making excuses for himself. Let me guess.....he's a liberal Democrat, right? He doesn't even talk like a man.
"I'm young, I don't have health problems" is not an excuse. I'm just coming back from work seeing a 19y boy with covid and no comorbidities being intubated. His diagnosis was SARS CoV2 illness with Acute respiratory distress syndrome, septicemia with impending septic shock and acute kidney injury, metabolic acidosis with thrombocytopenia (his platelet count was 20k).   My aunt is 32yrs old with no comorbidities and she was tested positive three months ago. She was asymptomatic throughout but two weeks ago she was in the ICU with acute pancreatitis with Systemic Inflammatory response syndrome. She had one of the post covid sequelae. So don't give that excuse anymore.
Reasons and excuses, you KNEW better as you traveled to Florida.   Apologizing to stay monetized is your only choice.   Disappointed in you but will continue to follow.   You're a Dr,  Act like it.
I have even more respect for you. This video shows your true and genuine side. It takes alot for anyone to admit that they're wrong. This shows. Much respect Dr. Mike. ❤ We still love you lol
So incredibly disappointed in you. So I'm torn with what to do for my sub. I've trusted you as a resource for a long time and then you go party mid pandemic and decimate that respect. I don't care that you're young with no comorbidities. Your dad isn't young. The people those women meet after this party might not be young and might have comorbidities. You've been a terribly selfish and reckless person and you need to say that instead of attempt self justification. Also this needs to be on your main channel. Until you address this there, I think I'm going to disengage from your content.
Dr Mike apology video: Fail
We are all human. And unlike others, he is holding himself accountable.
No wonder he has a “clips” channel, because this was certainly not a *full* apology
Not the doctor not abiding by the covid rules lmao oh my god.......
Thank you for being humble enough to realize your mistakes and openly acknowledge them...and to change from there.
You’re allowed to enjoy yourself. I wish the culture wasn’t so goddamn obsessed with shaming and cancelling people. It’s fucking disgusting and toxic behavior.
"checked the guidelines, saw we were well below that" bruh, that guideline you show says 8 ADULTS MAXIMUM. There are at least fifteen people visible in the photo you posted, so get your lies straight
I’m really disappointed that you’re one of those ppl now, not using their own advice and putting people at risk. 😔   I hope you really apply what you’re learning from this and don’t end up endangering your patients. No hate, just sad.
Disappointed not entirely because you went and partied. I'm disappointed because you partied while you stand in the light and condemn others for their actions. I'm disappointed because your actions destroyed what ground you had to stand on when it came to combating the false ideas that are being presented in this pandemic, that we lost a professional voice of reason because now whenever you say anything, they are going to discredit you by bringing this up.   I still support you and I still have respect for you because one instance doesn't reflect your character and you have shown that your character overall is good. We do make mistakes. We are human. We learn and grow. Yes isolation blows so I can understand why you would take the risk. I trust and hope you'll be a better example, and understand the gravity of your actions due to the platform you have.
I'm sorry, but this apology just means nothing to me. The fact that he has been preaching social distancing for months and then refuses to do the same as hes been telling us to do is disgusting to me. I dont think hes a horrible person, just that hes a hypocrite who I can no longer respect. I will find another doctor on youtube that I can get medical facts from, I will no longer be subscribed to or watch this channel anymore. The content might have been good, but I cant take advice from someone that I no longer have any respect for.  I hope that the girls you decided to hang out with during a pandemic were worth the loss in respect a lot of fans had for you.
An apology undermined by calculated cowardice by posting in a lesser viewed channel thus assuring the more popular channel does not suffer an exodus of viewers. What kills you are the conspiracy crack pots using your example? FFS what should kill you is the victims that will be infected by numb nuts who emulate you.
makes sense considering you’re buddy buddy with chuck Schumer
Wow so ALL youtubers are douchebags, seriously all popular youtubers come out with some stupid apology video sooner or later.
As a doctor, who works with vulnerable population every day, who sees effects of covid-19 first hand and who tells all his viewers (and presumably patients) to practice social distancing and wear a mask, to party with 15 random people is just thoughtless and irresponsible. But posting an uncharitable "my bad" video on your secondary channel is simply contemptible.   If you want to recover a shred of your dignity, own up to your heedless decision, stop pretending that there was any forethought, stop blaming conspiracy theorists, and issue a real apology on your main channel.   You chose to become a public personality. You have to understand the responsibility and scrutiny that accompany publicity.
This is so shallow.
How disappointing, what a hypocritical argument
So while you were visiting you father (assuming hes at an at risk age), you go maskless with friends and went straight home to New York without seeing your father again? I doubt it. The boat capacity was 10. There were about 15 people in the photo and who knows how many that werent in the photo. You adjusted a woman's neck with your face covering under your nose. You post this video to your smaller channel and not your main channel. You claim to "not put anyone at risk" because you live alone and will be quarantining but what about all the patients that you cannot treat while youre at home? If you didnt get caught, would you have went right back to work? We are all very disappointed in you. Not for disregarding the protocol that you preach, but for knowing better and still doing it. We are disappointed in you because of the seemingly shady way youre going about responding and the disregard. We are disppointed because we thought you would be one of the ones to tough it out with us. But I guess you dont have to suffer because you cant turn down a surprise, huh?
u didn't do nothing
This apology would seem much more genuine if you posted it on your main channel.....
We all make mistakes. I take covid seriously and even tho I tried from the very beginning to be cautious there were times I was not as careful as I could and should have been. Thank God I don't have to worry about the whole world reacting wildly to everything I do and say. We all still love you here, Dr. Mike ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
ie, you know that the risk is low, get fucked, put this on your main channel
Well, this is disappointing.
I know everyone is pissed at him, and i understand why! But- I think we should give him another chance, because.. even though he may seem like the perfect human, who would do everything right- there arent any perfect humans, none. zilch. and yeah, this is kind of a crappy apology, but, shut up, he understands, he doesnt need millions of comments of the people who should be having his back in a tough time saying "oh youre a pissy human being." no, shut up. If you were caught doing something like this, I am almost *certain* you would try to defend yourself. Im by no means saying that this is right, or he is not a hypocrite. But we shouldnt ruin his career just because he screwed up once. He isnt the first person to do it, he will most definitely not be the last, but he can still help the world. and i swear, if ya'll push it beyond his point of tolerance, (yes you know exactly what i mean) then i dont even know anymore. anyways im just asking you guys to not be so ruthless to him. He fricked up, ok, everyone does. Hes a hypocrite, ok, everyone will be a hypocrite in their lives. And i know ya'll are gonna hit me with the "but not everyones a famous person with over 6 and a half million subs," so to those of you who will, is this not the first time youve seen him screw up in the years of him being that? Is he the first person who youve seen screw up with millions of subs. no? i thought so.  that will be all, thank you very much
We should all be able to decide if we want to wear a mask or not. The deaths aren’t even that high
“Wearing a mask is important” yeah and why does it say everywhere that masks only protect you from dust and little particles,not viruses,and why have a lot of people tested that breathing too much of your own CO2 during a long time is lethal?Do you think we’re stupid?Because we’re not,you may call us conpiracists,anti vaxx and anti masks and maybe some of us are but that doesn’t mean that “cience” is always right,and yeah this whole covid 19 situation has been planned for years,for people to get manipulated and for people to be scared,and the worst is still yet to come,we haven’t seen anything yet.And why are we going through stuff like this?Because humans are selfish and only care about power and money,why aren’t there any doctors saying “you should try being vegan for a while and see if that helps your situation,or certain type of disease(not super serious obviously) instead of promoting fucking antibiotics which might be useful one or two times but on a long term use actually make you stay in the same situation you are so you can always pay for your medications?Because all of this is propaganda,money and most importantly CONTROL.PERIOD
hypocrite
Mike I am sure you're stressed right now and tbh you made the same mistake a lot of people have made during the pandemic. You're human. I just wish you put this on your main because finding this video from a 2nd hand "YouTube Gossip" channel bummed me out. I forgive you and I hope you haven't spread this further. Please add this to your main too. Be up front.
4:27 if you truly wanted to be transparent you would have put this video on your proper channel instead of hiding it away in some corner!
Thank you for apologizing Dr. Mike, nobody's perfect ❤
I just unsubscribed
Everyone should unsubscribe from his big channel
Excuses, excuses. 🙄 That's what this entire video is.
The apology was fine. People just wanna hate.  He wears a mask 99.9% of time, and he gets hate after he weighed the risks.  He got surprised by a b'day party on a boat and masks don't work when wet. Most people who wear masks would have done the same thing. If your healthy and get tested religiously, would you really tell your friends, who booked a party of a boat, "no" and tell everybody to just go home?  No. You would not. Seriously, put yourself in his position.  I hate how everything in America is black and white with no context.  He's always said there is context to wearing a mask and you all pretend he never has.  Also, all you mask wearers (I am one to), can't honestly tell me you've 100% followed mask protocols.  Get your sticks out of your asses and be realistic. You're the real hypocrites. The only thing he's guilty for is not realizing that his fame puts him on an unrealistic pedestal for all the snowflakes out there.
Everyone like this so it goes trending. Everyone deserves to know about this. Sorry if that doesn’t really make sense.
"Hi, it's me Dr. Mike I admit I'm a phony."
“The reason I’m saying this is because..” You got caught. That’s why you’re saying this.
I’m dying laughing
I'm a healthcare worker, and I've barely seen some friends and family because of fear of getting them sick. Stop being a hypocrite, doctor. 🙄 Practice what you preach.
This is not a mistake... A mistake is forgetting to put the milk back in the fridge. So before coming on the boat or even when you were on it, you didn't even thought once that maybe it wasn't a good idea? In a pandemic? When in every single videos you've made so far you talked about the virus?
Don’t let these bottom feeders control you doctor
This is really disappointing. I literally showed a friend of mine a video of yours yesterday where you talk about the importance of wearing masks and socially distancing and calling out misinformation.   Today she told me about your little trip, and how you have your apology on some channel that I didn't even know existed. What's that about Doc? That doesn't seem very transparent or honest.  Your words mean nothing if your actions don't back it up
Sooooo.... why isn’t this in your main channel Dr.Mike?
You were caught with your mask down. I hate to pile on the angry or disappointed rhetoric, but this is grim, man. Everything that you said in this exact video were the things you've been saying for months that you already knew. At this point, seeing people in a particular social sphere, most often influencers and more often wealthy, defy these rules that have literally broken aspects of our society apart - weddings, funerals, parties, etc - and then offer up an apology after being caught and after they'd already preached about the importance of 'staying home' and 'social distancing' and 'masks' to their usually large audience is no longer disappointing to me as much as it is rage inducing. The Jenners, the Tanas, the Pauls, the wtf named twins, and so on, it's honestly maddening, and I'd imagine you'd be quick to comment on their selfishness and recklessness if it was one of them caught in this situation and it was brought to your attention. But this is up there with Chris Cuomo going off about masks and such only to be caught flailing about like a Karen because he refused to adopt the same thing he peddles to everyone else, and when you look at these situations with suspicion or conspiracy in your mind, you can't help but feel like you've been had in some way. Of course, we all know how serious this is, and I'd imagine we all know someone who's either been exposed or tested positive, while some have likely lost someone to this. Don't think about this as an impact to your words or to your profession; think about this from the point of view of those who are just as stressed as you are but lack the means to celebrate anything except dinner with their household. I'm not going to tell you to 'do better' because I'm not better than you, but maybe act in accordance with the betterment you've tried to instill in others.
Post this on your real channel. That is, if you're actually sorry. I get the sense you're not
Wow... I’m really disappointed. I really looked up to you. You deeply fucked up and you are defending your actions instead of apologizing. I truly hope this was a one time mistake.
I’m not even angry, I’m just sad now
We all screw up. However it was disappointing to see those photos. You can't tell everyone else to follow the rules and not do it yourself. You gotta live what you preach. I actually couldn't believe the photos when I seen them. You should probably address this on your main channel. You can't just act like nothing happened. You are a public figure.
Cut dr mike some slack here, he made a mistake and he’s trying to apologize for it. We should hold him accountable but he doesn’t need to be canceled. Cancel culture is so toxic and we need to let him apologize and we need to move on. People make mistakes, and doctors are people too.
If this pandemic was half as important to you as you have been claiming. You would have told your friends no. You would have left.  I question your views, if you friends thought this would be okay, how have you been acting offline??
1) why isn’t this on your main channel? 2) why aren’t you wearing a mask when you have people on your channel IN PERSON
This isn't an appropriate apology. As someone who had to work during a pandemic because my place was considered essential. I lost my respect for dr Mike.
Typical do as I say not as I do. I’m so sick of it from doctors, politicians...🤦🏻‍♀️
Don’t forget about the millions of people who continue to support you. Just a reminder that we appreciate all the work you do to help others! We are all still growing 💙
lol the science does not back up the use of masks..... the PCR test is being used to manipulate the numbers and the entire plandemic is not about a bloody virus..... if masks do work as you say provide the studies that prove they do! because the recent study done in Denmark does not prove they work at all. You are nothing but another puppet.
I need an apology, not justifications and only saying “ sorry “ when caught
I can't believe it. I am so dissapointed. I've been following you 2 years, thought you were a different person. I don't even know if your apologize its real or just to not lose followers. You didn't even put this on your main channel
You lost all credibility Sir. Why would people who are already skeptical of Covid-19 and the safety measures listen to you at all? This apology was not genuine in the least you posted it on your secondary channel which gets much less traffic and while trying to apologize downplayed your actions also you turned YOURSELF into anti-mask/safety propaganda.   This is not a "mistake" you CHOSE to travel out of state, you CHOSE to go to that party after your friends surprised you with it, and you CHOSE not to wear a mask. I haven't seen my Mother and Sister since Feb/March of 2020  because my Mother is at risk. What I wouldn't give to be able to see her in person and give her a hug, but I can't because people who are selfish such as yourself  are continuing to travel around and potentially get exposed or expose others.
I think the amount of good that Dr Mike has done greatly overshadows this hypocritical decision. So you have my forgiveness! 🙂
This is literally not an apology. It's just a list of reasons why it's fine for him to do the things that the rest of us aren't supposed to. It's also full of lies. He was not within CDC guidelines, there were at least 14 people and they were not social distancing. The videos prove that. And not only is this a horrible "apology" it's not even posted to his regular channel, presumably to keep even more people from knowing about it. I didn't even know this channel existed. He clearly doesn't think he did anything wrong and is only saying something (on a tiny second channel) because he got caught. His subreddit has been talking about this for weeks and he's only addressing it now because more people found out. He should be ashamed. Unsubscribed and lots of respect lost.
He should've uploaded it to his primary channel instead, I deadass didn't know he even had a second channel until other people started talking about him.  *What the fu*ck*
Oh my god these comments are so ridiculous. Doctor Mike you have absolutely NOTHING to apologize for. God forbid you want to have a fun birthday celebration and live your life. What a crazy fucking world we are living in right now where it’s frowned upon to be a normal human and have fun and be social. This is absolutely fucking ridiculous. We should not be putting our lives on hold for a virus with such a laughably small death rate.  You’re fine Mike. Ignore the psychos in this comment section.
I feel like a disappointed father...Practice what you preach and strive to be better than this, Mike.
Masks do work- to some degree. if they worked that well, COVID-19 would be over by now.
one thing I'll say Dr. Mike is that you do seem to underestimate the intelligence of your viewers; your viewers are a lot smarter than I think you give them credit for and some are even a lot smarter than you
I just knew this today. why would you post this on your second channel? are you to embarrassed to post it on your main? that really dissapointed me.
The only dr mike vid I dislike c'mon do better
This is a great example of just because it was "okay" / "by the books" doesn't mean it was the right thing to do..
I am a Canadian medical student studying in Europe. Haven't been able to see my family since last winter break. I get it, it sucks to be away and alone. People make mistakes and you did too. But if you're going to make an apology video, at least be genuine?
"Let he who is without sin cast the first stone." ~ Jesus Christ  You are right to be ashamed. You are in a position that means you are held to the highest standard. This is real.  However, 100% adherence to guidelines is rarely a realistic expectation and thankfully 90% adherence in a pandemic is still effective enough to avoid a resurgence.  You put pleasure and peer-pressure above pure reason and responsibility. This is something every one of us do each and every day to some degree. The difference is we're not all in the public eye and we're not all in a position to lead on this issue so this was absolutely silly and regrettable and it could have been so much worse - imagine if you and your friends had caught COVID. You also didn't factor your personal position in to your individual risk assessment.  But you know that, you're asking for forgiveness, and I as a Christian sinner am happy to forgive you because I personally wouldn't care to be under such scrutiny regarding my own decisions.  If you want my advice, take a break from social media, recollect yourself, focus on your work, and other than being honest when asked, let it sit a while before you make another official statement if you even do. If you do, put it on your main channel though - you're receiving some criticism for that and it's not entirely unfair but hey, you're not perfect and neither is anyone else. You're wise beyond your years but you're still a very young man. This will pass and you will grow stronger and wiser. And may God have mercy on anyone who wants to point fingers at you as if they're 100% perfect. Refocus. You're a sound fella.
Yeah, I’m in an enforced lockdown, can’t work, can’t workout, and my mental health is destroyed... but we’re all in this together, right? As you’re partying on a people-packed boat lol
weak dude.
Y’all’s level of hostility in this comment section is ridiculous.  Look, just because he’s a doctor and a public figure doesn’t mean he has no weaknesses. If this were any of my friends I would give them hell for being stupid but I still wouldn’t doubt the legitimacy of their past and future actions to fight COVID 19. One instance doesn’t define the whole person. In the grand scheme of things, he has spread lots of awareness and information about how to protect ourselves and still live life. And his reasons were valid ones, just not the best choice for this situation. Lets just let him learn without berating him. He already understands what he did wrong. His past actions and character speak for themselves.
And you’re so hot! 🥵🔥
Mike, if you're behind controversy and need to address it, at the very *_least_* do it the correct way and upload it to your *_main channel_* with 6 million subscribers.   Apologizing here, your lesser known second channel with 100x less subs, just goes to show that you were trying to cover it up like it was nothing, and worst case scenario get the least backlash possible  Even if you did quarantine for 2 weeks, you shouldn't have gone to the party in the first place, did something virtually for crying out loud.   You _knew_ it was the wrong thing to do, considering you're a DOCTOR, where you said in July to wear a mask if you went in public. You said social distancing was INCREDIBLY important in a _YouTube interview with Dr. Fauci!_  All I can say? You're slipping, Mikhail Varshavski. People are dying, while you went partying. "I can't promise that I won't do it again" is not enough. This means you aren't sorry because you mean it. You're only sorry because you got caught.
We get that he made a mistake, a very big mistake but he’s human. He knows what he’s done is wrong. He literally made a video to say how sorry he is. You guys are roasting him in the comments for something he knows  he wasn’t meant to do.
All you have to say is literally: I was wrong and my behavior was unacceptable. I was impulsive and I’ll take steps to ensure it never happens again.
You’d be lucky to only catch Corona with the Thots you were partying with on that boat. If you wanna be a doctor be a doctor if you’re more concerned about being an online public influencer then do that. You let that get in the way of you thinking straight and showed your true colors.
Oh who the heck cares. He’s just some random guy. He’s a hot, young, rich, Doctor who only dates supermodels, that’s it. Shouldn’t be that surprising that he’s not a saint. Also calm tf down. We are living under a horrific, topsy turvey time. Judging people from making these “mistakes”, which at any other time would just be people living their lives, is useless and hypocritical cuz I can guarantee you, you’ve not behaved perfectly during this pandemic either. Just... relax.
Absolutely disgusted at your behavior. I have been following your channel and sharing your Covid videos on Facebook since you first started. I suffered for 21 days in July and constantly preach about my experience to warn others. FLORIDA is a national HOT SPOT!!! I am not into the whole "cancel culture", BUT I am done with you and your channel. Now you just come across as a smug upper crust rich kid doctor who only wants to be a celebrity. I'm tapping out.
Can’t wait for see your apology for the ignorant comments you made on defancos podcast 🤩
Ok, everyone that is coming at Dr Mike hard over this mistake, seriously needs to take a step back and remember that he is human just like you. Dr Mike you made a judgement call that turned out to be wrong in the end, and you are apologizing for it, But please remember all the good you do and the positive message you spread, please do not let mob mentality bring you down, you have said your peace and now people should move on.  Sending much love and cyber hugs from Liverpool UK  x
Yo this comment section is pretty unforgiving about that boot tour xDDD it s interesting how a community can turn on someone who has literally done nothing but good for the past years, educating people on so many fronts, treating/curing patients donating to charity so many times( and make some money in the process xD I get it he is no Jesus but it s still facts) And it s not like he isn't also apologizing and promising better behavior in the future.. like what do you want him to do more?? I get the request for this vid to be on the main channel, but some comments are just so self righteous and entitled. You simply don't judge a person by one single action if you have any sense especially not by 1 mistake..  Well I wouldn't like to get axed after one mistake maybe you too but maybe that's just me tho
People need to take a chill pill and open their eyes. The situation is clear. Go live your life, strengthen your immune system, keep proper hygiene and just live. We are home of a lot of viruses and bacteria, a lot with great potential to kill and this one is just one of many. Life was, is and forever will be a series of risks. Now we are simply living in a huge game of Go. In a few months, based on what liberties we'll still have, we'll know who has won... And people saying he is a disappointment or other things, he is human, he is a doctor, he is a youtuber, and he is vain. We knew all those things about him, so why are we all acting so surprised and outraged? Overworked humans make mistakes.
This should be on your MAIN account.
☠️☠️☠️~ Dude I don’t even know how I am providing my children Christmas (you know been out of wrk since feb due to Covid)  but, hey party it up... Eff Covid 🥱🤦‍♀️
Dude, you have intimate patient contact every day you're at work so no your "individual risk" was a bullshit call. You should know better, and let's be honest you do, you chose to ignore that and put others lives at risk. That sir, is a dickhead move.
I guess he's becoming a celeb bc that's one hell of a half assed "i got caught" celeb apology
Yikes, total hypocrite. Just lost all my respect for this guy
You should really have posted a longer video on your more popular main channel.
everyone: there's a pandemic,a lot of people are in danger, many are dying, so you must maintain social distance to save lives and not party with bikini hoes on a boat dr mike: ✨😍party with bikini hoes on a boat😍✨
I saw the boat photo and thought "why is someone using a year old photo to make Dr Mike look bad?" I wish I hadn't looked into it.
If youre genuinely admitting youre wrong, post this on your main channel so all of your followers will know what youve done and like you said “learn from this experience” I looked up to you for so long. I followed everything you said about the protocols. This is disheartening and thr fact that youre not even posting this on your bigger channel makes it look half-assed. Dont be a coward. You already messed up. Own it
This is insincere, and put on the channel that most people don’t even know about. You’re telling me all the women hanging on you in that group pic we’re taking personal responsibility too, that all the other people there were going to quarantine and not risk anyone else’s health? You can say that’s not your responsibility, but you’re the one that allowed the gathering to happen with zero Covid restrictions. Has it not been proven that people have died from Covid who were “low risk”? I just think someone who gets wealth from being a cute doc that looks good in an interview might try to be a better example.
Yeah just stop watching this guy, don't give him your time and attention if this has irritated  you.  The best course of action is to reduce risk at every possibility you can.  Fine he went to visit his father, do JUST that, so his friend's surprised him with a ridiculous boat party, tell tham thank you so much but we should not have it due to pandemic which is still killing people, apologies for the inconvenience caused... and be happy with not being classed as a hypocritical idiot and not risking others.  Even if he quarantined and took tests, he put himself and others at risk for a birthday party, nothing that can't wait until we are clear of this pandemic. Some of us haven't had a simple dinner with our loved ones in a very long time and this guy is yachting it
I am not even watching this on your channel, because you don't deserve the views.  Why not post it to your main channel coward?  Beyond that, your apology sounds so fake and your "logical thinking process" couldn't have been more flawed.  You should be ashamed for having such a following and preaching such a healthy message and then choosing to not be a leader
Absolutely no one:   This apology: chest compressions, chest compressions, chest compressions.   :) dude just say you wanted to hang with your mates and for that moment in time you didn’t want to worry about all the things and just have fun.
Why is this not on your main channel? Scared of having been caught and you want those $$$$$$$ right? Idiot
As everything has already been said all I can say is that I'm very suprised and disappointed.  I beg of you not to do something like this again as it'll put the people you hang out with in harms way, your patients in harms way, your co-workers in harms way, the public in harms way, and yourself in harms way. Times are tough and social outings are tempting, but we all have to reist and do our part for the greater good.
Dr mike was one of my biggest role model , he is cancel now
People make mistakes following their choices. Admitting it takes a lot, so I think before judging someone, we should ask ourselfs didn't we made mistakes -based on our choices of course. Forgiveness is a great gift, learn to give.
May I just say. There were other people there. It is not just his fault. Yes he is in the wrong but all the hate shouldn't fall on his shoulders.
You fucked up. However, that doesn’t really matter that much to me in the big scheme of things. You’re an influencer, not a politician or teacher. Your reach is the people who choose on their own volition to listen to you, and I’m guessing that most did it because you give sound advice. You base your videos on science, and distance yourself from conspiracy and shaming (apart from Mr. Orange, but rly, that doesn’t count.) And those qualities are rarities in the online world, so I will continue to follow your advice 👍🏻 I repeat, your advice is not any less sound just because you dropped the ball and didn’t listen to your own wise words. Have a nice day, Doctor. I hope this storm blows over soon, and you and yours all come out of the pandemic all right.
You are disgustingly hypocritical and this so-called apology is nothing but you defending your irresponsible actions.
Why isn’t this on your main channel?  It’s sad that you ended up being just another person who preaches to the masses to stay home and wear a mask but you don’t follow your own advise. You’re no better than all these politicians who are doing the same thing (making rules but not following them).  Personally, I don’t think your boat party was a big deal. I think people should go out and live their lives, but you guilt so many people on your main channel not to do the exact same thing you just did. I don’t care what your excuse is, you’re a hypocrite.
Honestly you guys we all mess up once in a while stop acting like you're all saints.
Put this on your main channel. Then maybe it can be considered a real apology.
A picture says a thousand words and that picture doesn’t match up with anything you’re saying. I’d rather you have been honest and just taken the heat for all of the COVID guidelines you flounced. You didn’t social distance, you had more than 10 people in a gathering, no one wore masks, and regardless of your risk level, you put others at risk when you travel. How did you get back to NY? Did you see your dad after that party? C’mon man. P.S. this video should be on your channel with 6.4 MILLION subscribers- not your 64k one. Just... upsetting.
i am sry I get caught:)
It is always good to see someone step up and say "I was wrong, I'm sorry." I recently saw a picture of a doctor consoling an elderly COVID19 patient, who was crying. He was trying to leave because he just wanted to see his wife. We are all human. To err is human Dr. Mike. For most of us, anti-social is not our nature, it's just a new reality we are all trying to cope with. Just like you. Respect.
I lost my respect for him
Did he indirectly kill someone? Or am I just not getting the memo
Thank you Dr. Mike, for showing the world that, as a doctor, you’re actually not that worried about this plandamic & that we should get back to normal!
So part of admitting you're wrong would entail you posting this apology video on your main channel and your IG. I didn't even know you had a second channel until I watched another video of someone talking about this incident. Come on man. I am so disappointed. But as usual seeing as you're a rich white dude, not entirely surprised.
y’all are so soft on god
Big oof docter, big oof
Fake.
Excuse excuse excuse excuse. Why isn’t this on your main channel?!?
Why isn’t this on your main channel? I’m disappointed in you Dr Mike. You seemed like one of the smart ones. My family, that lives in the same household, didn’t even have a thanksgiving because my sister is positive for covid and she has been selfless enough to not leave her corner of the house for the last 8 days to quarantine and to protect others. She’s going crazy in there but she knows how dangerous it is. Do better. Please.
I can't even explain how upset this makes me. I've been in quarantine with my 80 year old nan and vulnerable asthmatic sister for something like 9 months now and a doctor isn't even trying to keep the vulnerable safe. I wouldn't have even known about this if I didn't follow a channel (Observe) who mentioned him. Even then I had to search through the comments to find out he had a second channel. Shame on you, seriously
What the hell happened to you!?
I kinda have another party coming up so.."Can't promise that I won't make another mistake again"
I’ve seen these types of  comments deleted a couple times: rules for thee not for me.
First you did a bad thing. A really, really bad thing. Then you only addressed it and tried to rectify it when the truth came out. Then you tried to mollify people but also not take full responsibility. Then you tried to sweep it under the rug. Then you lied in your apology (NOT 10 people. Are you joking??).
In this time of such mistrust this is sad
so disappointing 😭😭😭😭
Are you friends with Tana? And why are you not posting this on your main channel?
In these crazy, sensitive times it is important to prioritize necessity over desire. For the sake of the health and wellbeing of our communities. People have died and suffered tremendously financially, physically, and mentally because of negligence and unconcern. Going to a boat party wasn't a priority. It didnt have to happen. It was negligent on your part, and an awful look for somebody with your following.
Hypocrite
you are dancing on the graves of the people that killed themselves during this pandemic, but you obviously dont care because you are a narcissist or a sociopath.
I spent my 30th birthday alone in my apartment with my boyfriend. No family and no friends. You go to Miami living your best life in the middle of pandemic while preaching being responsible and to think about the health workers. Nice one Mike.
Just seems like this video (on the second channel, not the main) only exists because he got caught. Disappointed.
Why do people care so much about this? Ffs
I’m not mad I’m just disappointed
Cancelled and making a scene because of one party. He messed up once. He apologized. As long as he doesn’t do it again he’s fine.
As someone who kept guidelines and still ended up with Covid and only got an oximeter on my birthday I am very disappointed.
The hypocrisy of it all.  The nerve to say “this is an apology to all those that support on this channel” and the audacity to post this on this smaller channel!  Disappointment all around
Well i mean he didnt do good.  But everybody is overreacting here.  He said he'd have to undergo a testing procedure after getting back. If thats true and he catched covid19 he would have bin in quarenteen. Also he lives alone so its not too bad.  I get it that someone who has his reach should be a role model, but for real - no one is perfekt!  There are only a few who lock them up for a year without going out and meeting a friend . . .
Good job Doc your now less credible. Please put this on your main youtube channel.
You know we can see the pictures and videos right? We can see how many people you were with? You know that we remember your spokesperson’s first statement about only taking the mask off when you went into the water? This apology is worse than no apology. It’s insulting the intelligence of the people you rely on for your fame and fortune. You’re a disgrace.
Thanks for being honest Doctor Mike. I understand that you along with the rest of us aren't perfect. Kudos to you for being honest about what happened. You are a doctor but above all else you are also a human being. I'll continue to support you. Much love 💙
Really doc?  As was pointed out previously, the only thing you're sorry about is getting caught.   Just another YT mea culpa by a vlogger desperate not to lose subs.  If you thought you looked and sounded sincere....you were wrong
Really looked up to you..I thought you’d be better:/ I’ve been here since 2018 and it’s disappointing to see that. I’m glad you acknowledged that and I REALLY hope it’s a sincere apology. I just feel bad for the people you put in danger.
He made a mistake that apparently had little to none impact on anyone's safety and that millions of people make but because he is famous you say that he is a monster and horrible things to him... Now calm down, he is human, he is allowed to make mistake as much as everyone else if he learn from them and it seems like he has
dammm i wish dr mike could have made the apology of "i was consciously senseless and selfish" and learn from that in the context of this pandemic, instead of "i thought it would be ok even tho i tell ppl its not"
Kind of surprised they are not deleting all the negative comments haha!
Surprised Gavin Newsom wasn’t on that boat with you. It’s ok for me, but not for thee. Got it.
The fact that this vid is not posted his main account is also disappointing. Good luck getting people's trust again.
Also, far more importantly that anything else!! I get that you are upset that people you "trust" or people that are in higher ranks like politicians etc. don't follow the rules themselves, but don't turn that into making the same mistakes and disregard the rules.  Just because other people don't follow the rules, try to stay strong! Try to do what you know is right. Not just for yourself, but for others. For humanity. Have faith and trust in yourself. Love yourself ❤
bruh. I respected you, dude... now post it on your actual channel, were people will see it.
He thought "let me put on my glasses to appear smarter and more sympathetic" lol.  This was really stupid. I get that people make mistakes, but you have to realize that if you are such a huge influencer (in the medical field of all fields!!) you have to be cautious of your actions, whatever that's fair or not.  Especially if you try to "sell" something but not follow the rules yourself.  Anyway, I hope more than anything that some people can learn to not follow influencers blindly!! You can enjoy their content, but don't believe in everything they say.
“Maximum 10 on the boat” in the pictures there are about 15 people on that boat.  “Followed guidelines” yeah that picture of you and those people on the boat not wearing masks and touching each other. Or the video of you giving that girl a massage ‘wearing a mask’ incorrectly  Or maybe the fact that you put this apology on your channel that has slightly over 1/100 of your subscribers as to not draw the attention of those who don’t know what you did   Because you’re scared. And a big hypocrite.
You have allowed your friends to twist your mind, until now... until now you've become the very thing you swore to destroy.  You were the chosen one! It was said that you would destroy the anti-masks, not join them! Bring balance to the science, not leave it in darkness! You were the best doctor, Dr. Mike! I loved you!
U should have just uploaded this on your main channel and well Idky u would lie about the people limit and 6-feet distance thing   Man I don't hate u but its sad to see that even u fucked up like this, just see all the hate you are getting now.  I m just disappointed, idk what else to say U have done a lot of good things but ur one big mistake can easily overshadow those good things, specially in the internet.  Hopefully u learn from this properly, get better and get ur lost support back.
Im so disappointed 😞
*goes to unsubscribe but notices this video isn’t even posted on the channel that’s subscribed to*
Why isn't this on your main channel?
Why isn't this on your main channel?
BUt gUys hIs FrIEND gOt hIm a BOAt hoW cOuLd he SaY nO??!?!???!
Mmm sorry don’t accept this apology. My grandma is in the hospital with COVID pneumonia. Don’t care about how your father or family bout you a boat. You did mess up. You need to stay home.
I'm glad your stepping up and admitting to your mistakes but is it because you want to or is it cause of recent attacks from next news network putting pressure on you? Also your a doctor your putting patients lives at risk all the time so that is not a validated excuse sorry .
Why is this on your smaller channel? We are all human, we make mistakes but this was a multi step conscious choice. Hope you learn with humility and grace
And here I thought doctors were supposed to be smart. Like, I have literally diagnose worthy levels of missing impulse control and even I managed to not hop on a boat full of bimbos. (My apologies to those ladies, they are probably all very accomplished scientists, artists and entrepreneurs) dude's a fucking disgrace.
I can see that I'm in a minority, so I feel it's important to be that different voice.  If you followed proper safety guidelines, i don't see this as an unforgivable mistake. Or a mistake at all, really. It's unrealistic for anyone to never see anyone else socially.  Second, we're not going to get back to normal for quite a while, because there are so many bad actors, intentional or otherwise. As such, again it's unrealistic to expect anyone to be perfect.  Third, you ultimately cannot stop people who intentionally want to use you or your mistakes as ammunition for their conspiracies or misinformation. There isn't any way to completely inoculate yourself from it.
Post this on your main channel, if you're genuine about righting the wrong. This isn't a tiny mistake. This is a HUGE screw up that's going to cost many lives, and many more their long term health.
Of course, he apologizes after he gets caught. What a hypocrite.
In all honesty Dr I still like you. Yes it’s a pandemic or at least that’s how it’s labeled, but you took the proper quarantine protocol and the people you were with chose to do the same. Y’all are adults if you wish to be together then do so, and follow the quarantine protocol afterwards for the sake of those you make contact with later on. I still will watch your content. You’re human and everyone makes choices that they assume is right or at least justifiable until someone somewhere critiques them.
OK.... it's a start Doc... but it looked an awfull lot like you were trying to justify your choice... and putting this "im so sorry" vid on your secondary channel where the reach is muchhhhh lower, isn't helping this look like a meant  apology. More like : lets say it quick and hope they forget soon. well...we don't. Hope you learned a lesson here.
Damage control on a different account his followers won't see. hahahahahahahahahaha
This should be on your main channel, the one you are known for.  Not cool putting it on the leser viewed channel. Were any of those people tested before or after for Covid?  What is the follow up to make sure you guys aren't part of the problem. 15 people in a picture, who knows how many were behind the camera.
Your only human and you are still golden in my book. Remember the sun is shining on top of the clouds some days.   Then underneath the clouds others, but no matter what it still comes out to shine.  Smile.
You're a hypocrite, sir.
Dr. Mike, I am a nursing student. I love your videos and they help me to get through nursing school. But currently, I am so disappointed with the situation. As someone in the medical field, I understand where you are coming from with the CDC guidelines you mentioned in the video, however, as you can tell from the group picture (and more) there's a lot of instances where people, including yourself, were exposed to one another during your party. Next time, please follow your own advice. I'm not mad at the situation nor do I like cancel culture; I am simply just disappointed.
The glasses
I'm not wearing a mask anymore. Let's go full unga bunga with this thing.
Wow apologies 🙄
No I'm sorry.. Stop cancelling people for living their lives. Covid is serious. Duh. But us healthcare workers are EXHAUSTED. We are alone. Wow, sorry he had one sliver of normalcy - and tried to be SAFE about it. Stop cancelling people. We need to worry about OURSELVES, and the RISKS WE are willing to take. Give it up people
I don’t care what his excuse is or if he quarantined and tested when he got back (do u honestly believe the other people there too also quarantined and got tested afterwards), he’s chosen to make Youtube channel and is therefore in the public eye. Being not only in the public but a PRACTICING DOCTOR, he has the power to influence people. With so many conspiracies, people refusing to take the virus serious, cases and deaths, he shouldn’t have gone and partied. He’s only fueling bad behavior. It was ignorant, reckless, and selfish. I’m fed up with celebrities and influencers refusing to think about others and partying, meanwhile lecturing everyone else and facing absolutely no consequences for their actions.
Funny how you didn't post this apology onto your larger channel lol
Watch Ian Kungs latest video
why are you not posting this on your main channel
All I have to say is NOBODY IS PERFECT and everyone makes mistakes.
He is a doctor but yes he is also human. He made a mistake like every single one of here in comments have made. Ya'll are hypocrites for saying that he dissapointed you with his actions. Yes im dissapointed but let's move on...
You’re a person just like the rest of us and make mistakes just like everyone else. A lapse in judgment doesn’t cancel out all the good you do. Still love you, Doctor Mike. 💙
dr mike's apology summed up: "i'm sorry YOU feel this way, and now i know to not get caught"
Never knew he’s had another channel until i type in dr mike and a dr mike apologize shows up in search bar or another YouTuber posted about it. 😮😂
Hypocrite.
Sounds like a cop out to me.
I feel betrayed. I have always looked up to you ever since I found your channel. This is truly disappointing.
thanks, hypocrite.
Dr. Mike made it onto a Buzzfeed list today of celebs that think Covid rules dont apply to them. Hes on there with Kardashians, Lil Wayne and a bunch of other YouTube losers. Way to go Dr Mike! 🙄
Doctor Mike:  until you really understand why what you did was wrong, beyond what the CDC recommends, you will not be able to over come this and come out the other side with any real understanding.  I hope you can embrace that in a deeper way than you have shown to have had here.  Optics can be more important than actions/words. Your reputation is everything!  In my opinion, maturity, modesty and transparency are needed here.  There are no excuses. If you wish to be a leader, you need to hold yourself to a higher standard.
Ummmm why are comments being deleted? You messed up!
I have a lot of respect for Dr. Mike. Generally over the past months he (and many other professionals in the public sphere) have spread a lot of crucial information about the pandemic. This is incredibly disappointing, and to be honest the qualifiers he throws into this apology make it feel a lot less genuine. He screwed up, now he needs to do everything he can to own up to it. I also think an apology really needs to be on his main channel and I sincerely home one is in the works for that since it will reach a bigger audience likely.  That being said, personally I dont think Dr. Mike deserves to get cancelled for this. While this incident sucks and was a clear oversight on his part, I dont think it overshadows the great work he has done to educate his followers about Covid. This act of hypocrisy is a crack in his credibility, but I hope he can really own up to it and never, never let it happen again. While this is a serious mistake on his part (and everyone else who was there by the by) I still think Dr. Mike is a net positive to the general public's pandemic education
I think we are really used to crying when someone makes an apology video without crying. We start to doubt it. I honestly don't care much about him and his life, but his advice is good to follow. if u get disappointed because of what he did, fine. does not change the fact that we are on pandemic and we have to take care of our own health. what he does, and mess up doesn't change anything, hate him all u want, but just keep following the protocol all u can. we all here try to prevent the pandemic from getting worse. it's not his job, or the government job. it's our job, your job and my job,
Omg he‘s human ... I don’t think that really everyone does it perfect...
LMAO if those pics weren't out you'd probably be uploading videos saying STAY HOME, WEAR A MASK 🤣
Im honestly very disapointed. I am a young viewer that used to look up to you but this is very upsetting to me. I used to tell people to watch your channel for the real news and to be more careful only to see you party in florida. Also you mentioned that you went to visit your father but then told us to avoid non essential travel. You could possibly given Covid to your father but then saying that your low risk. You see patients that are high risk. Its not about you being low risk its the fact that you are not protecting those that are not low risk. You critisized people for doing the same thing that you just did. I and among many other followers are at a loss of words for how betrayed we feel by you doing this. You have made a bad choice that you thought through not a mistake. There were plenty of ways for you to have a fun birthday and stay safe like the rest of us did.
It’s the hypocrisy for me
Dr Mike: STAY HOME Also Dr Mike: Anyway I started partying
Hypocrisis at his finest! This apology video ain't one at all, it's a joke of an excuse laced with crappy reasons to defend yourself and look like the victim! There is no honesty in this video, you hid it in a small subsidiary channel hoping the less people would found out, you have NOT learn your lesson neither recognize your mistake! Your behavior, from such a stand as yours as been for this entire pandemic, disgust me! I looked up to you but now you've slipped down to the level of those others countless braindead influencers and their ''do as i preach but not as i do''.
This is honestly so disappointing and hypocritical. I lost my aunt to cancer during this pandemic, couldn’t see her or go to her funeral. A friend of mine lost his little brother, on his birthday, couldn’t be there to support him. All the people who have lost loved haven’t been able to say their proper goodbyes, and you, a doctor, who has been nonstop telling us to wear a mask and stay home, decided to do this, you’ve said it’s not about your personal risk, but other people’s health, you’re a doctor you’ve possibly endangered so many people.
Why is this not posted on the main channel tho? Also, aren't you seeing patients?
Are you not ashamed of yourself? Are you not embarraaaassed? This is really embarraaaaassing.
Don’t apologize for living your life. Apologize for telling other people not to live theirs while you live yours.
I got half way through and I heard enough. You didn't follow your own advice. You thought "me" instead of "we".  Even in posting this, you put it on your clips channel and not your main channel and it feels like you're trying to fly under the radar. I saw the photo on Buzzfeed. Nothing about that was low risk. I didn't go to my niece's first birthday party with half the people because it was too many adults from multiple households... yet you did this. Try apologizing again without excuses and put it on your main channel.
i love this logic. "hey arent you that vegan youtuber?" "yeah" "the one that always preaches to their audience on how to substitute products and cracks down on the animal industry and spreads petitions and participates in protests and all that?" "yeah why?" "why is there an article with this very recent pic of you eating a four course dinner with a bunch of animal products in them?" "well eating vegan all the time is kinda hard because its not really good and im actually struggling with it, so my friend surprised me with this non-vegan five course dinner for me. and i was super excited but also, like, a little hesitant because theres this thing with animal exploitation that im tryna avoid" "yeah i heard about it from your channel" "and so i looked up the risk of me contributing to this thing and really it wasnt, like, that high so it felt ok" "but... youre trying to avoid animal exploitation and knew that by doing what you chose to do, there would still be a pretty high risk compared to doing the thing that would almost guarantee that there was no risk, which is not eating the food" "but its all individual bro, you cant generalize everyone like that" "but no matter what situation people are in, the choice you made almost always put them at risk. also youve been preaching for people to do this very specific thing and now its all of a sudden not that black and white?" "well risk is a spectrum bro. you cant always be perfect" "so because you cant be perfect, you can choose the option that has a much higher likeliness of causing the thing youre trying to prevent?" "look, im gonna do so much better from now on. gonna be following all the protocols bro" "everyone thought you were already doing that" "but i didnt realize being an influencer meant that you influence people! like, me doing this can actually harm the movement and the message that animal rights are important" "yeah because you just preached them and then totally ignored them for your own selfishness" "but i take it super duper seriously bro. i eat vegan when im att home. i eat vegan when im not at home. i eat vegan when im in someone elses home-" "you telling me how much you eat vegan really just make me suspicious that youre not doing it as much as everyone thinks" "the real harm here is conspiracy theorists spreading lies and making us look like animal rights are not important" "you just did something to prove their point" "it feels like im being used to spread a message that i totally just dont stand for" "but.... its just a picture of you doing what you chose to do" "anyways this taught me that my actions actually impact people and maybe i shouldnt just think about what im preaching as just statistics or something. like i realized that i need to do more than just think about it and, like, do something about it as well" "so what are you gonna do about it now?" "well maybe i should post a video called 'working through the time i made a mistake' or something like that" "ok, kinda seems like youre trying to garner unwarranted sympathy or something but ok. at least your audience can see it and make up their own minds abou-" "oh no im not gonna post it on my main channel where all my subscribers can see my hypocrisy lmao, imma post it on this random other channel that like nobody knows of and has like 1% of the amount of subscribers my actual channel has. dont want this to get out but still wanna be able to say that i adressed it and apologized lol"
Did he get caught on this boat? Is that why he’s apologizing?
2:41 - 2:53 well you threw gasoline into their fire consciously, so you can't be THAT shocked
Guy is googling boating during a pandemic when he shouldn't have been in Florida in the first place. He's apologizing for what he did on a trip; it's the trip itself that's the problem. So he hasn't really learned anything at all.
at the end a person that is shallow, well the shallowness comes up!.
With all due respect Dr Mike.... as a fellow healthcare worker I say to you...F*CK YOUR "APOLOGY". That pretty much sums it up. 😊🖕
For all the people in the comments, sure, he messed up big time and he did put so many people at risk while doing so. But at the same time, everyone makes mistakes and mistakes were made so why tf are we mad? Like, it’s already done? He won’t read those comments and think “oh shiiii I did wrong” he already knows that he did wrong. People are sooo in this guys business
I find the psychology interesting as the relationship between the media and the audience.  His videos are  scripted and edited, all dressed in scrubs or a shirt. When talking serious topics he wears glasses. Always happy and bouncy. It’s not real life. Basically people are trusting  and liking someone who they don’t know. They do something in their ‘real life’ that doesn’t match up with their  ‘screen life’ and people feel betrayed and shocked. Just an observation.
LMAOOOOOOOO THIS BS IS OVER ME AT THIS POINT, EVERYONE GO FUCKING BREATH AIR
One of the girls he was on the boat with was partying at a club in her insta stories a week or two ago.. but please tell me more about how everyone you were with was following guidelines🙄
Lmaoooo posts it on a channel no one knows about
2:19 clearly you do. That's why you went on a boat, in another state, and partied violating CDC guidelines. Because you "take it very seriously". Give me a break
Why are y’all sweating a doctor? Mans deserves a vacay.
I normally don't comment on videos, but I feel the need to say something: I think as a public figure, not only in the USA but even worldwide (I am from Germany), you are upheld to a higher standard than most people. Maybe you messed up, but the fact that you apologize for it, follow proper protocol and explain the situation is very important. I think it is wrong to judge people by one mistake. We are all human and everybody makes mistakes. But as long as you apologize and strive to be better in the future, a mistake should be seen in the context of all the things a person has done. You are one of the best medical educators I know, you support science and a respectful attitude to all people, even if you do not support their beliefs or messages. Oftentimes, people want their idols to be perfect. But let's face it, nobody is perfect and everyone makes mistakes. But people are quick with their accusations of hypocrisy and do not even think about their own mistakes.  As far as I am concerned, you did the right thing, explained the situation, and apologized. Everybody should do the same. And a single mistake will not taint your message and standing.  Keep safe!
Man you're gonna have to do tons of right things from this day forward to make up to this one "mistake", Dr.Mike, because this video is a terrible apology I must say :< I believe in your genuine and look up to you man, but this time I feel disappointed because you failed to refuse that "surprised party" in the middle of covid-19...  Take care of yourself, hope you have strength to go through this!
Did he delete this from his official channel?
well... I'm very disappointed :(
This is how you do an apology. Mistakes happen you’re human and I respect you owning up to it in a mature way.
Your acting is HORRIDENDOUS by the way. Such a phony
How did this "accidentally" end up on your junk drawer channel?
He fails to realize that no one would be so harsh on him if he wasn't one of those shouting about mask and social distancing. "rules for thee, not for me."   I'm not upset, I'm just disappointed.  This just pushes me to believe that this is all a hoax,  he made so much money off this pandemic with all of his videos and guest spots on fake news media.
Mike this is disgusting. You have been saying since day 1 how important everything about prevention is. I used your videos to convince my idiot roommate in college that this pandemic was real before my school was shut down. I lived in the idea you were doing right cause you were a doctor. Not only is this not a “mistake” it’s also pathetic. There’s no excuse to party during this pandemic. None. What you did was whole heartedly selfish and immature. You did this knowing it was wrong, that’s not a “whoops sorry” accident. This is entirely self centered.  I’m chronically ill. Wanna know how many times I’ve left my house since my college shut down? 5. My college shut down in March and I have physical left my house since then 5 times. Birthdays aren’t an excuse, your friends planning it isn’t an excuse, you were stressed out and going stir crazy isn’t an excuse. And I hope beyond hope your actions haven’t lead to a massive backslide in thinking you scummy selfish jerk.
UGH this should be so simple. YOU ARE HUMAN!!! Meaning you WILL make mistakes as we all do. How dare anyone else hold you to higher standards. If anyone here claims they have NEVER made a mistake you are a liar! Plain and simple. “Practice what you preach Dr Mike” yeah it get it. “You should be setting an example” people come on. Again he’s HUMAN! The fact that he can come out and admit to his wrongdoing is HUGE in my opinion. Many of us, myself included don’t always do that. Thank you Dr Mike for being a decent human being doing the best you can as we all should♥️ stay safe!
Don't get upset at the people using your situation for their own goals. You should have known that your actions mean more because of what you represent. You're a doctor and a very known one. We are sick and tired of people in power not following through with what they expect everyone else to do. Teach yourself what you preach.
This just adds to the list of disappointments in 2020.
My way of thinking is this, and feel free to disagree; is that if all of your friends are exactly the same as you; same race, same 'hotness level', same class (wealth), same politically etc...you're probably a shitty person. And as a matter of fact I have never witnessed a group of friends that were all exactly the same until I came to America. I'm shocked that there aren't more people talking about this and why it isn't a thing americans are addressing. Its almost like you guys are so much in your own bubble that you don't see yourselves in an objective way. To the rest of the world the problems America is having are very obvious. I love America but I'm just being honest. Theres something really fucked up with society here and people are not talking about it. Like why is this doctor that portrays himself to be this tolerant, friendly guy only hang out with his wealthy white friends and a bunch of prostitutes? Where I'm from most people would stay away from someone like this and assume they're a phony douchebag. And im not trying to gang up on dr mike; I'm, again, just being honest.
I rarely comment, however as someone already wrote below as well, I am utterly dissapointed.  Not just because as a doctor you made these choices, but because in this video these choices are being downgraded. Guidelines were not followed, and low risk here and there you are a doctor, who are potentially causing risk for others, not to mention the message it sends and allowing to downgrade the current situation overall.  I do not want to even go into details what is the overall message of you not posting this on your main channel. When people think they find someone they can trust and they keep proven wrong, which also very sad, as you had a lot of great message which will be questioned how creditable now.  PEOPLE you can skip 1 birthday, 1 celebration, you have to do it know so you would be able to have celebrations in the future!! People really do not get it? Try to be a summer kid, who basically never had a birthday party as everyone is on vacation.....come on please please have some common sense.  As a russian living abroad seeing you I found comfort and was proud how we were represented, which unfortunately just adds up to my dissapointment.
Doctor Mike, I know almost everyone here is all mad at you. I am here to say I understand your side and theirs. Just push through, it's gonna be okay. Stay strong, and stay safe.🥰😁👍
Do people still not get it that this is just a scam and "the virus" is just another flu?  If it was really deadly and necessary to follow those bullshit guidelines Gavin Newsom and other corrupt politicians wouldn't be living their normal lives while destroying your lives and laughing at you.
This is so selfish ... You are a DOCTOR, you out of all people should know better. It’s so hypocritical of you to say wear masks when you won’t wear one.  How is going to Miami, celebrating your birthday with a bunch of people not social distancing and without masks something that was necessary. It doesn’t matter if you are not as high risk as others, there is still a possibility and you have a job to TAKE CARE of others and you can’t even do that.  How hard was it to stay at home and celebrate it safely. There was no need for this and you could have perfectly waited until things got better.  This is the problem, that people think it won’t happen to them and are only thinking about themselves like I don’t understand why people can’t wait.  You are only sorry that you got caught and not even putting it on your main channel.. wow This is the problem with “fame” and all these influencers/ content creators, they think they are above everyone else, only care about themselves.  This is so disappointing, specially because this is your profession and you know how bad things are and cases are rising.
As humans influenced by impulse and emotions we're bound to make judgement errors so I personally won't hold that against you; but as a follower and as someone who already buried an uncle to covid, I do hope you set a better example for all of us who love and support you because having a following means you'll always be under more scrutiny. Stay happy and healthy, Mike.
What a hypocrite!
Forget these hoes doctor mike. You are doing INCREDIBLE work that ISNT devalued by a private and safe trip.
You could've just said no... " No i appreciate your present but covid isn't over yet... " ... It's that easy
You don’t need to apologize for making your trip the safest you could possibly make it. This isn’t on you. This is one those that would take a story and spin it for their own nefarious purpose
You ain't the only one, Mike. I get it.  I would love to back-hand you for this one, but I do still love you, anyway.
Disappointed you are trying to hide this by not putting it on your main channel. Really sad man.
This is full of lies, and not even on your main channel. Boat capacity is 10, there were 15 in a pic of you from that day with no masks. I would feel so uncomfortable being a patient of yours now.
You guys need to chill. He apologized, move on. Why do you guys have to keep yourselves so invested in his life. Take what is good from this and forget the negative. He's a normal person like you and me.  "He who is free of sin throw the first rock"
I really liked him but not anymore.
I'm an American living in Europe. I had to make the extremely hard choice not to go home when a family member died earlier this year because it was just too dangerous. I haven't seen my family in a year now and this is just all so disappointing to me.
Hypocrite.
WOWWWWWW
Honestly guys I can’t understand all those hate in the comments! I totally can understand his action. After such a long time you want to do something. You want to travel. I know it because I also did it. I’m not living in America our numbers here in Germany are high too but not like in the us. I traveled in July to Austria for a week. Did the same in September and spent 10 days there. All guidelines said I don’t need to get testet or quarantine. I didn’t do it. But it was so great to spent some time away from home. You all know that feeling. Mike is just a human like we are. If he’s a board certified doctor or not. We all do mistakes. Also doctors. So hey. He will learn from it. We all do.   So mike please don’t let those comments put you down. Yes it was stupid I won’t say anything against it. But we all do stupid things. We all want our 2019 lives back.
Doctor hypocrite.
Okay but why is this not on your main channel? that seems sus
Covid is serious when you cant have a family member visit you in a hospital. Covid is serious when you cant have a funeral and say goodbye. Covid is serious when a mother has to be tested before holding her newborn baby.  But not serious when you want a boat party.
Always knew something is off about this guy - the forced genuineness in all his videos and uploading an apology video in his small channel and excuses he makes! So fake! Just another"influencer" for you!
Why r people acting so high and mighty in  these comments lmaoo shits funny
You have disappointed your entire community. This is not an apology.
You looked like a fckboy in those pics. Turned me off completely.
He took accountability for his actions. And apologized. Which is something we aren't used to anymore.. Because of that. I forgive him.
Sorry but the damage has already been done!
im dissapointed mostly because the hypocrysy from you and the fact that you didn't post it on your main channel  but i believe in forgiveness and learning from your actions so i hope you get your head out of your a** and apology for real
If you were responsible you’d say no thank you and walked your smart butt back home.
Dr. Mike, you did have a lapse in judgement in that millions of people watch you and get good, unbiased information from you. At the same time, you have understood that as a public figure, you are upheld to a higher standard than most of us. Personally, I thank you for the apology and believe it to be sincere. Doc, "chest compressions", and stay happy and healthy.
If Covid was as serious as you have been claiming, you would not go out and party on a boat with other people  NOT WEARING A MASK!!!! Stop lying... you are not sorry!
Let’s be adults and do the right thing. Hahaha if you’re partying the virus must not be bad. Lol and they were more than 10 people on the boat so stop lying.
Dr. Mike, I support you 100%. This is your life and you are allowed to live it how you want. You were considerate and took the necessary measures in preventing spread after your trip. That is all we should ask for. We cannot keep living in a bubble in fear of COVID, it has taken enough from us. Thank you for all the information you provide us with, it’s greatly appreciated. ❤️
Such a bummer.
Nobody is perfect🤷🏽‍♀️
Why not post this in your main channel?! LMAO!
Thank you for exposing the hypocrisy of "influencers."
Clearly the virus is not that serious with a 99% survival rate, right doctor?
People told me this was an apology video...but I can only hear excuses...ALSO on his second chanel..Quite a hypocrite this guy :)
So much for friends that throw a party during the pandemic and post pictures and videos about it. LOL!
I'm confused...is it someone's Birthday? Who ordered this clown??
Oh look some irrelevant dude named Mike.  Neat. Alright well I'm gonna head out guys.
Since when does doctor mike have a second channel ?!
Oh pls you ppl are so sensitive, he’s a young man at the end of the day. Get over yourselves
i am very disappointed in you....if you really felt sorry you would it this on your main channel. the biggest issue is not wearing masks.
Come on Dr Mike, you’re better than this.
Ok guys . He did'nt post it on his main channel may be because his main channels have longer videos.. like more than 7 minutes at leat 10 mins long and secondly I think this channel is for shorter videos . It's his channel "Doctor Mike Clips" . He can post videos on any of his channels . He made a mistake , apologized for it. Over. We don't need to think so much on it or make opinions about him . I know he's an influencer but guys he apologized in front of the audience . It dose'nt matter how big or small the audience is. Does'nt matter if he posts it here or on his main channel. His videos are viewed by large number of people . And lastly if he was a coward he woud'nt have made an apology video in the first place . So we can't judge doctor Mike on the bases of where he posted his apology video. All positivity and grace to Dr.Mike!
Well, turns out my gut feeling about you was true. Not surprised this happened.
you're not sorry for what you did. You're sorry because you got caught. I really liked you and your videos, but this is just a big NO.
the thing is...you checked all the guidlines and followed them appropriately. THAT is the example you should set. I think it is abnormal and weird to think that you, as an influencer need to give up the space we CAN intelligently occupy ( boating) because others may point a finger and yell shame.   Shame in WHAT?   for following the guidelines and acting responsibly? That is called being a good example.  We have to STOP cowering to anyone who cries foul because they can find a loophole and scream.   Your apology, while I believe is heartfelt is sad to me.  It is apologizing to bullies when you did nothing wrong.  You are not the savior of the world that needs to go above and beyond to show how "righteous" you are to others.   Live according to the guidelines. Follow those. There is nothing to put you down for.... or expect an apology for.     This feels like part of the insanity that is so prevalent today.....
Why is this not on your main channel? That's pretty telling....
The guys doing corona parties were just performing "risk assessment" ahead of their time lmao.
You're a fucking doctor, dude. You are around people who are at risk everyday. When you go see your patients, you might not get sick or hurt from it, but they could die. And it would be your fault, not theirs. You put them at risk. You can't just think for yourself. This is why people don't take you seriously anymore. Practice what you preach. If we can't trust our medical professionals, then who CAN we trust?
Wow dr mama jones literally deleted her comment on this video supporting dr mike. People who i always looked up to are serious hypocrites. I seriously cant trust anyone nowadays.
Even chest compression cant save you from this .  Hmm why not post this on your main channel. 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Shame on you, Im currently sick in bed with COVID-19 and work in health care, and all i hear are hollow apologies. My advice to you is stay off videos for awhile and remember why you became a dr.
I can’t believe what’s going on this is hypocrisy... lol remember you said that. Hhhhhhhhhyyyyyyyyppppppppppoooooooccccccccccrrrrriiiiiiiiiitttttteeee. But we forgive you. Ohh and Michelle Daniel brought me here!!
Question why is this video not on your main channel?
He should run for political office with that apology.
what if the photo had never appeared....put a statement on your main channel at least
so what if you researched all those guidelines and followed them? People who see that post will think „oh if doctor mike is out partying I should be allowed to do the same!“ they’ll break rules
I cant take this seriously there are people literally dying and people of authority telling us to distance ourselves but as soon as we turn our backs they break of the rules I can't take him seriously anymore
👎
always easy to go party and then say "oh i need to do better" blabla. you KNEW your actions carry consequences. don't act like a 12 yo.
Quite honestly, it's the frat boy look that's off putting for me. I'm 47, so younger doctors make me uncomfortable to begin with. That's probably unfair, but it is what it is. The pictures look like a behind the scenes Jersey Shore episode and I'm not sure I can get beyond that when I factor in the fact you *carefully* weighed the situation and still made the wrong decision. It's not just the impact of you neglecting the pandemic guidelines, it's also the impact of the look in general. Now, that's not saying I can't or won't forgive a mistake, we all make them, but it does shake my confidence and raise that feeling of discomfort.
Been a nurse 42 yrs. you are a joke. Shame on you.
Mike, this is ridiculous. You put this on your second channel. Most of your subscribers don't even KNOW you have a second channel. Are you trying to downplay what you did by not issuing the apology where your subscribers can see? That isn't much of an apology.  You saw you checked the guidelines and abided by them. There is photo evidence you DID NOT. There were more than fucking 10 people in the picture, the video of you massaging the girl - you didn't have the covering over your nose like a fucking medical professional should know to do.  In this video it seems like you are nitpicking facts and logic to fit your argument. I just can't trust somebody who does that or goes directly against what you say. You talk about mental health during the pandemic and tell us to work out, or get on a video call, or do anything to help BUT see people. Then you go and fucking party on a boat with a bunch of Instagram models.  It doesn't seem like you understand why people are mad, Mike. I always thought you were a nice guy, but whenever I showed my husband your videos he would always say you sound a little stuck-up and holier than thou. Starting to see what he means.  Edit: Mike, please issue a better apology on your MAIN channel and actually be transparent with us. Do NOT make excuses like you have been or twist words to fit your logic. I am mad because I thought you were somebody and then you completely go against who I thought you were and what I thought your values were.
We love you Doctor Mike, everyone messes up. I still see you as the great Doctor you are.
Dr. Mike it is ok that you are human I only recently started taking this thing 100% serious myself but if this apology was for the people who have supported you why isn't this apology on your main channel you would be able to reach more of your loyal viewers I'm not unsubscribing from your main channel cause you celebrated with you're friends mask-less I really don't care but you decided to be SHADY and I will no longer help to fund your ego driven life style I really thought you were a Doctor of the People and it sucks to be wrong
And that's on hypocrisy
Thank you for using your platform to further spread the right message about wearing masks during covid, even if it meant admitting your mistakes in front of thousands of subscribers. :)
Now I get why people think this is a hoax or don't take it seriously. When medical professionals aren't following their own advice how can they expect others to? Also, way to admit your wrong to as small an audience as possible.
And stop deleting comments gosh
Any explanations about this being the SECOND boat party you went to? (That we know of)
Lets cancel him
We all mess up. The important thing is that you know it and learn from it:-)
LOL if you really stood by what you said you wouldn’t use the excuse “my friends surprised me”... could’ve said “wow thanks! But we need to be safe so we can’t do this” and then LEFT. Also you weren’t using your mask properly 🤦‍♀️ a tshirt over your mouth and not over your nose. Come on... this is bullshit 😂
ive always respected you dr. mike as i am a healthcare worker myself (although not an md nor do). i know everyone makes mistakes, and i hope to believe you have reflected on your imprudent actions. i understand the burntout and just wanting to get away from the present even for just a moment. but a boat party? without masks? i couldnt agree more with many of the comments. that aside, i hope you learn from this and live by all the words youve preached
"Risk is a spectrum" Continues to go on a boat with over two dozen people lol so disappointing
He claims he was within guidelines but clearly he was way closer than six feet with a bunch of people. This is not an apology, it's him excusing himself. He also chose not to stay on the topic at hand, tried to misguide us and talk about conspiracy theorist and whilst trying to make himself the good guy. This is rubbish.
You know what I don’t understand? Why do these influencers have to apologize for everything they do like they owe something to their viewers?
You cannot say "I thought the risk level for me was okay" when you've been telling us to not take risks. For gods sake man, you told students and young people to not do anything that could spread the virus. And yet you went out and did things you told us not to. I cannot believe that you would act like this; with what you did, you just discredited all your videos on the matter.
I'm sorry Mike but you're trying to justify something that you shouldn't have done end of story. Being a physician it's critical that you practice what you preach. Being on social media it's even more important to practice what you preach. How are we ever going to be able to listen to you again when you contradict yourself? Why didn't you just say I shouldn't have gone end of story instead of trying to explain it when it wasn't needed.
miss gurl, i am embarrassed for you 😐
Hey man. You are a human. You did well for your person. You have been a message for a big bunch of people and for a long time. But u are also a human, so ok you did something wrong, but don't take that too seriously.  -i'm no superman! (Scrubs theme song)
Why tf isn't this on your main channel? How stupid do you think people are? You're not taking accountability, you're doing damage control
Rules for Thee not for me
You sir are a hypocrite and a bad liar to boot. How you a doctor preaching about the dangers of Covid 19 and the friends you keep are so comfortable with flaunting Covid 19 precautions which tells me you talk the good talk on Youtube but in your personal life you do samething totally different. Boy bye
I haven’t seen my family since April. You’re over here partying on a boat with friends.
Lol I take it you will not be fixing your mouth to tell anybody to stay at home, social distance and wear masks anymore and imagine you had the audacity to upload this to your small channel shows you are indeed  not sorry but have to go through the motions of the YouTube apology process.
I can't understand why some of you guys can't accept other people's mistakes and the fact that he admitted it is all that really matters. We shouldn't hold on to things like this but instead move on. We all make mistakes and I know for a fact if we were to make a mistake like this we would want others to forgive us when we admit we were wrong. Everyone has feelings so let's just take that into consideration.
I’m going to give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you’re preparing a more thoughtful and lengthy apology video for your main channel and this was just a quick “I gotta say SOMETHING right now” sort of deal. Yeah, I’m disappointed... especially because my dad is one of those people who is looking for ANY excuse to believe COVID-19 isn’t serious. A couple weeks ago, our governor was caught visiting family without masks/social distancing after he had urged us all to stay home and not visit family... my dad was PISSED and now my parents have organized a Christmas get together with our whole family... I don’t even know what to do because no matter what I say, my parents will use “mistakes” like yours to justify this gathering!!! Even though supposedly everyone is getting tested before the gathering, I don’t trust my family to social distance, wear masks correctly the whole time, or be outdoors. I don’t want to go because it is so irresponsible, yet of course if I don’t go my family is going to consider me selfish and paranoid (UGH). But that’s another matter—the point is yes, people can and will use your boat party to justify their claims that COVID-19 isn’t serious and it SUCKS.   I’m not unsubscribing just yet because I’ve learned soooo much from you, and I appreciate that you’re an imperfect human being, but I definitely want to see better from a public figure!!! I’m sure scrolling through these comments doesn’t feel great for you, but really take time to reflect on and address what everyone is saying... I know you care, I know you are better than this, I know you can do better and I’m sure you will do better. But this is REALLY disappointing and its going to take more than a 5 minute video posted on your second channel to make things right.
why is everyone making such a big deal. there are people who do this every single day and nobody gives two fucks but the second somebody a famous person does it everyone is butt hurt. he made a mistake let him apologize. i don’t think anybody here has the right to judge because you all know you have had people come to ur house or you’ve gone to parties. so please just let him apologize and shut up.
Please don’t torture yourself. It’s very nice that you apologise, but you have the right to make a mistake from time to time. I deeply respect you as a person and as a doctor. You’ve had more positive impact to the wold with all your videos than negative because of this. Lots of love, wish you the best. Greetings from Spain :)
It wasn't right but that doesn't disprove any of his scientific statments. You do not assume that the student did everything wrong if he messes up the 100th calculation, you assume it was an accident or a lone case. So do not start questioning covid-19.
Hes admitting that hes wrong, hes doing hes best to correct his mistakes and apologizes sincerely, dont judge for now, wait for results then yall can talk again
Dr. Mike, you need to post this or another response on your main channel. Yah, you made a bad decision, but don't make things worse by making another bad decision. Show everyone that you learned from your mistake. Your platform is too large to ignore this problem. I think it speaks volumes when someone takes responsibility for their mistakes and takes action proving they learned something.
Why isn't this on your main channel?
Why is this video not in your main channel????
It’s incredibly disingenuous to not even have this video on your main channel. It’s also frustrating to have a public figure make comments about wearing a mask then decide it doesn’t suit you when you’re “young and healthy.” The entire reason behind getting younger folks to wear masks is to help those who are at risk.   Of course people will attack the message because YOU made yourself a figure of that message. Then YOU chose to tarnish it by not listening when you wanted to party. You chose to be a public figure, an influencer, and profit off of your image. Your double-speak has repercussions.
Whether or not we do, people always win to criticize.  We are all human, we make mistakes and I can say that most of us have done something in this pandemic that has not been right.  But the important thing is to recognize our mistakes, ask for forgiveness, not make mistakes again, and accept the consequences of our actions.  Let's go responsibly now.
We make mistakes. It's okay Dr. Mike. Just don't do it again :)
My husband saw my face when I saw the photo. And he was like you don't actually know this guy, you have no reason to trust him. Why are you so surprised?  But I did trust you and gave you the benefit of the doubt, hoping you were not actually the person in the photo. I'm just very disappointed 😔
We have all made mistakes throughout this pandemic. The more those of use trying to do the right thin leg see literally every one else out living their lives the more the FOMO kicks in and makes it really tough.
Dr. Mike you f'ed up andddd you are avoiding responsibility
you can't trust your president, you can't trust your governor, and now you can't trust your medical professionals. At this point, do what you want but don't be surprise d by the consequences. wear a masks and stay safe and healthy but miss out on your parties and graduation, or don't wear a mask and go to your parties and have a great time but  put you and everyone else at risk of dying.  Do what you want  people. trust yourself and your own judgement because these people that we were supposed to rely on to tell us the truth are not doing it.   :)   Also, you are a doctor, not a youtuber. He knew the risk and sorry, but i don't accept this apology.
Too many people know what is best for other people and then make excuses for themselves. You have lost all credibility.
Is this how is goes when you get money, woman and fame? The peasants are not longer and issue for you on a yacht? How could you take all of the proper precautions if you are a practising doctor who went to Miami and jumped on a boat with a heap of people, did they also take precautions for this “surprise” that happened. I love a good hypocrite this time of year
It's ok doctor, we all make mistakes, and I for one applaud you for coming on and being honest even though you didnt have to.   In one way or another we have all faltered and put ourselves at risk. We just have to keep doing our best and staying safe.   This does not take away from your messages about Covid and it does not take away the fact that you are an awesome doctor.
So disappointed. Does the oath of medicine mean anything to you? This is not acceptable behavior for an adult, looks like an excuse a teenage influencer would come up with.
Everyone makes mistakes. It’s about learning from them and moving forward.  He has tried his best to spread awareness about COVID.He has tried to be a good role model, but he is human like everyone else. He’s a front line worker, and just simply needed a break and got caught up in the moment. Times can be stressful, and he needed a break and wanted to celebrate his birthday. Can you blame him? No. Was he a bit of a hypocrite? Yes, but we all can be a hypocrite at times. We all have had our fair share of mistakes through the pandemic and through our life... Be he apologized, and that’s all that matters. Move on people. At least he learned from his mistakes unlike other influencers and celebrities!  Edit: Be sure to wear your masks tho peeps
You yourself down played the risk...you yourself attacked the science...this is not an apology... you are a hypocrite!
Guys this is not the time for cancel culture... he is a DOCTOR he can get his license taken away.
Lol what a clown. Also got some super classy friends pulling signs at the camera. What a joke, man.
👏 it takes confidence to make an apology and admit that your wrong so I really appreciate that Dr. Mike had taken the time to make this video! I would love if he posted this on his main channel so more people can Understand what's going on and move on from it because people make mistakes!! I've seen a lot of people in the comments trashing him for this video instead of supporting him and putting in in the past and I hope that they can understand that things like this happen and even if it is disappointing we should forgive and forget.
Sometime it feels like it's a video game Or some movie.
Thank you so much this was a great reminder to unsubscribe!!
Hypocrite
Man what a half assed apology. You encouraged me to keep going through lockdown, now here we are. Really makes me think, what if this isn't the first time he's done stuff like this during COVID?
I'm disappointed, but I forgive you and hope others will too.
I say do whatever you want ...the democratic leaders are hypocrites!
How old is this man? Is he a doctor? To top it all off, what's this all about explaining "official" statements on how not to wear a mask when doing watersports activities???? and how many people on a boat were still okay? Doesn't sound like "sorry" but like a lame excuse to justify you kinda sorta still followed the rules and guidelines... somehow... Are you an MD or a YouTuber/Instagram/SocMedia "celebrity"? ... better take care of your real job and stop explaining on what to eat, do, buy, etc and what not ... I guess a mistake can be made and you can be sorry and try to do better, but in my eyes THIS wasn't an excuse or a consequence. I am disappointed in a way because I spent time to listen and follow this guy. Cannot take him seriously anymore, as for me my consequence is: *unfollow*
R.I.P. his credibility
Dear Dr. mike,  This is honestly...sad. So many people loved you. It just feels like you have manipulated and basically just...betrayed us. I never expected you, out of all people to do this. I thought you were one of the good guys. I am basically crying here thinking about how I feel betrayed. Sad. You...are supposed to be a role model, a representative of the medical community. Thousands of people idolize you. I guess it was our fault for being naïve and falling into this trap in the first place.  You have failed your duty as an influencer, a doctor and a human.   I am pretty sure you nor no one will ever read this and my comment will be flung into the annals of the internet, but I am writing this to express my feelings and get a load off my chest.  Do you not remember the oath you swore? Those two letters beside your name mean something. I am sorry but I wanted to believe you and did believe you until I saw those pictures with my own eyes. That...cannot be defended. I am sure your apology was genuine, but this is just too much. It sounded more like you were trying to defend your indefensible actions. You need to take full blame for what you did.  I regret this, but I have unsubscribed from both your channels. Not because I hate you but because I simply cannot bear to see anymore of your videos and think about how much I liked, trusted and admired you. You were almost like a role model. Good luck.  With tearful eyes, one of your former fans.
We all make mistakes and we are all sick and tired of this pandemic. It's hard to keep social distancing and wearing masks all the time whenever we go anywhere. He apologized and is going to try to do better. I'm sure we don't all follow every exact rule perfectly but we're all just trying to do our best during this horrible time.
You should make a follow up video saying what could be the risks and consequences of that mistake. Many people still hand pick a couple of guidelines and believe that's enough, there's no need to be "overzealous". It's important to explain why there's a combination of safety measures and how everything can go horribly wrong with just a few holes in your routine. For some people, reduced risk means no risk, and that misconception needs to be addressed. i think now you're in a better position to do just that.
That's right! Science is a LOT of work and you just dumped on them😒
Anything can be taken out of text
Why doesn't he just admit that he just wanted to have a party? I don't think he gave this much thought 🤷‍♀️ i think it would be more honest. However, I like that he recognizes his fault
Why isn’t this on your main channel?
Yo Dr. Mike you messed up it happens to all of us man keep your head up.
John 8:7, KJV: "So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said unto them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone."
its called the common sense of being a DOCTOR. why were u even looking at guidelines... u know u knew what was right to do.
Let him live his life . Privately not for all to know and to those who think it's sends a bad message by encouraging no masks . Ur idiots . Cause only idiots will die by not wearing masks thinking what u think they will be thinking what u think they will be thinking . He didn't risk infecting anyone . As they all quarantine d themselves . It was only emotional harm to the stupid who saw this . And enough . I sat home . Someone died and I couldn't even see them . Go see them . Wear a mask . Go by car if u. Can or see if u have the money for otherwise . .Mike did nothing wrong literally. But he did do wrong in the mental space . Wrong in the minds of those ineptly in the mental faculty .     Hope u pull through the backlash from these slow clowns
Put this on you main channel. FrFr. I’ve been sharing you to so many of these nuts calling this a hoax and now it’s getting thrown back in my face. The least you can do is put it where it will be seen. So scummy yo bury it here.
Ok so I have been reading comments here and see alot of hate and I do understand the anger ,caus u dont expect your role model to  make a mistake, but man I am pretty sure of all the negative comments here they are people who themselves dont act according to the rules.(just say in)
Spends most of the time not talking about what he did, but rather what others do wrong...
Rules for thee but not for me!
Aw man, Dr. Mike, we know you're human. This is what comes with being famous. We all make mistakes, and people are hypocrites. Not everyone who watches the channel takes your advise 100% and now that you slip up in public (because this might not be the first time) everyone is on you. Not saying what happened was fine but I'm not going to let this negate my view on you.  I just wish you'll post it on your 1st channel too. Seems like this was a way to hide.
People are being way too harsh on you. As a health care provider myself, I understand the needs of maintaining COVID guidelines. However, we are all human.  Be kind to yourself, & ignore the rude comments.
Dr.Mike: *goes on a cruise*....I messed up Me: *Does a bunch of horrible things*....Eh it's fine
Ok so I have been a huge Dr. Mike fan since quite a while and yes what he did was totally wrong and I am totally disappointed with him. I woulda been able to forgive him if he posted this in all of his social media platforms. But he didn't and that just shows that how low people can get for money. But atleast he did apologize, and he felt really sorry I felt. And also, he is just a human and humans make mistakes so in my opinions let's all just give him more advice and explain him where he went down and just maybe forgive him just this once.     Thanks for reading this far.. Hope y'all really understood what I was trying to tell...
You really did screw up and it was really disappointing to see you out there partying in the midst of a global pandemic when numbers are the highest they’ve ever been. HOWEVER, i am a firm believer in forgiveness and I forgive you. I hope others will too. It takes a lot of courage to admit when you’re wrong. Thank you for doing so. And i truly hope that you will do as you say—strive to be better and do better.
Re-Post on main please :x Be as transparent as possible
Wow, I really expected better from you Doctor. The way that you justified your decision going into it, tells me what I need to know about you. And, putting it on a second and smaller channel, that I didn't even know that you had, just reaffirms what I just found out about you. I'm very disappointed in you.
Let him be young and reckeless like everybody else, he lives alone and his job itself is dangerous. Stop bashing him for being human! He is using his channel to do good... let him chose how to live.  BTW I hate when my friends publish pictures of me without telling me, even for a “public figure” (like Dr. Mike). The message is importante not one mistake for being excited to see his friends.
Omg... don't apologise. Ridiculous 🙄
Doctor Mike, listen man, I’m young and healthy too but that doesn’t give me an excuse to go out drinking with my friends during a Global Pandemic. Not only that I have an 84 year old Grandmother at home who’s high risk. I haven’t left my house in months. I’ve developed adjustments disorder, depression, heightened anxiety, suicidal thoughts, and ocd and I’ll be 30 in almost a month. Not much younger than you. Your actions have consequences. I hope you really learn from this because I’m seriously disappointed in you. Practice what you preach.
Why share that the max capacity on the boat is 10 or 50% capacity but not address the capacity of the boat you were on photographed with 14 other people?  Did you go to Florida to visit friends and family or were you going to your dad’s apartment to be alone in Florida? Why a trip to Florida during a time with major increases in COVID numbers in that state? You are exposing others, both in Florida and New York just going through airports and making the trip, so the risk to others is not zero. Address those behaviors and why it was a bad choice
Love you Dr.Mike, understand you are still just HUMAN we were born to make mistakes. Atleast you see the problem with what you did. Have a good day💛
I am ashamed that I have taken your covid-19 advice and then feel sad due to you breaking covid-19 restriction and you ask us to social distances and wear a mask but you show this not be doing as responsible doctor.
Dr. Mike is wearing a mask after all, just a different kind of mask. It's the mask that psychopaths wear. He'll cover his lies with more lies, such as claiming there were under 10 people on the boat when the photo clearly shows otherwise. No wonder the establishment loved this guy.
I don't think it was a mistake - you followed all the rules.  We need mental health breaks from the pandemic and the stress it entails.  Be safe, and smart, but also you NEED to look out for your mental health - and this was a much needed break from the rigors of just living in a pandemic.
Others doctors are risking their life of saving every single covid patient in the hospitals. And you as a doctor too.... what??...having all your own fun with some lousy ppl on the boat?? Although is your birthday....
Why is this not in your main channel? Never ever seen this channel before now.
I looked up to you _Doctor Mike_ now I don’t have anyone to look up to.
As a doctor you take the Hippocratic oath and by going on a stupid cruise you went against that exactly. This pandemic is all about not being selfish. Idc if it won’t hurt you it’ll hurt your patients, your coworkers, etc etc. the audacity to put this on your second channel. I can’t believe this
Instead of seeking an apology you are giving lame excuses. First carefully read the guidelines which clearly mentioned that there should not be more than 10 people in a party. There should not be any parties for the doctors who are treating corona patients unless he was in 15 days quarantine. My brother is a doctor and by treating patients he himself got infected with it similar case could have been with you as well. Be careful for the next time.
Wait what happened?
Dr. Mike, you are a rockstar in every way! I am personally very happy that you were able to enjoy your trip. I trust that you followed the guidelines during and after the trip. There will always be people waiting to pick you apart. I admire your humility because it sucks being accused of wrongdoing when you followed the rules. It would have been so easy for you to just say “beewoop the haters” lol but you chose to learn from the experience and make sure your message stays strong. 💪🏻
Hypocrite.
You are a human being. A person. You are allowed to to make mistakes. That’s okay. Just learn from it. One mistake doesn’t forfeit your right to happiness. And it certainly doesn’t disregard any message of peace, hope or positivity, you’re trying to send. Not to me, at least.
This has got to be the worst apology for a video. You make a "mistake" when you have no knowledge of a possible outcome... what you made was a "choice" to go party on a boat with no real guidelines (that explination you gave looked like a 1st grader trying to search for loopholes to explain why he isn't wrong -which made you sound like a liar).... Apart from sounding like you were trying to justify your actions on the first half of your video, it sounded more like it was a mistake to get "caught" rather than your actions...
I didn’t last one minute into this video because the way it began I realized it will be ridiculous. What’s the point? His truth is actually “the rules are for thee, not for me.”
So what? You need to lock yourself up in your home to prove you’re staying safe? I’m sorry but no LMAOO. You’re allowed to go out and live your life. You shouldn’t have to apologize.
Apologize on  your main channel.
His friends knew better and he could have said no. Simple as that.
A rational person doesn't have to look up guidelines to know whether partying on a boat with 15 people during a pandemic is good. Let alone a medical professional. Your defense that you live alone doesn't matter, you were visiting your elderly father and traveling around. Not to mention all of the other people on the boat that can spread it further. This is a bunch of bullshit and I hope that party was worth your reputation. Disgusting.
I just love it when people I look up to and respect apologize so honestly because it gives me hope that all my mistakes are just part of the process and me trying and trying is the right thing to do. Thank you for being so honest and transparent 😇
New sub oh wrong time sorry guys
Do I think you made a bad decision? Yes. Yes you should have known better. Yes it was a stupid decision. Yes it upsets me because I lost a family member to COVID    But am I going to crucify you for it? No. That is not my job. We make mistakes, sometimes bad ones, we deal with the consequences, own up to our mistakes.   Yes this is hurtful that you did this. Yes you should be posting this on your main channel. No I’m not going to join the cancel culture because that would make me a hypocrite because there are many celebrities who have made stupid mistakes that the public still adores and I still follow.   We are human. Own up to your mistake. You can’t go back and make it right but moving forward you can take steps to make sure it doesn’t happen again.   All I’m gonna say.
HUMAN never run out of MISTAKES.
We all make mistakes. Thank you for the apology.
Can you upload this on your main channel? Please spread the awareness. I am sickened by you, as the top comment says “rules for thee, not for me”
Well. I dont know😂 im just gonna say to each individual please be safe.👍 But i do have to agree that he should apologize and not bring up any argument anymore.
You should have just went straight to the point and apologize without the red herrings. I expected better from you Mike. Your decision was really selfish
AWWW I APPRECIATE YOUR ERNESTY
He thinks your stupid
Humble pie has always been challenging to eat for me. In our profession it is perhaps more important than any other. It is paramount, as I know you agree. Good job Doc. Speaking of eating crow, I never thought I would miss M&M rounds. I am strictly outpt. and there is sadly little oversight. Do you guys still do grand rounds and M&M in house? I ask because a colleague of mine who does inpt. told me that productivity/work load has edged out these mainstays of medical education. That can't be true, can it?
I would say don’t stress it doctor Mike, keep on being happy and healthy. What happened was good because this is a moment you get to sit down with yourself, analyze yourself and be vulnerable with self. Maybe you strongly speak on certain issues not because it’s something dear to you but because people expect you to. 🤷🏾‍♀️
These comments are so mean and terrible. What happened to empathy? What happened to understanding we're all human. Even doctors, even a doctor like him, who's famous. Are we really gonna say that none of us have made mistakes like this during this pandemic? He is apologizing. And everyone has a right to not accept the apology but to keep commenting that its not genuine is just ridiculous. We all strive to do better, to be better and we slip up sometimes. I don't know how people could be this mean about this. Very sad to see.
"he should have apologized on his main Channel". He did that in front of 1million ppl. You would not even apologize to yourselves in this case
honestly the fact that you´re a doctor and practice daily, yet you´re still trying to dig yourself out without adressing the issue that YOU´RE A DOCTOR (not sending hate ) just wanted to let you know that no dr. you didn´t apologise as a professional n that´s why everyone is still kinda bitter or dissapointed.
You never let us down doctor mike and i am most proud to be one of your followers, subscribers etc.
BLA BLA BLA. A large portion of the population is going out. Everyone must do it at THEIR OWN risk. If you can isolate before and after traveling or an event than you are only risking your own health, then ok. But a doctor that probably is constantly at risk of exposure and is in contact with others he should have done better. YouTube apologies don't save lives! Taking precaution does.
Honestly Im disappointed. I get that people make mistakes, but it seems like you went to Miami with the intention of partying anyways. You said you went to see your dad, but you also told all of friends you were coming down with enough heads up to rent out the boat? I think if you were truly trying to be safe you wouldve ONLY seen your dad and told him to not tell anyone else so they wouldnt try to hang out with you. Im not flat out calling you a liar; Im saying you messed up before you even arrived in Miami. Please do better, because I really looked up to you for a while and honestly now Im not sure that I should.
Not even chest compressions can save this apology 😂
People really be flaming the guy like y’all haven’t left the house either like chill bro...
This aint it.
So he went to Florida, who cares? If COVID was as deadly as the Media makes it out to be all the homeless people would be dropping like flies
I wasn't able to see my family nor my friends on my birthday and I still have not seen anyone.. because I'm a nurse and I don't want to risk my patients safety, even though I am young and I live alone..... I'm so disappointed to hear that a doctor of all people goes about this situation with such disregard for others
Like the thing is, sure, it’s “within CDC” guidelines, but that’s exactly not the point - if you CAN avoid going out, do so. Nevermind flying across the country to get drunk on a boat.  Like ur a doctor, ur supposed to be better than the rest of us lmao
Right. Covid precautions are important until its your own birthday/event. It's that mentality that got us here in the first place. You're a hypocrite. Period.
Why not post this on your main channel?
I’ve seen a lot of hate here but he was with a handful of people on a boat for the first time in months, u should have small gathering every once and a while for your own well being, mental health is as important as physical health
Clownery luv
When he said, “I can’t promise I won’t make another mistake again,” I couldn’t help but roll my eyes. What are you planning to do next? Go to a strip club without a mask?
So are you gonna go back to commenting on CoVID 👀or  it’s now gonna be a pass subject 😂oh my. Talk about being between a rock and a hard place.
Ah yes, yet another hypocritical video by doctor Mike, first apologizing for being fatphobic by being even more fatphobic, now apologizing on the small channel to not attract attention on the subject at once. Jesus how "fake woke" can this guy get.
This should be on your main channel, twat.   :-(
The science is that its 99% survivable and not the plague...people like you are the reason people are going insane
Last year I had two full knee replacements. I trusted that surgeon and his team with my life...twice. You...sir are not fit to carry their water. In My Humble Opinion .
We ALL made sacrifices. I have never been abroad and this vacation was supposed to be the first when I would leave my country. But I canceled the trip because of COVID. I'm studying microbiology and as a person somehow knowledgeable about the risk created my viruses I feel obligated to use this knowledge and also teach others. And I feel the same about medical professionals. You're not the only one who did this. There are tons of idiots who just don't care and are going to parties anyway. But you're not only a DOCTOR but also one of the most popular on the internet. I wouldn't choose such an important position because you're obligated to ALWAYS be a role model. Now imagine how many people gonna say "well if even a DOCTOR goes to various parties then why can't I?". It's not about contradicting yourself or just simply lying. It's about giving excuses to people who's gonna spread the virus.
wow this comment section has a lot of hate, i mean, i get their point, but they’re not getting the message. you practically didnt do anything wrong if you followed the rules. but then again, everything at your own risk.
I think what's dangerous about the situation we're in with the virus, apart from getting sick and spreading it, is precisely the aggression and brutality in the comments. This Panic and Judgemental-ness is what is going to do you harm, even if you don't get sick. Drink a cup of tea, meditate , cuddle with your dog and maybe try to be more forgiving and humane. Thank you. 💁
People are tired of the politicians, media and celebrities who basically tell us we are killing grandma if we go out to the Cracker Barrel. but then go party. If you don't really believe it, why should we?
OMG... you're a human beeing, like all of us. We all mess up from time to time. It's okay to make mistakes and others have no right to judge you for those.  You went to see your family and this is totally fine. Maybe all of these people writing comments, judging and stuff...they should stop and look at their own mistakes. We are all in this together and we should stand together and not pointing on each other! We are all in this together and should Support each other. Period. People...stop judging!
Post this apology video on your main channel and then I will believe you are genuinely sorry for your reckless behavior Dr. Mike....
You're human. Thanks Dr. Mike for being honest. Am I a little hurt? Yes but its 2020. Doctors are humans too. I understand where you're coming from and I understand the anger of others. Thank you for this video
Dr Mike, I appreciate your apology & you owning up to this.   We are in this together.  Everyone let’s remember that although he is a doctor, he is still a human being, one to make mistakes.  Mistakes can be made regardless of the knowledge you have.  Be nice because you don’t know what someone is going through.   Dr mike, your apology is appreciated!  This is how we learn; even as medical professionals.
it's the blatant lies as a slap to the face for me. come on, you're literally showing a screenshot that says 8-10 people, yet we all saw that in the pic there were at least 15 if not more? we're not stupid, the least you can do if you don't want to give a real apology is not treat us like we're toddlers eating up anything we're told
So many saints and righteous people in the comments that do not wrong.👀
This is so disappointing
Isn't everyone in the wrong cause you were in the wrong doctor mike but also everyone else is in the wrong because what other people are saying are totally rude and wrong...
The Hippocratic Oath taking hypocrite gives a “oops I got caught” non-apology.
I looked up to you and thought u really cared amd took it seriously its clear you dont
Are you actually jealous? You can't tell me you sit at home all the time and don't go out anywhere, none of us is perfect and everyone needs some rest. Just leave him alone and check if you have washed your hands long enough 🙄
One mistake people went on focusing on it and overshadowed so many great things he has done. Yes he's a doctor, but he's just like any humans. We're all imperfect.
We all make mistakes.   Just don't do it again.
I've been a huge silent viewer since then,, i love dr. Mike like 😫❤️❤️❤️  but then the issues starts to blows out. I dont have any idea at first and i started reading posts-- then there i've realized. It was all wrong, his words didnt match with his actions. And its kinda sad for me,, i've trusted Dr.Mike 100% before but then adding that this apology video was posted not on his main channel it makes me 🤢😢😢☹️🤢 like??? Sir, I commend every good things you've done. But with this one??? Sir idk anymore 🤢🤢🤢🤢☹️☹️
Why isn't this on the main channel?
people be pissed up in here! lol
We all make mistakes
So just becuse his a doctor and a youtuber He can't do mistakes?! He is a human, all people do mistakes.....
Let me get this straight ,you assessed risk but not for one second considered  patients you would come in contact with post your boat frolicking ? It seems that this would be your FIRST concern. Too many of political leaders, practitioners,  and the righteous preaching  to the masses but the rules and guidance don’t apply to them.. Everyone has a COVID  apology video now. You didn’t need to consult the CDC guidelines to know that partying on a boat in a hot spot state with others would be risky.
Dear Dr. Mike, you are shouldering big burden, stress and responsibilities, I can't believe people hurt you that bad just because a mistake. Dr. Mike, this world needs you, please keep going and keep helping people. Thank you very much.
You didn't let me down, Dr. Mike! It's okay, sometimes we make mistakes. A big kiss, and take care. ❤️❤️ I love you
i´m sorry thats to much bikini models,to ressist and in a fucking boat are you ,kidding.
It is still on trending lol. You’re really not getting out of this
I really like to read the comments and see all this about and that, but in the end Mike a human being like all others, and do make mistakes, he knew he made a mistake, he said "i'm sorry" and that should be fine, he can't do anymore than that, because what happened, happened. Yeah maybe it wasn't the best decision to do, but none of us cannot honestly say we havent done any hypocritical in our life, and certainly there are many of us who just ignored that lille voice in our head who said, that it was wrong.
Yes your personal risk level was low. But the risk to your patients may well not be, so it was ridiculously selfish of you to potentially asymptomatically pass on Covid-19 to one of them.
Post this on your main channel
Post this on your main account😐
Why I do what I want. I will suffer my consequences. These people tell us stay home. Mask up. Yet Dont do the same. This needs to be a personal responsibility issue. Just like heart disease is the number 1 killer of people. Some people make a choice to eat that burger.
“Hard working men and women of the CDC and WHO” you mean the ones that post selfies on twitter lecturing us and i quote; “i hope you enjoyed your meal” because apparently it’s my fault that someone died because i went and bought from my local family business
Hypocrisy at its finest
Wait wait wait, I can go to the gym? I live in a college town where the only real gym is the college rec center. Our school has a high level of covid so idk if I should go to the gym. I also have bad asthma and working out with a mask seems questionable.
youre a doctor sir. you should’ve known better.
Hi Dr., I've really enjoyed watching your videos ever since I was an undergraduate pharmacy student.. I liked watching your videos on medical jokes when I'm stressed out and mainly because you were someone on social media I could somewhat relate to when I was training in the hospital with other students and health care workers.. but yeah to say I was disappointed to find out about this is an understatement. I'm sure you understand a lot of people are upset with the hipocrisy because compared to other influencers who have been criticised for partying despite the pandemic, you actually have the medical knowledge as well as the responsibility to uphold what you've been preaching to the public about social distancing etc. I understand that you're only human and you do want to find joy amidst the pandemic.. but that's the struggle you'd have to face as a doctor (the huge responsibility of being a doctor is part of the reason why I chose pharmacy, I cannot handle such pressure which is why I really respect my friends who are still striving in medical school). The fact that you prioritized this party over your own medical advice is.. very disappointing. Its NOT right, but I can't deny that it shows how doctors are human beings too. So yeah, I just hope you take some time to reflect on yourself and re-evaluate your priorities (and friends). Losing the trust of your patients as a health care professional is one of the worst things that can happen in this line of work.
Imagine the patients he saw the week before and told to stay home/ not go see their family for thanksgiving..I imagine many seek him out because of his celebrity and will feel very misled when they see his behavior
He won't do the same thing again , everyone makes mistakes.
tnx doc mic, you are truly inspireing. its time for me to go out, go on vacation, see my friends , get drunk and then go back to my job 🥰
I think what really pisses me off is that as a doctor, you have now given ammunition to the other side about why masks aren't important and how they can go on crowded getaways too. They will all cite you as the evidence that it's not that big of a deal. You have both a bigger power and responsibility because not only are you a doctor, you're a public figure. Everything you do now has a ripple effect.   I hope this was an important lesson for you. Be better.
At least you acknowledge that 🤍
In august I went on holiday in Menorca with my family and my parents hired a boat for me as a few other people. We wore mask at the hotel, at the boat(except for swimming). I still have fun I still live life.  I myself I am not attacking you, we all make mistakes. However, I wouldn’t want to let you get away with it because of your looks or popularity. Grow up and post this on your main channel, this is what being sublime figure entails. Or do whatever, it’s your business.
i live in miami and you have no idea how happy this makes me. it IS just a mistake; it's hard here to turn down every boat and party and dinner thats 'safe' and follows guidelines. id love to be out doing socially distanced things with friends; i need it, im dyinggg inside. but ultimately its not safe unless you have 100% control of who's going to be there, the entire time, and you know how safe each of them has been...which is highly unlikely. i can think of 5 people in my close circle that are positive just over the last 3 days- all with different risk behaviors, and none of whom ive seen. miami is exploding rn.
i think some of you in these comments don’t realize how harmful his actions were. it’s not just about not wearing a mask once, even though he stated in the description that he has been tested negative for covid 3 times, it’s primarily about the image that he is sending, can you imagine the number of influencers who are now gonna use him an excuse to not follow protocol and keep on partying? if even a doctor who’s been lecturing millions of people on being mindful for yourself & others’ safety decided to not follow protocol, they’re gonna think « why should we then? ».  this reinforces the skeptics who denies the pandemic, the influencers who keeps spreading it and the people who may gonna think « mmhhh maybe i won’t wear one this time».  and he didn’t even post this video on his main channel to at least do some damage control on the social impact.  it’s such a bigger picture, i hope yall realize that.  i wish at least his friends didn’t film and post all of that, the impact would of been so much smaller since he tested negative.  as everyone said it already im also highly disappointed AND this is not enough :/
The moment that  he stopped taping, I'll bet he looked at his cameraperson and said, " So, do you think they'll buy it?" No, no we don't.   Go on Ellen or something, at least put this on your main channel, then we can talk. Did you drive back and forth or did you fly?  If you flew, isolating for 14 days wouldn't help those on the plane, would it?
It's been a long pandemic, we all end up taking some risks. We shouldn't, that's for sure, but we can't stay 100% on alert mode for this long. I think you're sending a good message here, it's human to mess up and to aspire to brief moments of careless fun, we all need this. It's hard for everybody even health professionals are struggling with this. But let's keep in mind that these situations of calculated risk should be an exception, something we do once in 2 or 3 months help us cope with the pressure of this necessary new lifestyle.
Lmao WHY post this on your SECOND channel? You don't want to be exposed, that's it. You should've posted this on your main one. This whole apology is a joke, the whole vid is just you justifying your actions lmao you also said sorry cause you get caught. Yikes. The fame got into your head I guess.
Everyone watching like: —    —    —
"Admitting when I'm wrong" more like "Imma defend myself and you ain't gonna get an apology from me"
Doctor Mike,  Just watched a video of a Youtuber who wore a mask while in labor. So yes, there is no excuse to be careless.  What you need to understand most though, is that these are the things that disconnect an audience from their viewers- priveledge. Its a priveledge to just go have fun while the rest of us can't, then get ample testing. It's a priveledge to be able to say, "If I get sick, it won't affect anyone else" (especially when- what if it did, even one person? And you know this- what if that one person then goes and spreads it?).  You guys should know better. I understand your apology, but you need to understand that some of us don't have insurance, or access to testing, and have been suffering social isolation. Not to say that you shouldn't have those things BUT- incidents like this flaunt priveledge at a time when we should all be careful and cautious, famous or not.
“No one was wearing a mask” what happens when a cloth mask gets wet? You can’t fucking breath
Yeah no, this ain’t enough.
This is wrong. I was waiting for your apology, but I didn’t find it until now because I didn’t even know you had a second channel. Many people like me won’t see this, thus this apology is in the wrong place. Also, I don’t think this half-assed apology is enough.
Sure, you're sorry on your second channel I did NOT know of. But still Imma party with a bunch of hot girls in a yacht because, you know, who gives a f*ck about Covid, right?  If you were really sorry you could have said this to the million viewers and subscribers on your main. Granted, don't think I will continue watching so...yeah. This is a BS apology and most certainly does not feel sincere to me.
Iam so disappointed because you were one of my favourite people on this app and i looked up to you and this is just so messed up
1. Why is this not on your main channel, but on your second channel that many don’t know of? 2. You are a doctor. You should be setting an example during these times.  3. You may be healthy and live alone but you meet people who are at risk everyday as part of your job. By doing what you did you put these vulnerable patients who trust you at risk.   What you did required planning and thus you had plenty of time to think through what you were doing. It wasn’t an in-the-moment situation. And after that thinking you decided to go through your irresponsible actions, both as a person and a healthcare professional.  Trust takes time to build but can come crashing down in a second. What you have done has made me lose trust in you as a doctor and as a person.
I am sick of the negative comments. He messed up one time as opposed to ALL the good he’s done come on...If you can’t see that he’s genuinely apologizing then you must be blind and you should probably go talk to your doctor about it.
I understand that you were calculating the risk for who you might bring something “home” to, but those are not the only people at risk. Due to financial circumstances, I still live with my parents along with my two younger brothers (26, 23; I’m turning 30 later this month so I’m not much younger than you). I have had to think about not only their health and consider what I might be bringing home, but also the health of the people I work with for about eight hours a day. It’s a small office of five, including myself, and we’re able to social distance but it’s still important that all of us are being careful. With every possible event, I’m questioning the risk. I struggle with anxiety and depression and to be perfectly honest, have very few friends. I have only gotten together with one friend once in the past nine months.  When I heard that my youngest brother was going to two weddings in one weekend, I was concerned and questioned him about what precautions were taken both places and what level of mask wearing and social distancing was practiced before I allowed myself to go anywhere near him. For Thanksgiving this year, we only had my immediate family and my brother’s fiancée over for the meal. My grandparents stopped by for dessert but we all ate outside and made sure not to get within six feet of either of them. I should mention both my brother’s fiancée and my grandparents live 15 minutes away at the most. We have other extended family, but some who live farther away within our state, some in another state, and some less than five minutes away but one of my cousins had to quarantine after possible exposure.  My mom has a really hard time during the Christmas season, but finds that physically going to church makes it much more meaningful and bearable for her. We have to RSVP and I just wasn’t sure about it. My dad wasn’t comfortable physically going either. My mom bought advent candles to go along with the streaming service at home but I know it’s not the same. For my birthday, I usually request that we do one thing. I love going to the movies, so I spend a good part of the last few months of the year picking my “birthday movie” to see with my immediate family. While it seems most theaters will be open by that point, and a few select theaters are now, I don’t think we’re even going to do that. I predict we’ll find a new movie to stream and play card or board games. I have been extremely fortunate not to have anyone I know personally die from COVID-19, but I know people who’ve had it and I know people who have lost loved ones due to this pandemic. One person lost both her parents and her sister who was treating them at home before they went to the hospital, separately and at different times. Each of them died alone. I understand that it didn’t seem like a risk to you, but when I go to the doctor, I expect him or her to think about the risk to me. In fact, I have a chronic medical condition that can weaken my immune system. I hope the doctors I’m seeing about that in a couple of weeks have taken that into consideration.  I don’t mean to sound harsh. As you say, you are human and like all of us, make mistakes. But you are an influencer and a medical doctor. I have, along with so many others listened to your videos and have been reassured, comforted, and informed concerning this pandemic, among other things. I don’t discard the information and insight you’ve provided, but I would be lying if I said my trust hasn’t been shaken. I hope you do realize  just how much of an influence and a responsibility you have to those who follow you on social media, your friends, your family, and your patients.
hypocrit but yes the pandemic sucks u are right
He really threw this apology on his second channel. Only reason I found this was because he retweeted a link to it a few days ago. I guess that brand is too important to tarnish with an apology.
Well Dr Mike... thankfully its only the negative comments "killing you" rather than the Covid. Smdh. You're not who you've presented yourself as, and that's worse than being let down. It's called being lied to and it's typical. Just didn't expect you to be one of those. Here's hoping you didn't infect anyone with your selfish, immature and hypocritical behavior...
Mike....mikey Mikey Mikey..........you have no clue and how many people you have lost respect for you and how upset some people are and really this apology can be done better and on YOUR MAIN CHANNEL and not your second one and yes people make mistakes and I hope and pray you learn from this and do better and also admit hypocrisy is not so great  fingers crossed for you
that shirt say dont listen to me lick me biiaaatchh
You are proof of the gullibity of the masses. I hope Karma is real.
Thought you were different to other so called influencers but guess I was fooled by the appeal to authority.. and posting this on the second channel rather than your main? This apology shows the true colours, so disappointed
Not upset with you in the slightest your mental health is just as important as your physical health I don't know you personally nor will I ever know you personally but you seem like a very extroverted person and it has taken a severe toll on many people who have that personality being locked inside not to mention having to deal with patience all the time on the higher level then you probably had ever assumed you would have YouTube deserve to relax And let go just because you are an Internet celebrity "" does not mean that you are not human and you do not have the same feelings as other people yes true you have a huge impact on the Internet you were just a person you are nothing more than just a person living through this the same as the rest of us There is absolutely no reason to say sorry  But I do appreciate you saying sorry even though I don't believe it's necessary so thank you thank you for being a real human being Thank you for living thank you for letting go of inhibitions at times to relax thank you for putting yourself in danger thank you for taking care of us Thank you for the joy you bring during lock downTank you for existing
Why are people so hard on him? What is wrong with people? Can’t even get one minute of break? Jesus...
Is it too late to give this guy an Emmy also
Haters are gonna nitpick this. Still disappointed in you tho
Wait.....your father's house is in Brooklyn. America, explain
Hey doctor mike, you really were my icon. I can't believe all this happened. Wasn't it too obvious that pictures of YOUR birthday party ( a huge influencer) would go viral? I mean you brought this upon yourself. And why isn't this on your main channel? I honestly kept on looking for an apology video for the past 3 days on your main channel only to find it here. Unfortunately I don't think you can undo this because we all know you went to Miami for the party,  where does your dad's apartment come into this? I really didn't want to write this comment but I am actually disappointed, especially because you are a DOCTOR. Like come on. I mean even if you had no followers,being a doctor and doing that would be still pathetic. Anyways, to me it looks like you just want your views back so you aren't being honest. I know you might delete this lol but I am commenting anyway
You were NOT following rules and guidelines. There were 15+ people, when the max number was 8 adults, you weren't even vaguely social distancing and there is no reason you couldn't wear a mask outside the water.  Please stop trying to suggest that the only problem is the impact to the medical message.
Coward. Put this on your main channel.  We all make mistakes but this was a really obvious one, and your actions thereafter are pitiful. This is so incredibly disappointing 🙁 dr Mike I BELIEVED IN YOU.
So y’all getting mad cause he contradicted all his words in the pandemic “Wear a mask, wash your hands.”  But we tiptoed around the fact that it’s a private boat for his birthday, from his brother.  Literally a private boat
I think this is an apology and not  some way to defend himself just not a very well thought one at best I don't know if his reputation as a doctor will uphold after this even after this pandemic ends he still will get hate from this but he deserves respect because nobody and I mean nobody deserves to be kicked out of the Internet for one mistake they did I just hope Mike will do as he says and be better in the future but still I'm just very disappointed in him and everyone in that very party and after everything you said Mike shame on you and everyone on that party you should know better enspecially if your a doctor that's trained to be an expert at this very Field my apologies if went on a bit of tanget there but I just need to get my thoughts out
"I live alone" umm yeah but you also work with patients on the regular. They matter.
These comments saying his apology is trash are literally trash. Like, grow tf up. He said he was wrong, and said he was sorry. What tf do y’all want from this man? This hive minded witch hunt mentality has got to stop.
Dont be worry sir, you saves a lot of people.
It is so dumb how you are trying to cancel a genuinely good guy, that has helped so many people and has shed light on so many important topics, for celebrating his birthday party with friends. Everyone is saying you could have just said no when in reality they wouldn't have if they were in his shoes. And the argument that he is an influencer is even worse. You don't have to do what he does you have a brain of your own, you should be able to make your own decisions...
Strong Video, Respect
you should post this on your main channel
How disappointing, you didn’t even sweat from your armpits, that’s how fake it feels. People that don’t lead by example should simply not lead 🤷🏻‍♀️
I really liked you Dr. Mike, and now I am super disappointed. 😞
Honestly, people give him a break. Stop taking out your frustrations on him. This pandemic has made people really cruel. What he did is his choice, his life. What you do is your choice your life. Have some empathy. Everyone makes mistakes, I’m sure everyone of you has too.
All this hate.... why? Dr Mike is human, he makes mistakes. It’s okay. Everyone got fed up of being tight, quarantined at home or on lockdown. It’s been a year now. Frankly, he’s a doctor and he deserves to have a break. Besides, these are people he knew. Which meant if one of them was sick, they wouldn’t have attended. There are people out there in the community running outside, knowing they have Covid. If what he did is shameful, what is considered for those running outside infecting ppl with covid. At the end of the day, he did research the guidelines, so he wasn’t careless
It sucks that the celeb factor is something that people in his cases have to also take into consideration. As he mentioned he was perfectly fine as a normal person to do what he did. It's his risk and he did it the right way. But the fact that he is a celeb in that field was an outside factor. Just something he will have to work along with in his life . But most of us are smart enough to not fall for the b.s out there.
Mike I'm with you. You know how much bs this is. If it was real you'd be dead and so would millions more. Just join truth and stop bsing ppl.
Shoulda kept it very short at 1 minute and put it on your main channel. "You know what, what I did was wrong. I can't verify that the people on the boat quarantined before or after the party nor can I verify if they were tested before or after the party. I should have known better and just declined to get on that boat. As a public figure and a medical professional with millons of people looking up to me I should have practiced what I preached. I know this illness has cost the lives of hundreds of thousands citizens just in the US. I'm sorry I let everyone including myself dowm"
Lots of negative comments here. I personally don't care, if you were an average joe I wouldn't think anything of it. Im glad you think it wasn't the best decision, especially given your position, but I'm not personally upset, and it doesn't really dilute your message at all
This is not a mistake.   You responsibly chose to attend a party while being aware of covid’s dangerosity.   What hurts me most is that you are a doctor and yet you chose to put aside the pandemic to go on and live your bachelor life. You did that while others are making huge sacrifices, paying the price, not seeing their parents, family, friends. People lost their job because of covid, people suffer from depression because of the lockdown and yet, here you are, being a doctor, telling those people that « you made a mistake ». This was no mistake.   This choice showed that somewhere in the back of your mind, the virus is not that dangerous because you had fun anyways while telling others to stay home.  This was no mistake. This was hypocrisy.
This guy has the audacity to travel to a ground freaking zero city in my craptastic state, Florida, to celebrate a non-milestone birthday? He knows better than that, he’s only sorry he got caught. And he copped out by stating he’s young and healthy, so his risk is low? How does he know that? Many young and healthy people have either died or been permanently affected by COVId. Healthy people who now live with permanent heart issues, renal failure, asthma, etc. Where’s my cowbell, time for a public shaming.
I accept your apology, Dr Mike. 🤍
You took all proper actions, that's very responsible. Its very unfortunate that people are using your actions ro paint a picture that isn't true, but that's on them, not you.  Yes, as a media figure you could have tried to predict that and done more, but I don't personally think that makes it your fault or you're doing anything terrible here. You're following guidelines, you're quarantining. You're human. That's just how I feel
The worst apology video ever😑
The fact that he did the ”time-out”/”checks” to make sure he can party.🤦🏻‍♀️
Why not post on the main channel??
I get you, it was a birthday present and you haven't had fun in a long time. So I get that you're really sorry for what happened, it's really stressful right now. So I get that you needed some stress free activities.  I'll keep trying my best to do what you've been telling us, your viewers, so you try your best also. Not just doctor Mike, also everyone. Do your best, doesnt matter if you make mistakes along the way as long as you did try, that's enough.
lol. If you are sincere with your apology why not upload this to your main channel? 😂 Hypocrite.
Even tho he’s sorry because he got caught, doesn’y mean he didn’t learn. He gets one pass for me
Doctor Mike,  I admit I am not an avid watcher of your channel, due to personal stuff like school and family. However, I was happy that folks like you exist, that there was someone who guided everyone on how to stay safe, as well as non-COVID stuff that I enjoyed watching, like the memes. However, Doctor, I admit when I saw this video recommended, I was feeling disappointed. I was disappointed that you, a doctor who was SUPPOSED to set an example for all of us, letting your guard down. You could have called your friend and tell him that while you appreciate the gift, that you could have told him that we are in a pandemic and that it is best that you stay home. But you did not do that, you, like the politicians from both political parties- Democrat and Republican- who have been caught seeing at a restaurant, a hair salon, a mansion, without any masks or social distancing. I'm sorry to say this Dr. Mike, but you have lost credibility and trust. Not only you have lost credibility and trust with your subscribers and watchers like me, but you have lost credibility and trust with the patients who go up to you for medical advice. I surely hope you actually understand that. And Doctor, you frankly have put the folks in that 15-person party at risk, and hope to God they don't get COVID-19 and end up in an ICU where they are struggling to breathe, but as people say, you reap what you sow. And for the 1,000th time, upload this video on your main channel, not post this video to the community tab of your main channel, like UPLOAD this video, if you're all about honesty and transparency, which out of the bat shows you aren't about it.
Good luck Mike, I'm still giving you the benefit of doubt.
Cop out uploading this on here... Someone is trying to keep it low key. Hypocrisy at its finest.  Edit- stop shifting blame to the conspiracy theorists and anti-maskers.... Can you blame people? We've been locked down for half a year, listening to high profile people like yourself telling us one thing like we are children and then doing another thing behind the scenes. So carry on lecturing us peasants about how we should live...
🤣 I’m a female doctor and I know these dudes. His present was a bunch of women he doesn’t know in bikinis for him to ogle at??? Of course you’re putting people at risk - you may be living alone but you’re working so coming in contact with others and then socialising with people who you could be giving or receiving Covid from whilst asymptomatic on that boat
So much "holier than thou" attitude in the comments.  But I honestly would've done the same as him, even being in Italy, where I can't go fucking nowhere.  I see my friends 3 or 4 times a year (because of distance, university and life), having it restricted to 1 because of lockdown really bummed me down, especially when I see that people in charge barely did anything.   Slipping one time to a party? Not a big deal in my book, while covid is serious, we can't ask people to stay closed all year long at home while lunatics take moronic decisions up there where decision matter.  Just look at how bitter the comments section is just because of one slip from what they perceived as a perfect man.
Dr. Mike? It's okay. We all make mistakes. In the moment, it can be hard to make some decisions, even when you've stood by a particular decision in the past. One mistake doesn't make you a horrible person. I think you are free to make your choices and deal with the consequences. I have lost people to covid but I don't blame those who didn't wear a mask, I don't even fault those who got infected. It happens and life goes on. The world doesn't stop spinning, people don't freeze their lives just because we go through something difficult. Life. Goes. On. And I think you'll be alright. I still believe in you. You're human. We all are. You feel sorry and that's enough for me. I don't want to force you to do more just because I may or may not be upset.  Stay strong, Mike. Stay happy and healthy. ❤
Idk what to think here, u posted this apology on ur *second channel* which is kinda just showing ur not willing to fully admit ur mistake, ur hypocrisy is lowkey disappointing and ur a doctor for the love of god, I'm sorry but no argument on ur side is going to justify ur actions. This pandemic is real, it's serious and you've been saying that for god knows how long then u pull this bs. That being said, we do make mistakes and sometimes we act a little idiotic, but u did have the balls to (so-so) apologise, I'm not sure if u can be fully forgiven for what u did but hopefully we can all move on from this
He's human. He made a mistake and apologized. Let's learn from this and move on. I see Doctors doing the opposite of what they tell their patients to do all the time. They are human and are tempted the same as we are. Just go by any hospital cafeteria and you'll see Doctors and nurses eating unhealthy food or outside taking cigarette breaks. Their job is to help you by telling you the facts and it's your decision what you want to do with that information.
Absolute trash!!!
Ewan ko sayo!
I don't understand people in comments. Why do we need to be rude? Everybody makes mistakes.
the problem is he is a DOCTOR AND HE SEES 100 PLUS PATIENTS A DAY!!! if he did test positive he could have seriously infected all his sick vulnerable patients smdh... also... the reality is when you are in the helping profession you are held to higher standards...for example, social workers, psychologists, nurses, caregivers etc... sorry doctor mike but its obvious you said screw it because you were burn out from covid-19.. i feel like his reasons are all excuses.. he needs to be real... but glad he apologized
Another hypocrite...another mistake...but I believe in forgiveness and learning from your mistakes  <3
He bashed the “conspiracy theorist.” So much but doesn’t wear a mask.. or social distance mhmmmmm I wonder if they might be right about something...  I smell hypocrisy. You little puppet you.
Where are the masks Mike? At the moment of this photo, where the hell are all the masks being stored?
Omg he is just human! He is a doctor but as a human being he makes mistakes, he can submit to the moment o feel social pressure. Take it easy.
It's good that we hear an apology and not an excuse, still I understand how a lot of people feel strongly about this. I guess only time will tell if this is a "sorry I messed up, I'll be better" or a "sorry I got caught, I'll do it privately next time"
This is inevitable sad :( i send you love dr. 🤍 Our mistakes don't define us.  You just have to try harder
Thumbs up if you just became a Covid denier/skeptic
🤣🤣 I cant. My 30th birthday got canceled too. You wouldn’t be posting this video if your photos weren’t leaked. Hypocriteeeee☺️
As someone in the funeral trade this apology is lacking
ChubbyEmu would never do this, he’s now the uncontested king of doctors on YouTube.
Mama doctor jones' comment got deleted?
Ok seriously, stop hating, he's only human. There are so many people doing worse things than him and not apologizing for it -it doesn't matter which channel he posted it on, i'm glad he did.
This is like if mini Ladd was a middle school teacher. You really messed up bad man you really did.
Dr Mike did a Gabie Kook? What's up with influencers being adamant in celebrating their birthdays this year.
It looks like he's trying to act a script lol. Especially the whole, "we struggling" bit.
How many of u have gone out n not wear a mask? We r all guilty at some point... Let attack the virus not eo... Move on khrub!!! 😪😪😪
Do the right thing Mike. Post this apology video on your main channel with 6M followers and then post on IG. Come clean. Be professional for once.
So much for do no harm.....
My mom died in my home country in a car crash during covid. She was in the hospital 3 days after what happened and I couldn't be there for her. I am 15 and I already lost my mom and couldn't even go to her funeral. And you're here trying to make excuses you yourself debunked before. Disgusting. Completely and horribly disgusting.
Am I the only one who's feeling like an idiot?
Wtf is wrong with all these people? Most of yall are not staying at home a 100% of time why the hell are u coming for one individual??
You practice the Oath of the Hypocrites! Another tool that bites the dust!
The horrible thing is u putting this apology video on ur puppy channel so that not all of ur subscribers see this video. Bloody hypocrite.
I don't know why you are apologizing for, you deserve to live too, there's not a single person that has followed all the rules perfectly, Mike, live.
"So I checked the CDC website..." Hahahaha nice cop out.
I don't get why you should have to apologize. Greetings From germany
Bruh just have everyone put a picture of the ocean as your Zoom background, there’s your boat party.
He has a 2nd channel? Wow didn't know that
Why isn't this on your main channel?
Youre just a human. The pandemic is real and so is our mental health. Don’t let this get you down. This is the downside of being a public figure.
I remember when he didn’t have this many subs, he probably actually cared back then, wtf happened 😕
You were someone I looked up to. But you've just lost the trust.
My professor once said in a class, "no matter how many successful and groundbreaking surgeries you do, one lawsuit and you are done. So be careful, document everything, take a picture or a video when u explain the risks n complications."  The first part could be a good analogy for dr. Mike's situation right now.
I admire all you do for, strangers, doctors, nurses and also your patients. You give us knowledge in a way we can understand. Your videos are remarkable, interesting, intriguing and also funny (at times). You are amazing. Where can I get your merch? I live in the uk. I love your laugh by the way. Outstanding man. X
Wait what is happening?
Love how you didn't post this on your main channel. Really had me going, was convinced you had integrity.
Shut up I used to like you smh
Man stop roasting him soo much everyone has their own personal life. He is also a human he is bonded to make mistakes even iam a doctor I do have few situations where my presence is needed even in pandemic situation that doesn't Mean doctors don't have their own personal life  To be frank we are no one to question his personal life
I have a question. Why is this NOT on the main channel and on the smaller channel. Didn't expect this from you, man.
Recenty started watching kdramas n cant stop watching it hours in a day. Just like that after watching u i can stop watching urs. What should i do m getting mentally sick n tired but cant put a stop or pause. Help me
I don’t quite understand why he is apologizing. So he assessed his situation.  He determined if he followed certain guidelines he could minimize the risk, and if he quarantined after he returned home he could go back to work provided he didn’t test positive for COVID.  I’m reading the comments here and I can’t help but notice that people are outraged because they missed their families birthdays, parents funerals, holidays, etc.  So here’s the deal, NO ONE IS CHAINING YOU TO YOUR BEDROOM PREVENTING YOU TO GO AND INDULGE YOURSELVES IN THESE GATHERINGS. Each and every one of you, much like Doc Mike, should have made a risk assessment and determined all on your own whether the gathering was worth the risk or not.  Each and everyone of you should haven taken the appropriate measures upon your return to ensure minimal risk.  Missing out on those occasions should have been a very conscious decision. Doc Mike didn’t go to your mom’s birthday party and risked everyone.  He didn’t met with your family fir Thanksgiving and risked everyone. He didn’t attend the your dad’s funeral while you stayed home.  This isn’t the same.  He can go party with six women on a boat for allI care.  I still won’t go to my mother’s birthday for fear of exposing her to COVID.  That’s my decision. Perhaps many of you should take ownership of your decisions on this as well instead of fueling this weird rage over something like this.
We are all human, and this year has been extraordinarily tough. We all deserve some sort of respite.  I love how you are willing to humble yourself and apologize. That is a true strength.💜  To the negative people out there: Have Grace, Doctors are human too and can also make mistakes.  Owning up to it, is what counts.
Admitting When I'm Wrong more like Admitting when I'm caught
you didn’t even have the balls to put this on your main channel, embarrassing
No one is perfect but you are truly close. Thank you for addressing this and you please know that you inspire us to be better human beings.🧡🧡🧡
Admitting When I'm Wrong more like Admitting when I'm caught
Admitting When I'm Wrong more like Admitting when I'm caught
Admitting When I'm Wrong more like Admitting when I'm caught
Why didn’t you post this on your main channel?
I didn't even know he had a second channel. Why not post this on your main channel so most people can see it?
Admitting you’re wrong... on your second, smaller channel?  I’ve lost all respect for you. Unsubbing.
1 - nobody is perfect. 2 - everyone messes up at some point. Don't beat yourself up.
You did have so much credit and trust...😓😓
Ooooh, buddy 😬
Reading throu some of these comments has me shocked bad. Who is anyone to be disappointed and upset with him? Is there a reason you hold him more  accountable than your own immediate family .  I get that his a doctor and influencer but he’s still a person, and making a bad decision is just a fact of life. And I understand why this on wasn’t put on this table.   a lot of ppl are tearing  him apart over this just because he made a bad choice it doesn’t make other informative videos he made invalid. There was a lot of comments saying along the line  “ this show you who he really is as a person” when it really doesn’t, some comments point out things they’ve missed out on and sacrificed as he didn’t sacrifice and miss out on things too.... it’s just wild to believe how intensely  everyone is tearing him apart  over  something that is/has been extremely difficult for everyone to cope with
"Sorry I got caught." Rules for thee, not for me.
"Sorry I got caught." Rules for thee, not for me.
"Sorry I got caught." Rules for thee, not for me.
"Sorry I got caught." Rules for thee, not for me.
"Sorry I got caught." Rules for thee, not for me.
"Sorry I got caught." Rules for thee, not for me.
"Sorry I got caught." Rules for thee, not for me.
"Sorry I got caught." Rules for thee, not for me.
"Sorry I got caught." Rules for thee, not for me.
"Sorry I got caught." Rules for thee, not for me.
So you posted this on your second channel? Really shows the type of person you are. You’re not really being transparent to your subscribers. I’ve supported you and your content, but I’m extremely disappointed. You’ve just lost all credibility.
Selfish
Why this video is not on the main channel
Dr. Mike: makes a video apologizing and staying he did somthing wrong.  Also Dr. Mike: *starts video with a flex* (my friend invited me to a private boat)
it's okay!! we're human, we make mistakes. don't be so hard on yourself!! if u werent an influencer this wouldn't be a problem, but since you are an influencer, you're being held on a pedestal. Don't take the hate to heart. we love u!!
Lol look at this guy trying to fish for excuses to make what he did ok. Bye
You are a hypocrite and a coward to post the apology on a second channel nobody knows about.
Blah blah blah blah.....bye Dr. Mike. 😑
Well, you are just a human after all. I was surprised to see the present your friends gave you was a party with lots of bikini wearing hot women, i mean a lot. Seeing the pictures (which obviously was spread by someone on that boat) was really shocking when here you talk with high and all mighty about the pandemic. Some 'true' friends you have there. I am a healthcare worker too and I thought you were a different kind of celeb doctor who truly support the cause and the fight against covid19 by educating and giving the right example for people, but no, you are just the same as other ignorant public figures. Congratulations on the millions of view you are gonna have on this video, that's all that matters right? likes and views. Really disappointed of you Dr. Mike.
I didn’t know you were this much of a scumbag. You’re apology was on your WAY smaller channel?! It is SO hypocritical of you so preach these things and then just out and put others at risk?! You’re a FAMILY doctor! You can put TONS of people at risk, including CHILDREN! But no, you just HAD to go party in miami cause it was more important than others lives and what you stand for?  People DIED due to the ignorance of others like you, and we expected you of all people to follow this. People had their birthdays at home, on zoom calls, etc. while you, a hot rich white man gets to go out and party and make half assed excuses saying you made a mistake and you’ll reflect?! Ik people make mistakes, it’s only human. But this mistake lost people’s respect for him, and could possibly cost people’s lives. He is a DOCTOR and constantly preaches about social distancing. He SHOULD know better.
“I am young and healthy” is what everybody says right before they catch the virus🤡 plus posting this on your second channel which nobody knows it exists is kinda shady don’t you think? and this was the worst apology I’ve ever seen☠️
I think your real mistake was this apology... the wording has come across as something to prevent backlash and not as a genuine acknowledgement that you did something wrong. I really like you and your content, but this apology just kind of came across as disingenuous.   I say this with love: you should really take some time to think about why people are upset and why people are disappointed instead of just realizing they’re upset and posting a thoughtless apology.
Incredibly disappointed in you. I used to enjoy your videos, but I've lost a ton of respect for you.
Regardless of what you do, you don't deserve anyone to be negative or rude to you.
He made a mistake and he is sorry for that Go easy on dr. Mike ♥️ even from this we are learning something and that is why he is here  Being public person makes it really hard to be...person... and even harder for us as viewers to remember that Every mistake is under microscope I can't imagine how hard that is
I don’t leave my house
"wear a mask " huh and proceeds to fly to FUCKING MIAMI without a mask with random girls in bikini and gets caught partying then uploads a apology video which is not even a proper apology considering how much he PREACHED ABOUT WEARING A FUCKING MASK wow Dr.Mike ur a huge scumbag
Okay can someone explain me why is it wrong if he didn’t put anyone at risk but himself? I’m genuinely curious because most of these comments just sound like “I suffer so you must suffer too”. Before you come at me with your assumptions, I don’t go outside and if I do I wear a mask.
wow i didnt know Dr.Mike was a scumbag
Maybe just MAYBE... all these experts aren't accurately describing the risk of COVID.  Actions speak louder than words and we can tell by yours just how seriously you take the virus.  Now if only the sheep would open their eyes...
I am really surprised... This isn't the typical Dr. Mike behavior.  You are losing your focus on something you have been preaching for months... It's disheartening and disgusting.  Public figures are held to a higher standard, Doctor Mike!  Your gross misjudgement and flagrant disregard for your own daily health advisories has damaged your fans view of you. What a devastating choice you made. How are you going to make it right now that the damage is done?
You are a strong person. I admire you.
What did u do mike idu
Now did you really do the quarantine on getting back? Did everyone else do it too? Really? -- You are right about risk varying by individual. Just because you were naughty & get away with it doesn't mean SARS-CoV-2 will let the next person get away with it. I've increased my precautions again since cases are spiking vs letting my guard down. I've gone back to pickup delivery vs even going into stores again.
I love it when they eat themselves.
Cancel this fake. We enabling him to earn more and more 💰 while he lies
Only thing I'll do from now is just to preach knowledge through his videos and never expect anything else from Dr. Mike . Thanks🙂
You get to safely quarantine for 2 weeks while there are hospital doctors in america  who haven’t who haven’t had a day off in over 200 days? Must be nice...😒
Dr covid!!!! Wassup 😜🤟
It takes a big man to say these words. Thank you ❤️ apology accepted over here
I have a feeling this will end his Career in Youtube & Medical Field, He really put more Gas into the fire of this Pandemic, especially lying about the CDC guidelines that effect so many people, oh well that’s what you get if you put your health profession in Social Media and make a profit, that’s why I never really watch his videos, until this came to my YouTube Feeds cuz there’s something fishy about him, it’s going to take 7 years of hiding to recover from this I tell y’all. This really show that he’s in it only for the money, just look at his friends & the people that he surrounded with in the photo, he probably cheat his way out of college too, now he just illegitimize all Doctors, & make me kind of not trust my doctor too, thanks bro, hope you can reflect, nice fake glasses too
This apology  just sounded like it was damage control and very scripted and not something from the heart.
any person who actually cares: *spends birthday alone*  doctor: *goes on a yacht* ImM SoRrY GuYS It WaS a MiStAKe! risking people's lives isn't a mistake. You're a doctor for ffs
I wonder what would Dr Fauci say...
How many sponsors and tv shows are dropping you? You should have started with I messed up, and left all the BS in the beginning off.
I have a feeling this will end his Career in Youtube & Medical Field, He really put more Gas into the fire of this Pandemic, especially lying about the CDC guidelines that effect so many people, oh well that’s what you get if you put your health profession in Social Media and make a profit, that’s why I never really watch his videos, until this came to my YouTube Feeds cuz there’s something fishy about him, it’s going to take 7 years of hiding to recover from this I tell y’all. This really show that he’s in it only for the money, just look at his friends & the people that he surrounded with in the photo, he probably cheat his way out of college too, now he just illegitimize all Doctors, & make me kind of not trust my doctor too, thanks bro, hope you can reflect
As a nurse in New York I can3t believe you are this much of a hypocrite.  You made a bunch of excuses and traveled to Florida even though you didn't need too. I cancelled my first trip home in a year because numbers are rising. You have lost a follower and I have lost all respect for you.
You don’t make excuses when you apologise.
Post this video on your main channel, it will make your apology more believable.
Granted he, being a doctor, should know better than anyone to do things of controversy like this especially being in the public eye everywhere..however, he is still human and had a lapse of judgement. We as humans are social beings and we don't do well solitarily, hence why they have the "SHU" in prisons..solitary confinement as punishment. He is human and made a mistake. Get over it. He apologized, granted he needs to post it on his main channel however we all need to realize celebs of all statures are just humans underneath the celeb costumes..nothing more nothing less..just people that can and will make mistakes. Its what we do and take from those lessons that make us or break us. Forgive and move on. Practice NOT Perfection.
He’s a human being and couldn’t take it being home alone anymore and he fucked up . Calling him names won’t turn back time and make his trip go away ! You live and you learn .
Bless you Dr. Mike!
You don’t have to apologize for anything, we’re all human Dr. Mike! Thank you for caring enough to apologize, but we all need a break sometimes. Don’t be so hard on yourself. Thank you for all you do! Much love ❤️
Your words are authentic. Missteps happen to EVERYONE, those who thoughtfully reflect, successfully navigate their path with effective resolve.   Self-love & self-forgiveness starts within you. Turn the page, propel forward leading with your collective experiences, not this single snapshot in time. You got this!
Dear Mr. Mike,  I have been following you for awhile now, so do not under any circumstances tell me you are sorry for YOu trying to be a Human. HUMAN! you are a human. And Are NOW becoming Anxious, not cautious by giving me this line of BS. Yes, medical people need to be respected and not put on a pedestal like your life depends on it. It does not. I am happy that you did a collab with LegalEagle and expressing yourself more, but do not under any circumstance go back on who and what you are. Accept Risk and Consequence of actions yes but not up to the point of Cowaring down yourself so other people can feel better about themselves and that is exactly what you are starting to do. I like you mike, but plz understand what battles that are at play here. The battles are of life and death of THis Country's Liberties. If you can't see that well I am sorry you have been lost. Lost on what it truely means to be living in the land of the free. I am not talking about the actual disease but the Fearmongering that is being used to control the people of this country. You yourself should know the facts that this actual virus is Not deadly to most of the public, so why give in to the power plays that are happening. That is the battle, sir. I know I have to wear mine for work too, but there are times and places where it is unnecessary. Again, The real plague came and went in 1906 in San Fran(ASk a Mortician video- even she went back to her real name Caitlin; liked that collab too by the way) Just keep doing you and don't try to go back, go forward and learn that this thing(mongering) has to end.
The real lesson here is, take precautions if you're scared of covid. And if someone doesn't want to wear a mask, mind your own business and stay 6ft away from them. Open the country let people live their life. And if people want to wear a mask and stay home, mind YOUR own business and let THEM be. Basically what the president has been advising us to do all year.
You’re apologizing and saying you messed up because of the impact of what you did to your message? Then you’re missing the point. I’m saying this as a fan.   While public impact is indeed a major issue of what you did, what’s even more important than that, is the reason it had such an impact. Part of the reason it was so impactful was because you’re a famous doctor who’s on YouTube and can reach a lot of people. But really? Honestly? The main reason this was impactful was because you did not follow the CDC guidelines. You did not maintain 6 feet of social distance or wear a mask. As you said, this directly contradicts what you’ve been saying for so long now. It’s the hypocrisy you’ve displayed that makes this an issue, and not just you being famous and a doctor. With this action, as you should already be aware, you could very well have been responsible for the spread of the infection, and possible passing of some of the elderly in Florida.   And if I can be considered for constructive criticism here, I would tell you that this apology does not come off as sincere for several reasons. Firstly, you not apologizing specifically for the thing you actually did wrong; not wearing a mask. Secondly, you’re right that those precautions that you took aren’t relevant to the issue. But, you still opted to mention them in your apology video. Anyone that sees this will automatically recognize that you’re just pettifogging the issue. Mentioning all the right things you did is not relevant to what you messed up on, and I’m really disappointed in you not recognizing that.   Thirdly and finally, you didn’t even post this on your main and most popular channel. That’s the height of insincerity. You got caught in public doing something wrong, and you’re making your apology less public than the issue. That makes zero sense. You need to apologize as publicly as possible of you aim to maintain credibility. I hope you take what I’ve said here as constructive.   As of now, I’m going to unsubscribe from your channel until you post a formal and public apology on your main channel without mentioning all the right things you did. I sure hope you do because I do follow you a lot and reference you to many people.
I found your videos via Facebook last week and I found your YT a few days ago.  I saw those pictures circulating and I honestly did not think anything negative. Its safe to say I know from watching your videos of how passionate of a doctor you are and the safety measures you took in order to go on this trip. People put you on such a high pedestal and seem to forget that although you are a doctor your life doesn't stop. I feel how genuinely sorry you are Thank you for the apology video.  ❤ PEEWOOOPPPPP ⚡
Please leave this man alone. Does anyone know the psychological of social distancing while maintaining a normal life. I have been able to meet with small groups and I won’t regret that bc of a pandemic rule. If you’re going to get sick then you are. If you’re going to die then you are. Life is about taking chances and learning from experiences. It is truly disgusting to see “supporters” act as if he should be held at a higher standard
Damn y’all are sensitive as fuck, he made a mistake relax.
You followed safety guidelines, you intended to follow the guidelines once back home, you didn't break any laws (that I'm aware of); you've been hypervigilant. Cut yourself some slack. Don't hold yourself to the superhuman standards that some of your commenters are, it's only going to end up with you getting burnt out.
Is this an apology or a celebrity making excuses?  Not sure anymore ... for a birthday party? how lame.
You partied with pornstars on that boat, lol you a cornball bro apologizing only cus you got caught
1:00 The guideline you highlighted clearly says 8 to 10 people max but there's 15 people, including you, in that photo...  Unless 15 people really was 50% or less or of the boat's rated capacity then...good for you and your friends to be able to afford a boat that big during these times then...
Yeah hypocrite, glad I unsubscribed months ago
I believe that he knew better this far into the pandemic and that he will learn from this in the future. Until then,  I hope that he stayed safe enough not to have gotten covid that ultimately the biggest takeaway his personal safety then the influence he has over people.
ya all be hating  on this man too much he's only human and makes mistakes he was at a party and having fun and must of forgotten about the protocols most of you  would of done the same be honest
What a hypocrite. We ALL don’t like being stuck inside dude...at least I can just admit that. You’re just sorry you got caught. I’m not buying your crocodile tears. All I heard you say is “I messed up but I’m not the evil person here, OtHeR people are. I’m HuMaN. I’m bEiNg UsED “🙄
He's acknowledging and apologizing. Leave 'im alone
why tf are you guys even upset honestly. he went on a trip. who cares.
Bro screw these fools that are bitter coz they don't have a life. We are all trying to stay safe, but we are social animals! Getting together with friends insmall groups is 100% acceptable and you have nothing to be ashamed of. Stop bowing down to the loud
Regardless of how many guidelines you read, this is such a bad look. We've desperately tried to get people to follow rules and think of others and yet there you went. Extremely disappointed.
My Grandma spent the last two weeks of her life in quarantine treated like a leper because of these protocols. Sickcare system.
Why didn’t you post this on your main account?
Fascinating that you’re acknowledging that you messed up and are saying you wanna do better, but are posting this on your second channel that most of your followers don’t know about 🙃🙃 Say it with your chest and apologize on main, or don’t bother doing it at all, cause it just feels fake.
This is not an apology - he’s subtly defending his actions!    Mike, show this it to all of your 6.5 million subscribers!
Is Corona virus real?
But he clearly followed all the rules and looked it up before he left on the boat.
🤩I couldn’t go to my aunts funeral because I was following the rules. 🤩also couldn’t celebrate my birthday this year.🤩I spent 8 months going through one of the ‘toughest’ lock downs in the world. -You could have celebrated at another time 😔
For all of those on here criticizing Mike, I respect it. Constructive criticism is important. I agree that instant forgiveness isn’t necessary here. After all, this will have indeed impacted some people negatively. With that said, those that are on here just hating on the man, you’re not really doing anything productive. Saying that he’s talking like an anti-masker is silly when you know he’s not. Some of you are literally just drawing imaginary parallels. Let’s keep the criticism constructive.
Just more proof that this virus is nowhere near as dangerous as these "experts" make it out to be. I just hope the brainwashed sheep will take the half baked vaccine and everything will go back to normal.
Why don’t this you post this on your main channel
Dr. Mike I almost never comment on YouTube. But all I could find were comments to the contrary of how I feel, so i felt I needed to say something. No one has the right to shame you because you made one mistake. We all make mistakes. I hope you know there are those of us who still support you and love you. I have learned so much from your videos. This one incident does not invalidate all of the good you have done. Please dont disappear. Dont let people "cancel" you. We need you
Y’all need to stop hating, yeah he apologized but you don’t got to keep saying he’s a trash doctor and saying hateful things. Everyone makes mistakes but it doesn’t mean you should hate on them for it. Move on with your life and worry about your own actions.
So dissapointed, there are doctors (my sister among them) who are so tired and exhausted because of covid...and there are doctors like you
Being able to apologize and acknowledge your mistake is already a great virtue that many people overlook and less people do. We are all humans and mistakes aren't avoidable even by the best of people. Seeing all these critiques about you didn't say this, didn't do that, should've done this really reveals the type of people they are...since when has there been requirements to complete in order for the public to "feel" satisfied of someone's mistake. They are obviously hard on you because you are a doctor but I hope they critique themselves as hard not just on how they've been doing in this pandemic but the kind of person they are. We are in a culture of criticizing, not enough self-improvement, and not being able to forgive (so much for mental health and as if no one has ever done anything regrettable). Stay safe and continue to grow Dr. Mike! 🌱
I guess I never paid attention to what you do on your own time. I do like the solid medical advice in this channel, though!
You are still a great person.
Nice apology but it would be even nicer if people could not do things like this and put all of our lives at risk
Omg people need to cut Dr Mike some slack here. He’s a human being for crying out loud. He’s admitted his mistake. Which is more than most people or politicians (as some of the more immature people on here) are comparing him too, are capable of.  Dr Mike, my sincerest apologies to you that you are having to face such harsh backlash for being a human and fallible. God forbid you can make an honest mistake and actually have the strength of moral to admit to it. All of these “perfect” humans here casting you into the role of the devil for one mistake. I’m sure their lives are not mistake free. Please do not be so hard on yourself.  You made an error in judgement. You admitted it. You apologised.  From one fallible human being to another I don’t see you as any less of the wonderful human being you are. I hope you have a wonderful Christmas  Love to you and Bear xo
To be honest, when I saw the pic on the yawt it didn't bother me that much.  Dr Mike, I really appreciate your humility in saying what you did. We need humble doctors. They are the ones who truly are giving their patients good care!! Keep it up
You talk like a politician, you apologize because you got caught not because you meant it
Respect is no more
We humans are so messed up that we are ready to criticize people when they fail at something. I’ve never seen such amount of people canceling and throwing shade at him, it’s crazy that they have never talked about how kind-hearted he is, and all the contributions he has given to us. We love you Dr. Mike!
Lol what's happening?
Fifteen people on the boat that we could seen in the photo, many of those didn’t look like personal friends rather hired personnel, but that part is just my comprehension of the situation by the looks of it. The facts are you were with fifteen people, exceeded the maximum number of people, don’t say you didn’t.  To the people who didn’t see the photos: he wasn’t not wearing a mask only to swim, he was maskless completely dry, sunbathing, getting champagne and taking pictures extremely close to people. We are all tired of COVID, pal. Your problem is your lies and the absolute massive hypocrisy. Also you live alone? Weren’t you visiting your father in Miami? Is he not at risk? What about the other people there? Same situation as you? And the airport?  We have to be honest with people. Honest and authentic. If you want to apologize, post it on your main account and actually apologize for your mistakes, not because of the indirect consequences of it.
Those of us who are “healthcare providers on the frontline” are ashamed of your selfish actions. Your words are hollow. Own it. Just own it. We can tell sincerity when we see it which we did not. Colleagues have spent 256 straight days in covid units and you act like this?!
thank you for taking responsibility
This is why I stopped looking up to people on the Internet (influencers, Youtubers, etc.) They will always, inevitably, disappoint you.
Such a shame! If a  doctor acts this way then what do you expect from the public. No matter what,  you always have a choice.
Dude if you wanna take risks then it’s fine don’t apologize for making decisions and living  And the WHO is a Chinese shill
are you shitting me? and what even is this channel...I didn't know this one existed. typical influencer behavior. except he's supposed to be a doctor first and foremost.
Perhaps you need some essential oils to calm down your attention urges. I don't follow what other people's say, I do as I wish and I believe in what I choose to take seriously, like a mask. I still believe in doctors and their passion for their profession, I will always admire them even if they are no youtubers. You as a person, I am no one to judge, I don't know who you really are and couldn't care less, but you need to work on your mental state and emotional too. I highly recommend essential oils, aromatherapy as well, because medicine cannot cure ego issues. Good luck to you.
It's hard seeing him mess up like this... I've been strictly following all the "rules" since the pandemic started. I'm doing my first year of college online and it's so incredibly draining. I haven't seen my friends or family since March.  And I don't even have it the worst! People are dying... people's families and friends are dying! Even though I know I'm doing the right thing, I just feel like I'm doing this all for nothing since no one else seems to be following the rules. ☹️ It feels like this is never going to end because people think they're the exception.
Okay I understand what mike did was not the right thing to do but to bash him like that is unacceptable. We are all humans and we all make mistakes. What’s important is that he acknowledged his mistake and apologized.
Are you all being serious rn? He is a human being, he can't ve perfect all the time. And don't even try to tell me that you haven't done 1 thing that is against the rules this whole year. C'mon y'all be serious. Yes, he is a doctor and since he is a role model to lots of people he should've been more careful with it. But again... he is a person.  We all mess up. He knows he is wrong and I know that his apology isn't the best tbh.. but he apologized and I'm 100% sure that he knows what he did wrong.
I could literally use his own clips from his past pandemic videos as a response to this apology
The fact you have you say sorry for leaving your city......smh
Funny how he still signed off his video with "stay happy and healthy" 😂 how are we supposed to take that serious now?! So disappointing
This was half asses. If you truly are apologetic, post it on your main page. Take a look at these comments. Nobody is falling for it. Come on dude, what a hypocrite
i never thought a doctor would get in drama lmao
I thought you where better then this . You have co-workers that are putting them self at risk everyday , working as hard as they can , what would you say to them ?  I thought doctors had to take something called the Hippocratic oath , sounds more like a Hypocrite oath from you . You don't even have the guts to put this on your real channel .
I know youre gonna delete the bad comments. Don't act like you wont. Even if you still do what you did is still gonna be on the internet for everyone to see. I am so dissapointed in you. I am nobody, that is true,  but how can you give such a half hearted apology on something YOU have made a big deal about over and over and over again this past year. This is isn't as small as you may think it is. You have caused a chain reaction, one of your followers saw that a doctor they were following going to a big party and now they're going to think "well if Dr Mike did it then I can do it!" because they will, don't act like they wont because they will. And you may not have gotten covid but within the chain reaction you caused a person will.
Lol Doctor Mike, you are human!! All of us have let our guards down at some point during the pandemic when we probably shouldn’t have. They’ll be fine.
I’m so lost.... I don’t even know how I got here. Lol what party? I’m assuming there was no social distancing going on. I really want to understand your reasoning but I just can’t... For these past months I wore a mask with my friends stayed away from the clubs watched funerals on zoom. Due to all these restrictions I naturally think better. You’re a whole doctor and you thought it was okay to party on a boat. Meanwhile, I’m watching close friends die or being hospitalized. We look up to you man. I’m gonna forgive you, I’m so glad you didn’t post this on your main page. The backlash could be worst.
I believe its easy to make a mistake during covid-19. If no one made a mistake i highly dought your human. And it is hard definitly when you just want to have fun like normal. It emotionly does really effect a person. So yeah i would say its a mistake its only once as long as right after he got tested and quarantined. Doctor Mike I know it must be hard with everyone looking to you for guildence during this virus. I know you can do better just keep trying. And really anyone. I know some people are doing better then others but lets keep trying :)
This, IMO, is one of the most manipulative and stretch-the-truth type apologies I've seen. You intentionally didn't directly explain the purpose of your trip because you probably knew about the party. You made it sound like you went there to visit your father by saying, "I went down to Miami to my father's apartment" (Notice his use of words there). I read another comment that said his father is in NY, so why else did he go to Miami? If this isn't true, then I apologize...but if it is, wtf? I watched your videos from the beginning of this pandemic and took your words seriously because you're a doctor. Now you're going to take that all back by saying that you aren't at risk because you're young and healthy? Wtf? Don't you have patients? What about others' health? Aren't you putting them at risk?
Dont worry hun, youre human, we still love you
What’s the difference between this instance and having schools open. My county in rural Missouri is suffering with over 600 cases and 18 deaths. If anything, the people commenting should be made at people like us who have not done anything. I am one of very few who goes to school and actually wears a mask. We still go out to eat and do our business, but we wear masks.
Don’t be a sheep to the gov guidelines, fight for your freedom instead of apologising for passively allowing them to take it away
Eh we are merely human beings after all. We make mistakes. We always seem to fall short of expectations including our own. Its what we do, it’s who we are. The smart ones take responsibility, apology accepted.
While he is correct that the public may have misinterpreted his actions, he did nothing wrong. I don’t feel that he did anything to put anyone at risk. The only issue with what happened is that if other people see what happened, they may not understand the steps he took and still takes to be safe. That I don’t feel is his fault. Doctor mike has always been and still is an amazing person, who uses his medical knowledge to make the world a better place. This changes nothing for me, and it shouldn’t for you. There is nothing wrong with having some fun if you are mindful of the guidelines set by the CDC. He did nothing wrong, and it breaks my heart that people are trying to take an action out of context to attack him or the science. I urge you all to continue to support doctor mike. He truly is an amazing person.
What is this nonsense😂😭😭😭
Interesting how you posted this here instead of to your main channel.  This virus may be behind a lot of people dying, but it's also shown us what useless people some larger youtubers are.  A half-hearted apology isn't an apology, it's a excuse for an apology.  You're just a jerk with more money than sense.  I'm ashamed that I ever clicked on a video.  I hope your views crash and your glasses always get scratched.
I'm kinda heartbroken... I didn't even go to say goodbye to my cousin, who passed away from cancer a month ago... And to see this? Yeah. I'm disappointed. But I guess we all make mistakes... I can respect the honesty and transparency. But still sucks. I just hope you learn from this.
The apology would seem a lot more sincere without the many attempts at trying to rationalise decisions that directly contradicts the very same, unambiguous, non negotiable advice you've consistently espoused for months.  How many people will think if a dr doesn't have to adhere to the rules, why should I?  I'm young, so it's okay, I live alone so it's okay, I'll just quarantine... etc. 2020 has been an incredibly difficult year, for everyone.  When it comes to adhereing to covid rules, they're not up for interpretation and we can't simply pick and choose to opt in or out. Everyone makes mistakes.  However, there is a very big difference between forgetting to bring your mask to the supermarket and flying across the country for a social gathering that contravenes covid regulations. I appreciate the acceptance that you've messed up, but don't delegate responsibility for decisions you've made.  Edit: It is not necessary for 'bad actor's' to use your situation for nefarious purposes.  The problem is people directly emulating your actions.
a minute in you list off what info you checked off before going to a party and pressing bodies together for a picture. Its sounds good to mention the size of the boat to distance each other, when you were smooshing together for a picture. Why even mention what you prepared for when it turned out to be irrelevant what the regulation said, "Dont wear mask" means "It's okey to huddle up with lots of people if its for a picture"? When you explain it it kinda feels like you think Im stupid.  Im still gonna watch your ch now and again, but not a great video.
I guess, he's not a real doctor now..😢
Really disappointing. Just goes to show you really don't know anyone on social media. I trusted you!! disgusted but not surprised.
I haven’t done the right thing the entire time. I have not gone to parties or anything, but when the numbers are low enough that there is less of a chance of spread, you can afford to make some decisions to socialize smartly with only certain people. Right now my area is back in lockdown, so this doesn’t apply for me now, but the negative comments on this video are just so patronizing. Most people haven’t been perfect in this pandemic. We are human and require social contact to not go crazy. Don’t put down others because they’ve come clean. That’s not a good look on you.
"errare humanum est, perseverare autem diabolicum" , he's a human being, a very good one.
Watched this before seeing the pictures. And wow- you vastly understated this. At the beginning you say you “want to talk about about this trip bc you learned a lesson” No. You didn’t learn this- you knew this was wrong, hypocritical, and that it would impact thousands given your reach. You knew and did not care. This was deliberate and disgusting.
You’ve taken the first step in seeing the error in your judgment and it’s good that you’ve taken responsibility. Going forward always remember that you’re a doctor and had you got COVID without knowing you could’ve given it to a patient even when being safe you could pass it on because even though you’re healthy your  patients are not and you know not everyone shows symptoms. You should repost this on your main channel but it’s good that you didn’t keep quiet or wait for this to blow over a lot of people look up to you with you being a health care worker.
Dr. Mike, we know it's been difficult. Happy Birthday my friend. I feel that the ones that are truly your followers including me, can see how much pain this has caused you. It looks as if you are about to tear up, your heart aches. We see that you care about us. From your trip, of course, we were just astounded because we were not expecting someone like you to do such a thing. But unlike millions of others, you came out, very quickly and apologized because you know your magnitude, that being a physician is so much more than one-sided. You know that being a health care provider means to provide transparency, loyalty, and respect. Dr.Varshavski. We forgive you and respect your words. Much love my friend💙.
my family couldn't even say goodbye to a family member or hold a funeral because of this virus but you can go party lol hypocrite and insensitive.
Dr. Mike at it again deleting negative comments
Rules for thee and not for me amirite?
Gotta say, I disagree with the criticism this is getting. It was a mistake, he's human, it happens. Honestly seems to me like people are just taking out their frustrations at the whole pandemic on Dr. Mike because he's a visible and accessible figure. I'm not saying he shouldn't be criticized, but there are tons of people with more power who've acted way worse but would never even think of apologizing, yet they'll never get an ounce of criticism for it because they just don't even acknowledge that what they're doing is wrong.   Responding angrily like a lot of these comments are just makes people want to never apologize in the first place. People need to take a step back and not let anger and frustration guide their responses.
Really where does he go from here on in? How will his family practice see him? The embarrassment to him and his family. How will other YouTuber respond to this? It boggles my mind how a YouTube doctor could think that photos of him on big boat wouldn’t get out🤪
You putting this on your 2nd channel instead of your main channel is just very telling of your intentions. I used to respect you and was actually rooting for you to be different from the others but in the end you are the same. You have fallen into the same category as Tana, Jake,  and all the other creators.
mmhmm
Nothing says backhanded apology more than posting one on your side channel.
I just started getting into your videos and it’s crazy that this has surfaced. To be a doctor putting out the content you’re putting out but turning up on a boat with people is ridiculous. No masks, you touching on people’s faces, they’re touching you, and y’all just parlaying like covid is nonexistent. Respect was definitely lost and putting this on your second channel instead of your main is cowardly. If you wanna say you made a mistake, okay...but stand on it, own it, and be wholeheartedly honest with the people who support you. This “apology” is a crock of bs to me bc you knowingly participated in something you knew was unsafe and are now issuing damage control bc you on camera and it’s out. Do better💁🏾‍♀️😶
Not gonna lie, I lost alot of respect for you as both a doctor and a youtuber. You're apart of the problem why many Americans are not taking this pandemic seriously. On the one hand, you've been telling your viewers to be cautious and on the other your partying like an reckless idiot.
Dr. Mike, my husband's aunt passed away two weeks ago in Missouri; my husband couldn't make it due to the pandemic as we were living in Texas. My grandfather is dying in Ohio, and I will not get to say goodbye and most likely will not be able to attend his funeral if/when he passes. I'm so disappointed in you. I'm furious that sadly it's people like YOU that are being irresponsible by traveling cross states and gathering socially that seriously effects my life. My husband NEVER got to way goodbye to his aunt, and I possibly will NEVER get to say goodbye to my grandfather. I spent most of this year living in El Paso, TX, where mobile morgues have been set up across the city because so many people are dying from this disease. This pandemic is going to get worse before it gets better, folks. Especially when we have MEDICAL DOCTORS acting so irresponsibly. Dr. Mike, please consider people like me that have isolated, quarantined, and distanced religiously for 8 months before you party in Miami with your friends again. Unbelievable. Apology not accepted.
I think for the safety of your fans that watch your main channel you should have put this in your 6M subscriber channel because they might make an excuse to do whatever in this pandemic because of the obvious reason.
Do as I say, not as I Do.
Dr. Mike, why not post this on your main channel, you know, the one with millions of followers that pays for your extravagant lifestyle?
I was highly disappointed with Dr.mike issues. To be honest I, myself, I’m a teenager and wouldn’t do it even it was a surprise. I wished you had put this video in your main account because that is where most of your supporters interact with you via comments. However, I have to weigh out your mistakes and your good deeds. I think we should all not attack him for one mistake he made throughout his YouTube career. Trust me the mistake is deadly and wrong. But there is a lot of good that came out of his YouTube than most of other YouTubers. The truth is we had held him to high standards and not realistic ones. He is human made a mistake and at least apologized for it. He has done much more good than bad. At least acknowledge the many good acts when criticizing him.
cmon dude at least post this on your main channel :(
Make sure you judge yourselves before you judge others. Before you hate on dr. Mike think back to if you made a mistake too
What did I miss?
This is like the Denver mayor telling his residents to stay home for Thanksgiving an hour before he got on a plane. I have had ENOUGH with people in charge or that have influence telling people what to do but doing their own thing. Being famous and wealthy does not make someone about the rules. Maybe if politicians, celebrities, and "experts" actually practiced with they preached, the rest of America would follow suit. I would be far less upset about these actions if they weren't so infuriatingly hypocritical.
I'm confused???
It's weird to me that you would go to a yatch party and not wear masks, especially since you've been one of my sources for trustworthy info. But I hope you are truthful and learning from this. I have also judged close friends for meeting other people without knowing the full story on what safety measures they took to be safe, so I won't do the same with you. But may the internet gods have mercy on you.
You did nothing wrong.  Stop acting like you killed a litter of puppies.
who else came here to just read the comments? 🙋🏻‍♀️
the only thing he is sorry for is that he got caught.
Imagine spending years building a reputation for yourself just to throw it all away for a stupid party. And there were clearly more than 10 people on that boat, no need to lie. Not only this but after he did this he made a video trying to cancel a brand when hes the one who screwed up.
You Are A bad liar like you didn't know there was going to be a party there are people dying and your telling us to say inside when your at a party😷
Life is all about choices. You made a choice that affects your life not mine.,you looked at the guidelines and protocols, Like Rafiki says you learn from the past. ( lion king reference)
Let the guy be... he's done so many positives things - let him be human
Unsubscribed...not that it really matters
It's good to acknowledge when we err. Yhe people I really object to are those who blithely go around maskless and don't think the rules apply to them. Thinking of how many people traveled over Thanksgiving whild medical personnel and experts in infectious diseases, how many would have been exposed and could stress an already fragile medical systems, I could weep.
wanna bet this will blow over in a manner of days
You were my favorite Dr and literally my inspiration... I'm so disappointed.. I really hope you can right this mistake somehow...
THIS is what 2020 needed more of. Humility, integrity, the ability to admit publicly when you’ve messed up AND learn from your mistakes. We are all flawed people and we are all on our own journeys filled with learning, mistakes and hardships.
This is why I don't take this pandemic seriously at all anymore. All of these celebrities and politicians are going on vacations, to parties, and visiting family. Mean while the rest of us have to live under house arrest? No, I'm sorry. The behavior and hypocrisy of politicians and celebrities is out of control. The "rules for thee but not me" doesn't work for me or anyone else. I'm just so tired of all of this nonsense and I'm just going to live my life and let the chips fall where they may. If the most powerful and rich among us aren't concerned then I don't think there is anything to be afraid of.
I never care enough to comment or even stay up to date on youtube drama but this felt like a betrayal from a friend. As a fellow healthcare provider I cannot fathom doing what you have done. I have not seen my boyfriend in months because of covid. I have not seen any of my friends for almost 9 months because of covid. What would have happened if you had gotten covid and been in contact with someone who was high risk through your practice? I have championed you Dr. Mike because of all the great education you do on your channel. This is so disappointing and disheartening ESPECIALLY since you didn't even have the courage to post this on your main channel. Yes, we all make mistakes but you need to take responsibility and post this where more people can see it at the very least.
Why isn't this on the main channel???
Ah, yet another case of "do as I say, not as I do!"
Hypocrite
Practice what you preach, if you don't you are a hypocrite and deserve no sympathy
He should also said that he was on the boat just because he was giving a "chiropractor service" as you can see  in all those videos that are trending online... P.S. he was wearing a bandana while giving his service. 🤣😂😆
Ridiculous that you, a medical professional, are using the most lax parts of the CDC guidelines over time to bolster your point and support your nonsensical and irresponsible argument, when almost every other time you have a solid argument you use the most credible sources you can find.
"to say mask doesn't help, it kills me" aww 🥺 like we even gonna feel sorry at that point . Practice what you preach then
It will take me a while to fully forgive you   Still love you tho
Calm down people! This is a complicated pandemic that is still being researched and has stretched on for a very long time. We're all getting a little antsy to see our loved ones and we all make mistakes. It doesn't make it right, but a little compassion goes a long way. He doesn't berate his patients because he told them to eat healthy and their yearly check up shows they've gained weight. Most of his life comes with risk because he's treating patients. Compassion. Please.
Wow, super disappointed, hypocrisy at its finest. Tootaloo Dr. Mike. Unsubscribed 🇨🇦 ☹️💔 p.s, why does this sound so disingenuous, why do I have a feeling you’re only sorry because you got caught 🤦‍♀️. So sad.
It wouldn’t be a big deal except your friends are going to go interact with others. If you were all a bubble or a “pod” then it would be fine, but judging by this apology it’s apparent that you were not.
Your fake news like the lame stream media the WHO and cdc.
This breaks my heart
We won't forget the likes of you when the time is right. This little weasel knew all along the pandemic is not that big of a deal, knows the mask is useless, and yet tells people to wear it and pushes in the direction of more restrictions and suspensions of liberties. You must answer for what you have done.
I'm glad you realize it was wrong, and I'm glad you apologized but I really think you should do it on your main channel. I'm disappointed because it feels like you're trying to minimize this by posting it on this much smaller channel
I was reading the comments and I was like what happened was it really bad and then I looked at the picture and was like.... oh
I’m sorry but I’m really disappointed in you. There are people who don’t visit their relatives and friends, even ones on their death bed because of the restrictions and recommendations made by medical experts. Given that, it’s beyond frustrating to see you, a medical professional do this. People make mistakes but this is a pretty big one. Please be better and remember the platform you’ve chosen to put yourself on.
I have barely left my house as I am borderline high risk due to a heart condition. I suffer from depression and anxiety. I feel very alone and scared right now due to quarantine and I used to enjoy watching your videos but I cannot do that anymore because you have betrayed my trust. You don't get to just apologize and then move on. You need to go away and think about your actions and the harm they can do to others. When other idiots see what you have gone back on, you just feed into the BS that corona isn't 'that deadly' and that is why corona Is still taking people from us. because people like you go to 1 party. That's all it takes. ONE PARTY AND YOU COULD HAVE SPREAD IT / PICKED IT UP AND BEGIN TO SPREAD TO EVERYONE ELSE. You do not deserve an acceptance of your apology right now. What you did, could end up killing someone by spreading it. It hurts to be this harsh to someone I enjoy watching and listening to but It's what you need to hear. Take care and stay healthy
Accepted. Well done. Now let's keep on fighting COVID-19!!
You got this! Who hasn’t made mistakes and wanted forgiveness? Can we improve ourselves without mistakes?
I apologize for getting caught after pretending that masks do anything and need to be worn by healthy people who are at no risk.
His fans are something else. You only defending him because he's a good looking guy. Your response would be the opposite if a person who looks like an ogre did similar thing. You guys are the reason why rich and famous people believe they can do whatever they want.
Bro why you partying with all those bit he’s tho
"Whoops sorry I got caught. Please watch the "honest" apology video on my 2nd channel with much smaller audiences and don't forget to hit the subscribe button!"
Thank you for apologizing!!! The only thing I say is why did you post this to this channel instead of your main one???
Why didn’t you post this on your main channel?
Admit it mike. You went out onto that boat because those women had dicks wasn't it?
Dr. Mike yes you're a human just like all.
Hypocrisy !!!
Do you believe he would've offered this apology had he not been caught? I do.
I think your followers expect a lot from you, which you can interpret as high praise. You let them down, so they're upset. You've also done a lot of good, which is why I said earlier that you don't deserve to be canceled. I have no doubt you'll learn from this and it'll make you a better YT'er/physician/person. Good luck dude.
I appreciate the apology Mike. None of us are immune from covid fatigue. No one is perfect and we're all bound to slip up. I hope you and your friends have taken all the necessary safety precautions following this incident and continue to be safe and mindful of others as the pandemic continues.
At least I'm wearing a mask when I'm doing Karen things outside.
I'm actually surprised at how negative these people are, like come on everyone makes mistakes. And at the ''bright'' side, he apologized, which is very rare for youtubers nowadays
Privileged people are sooooo clueless.
I don't think you should feel the need to apologise.  You did it in a safe way and followed all the guidelines (even though it was probably close friends and family) it's gone on long enough that if that was your only time doing something. It has been what, 8 months. you deserved it you are a doctor and have been working hard since covid started.
I just commented on a Dr Grande post regarding this video.   What I said was: First of ALL you're HUMAN and second you were apologizing for taking the trip NOT making excuses for your behavior. 💜  I NEED your videos and PEEWOOP desperately to distract me from my constant pain.  PLEASE don't stop just because of your one mistake.  Learn from it and move forward darlin. 💜
Dude is hilariously fake. Have fun with your youtube money and enjoy being a hypocrite.
Major cringe alert: 04:40 💀
You're only human doctor mike. You're only human doctor jekyll.
Yall he's only human. Give him a break.
He apologized. Idk y ppl are being so mean. He APOLOGIZED!!!
My Grandma hasn’t been able to hug a single family member for almost a year. I finally got to see her through a window last week. She finally got to see her husband of 69 years- through a window.   Your “party” can wait. Your party just further contributes to the prolongation of this situation- until everyone buckles down, a lot of people suffer.
Okay Dr. Mike you messed up. And you apologized. You learned from it; I hope you don’t do it again. I forgive you. I hope the other people watching this video can get on the same page that Dr. Mike is a human being and human beings make mistakes.
Hahah. Hypocrite. You’re only sorry because you got caught. Because you might lose subscribers. You are what’s wrong with the internet
I’m not saying you are not wrong, but your friends know you’ve been talking about covid, trying to follow rules, reinforce guidelines yet your friends still rent a boat for your birthday.  Its easy for us to judge you if you  dont reject your friends, but i know the feelings when you cant really say No thinking you will offend them with your ‘paranoia’ or hurt their feelings in some of that sense.   Its on them too.   Cheer up mike, Lets clear our heads and keep fighting for everyone’s safety!
i turned 18 a couple of weeks ago. i celebrated with the family that i live with, while my extended family joined on a huge group facetime. would i have loved to have them in person? absolutely. would i have loved actually going on the trip i had planned? absolutely. but, its a pandemic, and we all, even the young, have to be responsible.
I was very disappointed when this story broke. I Spent my birthday without a cake with my dog at home. But I guess it is what it is.
Tomorrow is my birthday. There are dozens of ways to celebrate w/o putting myself or others at risk (something I want to stress after watching this video).   Please leave below some birthday ideas if you want. I would really appreciate it. I hope that you are all staying safe ❤️
My two kids didn't have birthday parties this year because of Covid. I didn't have a party. My husband didn't have a party. We didn't have an Easter celebration with family. We didn't have a 4th of July or Memorial Day celebration with family. I'm glad you had fun in Miami 🙄
Doctor Mike is as transparent as his nipples through that shirt
Doctor Mike. I truly applaud your transparency and honesty surrounding this matter. It takes a lot for someone in the public eye to admit mistakes. It must also be hard, being in the public eye, to bare the burden of having your life broadcasted. I hope everyone watching this video understands that we all make mistakes. Just because someone is a doctor doesn’t make them any less human. These are trying times for all. And to Doctor Mike, I promise you that every single person criticizing you has done something similar to what you did. It’s hard for social animals to be unsocial for an entire year. Don’t beat yourself up too bad about it. Learn and move on. <3 I always look to science for advice on everything I do and I know you do too. It’s why I watch you, because I believe that you just want to make the world a more educated and better place. Keep it going!
you planned a non-essential trip during a pandemic, that wasn’t a suprise gift from ur friend or a spur of the moment thing. you willing went against medical advice.
So why didn't you post this on your main channel???
Ok
Just admit it. You wanted to party on a boat with hot girls so you said forget the masks. That's what you did. That's what anyone would do in his situation. It's wrong but it's not embarrassing.  Instead you come of with all this lame BS about wearing masks on the water...
“It doesn’t matter because I’m healthy and I live alone.” How is that any better than the ignorant selfishness coming from anti-maskers?
Put it on ur main channel u 🐱
I'm confused. You went on a boat trip to celebrate your birthday. You took all the necessary precautions. I don't see a problem.
I don't like the idea of being an online troll, but I have to say this, this pandemic has destroyed so many peoples lives Including mine, so yeah you really messed up ! I could say more but I'll just say this 'Practice what you preech.'
hope you don't only see the negative comments Dr. Mike. yes, you screwed up made a very poor decision, apologized and you're trying to do better. what better way is there to handle the situation? he's a human.
I’m confused what happened
Honestly how dare you talk about how this year has been difficult for you. I haven’t seen my family since February. I missed my grandmother’s funeral in may. I am at high risk and can’t even enjoy a day out right now. I have been isolating this entire year because of people like you who can’t forgo having a party in the middle of a pandemic. Very disappointed. Unsubscribing immediately.
So disappointed. You've taken no ownership, even with the "I messed up" narrative you've scripted throughout the video. You didn't "learn" anything other than to ban social media from being used on your next boat party.. or get smarter friends
We are all humans. We all make mistakes. It just seems like you were put in a situation it was hard to say no. And of course people are going to take advantage of the one time you put your guard down to attack.  Everyone has probably broken the guidelines one way or another.
Hypocrisy makes people look uglier. Suddenly the “attractiveness” of this guy is gone.
Thank you, you are litterally the best person and as you said we are all humans.  Humans make mistakes.
So disappointed.😒 My husband almost couldn't see our son being born although it was in between the 2 waves. & he travels and goes party. 😡🙄
Its hard to stay away from people, and I cant blame you for wanting to feel some freedom :)
Main channel or doesn’t count
Nah man
Thank you for admitting and taking responsibility for your mistakes. It’s one of the hardest challenges we face.
I thank you for apologizing, but even then it feels sad still. I always lead people to your channel whenever they are confused or need to understand why these guidelines need to be followed, and then you doing this just makes me feel like it may be harder to trust you.. I stayed home and did my part, I wish you could’ve too, doctor.
nah, this ain't it. lost my respect. we are all in pain. we are all struggling. ya'll that have a following need to do better.
he looked like he wanted to laugh during the apology video.
i guarantee you if he didn't get caught he wouldn't have apologized.
this is really sad.
not cool. You medical license and any other doctors licenses that thinks this is okay should be revoked and never able to practice again.
why not on your main channel? lmao, embarrassed or something?
I can forgive the party and video...I mean we all mess up. What bothers me is....why is this apology posted here on a second channel that many of us did NOT even KNOW exisisted?? If you are sincere in your apology, why is this not posted on your main Dr. Mike youtube channel?  You know the one where you have millions of followers? If you are really sorry you need to apologize to everyone....not just that select few who knew this channel exisisted. If not for seeing someone else's reaction video to your apology video..I would not have even known that you had a second channel or that you had made an apology video. While I can forgive a lapse in judgement....a decision that something was an okay risk to take without thinking of how it would look when you are a public figure.....THAT i can forgive. But this apology posted to a MUCH LESS KNOWN second channel seems underhanded and coniving and that fosters more mistrust than your original mistake. If you are really sorry, come out an apologize on your main channel.
Let me guess this straight. I can spend all that money and time and school and still end up an idiot. Thanks Doc
Omg... Just worry about yourself. I like Dr. Mike and I support him as well but bruh its natural selection at this point. If you take the precautions needed then ok ur safe, you cant force someone else too and those of you who are SUPER upset are those who subconsciously placed this MAN, a person someone who isnt perfect, on a Pedestal 🤷🏾 he isnt perfect and if something happens to him, its on him and him alone. Chill.
I'm confused what happend ?
LOL _buddy,_ *and posting it on your side channel that only has 66k subs. I CAN SEE YOU'RE BEING SUPER ACCOUNTABLE.* _Buh bye hypocrite._
Most of the people he was hanging out with looked like prostitutes, they had that like fat sausage lips that pucker and their faces look like plastic surgery
Guys. He's human, and I know that a lot of you who are yelling at him have messed up at least once. He's admitting fault and you still push really harsh comments out that aren't necessary.
Something I thought about an hour after I already finished watching this video:  What kind of person is he to have friends like that? Someone who is actually responsible doesn't surround themselves with people like that. Just something to think about.
I appreciate your honesty,  Dr.Mike, I also work in very large hospital in Toronto, I get where you're coming from, you messed up, you admitted it and apologized....stay safe
I am disappointed in your actions, but I appreciate your apology and admitting that you were wrong. I hope you continue to do better in the future. Although you are young and healthy my 30 year old cousin was too. He had no existing conditions and he died at the beginning of the pandemic from COVID. I appreciate your apology and being honest with us. I hope you are staying health.
🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
This comments section has become a hilarious source of entertainment. 🍿😆🙊😂 Be well and stay safe, you all 🤘🏻💪🏻  P.S.: People that don’t follow what they preach are shameless.
Please post this on your main channel, too.
It’s okay Dr. Mike. Saying no is very hard. It’s been a long year. You are only human, you fucked up, you were weak, you have a large platform and people saw you... it’s alright, let’s move on. Just do better, like you said 🤷🏻‍♀️
Everyone is so quick to pass judgment. It’s embarrassing. It’s exhausting to work in healthcare. Mentally and emotionally exhausting. it’s ok for him to go have some fun with his friends. They were on a private boat. PRIVATE. Everyone is acting like he was partying at a nursing home or something.  Just know that everyone isn’t perfect.  Dr. Mike, please don’t stop making videos. I learned a lot from your channel.
Speaking as some one who has a family member fighting for their life because of covid even though they were taking all of the precautions since they are so high risk.  It is disappointing to see a medical professional not practicing what they preach.  I'm not here to be hateful because life it too short to go around hurting others no matter the situation.  But you can do better, all these months of you telling people to be safe and to stay informed will now sadly fall on deaf ears because of your actions.  Which is a shame since from the content you put on your platform gives the impression that you care greatly about what you do.  It is great to see you take accountability for your actions unlike the vast majority of influencers.  That's all
Posting this on your side, not main channel. Come on man. And nobody cares that you went on a boat without a mask, you did it on a boat filled with Miami thot randos.
This is why I don't do doctors. Jeez I wonder how much this guy's getting paid for this BS?
What happend ? I'm confuse
It was a big risk because you're a doctor that sees patients. If you were in a different job that is not client, customer and medical facing then it wouldn't be as "bad".
I'd like to give him the benefit of the doubt, but this sounds more like a "i'm sorry i got caught" video than a "i'm sincerely sorry" video.
I still love you Mike 🥺
I would show you videos to my family and bf and I loved how funny and informative you were, but the fact that you couldn't post this apology on your main channel felt like a kick in the face. How am I supposed to follow a person who studies medicine and tell us to stay safe when you can't even hold onto your own ideals. It's extremely difficult having to stay home with nothing to do and desperately wanting to go out. Yet you, out of any other person online I know, it had to be you, a hypocrite. You have lost my respect, I'm just so mad rn. I loved your videos, but now I feel if I continue supporting you it'll also make me a hypocrite..
I haven’t been able to safely leave the house in almost a year, as an immunocompromised individual. I spent thanksgiving alone. Maybe if people stopped thinking like you did while partying (“well my personal risk is low, it’ll be fine!”) we would have been out from under this pandemic already. It really feels like, when “influencers” and wealthy people in general are partying, you are saying that my life and the lives of people like me don’t matter. And the fact that you posted this to your second channel is just sad.   This just sucks.
"I was a little cautious and nervous.... bla bla bla" You should have gone and watch your old videos about the danger of this virus. But CONGRATULATIONS, YOU HAVE BEEN ABLE TO BE ON NATIONAL NEWS because of this stupid mistake!! Even here in the UK came on the news ahahahahaha
@Doctor Mike  We all make mistakes, it happens! Nobody’s perfect either. You showed nothing but grace and accountability for your actions. You are a FANTASTIC role model and person And don’t you forget that! :) thank you so much for all the work that you do and keeping us all informed throughout this year 💖
Youre a human. You looked into it before heading out. Still support you!
This is the only YouTube apology that I accept
The videos/pics of what he actually did makes it so much worse. He just went all in and didn't give any fucks. I like Dr. Mike but I feel like I really can't look at him the same way anymore...
the fact that he posted this apology on a second chanel no one even knows about is disappointing af, but didn't he say that the yacht party was a surprise thou... like he didnt plan to go to a party...and he did try to keep up with the guidelines...
After all...  we are just humains!  😘
got caught
I’m confused- what happened-
Let’s all admit that we haven’t been perfect about this quarantine. All of us have left the house or hung out with friends when we probably shouldn’t have. We are all sick of quarantine and are getting a little too comfortable since we have been in this for so long. We just need to rethink the situation and make sure we do better in the future of this pandemic
(note for ppl don't click "read more": There's a huge "but" at the end:) People being judgmental without caring or TRUSTING / expecting you to know that you made a careful judgment is something you can't be guilty over, apart from the awareness that as a pubic figure, those who want controversy will use it - either to criticize you, be offended, or try to use this against the science. So I'm glad you focused on that point. People trying to use this to discredit masks and social distancing is the real issue. Glad you learned about that - I didn't think of it myself at first.  BUT: I only watch some of your videos. I see claims of hypocrisy and quotes of "just stay home." If that's what you've been saying, and you make the same sort of judgment calls lots of people will make less responsibly, then you're not out of the hot water here. You did NOT apologize for THAT judgment. "My mom bought me a boat, I gotta use it!" Nice rich people toys. Some of us with less have more life-impactful and emotional concerns or needs that tempt us against masks or staying at home. You've justified people's doubts. If you tell people to not do this sort of thing and just stay home, but you don't, then you have no excuse. Trust gone.
Yo. This aint good. Bye bye career!
Im from Europe and this might be a dumb question.but you have to be smart to be a doctor in america right?
I'm truly disappointed in you. You show us all year long how we can help stop the spread, and then go against your own rules. And the CDC says 9-12 people per boat that size, not 15, so even your excuses lack credibility. The fact that you actively CHOSE to upload this to your side channel, that I had to look up AFTER drama channels started talking about the issue, shows that you're not sorry. You're burying the story, as you know it will negate all the good you did all year.   I haven't seen my boyfriend in months, because he's an EMT, and I had to have spinal surgery two weeks ago. So we made the choice for me to go be with my mother while I'm immunocompromised during preop appointments and recovery. Our thanksgiving? Oh a facetime call, where I just saw the emotional exhaustion this pandemic has taken on him. The two of us chose to make that sacrifice.   Hell, I know you're actively dating thanks to that podcast with Philip, where you told him that you accidentally sent a woman into anaphylactic shock, because you kissed her and you had walnuts earlier that day. Post this on your main channel, and take the blowback like a man. You fucked up.
Alternative title: Rich dude flexing about his boat and pretending that it’s an apology 🤦‍♀️
Forget about everything else, why did he post this on his second channel and not his main? To draw more views to it? I don't trust him anymore.
I think because he is a role model for people we hold him to a higher standard but we always forget that these people, including doctor mike, make mistakes like us. Am I upset to learn that those pictures were real yes but I'm not going to hold that against him because he is a person and what we should do is instead of attacking people, who made a mistake but still give advice, is learn from them. We are human we learn from our mistakes and mistakes others made.
I’m not upset that he went on a boat ride. I’m not going to judge him cause I know I haven’t practice social distancing and not doing what the cdc 100% of the time. Healthcare workers are working around the clock and this pandemic is working on a lot of people mental health. I would rather then take a little trip around people they love then them feel so isolated they they do something drastic like taking their lives. So I’m not upset just learn from your mistake and move on. People love to judge and I’m not God so I’m not going too.
I'm sorry but seeing those photos of you at the party really changed my perspective of you. Now you just seem like a big time hypocrite and a politician. Let's be honest, he wouldn't have apologized if the photos weren't in the media.
Didn’t turn off comments at least it shows a little about his character
O so it's stay at home for us and don't travel no matter what but with you risk is now "a spectrum" when it comes to the stuff you want to do. You are just the same as any other rich politician and I'm not even a conspiracy theorist . You were my go to. Not anymore. Bi.
My mom died from COVID months ago and only 10 people were allowed at her funeral. No hugs, no support, no family other than my sisters and her brothers. I honestly think people should make their own choices including my own family during a terrible time in our lives. I’m sure if I had asked your opinion you would have said the rules are there for “my safety” and the safety of those I come in contact with.   You opened your video with how hard this year has been and it has been hard. Really hard. I’m glad you enjoyed time with your friends. I’m still awaiting the day that I can hug mine. I’m just sad that you used your platform to preach to us for months while our lives were indeed difficult only to be living a completely contradictory life when the cameras were off.
If Mike can do it, I can also do it. Goodbye quarantine
My cousin passed away today. She was not even partying. She got Covid from a co-worker who was partying every weekend! So disappointed at you and your half-assed apology!!!
Alright everyone if you are gonna live you life based how you choices may or may not effect someone you might as well never leave you room ever again. Every action has a reaction, every choice you make will have effects on people good and bad. Whether it’s wearing a mask, texting and driving, shaking a persons hand, buying something, it all has an effect. Hell, staying locked in your house not being able to do things has big effects of people. Doc you are allowed to have fun so is everyone else. In my opinion you have nothing to apologize for.
First of all I'm French, so sorry if there are errors in my comment ^^  Why wouldn't he be allowed to make a mistake? Because he is a celebrity? Or because he is a doctor?  I agree that being involved in a boat party during the pandemic is not the best idea he had but he is not the first celebrity or health care worker to mess up. (we had quite a few in France and I guess you too in the US but i'm less aware of your national scandals)  He is a human above all. Yes I am excusing his behavior because I believe mistakes are a part of human life and that he will grow from this. I am maybe naive but that is what I believe. Moreover, we can't judge him, I am sure we all made mistakes during this pandemic (or maybe the majority of us) but the most important is that he apologized and thought about his mistake to learn from it. I am not favorable to distrust or hate somebody because of one mistake. If he does feel bad about what he did he does not need to be judged by every human on the Earth.   I made mistakes too during the pandemic, I actually had to assume the consequences of my actions and I learned from it and how human can be egoistic some time even though it is not what mainly define us. Like him, I was not careful enough and I could have put people at risk (but without a boat I have to admit). But as I have already been the person  making the mistake, I know that it can happen more rapidly than you think and that it can be an error of judgement. Thus you believe in the "stay at home" measure and you advocate for wearing a mask you can be overwhelemed by a situation and not realize that your actions are in contradiction with your beliefs even if you are Dr. Mike.   When I read the comments it seems like everyone here never take the wrong decision and that everyone here is absolutely perfect. Spoiler alert : you're probably not.   And if you wan't to have fun you can watch a member of the French government saying in February that wearing a mask was useless and maybe dangerous and then a week later pronouncing a speech about the importance of the masks and that he always publically claimed that masks were essential to fight the pandemic.   All in all, you should focus on yourself and how you live your life, you'll be happier like that and less disappointed by people. If you achieved to stick with all the recommendations since March, congratulations, you have no need for role model (like Dr. Mike could have been) you are your own role model. And if I'm wrong and that in fact he appologizes only to keep up appearances (never used this expression ... not sure if it is really what I wanted to say ...) who cares? I mean, at the end of the day it will not change the world ...   Stay strong and stay safe, we will get out this ! (I wrote that at 2 am in France so ...)
Thanks for being vulnerable and honest. In the end you are human. Sending love.
Be a man and post this on your main channel.
Guys instead of attacking him why don’t you practice grace and kindness. Extend the same amount of grace you wish to receive, even if you believe this is not “genuine.” Only time will tell if it is not genuine. But if it is then you just spent a bunch of time speaking hate over a human being.
I had to watch my family bury the grandfather who inspired me to join the service via a zoom call halfway across the world. I had to hear taps play out through the speakers of my phone. Meanwhile, you, a doctor who has been openly outspoken about listening to CDC guidelines regarding COVID-19, travels from New York to Miami to party on a boat with your buddies while simultaneously ignoring the guidelines you claimed to be a proponent of. Then, you completely deflected blame, made excuses, and lied to our faces. Shameful.
I hate the internet. It very nearly makes me want to delete everything. He’s made his apology, now accept it and move on. Worry about yourself and the things that you can control and stop trolling other people bc their mistakes are made public while yours remain in the dark. It’s not easy to be in the public eye 24/7. COVID has taken a toll on all of us. Instead of bashing each other can we please lift each other up. All of us need to be better.
Congrats! Your apology video has grant you a sport in the American YouTuber League!
You've put thousands of people at risk just because of your mistake... and I am very ashamed of you Mike. It doesn't matter if the risk was "minimal for you" - it was the risk that you put everyone else in as a result. Don't preach what you yourself do not follow, as you should as a doctor and a health provider.
When my neighbors don't believe in COVID-19 anymore cause they think that it was created for business purposes and I said: "I am a Biology Graduate and according to my research, we should take it seriously"! 😩
Wow... you knew better. Even before looking for CDC guidelines. Thanks for admitting your mistake but it feels so wrong to realize you decided to do what you did knew was wrong. Come on!
He looked at his own risk level....didn’t he go down to Miami to “visit his father”. Story isn’t adding up. Also if u see the photo there’s already 15. Which is more than the max allowed on that cdc boat guideline he screenshotted. this apology video wouldn’t even have come out if it if he hadn’t been caught. He’s disappointed in himself for getting caught.
The fact that he posted his other respond to controversy (the fatphobia one as an easy example) in his main channel and this one here.....well, clearly telling on how hard he tried to suppress the issue.
an apology video and on the SIDE channel?? ohhh he done fucked it up lmaoo
How disappointing.. really expected better from an actual DOCTOR.
First off, sorry for all the stuff you're getting Dr. Mike - it never feels nice to recieve so much anger and frustration.  But, like I'm sure you realize, we're angry because we love you, respect you, and look up to you. And because this year's been hard on a lot of people. People have given up on so much, missed so many birthdays and holidays and family gatherings, marriages, funerals even. All of us want to see our family and friends, but so many of us have held back, even though it hurts and is lonely.  Personally, I've been blessed enough that I've only lost my beloved dog during this hell, all of my friends and family have stayed safe and healthy so far - but not being able to see my dog off was so heartbreaking it felt like I was going to drown, I can only imagine what not being able to have a funeral for your loved one would be like.  The issue this time is a bit different from the others in the past, I realize, I believe you when you say you looked up the rules and guidelines for everything and made a personal risk assessment. And you're a doctor who's been dealing with Covid, so I trust you a hell of a lot more than some random guy on facebook to make a risk assessment. But as you're obviously aware of now, you're a public figure that we look up to, so you're held to a MUCH higher standard than other people, and we look to you for reassurance that we're doing the right thing, even if it's hard.  It feels a bit like we're sitting here starving to conserve food, and you're sitting there preaching that we need to ration the food, then going and having a feast away from prying eyes, even if the food you went and feasted on was what you'd put aside by being so rationed before the rest of us even started. It feels like a betrayal, even if it isn't exactly one.  I still love and respect you, everyone is human and does stuff without thinking, the important thing is how you grow from them.  To all the people who've given up so much this year, thank you for sacrificing what you have, and please keep holding on. It's a struggle, but we'll get through this, it won't be clean or pretty, and there's going to be crushing losses and heartbreak so great it feels like you're suffocating, but we'll get through it all.
Congratulations, you just lost all credibility. I've spent the entire pandemic being responsible and missing out on so much, and it's a slap in the face to see you go out and party like a pandemic isn't even going on. I had a ton of respect for you as an outspoken supporter of the COVID regulations, but you just lost all of that. This is also one of the worst "apology" videos I've seen in recent memories. You made a choice to endanger the lives of your friends, family, and anyone you came into contact with, and that can't be forgiven. Be better.
Many of us have had this mistake. COVID has been difficult for everyone to deal with. So when an opportunity like a birthday party comes up, many of us have let ourselves make the round about justifications you describe in your video so that we don’t feel guilty going amidst a pandemic. We are guilty and you should have owned up to that in your video, the one you should have posted on your main channel. Apologize for it, and stop preaching to us in your endless videos about COVID. You’ve lost your credibility on COVID so stop making videos (and money) off of it.
his lesson is he got caught, he learned moving forward to not get caught....
WOWW he messed up... SO WHAT?! I know y’all been doing worse...   Yes he should practice what he preaches, but atleast he’s reflecting on his actions! Y’all be posting parties weekend after weekend smh give me a break
I was supposed to see my family (who I haven't seen in two years) this Christmas. Due to international travel restrictions, I don't know when I'll see them again. I've got a nephew I've never met. But I guess rich people get to see their friends and families, coz rules don't apply to them?
I'm 15 and my mom (a HEALTH WORKER and a single mother) got covid. She was a high risk patient and had to be quarantined for a lot of time. The stress and tears during that time weren't fun man. Not knowing how she was going to wake up the next day was horrible. I AM YOUNG, just like you, but I also had to experience something like this. This is just a slap on the face... I've been looking up to you, seeing how responsible and inspiring you were. This is NOT an apology, you're just making this to clear your image again... it's disgusting.   At least upload this to your main channel, or are you afraid?
The fact with you admitted your mistake is the main thing. Many people are not willing to do that.
✨That girl on the boat really needed a doctor to relieve that “neck pain”✨
I honestly feel like people are being a bit harsh. You made a mistake, a pretty terrible one but that does not make you a terrible person nor a terrible doctor... especially if it is true that you actually checked all those guidelines. Being a doctor doesn't make you less human, you are allowed to mess up. Happy Birthday Mike. This will pass❤❤❤❤❤
I wonder how many other physicians out there gave in to their desire to socialize and have fun while not following protocol
Don’t regret living life.  And as a health care worker you probably had Covid and are now immune.   Enjoy life and don’t make apologies
As someone who lives in Florida, there are no mask laws here. Also I dont think you should have apologized... you are out in public in the water...
Man I used to look up to you. This is so much worse than you try to make this out to be. It wasn't a mistake, it was a border line crime. This comes off as a "I'm not sorry I did this, I'm sorry I got caught." The only reason you made this video was to cover your bottom dollar. If there was a chance that wasn't the case you'd have put this on your main channel, I hate this was the way I found your sub channel. Everything you say is factual and true, but without you also following  those facts to a tee you're not worth being my source of that Information. If this was an am sorry video about just going to see your father during all this then fine, I get it. I've broken that rule as well. Granted I was working in an environment where I had little to no contact with anybody besides other family members while you work in a busy NYC hospital. Hell I could even forgive if it was a small boat trip just for you and him. I'm deeply saddened I have lost trust in what I viewed as such a helpful and Informative person. I'm sure this incident is the cause for thousands of people to disregard  the pandemic and use it as evidence that if those advocating for preventive measures aren't following rules why should they? Don't lick hand rails after telling people  its one of the worst things you could do. You negative tests make it worse. While I do not wish covid on almost all not even you after this. It would have been better for your public image if you did. Whose to say its that infectious of an infection if our public figures who advocate for safety are not safe? Not me but most certainly not you either with any validity.
why is this not on your main channel?
You’re a hypocrite, plain and simple
The fact that all these doctors in the comments are forgiving his mistake is scary
Y’all need to stop hyping up these doctoring they’re letting their egos get to them during this pandemic and are starting to think they are “God-like”
To say i'm dissapointed would actually put it lightly to what I actually feel about this. As a person who lifes with auto-immun,heart AND a lung diease AND mental health issues ALWAYS listen to you and followerd every rule.Since feb i'm home.i dont see friends or anyone else so i dont put others or me at risk.we are all exhausted.we all had a pill to swallow this year in one way or another.But saying because ur not at risk? Thats exactly those people who put people like me or my family at risk.its not about YOU...ITS about EVERYONE. Maybe keep that in mind when u preach something and then totally go against it urself
We love you and we supportyou ...what important you're safe now ...we all make  mistakes...it's fine ❤❤
People need to gove dr mike a fucking break, ge messed up, humans mess up, but he fucking owned up to it, honestly, you hold him to a standard none of you can achieve just because he is outspoken about corona, it is vile to see you treat this man like this
I hope people realize doctors are only human too and that you DID follow the guidelines at least for being on a boat even if it may have been a bit better to be a bit stricter considering your high profile , but still everyone should know that every person on earth is imperfect and messes up once in a while. All you can do is move forwards and learn from your past. There are so many jerks out there. But some people who are realistic will understand and besides even viewers hopefully have a life of their own and won’t obsess over this like  a raving troll.
I didn't thumbs down because of your supposed mistake, I thumbs down because you followed the rules and bent to mob who will be outraged no matter what.  I'll keep listening and following you, but this is Covid, not ebola. The negative mental health of not doing social interactions is more harmful than the virus to larger groups of people. Also, you didn't address Florida no doing the same shut downs as NY but not having worse numbers. Maybe that would be a good topic for you to cover. The stats between states and countries that have handles restrictions differently. For once I'm going to point to Sweden lol
You broke your vows and put the community at risk. Hopefully you'll also be censured by the boards as well by your gross incompetence. If you can't practice what your preach, shut up.
I feel like it's pretty safe for me to not wear a mask at my desk since I live alone and we don't have contact with the public, but my employer won't take that as an exemption 🤔 And the CDC is gonna have to do a lot for me to not second guess them after they told us not to use masks, just so they could give them all to hospitals first and then tell us "jk wear masks" when they were all gone. The supply chain is not their concern, they should have been honest from the start.
You know what it is, Twitter is too easy to jump on the Cancel Culture bandwagon, and witch burn anyone they don't like, but being mad at celebs for genuinely fucking up, makes perfect sense. You are a total hypocrite Dr Mike, and people aren't gonna forget, when you reveal these blemishes on your "perfect image".
So he has to apologize for not being perfect?  Stop making apology videos!
So most of my family wasn’t able to visit my grandma in the hospital when she was dying of cancer. Then when she passed most of us were unable to travel down to Miami for her funeral. It’s been devastating and painful. It was so hard and painful but some of my family members are immunocompromised. I watch your videos and listen to your advice and I respected your opinion. Your actions hurt and cause real harm. This apology really isn’t enough. “It’s just a mistake” isn’t enough and it just doesn’t sit well. So many people have had to sacrifice so much during this pandemic, have done everything right during this pandemic, don’t have the same opportunities during this pandemic. By choosing to become an influencer, to use your platform to educate millions of people about the medical field and general health and wellness you took on a responsibility that you failed to uphold. What you did was selfish and irresponsible because of your position as an influencer, as an educator, and as a doctor. I think you need to reevaluate your apology and try to understand why your fans and supporters are hurt and upset, because sure you have some fuel to the whacko conspiracy theorists and that does cause some harm but I think the more serious and more long lasting harm is the one you caused to your credibility and trust with the people that really supported and trusted you.
Why are you posting this “apology” on your SMALL CHANNEL!!?
What did he do wrong? My english is not very good
Absolute legend. TAKE THE MASK OFF SHEEP
Everyone makes mistakes, but there's something off about this video. I hear you apologizing, but somehow you are both apologizing and deflecting blame. It would have been better if you had just said you were sorry for giving in to your desire to socialize and have fun. The first mistake you made was getting on that plane to travel to miami, not on the boat. You only talk about personal risk, but what about the risk of those around you if you were you to spread it? I'm a graduate student going into healthcare, you've lost a lot of my respect.
Doctor mike you do you man. You shouldn't have to apologize for living your life. As long as the people you were partying with didnt have coronavirus it's not that big of a deal. I will still watch your channel. Much love Doc!
You see what happens now Mike? There are comments here of people using your actions to justify claiming that the pandemic is exaggerated and we are being played. You built an audience on the foundation of being a public face for medicine, and then made medical professionals look like selfish hypocrites in full view of their biggest supporters.  The other replies probably tell you all you need to know about your audience's stance on this, but I'm betting that those patients of yours who watch the channel will have a much harder time trusting you when this is over. Personally I'm not sticking around until then.
Y’all just have to let him go. I bet more than 75% of you have done FAR worse. He’s been working this whole time, and while I don’t work in the Heath industry, I’ve been working too. We just need a break once in a while. Masks for 10+ hours a day takes a major toll on everyone. If you’re that worried about this then you need to stay home and live how you wish to. This is America and if I recall correctly, we have freedom. Freedom to do as we wish, freedom to criticize people that are in different situations as us, freedom to be individuals. If you have nothing better to do than bust down on a DOCTOR who has been helping patients this entire time, then you need to find some other way to spend your quarantine.
4:45 minutes of making excuses. You know and understand the risks... and you did it anyway. Was it to see your grandmother or something? No. It was vanity.  I suggest we unsubscribe.
Posting an apology on the platform where it will reach the fewest people. Classy.
Just gonna comment so it reaches more people for them to unsubscribe. Booo, doctor.
You know what, he messed up. But this man has done more good for America than bad. This guy has given more effort into creating a healthy America than most of us can dream. He has brought a new side of medicine to the world and has often shown kids, teens, and even adults that being successful isn’t impossible nowadays. Yes, he screwed up but I don’t think that should take away all respect that we had before. Trust is something we risk. He took a risk but has apologized. I personally forgive him and I hope most others do too
I personally do not hold you to a higher standard. You’re human. But I appreciate your candor and transparency
It comes down to if you know you have influence and are in the public eye you need to hold yourself to a higher standard. The sad thing is this one party has set back a lot of hard work medical professionals have done.
What happen?
Terrible apology. I’m sorry, but... traveling to see your dad and doing something high risk? Bye
This is disappointing to say the least! I've never celebrated a birthday and muchless would I have gone to any sort of thing like that distance or no distance. You say you live alone but you were visiting YOUR FATHER didn't his life matter more than saying yes to some friends who also didn't seem to care to put him and their own families at risk?
ITS NOT ABOUT YOU BEING LOW RISK. ITS ABOUT PROTECTING THOSE THAT ARE *NOT.*
Perfection doesn’t exist. Drs have so much stress especially during covid. To slip up and taste normality is normal, not ideal but normal. Stay safe. X
You will work for years to regain the credibility you lost for not practicing what you preach. You can explain your reasons all day, but you’re a public figure. You should have set an example.   Additionally when you addressed it, maybe seem a little more repentant and not like you’re just in damage control mode. Explaining why it was okay for you to break the rules while telling everyone else to be responsible to protect others, absolutely reeks of “rules for thee, but not for me.”
Did you mistake Hippocratic for Hypocrite?
I understand everything in this video 100%, wish you would have further mentioned how the event was a last-minute surprise, as this influences one’s ability to make an informed decision. As much of a mistake you may have mad, keep the following in mind: A part of remaining a major social media influencer, furthermore one of medically-relevant origins, it is important to share mistakes you may have produced, especially whilst said mistake may have costed lives of your patients, crew staff, friends, and/or yourself. Expressing this mistake on this supposedly hidden channel signifies to viewers your mistake was solitarily an act of embarrassment of which required a verbal apology, expressed through a source of which could be located to no more than those wishing to view said apology. Rather treating this misfortunate event as though one to learn of, a seemingly potent attribute of yours, may lead you to posting similar content to your main channel. One thing I cannot blame, yet was not a fan of was the inclusion that you were following CDC guidelines. The photo visibly portrayed many people far within six feet of one another sans mask, an arrangement you personally would warn strictly against. Please do not stress this any further, I believe the hatred you have received will partially unfortunately prevent you of completing an a-line act once again.
Doctor Mike. Don’t you ever apologize for being a human being. Don’t you ever apologize for taking a vacation because you have been helping sick people. You deserve a break. You deserve to see your family and your friends and your loved ones. The people you are upsetting are the people who have not been taking proper precautions and don’t care. And are negative people wanting to make themselves feel better about decisions they have made. You have nothing to apologize for.
Highly disappointed cos I didn't even know he has a 2nd channel and he uploaded his apology video here? ☹️💔
Wait !! you have a Second channel !
The guy makes one bad decision and everyone is going nuts. Things happen and we learn from them. People these days honestly act as if they are all saints.
1. This wasn't a mistake, my 1. Year of college is ruined due to thus stupid virus, and the pandemic is still at large because people go through the same thoughts as Mike did. "Oh, I'm young, I'll be fine", or worse as some in the comments are either saying the pandemic is fake, which is so f****** stupid that I'm going to have a stupid induced stroke, or that "people die every day, from car crashes, suicides, overdoses, etc." Which is also stupid since car crashes aren't transmissible, same with the other examples.  If the whole pandemic could be halted with just 1.wearing a mask, 2.not going to f****** parties on yachts while thousands die every day, and 3.washing your hands regularly then what's the problem? FFS people it's not that hard. And don't yell "BUT MUH FREEDOMS", your freedoms end when peoples lives are on the line.   And 2. Why is this on your second channel Mike? Why not your main one? I've been watching you for a year and this is the first time I've heard that you even have a 2nd channel.  If it wasn't for other sources I wouldn't even know this happened. It's kinda sleazy to hide it here.
I truly thought this a photoshopped photo or something old. It is truly disappointing. The idea of burying this on the secondary channel, deleting comments and misrepresenting the actual number of people on boat and how no one had a mask, is even more disappointing. As a physician and health communicator, I look up to your content and how accessible it is to the masses, but this was really irresponsible and undermines this very content and how credible it is
On your second channel. Makes sure that people that aren't in the know never find it.
We all take calculated risks. A party on a boat wasn’t worth the risk in my opinion. But we all make mistakes and sometimes forget how far our own personal choices can ripple out. I’m trusting you to do better Dr.
You should not be cancelled, you have too much of a reach and can be a force for good, but come on. Really apologize with no deflection. You chose to fly to Miami with 6000 cases reported a day. You chose to break CDC guildlines (there was 15 people in the picture not 10) you chose to hug in for a group photo and do god knows what else. CDC have guildlines for water sports not massaging models you know you messed up, you know you didn't take precautions because you shouldn't have even went. Admit you are wrong without qualifying it, no buts or mitigation.
And this wasn't on your main channel because??????? Kind of seems to me like you're posting this apology just so you can say you did and move on rather than because you really stand behind it. You should post this on the main channel where even more casual fans will see it, where it might hurt your wallet a bit more. But instead it seems like you're trying to get credit for the apology while still hiding it to protect your brand. Feels really disingenuous. Now I have to go find your main channel to make sure I'm unsubscribed.
All these negative comments bashing people need to stop. Dr. Mike is human too, and needs to not be socially isolated from his family and friends.
Your apology is accepted, I think we’re all humans and humans make mistakes. the important thing is the lessons that you got after you missed up. Saying sorry and knowing that you were wrong is enough 👍🏻
Wow, the audacity of you apologizing via this obscure clips channel with only 60k subscribers, while saying nothing on your main channel of 6.5million subscribers where you cash in on “Covid rules” lectures almost daily. Very cowardly and disingenuous of you.
If I were a patient of his.... I'd never wanna see him again after this. What a hypocrite!   People can't even go to loved ones funerals and he's out there on a party boat with strangers......
Bahaha  This guy is a joke.
You don’t believe “science”, you never did, you would have never done what you did.  You wanted to be out and about, hanging with girls and enjoying.  You didn’t believe in masks.  You only do it in New York because you have to.    “so I thought for me this risk level was okay” this I just another way rules for thee not for me!   Why is this on your second channel and not your main channel.  Why do you get to fly out to see your dad while telling others to stay home?  The answer is because you don't believe the "science" you espouse.    Nobody who believes this is really deadly is flying from NY to Florida to party.  You could have told your friend no, what are you 12 years old? Couldn't tell the boys no?   BS, you didn't want to.    So sick of you holier-than-thou types. You never believed COVID was that serious... you just wanted to look good.   Thanks though, we will be using you as proof that it's MOSTLY bull and that even doctors don't believe the risk is that high!   Again, I'll so be sharing your boat picture!
This isn’t even 5 minutes long, on his second channel, he seems to just be apologising because he got caught. I spent my 18th birthday ( I can finally legally drink and smoke in Ireland ) but I didn’t go out, I went to my room by myself for the day and watched movies because my fun is not worth someone else’s life
Ah right... so your apologising for getting caught,  if you had got away with it, there would have been no apology. Pathetic. You fool no one.
When you are good looking so you could get away with anything =))
Doctor mike, you’re a doctor and how could you do this?!  That boat party could be a spreader event that could hurt you or others around you, dude.   🤔🤨🤔
Me: Watches doctor mike apology video Me: Sees everyones comment being so sophisticated Also Me to Doctor Mike: *Yeahhhhhh U messed up*
excuses Doc...
The people commenting on here are disappointing. So because he's a doctor he can't make mistakes? I guarantee some of you commenting have seen some of your family members during this quarentine. This is something that is hard for every person. Yes he is a doctor, but does that make him less human? He made a mistake, he apologized and thats that. 😑
As a parent we tell our kids we're not mad, we're just disappointed.   This wasn't a mistake.  This was a choice and you consciously made it.  Really, really disappointed Mike
Guys chill. He is apologising. Its hard to just say no and disappoint all your friends for something they thought was legit. Its a risk but it is HIM who is risking it and he‘s not putting you at risk. We‘re all human. Ecspecially when he‘s a doctor. Yeah he messed up but give him a break
It was wrong. Yes. But he said he's sorry and he regretted it. Why keep the comments as if he ignored the "scandal"?  He can't change the past and the mistake was made. What's the purpose of sending him such comments? No hate to anybody, just my opinion
People are being way too hard on you for this. You did your research. You were with a small group. You should not be scrutinized for this.
Humans are never perfect,,. Life is a learning curve, as long as we learn from our mistakes and the mistakes of those around us, then the world does become a better place.
Why is this not on his channel?
this is so fucking disappointing. you’ve set an awful example to the young adults who think they’re not at risk and then party with their friends - now they know a doctor has done the same AND defended themselves in doing it. mike, you messed up big time.
You chose fame, you wanted to be a celebrity...u r a smart guy...u should have known this incident would be used against u...do not apologize...learn from it...decide whether u wanna be some trashy, maskless celebrity with ladies in bikinis...or u wanna be portrayed as a serious person who is celebrated for bringing medical science to the masses. Fame went to ur head...most people would wanna be seen as a cool dude, the ladies' man but that hurts ur brand...so choose wisely.
It's the fact that he did the complete OPPOSITE of what he's been preaching for almost a WHOLE YEAR... then says "uh t'was a mistake" uploads this to his SECOND channel, and is only hearting comments from those that are saying that what he did is excusable..... like.... no no no no, not cool at all. 😑 This was a very bad conscious decision. Not a mistake. I do hope he learns from this, but I won't stay around to see it. I havent been interested in his stuff lately tbh
The people he needs to apologize most to are his patients. I think as followers we forget (even though he’s told us and shown us) that he is a practicing physician with patients who trust him with their bodies and families. I’m upset because I imagine if he was my doctor how I would feel about all of this. It’s already hard I’m sure for his patients to have to deal with him being a “famous doctor”.
This is bullshit. You can't GO AND DO SOMETHING WRONG AND THEN APOLOGIZE AND THINK IT'S OK. ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU CHASTISE EVERYONE ELSE FOR DOING IT. YOUR FANS ARE STUPID FOR BELIEVING YOU ACTUALLY ARE APOLOGIZING.
It shows your weak character, when you try to hide it on a side channel. Grow some balls and post it on the main channel.
Deflecting blame Mike we are not stupid.
That escalated quickly ... But: You have done a lot for me and I will not forget that.
He messed up one time guys chill
It appears I have made a serious lapse in my judgement...😳
😭😭😭😭
enjoy the rapid downfall of you channel, career, and credibility
A lot of the people in the comments are hating on Dr. Mike for having a lapse in judgement, it happens. It doesn't matter if he's a doctor or not however, he did correctly follow all the CDC guidelines for water activities. Some other people are saying phrases like "I'm getting tired of the people in power saying, "stay at home," and not doing it themselves."... He's a doctor and can't really stay at home and not only did he go out for a little bit however, got tested several times after following the correct guidelines. Mental health is of major importance and being in lockdown not allowed to leave your house / apartment for basically anything especially when you're a doctor working through the entire pandemic I feel you've earned the right to some rightfully earned time off to be with your family and friends as long as your followed all the guidelines and made sure you were safe.
I have honestly lost some respect. I am from Germany and we managed to get through the first wave quite well. Even though the second wave is hitting us hard. We are preparing for a harder lockdown (first it was 10 people from 2 households are able to meet up. Now it is only 5) Due to the current pandemic I did not meet up with more than one friend at a time. I did not celebrate my birthday and due to elderly people with a high risk, we do not even celebrate Christmas and New Years eve me and all of my friends are planning to spend it either alone or with our significant others. Now here are you, a well educated man in a medical profession, partying with models and other people on a boat in Miami. No distancing, no mask. By german standards I would have called that even a small super spreader event. I do understand that you wanna party, date, meet woman and have fun with friends but on the other hand we are still in a pandemic. You defended the "stay at home" policy but now you do this. You are not 16 anymore, you are an educated adult. Yes - this was a mistake but a calculated one. You are not premature, you are not in your puberty. I only have one question: Would you even have apologized if those pictures wouldn´t have gone public? ... and of course conspiracy theorists will take those things and use it against you. I never thought you would be that stupid and gave those people the material to rant about you and your friends on the internet, use it against you and others who want this lockdown to end. In my family there are people who lost their jobs during this pandemic and others working in a medical profession who cannot seem to rest. From my perspective you discretized them all. Personally I am not going to follow you on youtube anymore, no matter how rightful you are in your future videos or how hard I would agree with them. IN the end you are more or less of a celebrity, living above other people, doing your own thing, preaching things others should do but not you. Double standards. I honestly feel like the only reason for you going for that profession and being a youtuber is to get money, power and women.
Yall, he is a human, just like us all, and we all make mistakes. I understand he was at fault, but atleast he was following protocols and being cautious about it. I am sure you guys have gone out atleast once. Im glad he has learned though. Sending love ❤️
This is extremely disappointing. I honestly don't trust you anymore.
Gosh, you helped those people to attach science. I feel bad about it. Don't you?
I use this guy as an example of an honest well meaning youtuber (and person tbh) all the time and now I feel stupid 🙄🙄🙄
These people saying they're disappointed in him must be really fucking special. How perfect do you have to be to criticise dr mike? Don't pretend you've been a perfect angel this whole time. Dr mike is one of the nicest and kindest people in this planet and he is his own worst critic so don't beat him up any more than he has done to himself. I'm disappointed in all of you cunts.
I mean other than posting this on his main channel, what did you guys want him to say?
Credibility shot! You have everything except honesty and selflessness.
Ok, but what happened? What is he apologising for?
You have a duty to your patients to not get the virus and spread it to them unknowingly. It was an innocent mistake, but one that a medical professional like you (who has told people to stay safe and not do that) should have avoided
USE YOUR SITUATION. DONT EVEN CALL IT A SITUATION YOU PARTYED WITHOUT A MASK. I TRUSTED YOU.
So what exactly did he do?  I'm so confused about the color of his shirt. Is it yellow or white or is it wet?
I don't get this apology.  Yes, Covid is out there.  Yes, be mindful of yourself and others.  But please live your life and try to be happy.  To think you have to apologise for what happened here is a sad reflection on how fear is affecting people's decisions.
If he followed the laws and guidelines what's the problem anyway? He's admitting he made a mistake--something we all do. No one on here can say 100% of the time they have kept 2 meters away, worn a mask inside at all times and washed their hands frequently throughout the day-- they are our guidelines. Although I do agree with some saying why did he post it on his side channel... 😅 I didn't even know this existed.
how about, instead of an empty apology, you address the things that got you to do the things you are "sorry" around.  And admit that it's only human to want to do those things.
I wish I could give this video ten thumbs down
Dr Mike, we all make mistakes once in a while, it’s what makes us human. To be a person that recognises a mistake is an amazing person. You almost made me cry listen to the disappointment in your voice. Some people wait to see us slip up just so that can call you out on it. You are an amazing person and you help people every single day. Please don’t let this mistake hold on for to long but thank you for allowing us to see it and how you react to it. You’re an inspiration. Xx Remember if it happens again just get some nice essential oils and a Crystal to ... 🤣😘 ... but really thank you xx
Everyone here acting like they are these high and mighty entities being “disappointed.” He is human, a Doctor yea, but a human, who will make mistakes. Don’t come here all high and mighty. He recognized his mistake and took action on it.
I mean he is just human. I have an autoimmun disease and yet... yeah i had 1 wild weekend this year. I calculated the risks and my mental health needs won and went on a little vacation. He is literally the picture of health, was not endangering anyone, can't we all agree that role models are human too and this year is shitty enough without giving them a break? For christ sake it wasn't a packed closed spaced party... flying to the families for thanksgiving sounds much more dangeraus
I just now noticed he's the new male Karen.
iTs tOugH  Privileged fool
I would have never known about this if it was for terry. I'm very upset I had a lot of respect for Mick.
I love Dr mike. Really pure
Thank you doctor Mike for your humility. I hope you actually had a great time on your trip and got to relax. I couldn't imagine the high stress jobs you do! Suggested future video: balancing mental health and following covid 19 guidelines. (Mental health is always statistically bad this time of year....I can't imagine what a covid holiday season will do!!)
Time to listen to your own advice and take it to heart. I'm a healthcare worker who works in hospice. I've sacrificed quite a bit in my life to protect others and my patients. I've not traveled anywhere. I miss my family and friends. I've only talked to them on the phone. Our hospitals are at capacity here. I feel like I'm talking into the void telling people to stay home and wear a mask. I feel like nobody cares anymore.  This has been such a rough several months. It's emotionally exhausting sometimes.
Happy birthday to everyone who actually recognize the severity of this virus, and  respect the work of medical professionals across the globe. YOU did the responsible, selfless thing to ensure the safety of others. HAPPY FREAKING BIRTHDAY! YOU are awesome. My birthday is in a few weeks and I will be chilling at home, alone. Same as everyone else. We have all been affected by this pandemic, and it's far from over because of assholes who are "over it" or disregard science.
Wtf fake doctor.
Apparently the risk of getting your pic taken and the consequences from it was not taken into account... I really hope growth comes from this.
Apology accepted now let’s move on!! You are amazing, keep working hard, keep being great.  I’m still a fan and follower, amd don’t let so many negativity bring you down!! Everyone’s made mistakes don’t let anyone else have that or hold that against you!
I don't know, lot of people on here having a hard time forgiving him. Don't we all make mistakes, even hypocritical ones? I know I do...  He messed up as a public figure, which yes, does have repercussions on people...but at least he's been pretty true to this extra responsibility up until now.
The appearance of sin is worst than sin itself.
This is the most sincere apology I have heard in a long time
This wasn’t a minor mistake.  Many of us have lost loved ones during this pandemic, and those loved ones died alone.  Yet you think it’s a good time for a boat party?  I’m disappointed and disheartened.
We have given up so much and you went boating? As a doctor? Who has preached over and over about mask wearing?   .....Please tell me no one tested positive from this slip of yours.
Stopped watching at the 1:30 mark. This isn't him taking accountability at all. This is just him trying to justify that what he did wasn't that bad. Even this literal doctor is failing to see how his actions are dangerous during a global pandemic. God help us all.
I think you knew this isn't ok on any level. Honestly, I just feel sad and disappointed in this.
Did you people in comments not watch the video?
Why isn’t this on the main channel?:)
But those ladies were seriously worth it tho! Its all gravy baby!
Post this on your main channel, you coward.
At the beginning of Covid, I shared your videos as a "This guy can be trusted! Listen to Dr. Mike!" Jeez.  On the bright side, when I go to Florida now, I don't have to feel guilty about assessing my own risk when I have fun with my wife and kids.
So in other words, someone saw you and called you out. 🤣. You're just human like everyone else.
One mistake should not define a person. We are all trying our best. And you do what you can with this hard year. This shouldn't be a "cancellation" type offense. I'll still be watching. God's grace is freely given to all something none of us deserve, but we as humans tend to hold back grace for others. In a year that has been a dumpster fire maybe we all can extend a little grace and forgive when we can. Sending so much love and grace as God has shown me, Dr Mike. You've been one of the channels that has gotten me through this year. This won't define you!
Dr. Mike...it is a difficult time. But that applies for everyone. The unemployed, mentally disabled, or with other various mental illnesses, the elderly, etc. Even many of them find the willpower to not pull things like this. Just like the guidelines you push, should be for everyone. You knew the risks, that this should never have been acceptable. Not because of your own risk, but of everyone else you put at risk. You explained many times how vaccines and mitigating disease spread work. Not to protect the healthy, but those at greatest risk. There are selfish people putting others at risk every day, and you unfortunately are one of them. And if you're going to be transparent, post this to your main channel. Since apparently your 6 million subscribers there also deserve an apology. Though to be clear, if you can't promise you won't do it again, what exactly have you learned?
Apology accepted.  Must say it's hard to believe what happened...But  I believe too that we can all strive to become a better person in our selves and for one another. Stay strong.
youtube should take his channel away somebody needs to be responsible
You really don't seem to understand why you give credit to COVID-deniers do you? Here you really cannot blame them for 'using' you as 'proof' against COVID rules. You really chose that position yourself.  To be clear, they are wrong in their denial and that hurts public health. That is horrible and we should fight against it with truth. However, you cannot blame them for 'using' you as an example when you really made yourself that example. Even in this apology.  In this video you claim you made a risk assessment, you decided the risk was low for you. However, in a lot of your videos you claim young, healthy people should social distance. You claim they are just as much a risk factor as others. Never do you advocate doing a 'risk assessment, unless in involves yourself.  So, how are you not a hypocrite 'proofing' the rules are not needed? I place 'proofing between commas for a reason as I know your risk assessment was wrong and the rules are correct. But your choices including this video show a different stance. And THAT directly hurts public health and makes you responsible for that effect.
You’re more sorry you got caught. Apologizing is good but you’re still a massive hypocrite.
😔 just 😔
you disgust me
Sigh....you're ok
Did u delete all the hate comments
I feel like I can speak for most people when I say I watch him for the content, not the person. He messed up, yes. But he still remains a legitimate source of information and a nice person. So I will keep watching🤷🏻‍♂️
I was great full and excited about my gift sorry I can not except it we are in the middle of a pandemic should have been his next sentence
I spent my birthday with my best friend in a park. With masks. We are all stressed out. But we have responsibilities. Specially when you are a doctor and a public face. And that was so disrespectful towards  people struggling for really heavy economical/social / psychological reasons.
For my friends' birthdays, we hung out with eachother, but they only invited 2-3 close friends
As a longtime follower and supporter of you, I've respected and looked up to you so much. But as a future medical professional, this is incredibly disappointing to see. I really think you could have handled this situation better.
Im actually very shocked with this apology video. But yeah this why we have anti mask ppl unfortunately. When our public figures telling us to wear masks and not be surrounded by a large group then we see they do it especially a physician (who already wears masks for work and videos on wearing masks in public) that can be seen as hypocritical. Im not sure why he was relying on the CDC though, he should already know from his training. I just have a degree in chemistry and ik how masks work with viruses from virology/microbiology and PPE training. Im sure he'll learn from this unlike others.  Love you Mike! It'll be alright. This shall pass, its been a crazy year!
Boobies + beer = 100% would happen again if presented the scenario! 👍
this is the most fake, most forced apology i have ever heard. faker than the apology my BD gave me  when caught him cheating. I'm so disappointed doctor Mike
I’m not sure you learned anything. Disappointing.
One day at a time it's something that can make you think but also it will help when you're struggling
I understand and I forgive you look up the song
Dr. Mike I really want to forgive you, but the more I think about it, the more I feel dissatisfied with this apology. It's true that we're only human and we all make mistakes, but this is a colossal one. After how many videos you've made about the coronavirus, telling us over and over to follow CDC guidelines, it is just unbelievable that you would so blatantly disregard the most basic common sense. I trusted you and I feel incredibly betrayed. It makes me question whether anything you've said is genuine. I'm so disappointed.
Another person who tells everyone else what to do but doesn’t do it themselves, real surprising. 🙄
I’m always one to believe that people deserve second chances, and even now I still do in this case, because everyone is human and everyone makes mistakes, but this is really unfortunate. Reading through these comments is making me get a grip on how real this situation that I never thought would happen is. Because of this, now all of your past, present and future medical advice and expertise is under question, which is quite unfortunate considering how many people held so much faith and trust in you. I don’t mean to be THAT person, but I hope it was worth it 🤷‍♂️
Sorry, I spent my Birthday with a Longhorn Porterhouse steak, rice, and asparagus to go....to go, and my pug, BT, at home watching Disney+, "The Mandalorian", season 1, in September. I want to binge watch the second season, but its been busy, dont ya know. Take care.
"I live alone" how dare you forget about bear like that(;
Dr. Mike, why is this not in your main channel? Your comment that you live alone so you’re “not putting anyone else at risk” - what about all of the patients and hard working coworkers you interact with that you claim you care about so much?   You messed up. Don’t try to back out of it with an individualized risk bit, or claiming you looked this all up ahead of time. We see through that. You messed up. You’re a physician and have chosen to be a public figure, supporting science and evidenced-base medicine. You messed up.   That message should be clear on all your main media pages. Otherwise it just feels like you’re hiding, just another half-done apology and political bit.
Oof hes human for gods sake leave my fav doc alone 🥺💔
Typical liberal- do as I say, not as I do 🙄
Dr Mike is a playboy with a medical degree. I don’t really care that he partied, I expected it, but brother, don’t let these people post you partying. You shoulda worn a mask so you couldn’t be identifiable , lol. Cancel culture is wild man.   But on a serious note , like u have patients my dude, like you coulda potentially put them at risk, idk man, like if you were a banker or lawyer it’s not as serious as being a doctor.   I have legit not left my house besides to work and I ain’t a physician. I am not the person guiding people, this was the first year I didn travel because I don’t want to hurt people. Like dude, do better, only a few more months until the vaccine.   The part that frustrates me is you couldn’t sacrifice one single birthday , you’ve had many birthdays and will have many birthdays, and you couldn’t sacrifice just ONE,   that’s all we ask of you, to sacrifice one year and stay home, like your biggest problem in America is being asked to stay home, and that’s too much to ask But you have done a lot to inform the public and help us stay safe and healthy and you shouldn’t be cancelled for one mistake.  But you’re past 25, your frontal lobe is done, you don’t regret it , you regret getting caught and that’s okay because you’re human before a doctor
I believe most of us, absolute supporters of social distancing and mask wearing, have done SOMETHING during the last NINE months that wasn't sitting at home or doing things absolutely crucial to surviving. It' simply hard. We all deserve grace and that includes doctor and influencer who has done a lot of good during this pandemic. He has messed up like most of us at some point. I believe for extrovert like him absolute social distancing has been hell. I'm an introvert and currently I'm losing my mind at home. I hadn't gone to any party, haven't seen my boyfriend for a pretty long time, hadn't celebrated my birthday and yet I'm not offended because I know it's hard. And no, I'm not a massive fan or anything like that. I just think we all mess up, we all make hypocritical choices from time to time and expecting perfection and cancelling someone as soon as - shocker - we have a proof that they're not perfect is... actually hypocritical. I know I wouldn't have a single person in my life if I got "cancelled" for every mistake or "cancelled" someone for their mistake, so I'm not going to do that online.
Dr. Mike Im a nurse. Time will tell if your sincere. Im willing to wait. Dont shy away. Keep doing what you have practiced. One moment doesnt always define the person. Take care. Cant wait to see more of your vlogs. COVID is a hurddle, it will past. Give it time
Wait but if you followed all of the protocols why is it an issue?!?!? What are we supposed to do? Now following the rules is still too dangerous. I swear even some doctors are losing their minds.
Dr. MIKE should not be such a hypocrite and post this video on his main channel.
I have a lot of respect for you, but posting this apology on a channel with approximately 1% the subscribers of your main channel is embarrassing. Post this on your main channel. Come on. This is a terrible look.
Whoopsie!! I'd judge ya, but hey, I'm not perfect either.... ✌️ Cheers to being human.
You are a grown man you should have an idea of the kind of impact this situation would have on your viewers. You doing that opened up the way for doudt and attack of the guidelines of COVID 19. Anti maskers see you as a DOCTOR doing all this and figure you've essentially proved everything they thought right. This wasn't a mistake this was blantant negligence on your part. I honestly can't believe you. And you didnt follow all the guidelines. I've seen pictures the guidelines say less than 10 and I counted at least 15 or more people. You seriously need to reevaluate your priorities and stop thinking only of yourself. The rules don't apply to you when it's convenient they apply to ALL of us ALL THE TIME. You and all of those people better hope no one caught it while ya'll was partying it up.
I feel like he made this video only so he could say: " I made a mistake, but I made a 5 minutes long video where I said I'm sorry and that's it, let's move on". I mean he hasn't even posted this on his main channel, and it's like he's apologising only because he got caught. I just think this is not okay because there are people fighting for their lives against COVID-19  while someone who is a well educated doctor is celebrating his birthday (or whatever) surrounded by girls in a bikini on a private yacht in Miami. I really liked him, but now, I'm not so sure. Btw, I hope every person that has covid gets better and stays alive. Love all of you, stay healthy and be responsible.
You need time out as your in the front line i still dont know what you did and its irrellivent everyone needs time to recharge themselves if you go on a guilt trip every time you take a break then it does not have the desired effect that it should have if its people your concerned about then go into the woods and isolate instead then you are at one with yourself ...but then you dont see the people you are close to result its a calculated risk i have no problem with your choice regards doc leeroy aus
Coward...  shame on you.. fake fake  . Weak apology.  You are apologizing because you got caught
WHY IS THIS NOT ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL????   I am an RN that worked on a covid unit for 7 months, I see my family almost never and always wear a mask.  The fact that this is not on your main channel just proves what you are saying means nothing.
Your biggest mistake was uploading an apology lol
Just because someone has a MD, DR, or PHd, don't give them the right to bypass civil rights. I am so tired of all this doctor telling people what to do. The #3 killer in the USA are Medical Malpractice, my grandfather was kill by a doctor's incompetence. Why don't they fix their own institution before trying to fucking dictate what people should do. Doctors need to recommend, tell me the truth, and STFU.
Honestly, I’m kinda disappointed
My mans is really apologizing for going on a yacht which I get but man this was so real respect has been earned
Chin up my dude 👍
Really disappointing as I thought you were a great example during this pandemic. I spent my birthday by myself with my husband and 2 week old daughter who my parents could not even see. If you truly wanted to be transparent you would have at least posted this on your main channel.
The last nine months of preaching meant nothing I guess
I don't judge Dr Mike. Is there a single one of us who hasn't given in to peer pressure to do something that wasn't in our best interest? We all make mistakes. To err is human.
I like Dr. Mike, he had a human moment. bad judgement call-we all have. With that being said, he coulda left out the phony celebrity apology video-cause we all know it's just a pr move, we're all adults bro lol.
Wondering why this would not be posted on the main channel?
U are good human Mike!!!
Someone wanted to live their life and have fun. And we hate them for it why?  If your scared, stay in, dont go outside.  Dont tell others not to.
There’s always people on the internet who twist the truth around, no matter how serious the truth is. It’s not your fault that people question the legitimacy of COVID
I'm not in a position to judge, (my country has been Covid free, bar a few weeks, since June, so we had a much shorter time dealing with this than the US) but I do think this video needs to be posted on the main channel. There are many comments on the latest videos there discussing this, and it needs to be addressed. People might forgive stupid mistakes like this, but they won't forgive what is coming across as a lack of honesty. You need to risk losing people's respect to regain their trust. Post it on the main channel.   I can understand how easily this could have happened, it would have felt awkward to tell your friends, 'gee thanks for organizing this for me, but I can't go and neither should you', and it would have been super tempting after living under restrictions since March to have a break, especially if it fell within the guidelines. I'm happy to accept it was a lapse in judgement - but I don't think my forgiveness means much considering I could (if I had the money) go and do the exact same thing now in my country.   American subscribers are dealing with the double-blow of having Covid restrictions (particularly travel restrictions), and lacking the money to throw a boat party - which might feel particularly sour to those who have lost their jobs, and are facing the embarrassment of needing to ask for help for the first time (not saying everyone finds that embarrassing, but I did). It feels very extravagant to people who don't have that kind of money, and everyone will then also compare 15 or so maskless people on a boat in close proximity to the restrictions they have to deal with in their state.   So as much as I want to say 'You dingbat', and move on, I think I'm undecided until we see whether this is addressed on the main channel. I have a lot of respect for you explaining when you don't know something medical, or why the medical community are still testing something, trying to figure out why x + y = l and so on. It's partly because of that I trust you to provide accurate information on medical topics I would never understand otherwise. The best way to preserve that trust subscribers have is to continue to be upfront.   Stay safe.
You apologised cause you are caught.
Mišanku... You messed up hard. At the end of the day you did more harm to your credibility than to anything else. A shame.
Yall are all hateful and I am so fuckin sick of y’all’s cancel culture. Dr. Mike is an amazing guy and made a choice for his mental health.
If this was on his main channel I would’ve likely believed he was sincere but the fact that this is on his second channel which is so small that I didn’t even know it existed makes me think this is just for show because he got caught and doesn’t want it to affect his channel. Just damage control and not sincere.
Unbelievable hypocrisy.  And this is the person who was interviewing Dr. Fauci and slamming Trump!  He is jeopardizing people’s lives.  Fake doctor and a total creep.
“Attack me”  wtf r u doing dude? Hahah it’s so funny how he criticized all those people not using masks, while he was not using a mask in a private party. I’ve too been with my family on a yacht, and still, we had to use a face mask. I’m a Med student and it’s hard to comprehend how someone in the medical field can ignore safety protocols amid the novel coronavirus.
I doubt you'll see this comment at this point, but I really appreciate this video. Personally, the isolation is really affecting my mood and mental health. I may be taking isolation to the extreme, but who knows. It is hard to feel like I am being extra careful to protect myself and others (despite how hard it is hitting me), when so many people aren't. Honestly, part of the reason I am so careful is because I know many people cannot be and it feels like a way I can be of service. I have loved ones in healthcare, delivery services, teaching, retail etc., who cannot isolate the way I can. I don't have kids and I know that people with kids cannot simply keep them in the house all day for a year and need to go places. I live in New England, so outdoor time is pretty non-existent most days now. Seeing you partying like it was spring break stung a lot because I knew people would use it as justification for being more careless. Thank you for recognizing how this affected veiwers like me and owning it. I appreciate it and I expect you to make good on your promise to do better! Please keep making important and entertaining content. I will be watching!
Actually, no, it’s not ok for people to leave negative comments. Yes, you went out with friends. But u calculated the risk. You took the test when you came back and you didn’t put others’ lives in danger.   And honestly, you’ve been putting your life on the line for months.  So after months of hard work you deserve it.   But it’s really good that you described the situation since you’re a “public figure” and people can just follow without thinking.   Great job👏🏽
Stan dr Doolittle
Stan dr Phil
instead, stan dr Phil
You’re right. It’s hard and people make mistakes, but rarely do they admit to it. It’s quite admirable that you’re owning up to it, and it’s something that our politicians and citizens need to learn from.
Sounds like the apology of a scorpio 🦂🤣🤣.... yours truly- a gemini ♊
Don’t push yourself so hard
I am just wondering how many people out there think like him.... they check there individual status. And think they are young and healthy. If everyone thinks like this, this is why we are in the spot we are in. I am just wondering why you see politicians and influencers going out and seeing friends and family. I have not seen my sister in 7 months my brother in 8 months my mom I have only seen her through the window. It’s sad. Because they tell you this things not to do. But yet they do otherwise. I understand it’s a mistake, but someone that knows better should not make excuses for themselves to make themselves think it was ok to do it. If he had to do research to make himself think it was ok it’s obviously not ok. His mistake was that he fell into pressure.... What about his friends are they all young and healthy? And are you saying if your young and healthy you won’t get it???? We can really debate this back and forth. But I think people really need to not give in to pressure and I know as tempting things get to go out and see family and friends we should not cave in so one day we can be the old normal. Because I sure miss the old normal.
Ignore the hate, you still have supporters ❤️🥰
Everyone... I think this was a really thoughtful apology video and was not shallow or self-serving like most YouTube apologies. I was disappointed by this news because I respected his advocacy for the CDC guidelines. This clarification does help and I appreciate knowing you still hold respect for science and public health. No one is perfect. I will come out and say that I accept your apology, Doctor Mike.
Dude , Ur shameless 😂 Nobody is gonna believe this
He made a mistake, he owned up, he apologised and he didn't promise that it wasn't going to happen again because he couldn't, nobody can. Fair play to him.  People should be angry with what he did, as he himself points out. But I disagree with the self righteousness surrounding cases like these.   I have family working in hospitals and residencies, I know the stress they're under. And believe it or not, sometimes they crack underneath it and fall out of line.  They themselves are the very first to regret their actions, as he was the first to regret his own. But I can't exactly blame him for giving in.  He was gifted a boat. A boat. In Miami, Florida and a party with friends and family. How many of us could have turned that offer down? He saw an opportunity to relieve some stress and he took it.  Yes, he shouldn't have done it and he himself admits that. But I know full well that my family working on the frontline of this pandemic would have done the same given the opportunity.   He made a mistake but so would have I and a good few more than that would have done so too. We're human, this is gonna happen.  When it does happen, we should call it for the hypocrisy that it is. But we should also be empathic, especially to health workers who are actively helping us way more than being hypocrites
I’m astounded to see how brainwashed people are. Do the math. He did nothing wrong but to apologize for going against SUPERSTITION!
It feels like I’m hearing the same information over and over again, I genuinely don’t care that you don’t  care about yourself and  the people you hang out with and choose not to wear a mask, like whatever dog, do whatever you want. it’s just that I feel like you read this apology out 1000 times and this is the 1001 time, and I am just as exhausted as you are, hearing you reading it for the 1001 time.   filing this under “draining to receive.”
If fabric masks work then sit in a small closet with an open can of varnish and tell me how that works out for you
I've been holed up on my room for 3 months, so I know that's like to sacrifice something because of the virus. If you followed the guidelines, I really don't care.
He's so afraid to tarnish his reputation, that he didn't want to leave a permanent mark on his main channel 🙄
I am very disappointed. You apologize but then say, I am young, I don’t have health risk, etc, etc. You were with lots of people on that boat! So it is not about you, it is about what you and your group were doing, the risks you are putting other people to. Didn’t you say you went to visit your dad in Miami? What about him? I imagine how hurt the HCP who follow you must have felt.
1:01 oh PLEASE, there were MORE than 10 people on that boat in those pictures. And you were all literally way less than 6 feet apart
Here's my opinion:  I'm disappointed in Dr Mike. I feel like I'd be less disappointed if everyone had masks while on the boat since they are not swimming while lounging. Even if he was the only one wearing a mask, I'd prefer it. At least he'd be being cautious for everyone else. If the group picture was everyone spaced out and wearing masks I'd feel less betrayed.  But it just seems like this pandemic isn't the same for privileged people. You're rich so it's ok for you is the vibe it gives. You can afford to take 2 weeks off to isolate after a fun birthday weekend. Not everyone can.  Also, what kind of friends are these that think this is an appropriate way to celebrate their doctor friend? Like a boat party during a huge covid spike and hugely irresponsible. Mike should've seen that too instead of think he's exempt because of his age and health. As someone that pursued a platform to spread knowledge, he's gotta know that the platform has its consequences.  Lastly, obviously this isn't posted on his main channel so he doesn't lose sponsors and subscribers and try to sweep this under the rug.
Friends sometimes don't understand the risk. They can really surprise you sometimes. It's not your fault it's your friends. They made you feel guilty into taking the gift. Let them understand that they failed you. You are only human. You have been doing the right thing all the time and then a friend steps in and ruins all your progress. Be more stern with them and if they get upset, walk away and do the right thing for yourself.
Honestly didn't even know what he was talking about. All I can hear is the snl "I'm on a boat!"
Dr.Mike with all the respect to your apology u took all the measures to make sure that you and everyone with you was safe!  We must live our lives safely along side this pandemic especially if we are in the healthcare industry  I don’t see that you have made a mistake.
But you see, it's not "you can" harm your message it is "you did" harm your message. And although those "bad actors" are wrong, you opened the door for them. Yes, if you want to be a public figure, - and I think you should be, you do a great job usually - then the image you put out there is as important or more important than all the good underlying planning you may have done. My final thing is that the photo that was posted was not some paparazzi with a zoom lens from shore, you all posed for that.
I understand. I would've partied aswell. We all need a break from all this.
“I’m young, healthy and I live alone so I won’t put anyone else at risk”  You’re a DOCTOR who sees patients who could easily be at risk presumably EVERY day  You can’t just calculate your own risk you have to consider other people’s risk  The whole point of masks and social distancing if to keep everyone safe not just yourself
OK, let's say what you're saying is true. And your friends did surprise you with the boat. Did everyone self-isolate for 14 days before the event, and did everyone have a test that came back negative? Did you self-isolate when you got back? I'm going to take a stab in the dark and say no. You're a Doctor, Mike! You know people can be asymptomatic and be contagious! IDK, man. I used to have so much respect for you but as soon as the possibility to party with scantily clad women falls in your lap, it's like you forget you're a doctor and have people who depend on you to keep them alive ¬.¬
“I’ll be transparent and honest...”  Yeah if you get caught.
I forgive you for it cause you owned up to what you did. And I appreciate you allowing others to criticize you and not the message. Because what the world needs to understand is just because someone strays doesn’t mean the message isn’t still the same. We are all having a hard time dealing with this. Everyone must understand that having covid is not a joke regardless of how many people don’t die from it. The after effects are what makes it 10x worse. People not being able to fully recover for months and sometimes they don’t recover at all. Long haulers have stayed in the hospital for months. Never being able to see your loved ones. Going through all that pain and feeling scared alone at the same time. My heart goes out to those with family memebers who have died or not yet returned home. I hope the vaccines come out soon. Take care of yourselves and be safe.
Live your life doc!
I literally don’t care that you went on a boat. I’m sorry you have this current experience. You weighed the risk and didn’t feel there was one. This is literally not even a big issue. Good luck dude
It was very  irresponsible for the individuals who planned the surprise party in the first place knowing the situation.
NO YELLING ON THE BUS!!!!!
Why wasn’t this uploaded to the main channel????   Edit: Seeing the like to dislike ratio gives me a great clue as to why 😴🥱
Yeah, you messed up pretty badly, not only with the party but also by trying to cover it and not apologizing on your main channel, if rumors are true. With great power (number of followers) comes great responsibility, to cite Spider-Man. I'm really disappointed of you. Yet we are all human. I can understand you. And everybody deserves a second chance. But it will need time to forgive this foolishness.
Why is this not on your main channel? That’s not open or honest. This is not learning from your mistakes or you would have posted on your actual channel not this one.
Why apologize for something that shouldn’t be a problem. If you took the precautions and people around did the same plus it was open space the risks are slim to non. Covid is serious but there’s moments and places where it should be addressed accordingly. This to me is a politically correct message and not an apology. If he really think Covid should be taken seriously he should cancelled the trip.
For all the people saying "He's apologising because he got caught and not because he's really sorry" I think we all did that. We probably disobeyed to our parents and probably even lied when we got caught, so we're nobody to judge this man's decision as he took precautions like he said. At the end of the day, we're all humans
Very disappointed. If you really have any sense of remorse, own your mistake and upload this video to your main channel.
I appreciate hearing your side of the story. and It's ok. We're human. We make mistakes. Here's what I hate: I HATE IT WHEN THE MEDIA CALLS SOMEONE OUT FOR MAKING A MISTAKE AND ACTING LIKE THEY NEVER MAKE MISTAKES. WHEN IN REALITY, EVERYONE MAKES MISTAKE. NOBODY IS PERFECT. THE ONLY ONE WHO IS FULLY PERFECT IS GOD.
I don't like you anymore-🙂✋ bye
Why you didn’t posted this video on your main channel?only sorry cause you got caught. Typical!
How much did you pay your doctor friends to stick up for you? Y'all are trash.
This is absolutely horrible. The apology and what happened. I have been a loyal follower of your channel, Doctor Mike, for years now. I have trusted what you preach and educate on because I trust your credentials, and you as a person. Beyond this being a completely irresponsible, disrespectful, and horrible decision that you actively made, you have also actively betrayed our trust. You have done so both by choosing to party during a pandemic and by not posting this on your main channel. Now I’m upset because who knows what else you have been hiding from us, or not following through with? There is a breach of trust that has occurred here, and I just... don’t know what to think
You're a 31 year old frat boy with a medical degree, grow some balls and own up on your main channel
privileged
Downvote for the algorithm 👎
Man, I didn’t even hear about this until another channel made a video about it. My dude, FaceTime or Houseparty or zoom for a birthday party. That’s what my friends and I have done for ours and it was fun too.
It was one mistake dude, It's fine
Extremely disappointed. I spent my fiancé’s birthday apart because I care more about the people around me than myself. All I hear is excuses man, I used to use you as a good trusted source about Covid but oh 🐳
why would you post a video saying you're apologizing but not put it on your main channel? why would you post it on your side channel that has a lot less subscribers? you're just avoiding telling people who dont know yet
Actually I feel bad for him he's forced to make ppl careful and stuff but man's got alife of his own he's a human beyond a doctor lol This my opinion if you want to correct me yep correct me.... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
But like imagine being someone who sees this stuff in person everyday and still not giving af about being in a pandemic 🙄
free dr mike he aint do nothing🗣
P.s please put this on ur main channel
PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH
Happy Birthday! Thank you for addressing this.  Criticise the behavior, not the person (including yourself); Regardless of what you show us, please cherish the people and experiences from that trip. With age and practice, you'll be able to segregate the taint of regret so it can just be "a part" of the memory, and allow you to draw on the joy to keep you rolling and doing the good work you do. <3
You should post this video on your main channel to be more effective. If you have the apology on both channels it reaches more people  UPDATE I really was trying to give Dr Mike the benefit of the doubt and resist my urge to just write him off out of anger but he won't even post his apology to his main channel. The only reason I even saw this video was bc I had post notifications turned on for his second channel. I quit my job and am enrolled in distant learning for college, following the advice of medical professionals bc my mom is severely immune compromised yet many political/medical officials aren't following their own advice. It truly makes me doubt the efficacy of social distancing when they aren't. I only continue to quarantine bc I won't risk my mothers health, not because I trust the CDC or government.
What happen?
I always got the sense 'bringing health education' to the people was not his first priority, but behind running a successful and popular channel with lots of subscribers. He NEVER covers 'controversial' topics like Mamma Dr Jones and some others.
I really wish this wasn’t one of those cases of  “LOOK i said iM sOrRY. im taking aCCoUntAbiLITY” videos... that they post on their account with the least followers they have. I honestly expected more from him.
I don’t unsub or stop following people when they mess up (usually), and I won’t be this time. I can understand the logic of, “Oh, I did the research for where I was and made a judgment based on the situation.” I also know that people are very quick to tear those higher than them down for mistakes that they’ve made themselves. As an influencer it was wrong to think this wouldn’t lead to massive backlash, I mean, you’ve lost a ton of subs because of this and it is going to take a very long time to recover. Learn and be better, that’s all you can really do.
why is this apology not on your main channel? very sus...the views won't be the same and the whole sum of your audience won't see it...this is an effort at hiding and damage control.
It's okay Dr. Mike we are all human we all make mistakes sometimes. Please don't do that again its not worth the risk even for a doctor who knows better. Be happy and safe
Sir, Don't apologize. You just look weak. Most of us don't wear masks around people we know. Our life just isn't in the lime light for the world to see. :-) Stay sexy!
Dr Mike I still love your segments and and I hope you dont stop nobody's perfect and certainly not you I understand that you apologized just keep on doing you everyone who's disappointed in you I could swear they never make a mistake ok so what yes there is it's a time where everyone is is living in FEAR  you did wat you did you are well let ppl say what they have to say I'm from Trinidad they think what you did was bad hmmmmmm well......... ok then Love you God bless you and just keep on doing a great job.
Very disappointed in you.  Yes you messed up, but why didn’t you just postpone the celebration given that a vaccine will come soon?  I am elderly and my husband is compromised so have to stay at home and so do many others.  Then we see you as a doctor that should know better, like the “doctors” that attended Newsomes party!  Do you know something they don’t?
Love you too
your main audience is on your main channel. Post it there.
To those of you still questioning how serious this pandemic is, Dr. Mike (and others, such as Gov. Gavin Newsom of CA) have given you the answer, through their actions. It's not what people say, but how they act which really reveals their true beliefs. And Dr. Mike has told us, by his actions, that this pandemic isn't as threatening as the government and mainstream media have made it out to be. End the lockdowns, and expose the hypocrisy, people.
Why was this not posted on your main channel??  The one with the biggest audience?  I have missed birthdays, Mothers Day, Fathers Day, Thanksgiving,  and other events important to me.  You tell everyone to stay home, wear your mask, follow local government guidelines and you go off and do the opposite!! No amount of an apology can change that.
Post this on your main channel, delete the the first minute and 50 seconds. None of those things are relevant.  1. You shouldnt have traveled 2. You should have said no to the party. 3. You know better then the CDC guidelines 4. Your individual risk is irrelevant you are a treating physician you have patients and colleagues.  Explaining your rational in the first 2 minutes is more irritating and annoying then apologetic.
I mean, he took every precaution he should have to do this, and he planned a quarantine after the trip just in case. What’s the issue here? That he’s privileged enough to be able to quarantine 2 weeks after a vacation if he needs to? He’s a doctor, it kinda comes with the job. Now if he had taken no precautions, gone right back to meeting patients in person, yeah maybe it’d be an issue but idk, this seemed like an issue raised by people who expect others to live the same way as them despite being in very different conditions
That’s all any human can do & no one can ever do more than their best. Period. (best advice ever given to me) Thank you for doing what you do Dr. Mike, this pandemic has indeed been incredibly hard on all of us, particularly front line workers. It’s sad we’re in this weird gaslight era where truth & science doesn’t carry the weight it should. I still believe in you & value you so much as do many others I’m sure.  I have aEDS & am disabled from it with intractable pain, autoimmune issues put me in the high risk category for Covid, so I’ve essentially been in some form of lockdown since March. Your channel is always a bright spot whether it’s useful information or a smile to lighten my day. Again, thank you for all that you do to make the world a little bit of a better place to exist in. 🥰
This year  my dad who has esophageal cancer spent father's day in the hospital alone. He had covid19 and pneumonia the covid19 he got from his doctor. My brother and I weren't allowed to see him on father's day we couldn't even call him on the phone because he was so sick. You of all people should have  known better.
Hypocrite spreader host, you don't deserve your influence over anything
We love you too ❤️
Delete this and post a real apology on your main channel
why is this not on your main channel?
Ok, he lives alone. But what about when he goes to his clinic or hospital or wherever he works at? We know masks do not protect you 100%. So he's OK with putting his patient's lives at risk. Yes, we are sick and tired and this last year we've been really harsh and quick to judge on social media, just ready to attack and cancel everyone but maybe that's because we are stuck at home and depressed while we watch everyone else not doing what they should be doing.
Dr.Mike, I get we’re all human and we make mistakes. What more can we ask for? Your a role model and we thank you for that.😁
First of all, as someone who has lived in Miami, I have friends who’ve been very responsible throughout this whole journey but have also gathered on boats for different celebrations or parades. Is it ideal? No, but it is also not a crime against humanity. Second of all, different states are having different sets of rules during this pandemic, and while it’s true that Florida isn’t in quite good shape, as long as you follow guidelines established by the state, you’re doing fine. Next, yes, he needs to be held to a high standard as a public figure, that doesn’t he isn’t going to make mistakes ever  in his life, so if you follow anybody with that expectation in mind, don’t follow them in the first place. It’s really disgusting how you expect him to not have lapses in judgement, and even if he had posted a different apology on the main channel, y’all would be begging for more. Yes, he needs to win our trust back, and that will be hard after this, but stop acting as self-righteous as humanly possible, it’s really not pleasant to see.
I am a very skeptical person when it comes to COVID. I think people go overboard a little but my wife is an RN and I work in a industry where I can easily be exposed to COVID. From experience, COVID is real. Yes certain people can get this and easy it could cost a life or change a persons quality of life permanently. Most people that get this will be ok but a few will not. There is no reason to panic but there is no reason to be careless either. People will make mistakes but by being self aware it can help break the chain.
You did nothing wrong, people just love whining.
Unfortunately he lost a subscriber and I’m sure he will lose many more.  Actions speak louder than words...
What happened?
What a joke you are, total hypocrite. You purposely scheduled this event, it wasn't a "mistake". You aren't sorry.... you're sorry that you got caught.
People make mistakes. Admitting and learning from them is what matters most
You guys get mad over nothing. This is why a lot of people are leaving youtube. It was one day celebrating his birthday.
What did he even do, I'm confused?
Nope, can’t take his advice seriously any more. I wondered if the official advice went too far, and his actions support my suspicion. I am going to start doing whatever I feel like doing. Screw it.
So you think this video is damage control? It’s not called “messed up” in our field of healthcare. It’s called misconduct in my country. I don’t know what they call it in US! I could loose my license to practice if this happened here. You are living proof US healthcare is messed up by money.
Let's not forget that doctors are fallible,... but attacking good doctors does not help. I say this as a COVID19 researcher, we all have to work together ;)
Mike, you have become the very thing you swore to destroy. It was said that you would destroy the mask-deniers, not join them; bring balance to  Youtube, not leave it in darkness...
This is embarrassing.
🤡
Yikes my guy hope you shape up and start practicing what you preach
I'd highly consider putting this on your main channel where everyone follows you.
The country I'm from and live in has far fewer cases than the US and we have restrictions since mid November. Also this is his side channel but I came from his main channel because he linked/posted about this videi to there. To the point.Yes you messed up and people caught you. I won't be the first person to through rocks at you because I know I was out during fall. You are a public figure and you should have done better. But I believe Dr. MIKE is the kind of person who will do better. Everone made bad choices in life. Youtube hates apology videos but this one is one of the genuin ones out there in comparetion.
Too many excuses to come across like a genuine apology. It is also not the point to have a negative test result. Actions speak louder than words
Doctor Mike you put yourself out there and said you messed up. A lot of people would try to hide it or just say never mind. You've put yourself in front of everyone and said sorry. Xx
NOPE.
So when FIGS makes a mistake it’s cancel them, but when you make a mistake it’s ok to just forgive and forget? smh
I haven't gotten my flu shot yet. Sometimes we do things we know we shouldn't, sometimes we don't do things we know we should. "To err is human."
There's an impostor among good people.
you made a mistake the good thing is that you have acknowledged it. you are a good person and you will learn and grow from this and become a better doctor and person for it. None of us are perfect and i imagine its even harder when your in the career you are in and doing youtube. You are put on a pedestal which i imagine is a lot of pressure.  cut yourself some slack  and keep moving forward
You’re only sorry you got caught.
You just lost a subscriber.
Not really a big fan of people who can't practice what they preach. What he did is incredibly irresponsible ESPECIALLY as a health care worker. Also, if you plan something before going through with it, it wasn't a mistake it was a choice
POST THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL.
Please discuss the eugenics in ice camps. Please. You never shy from tough topics, why shy from this and the genocides of muslims in China?
After all We're humans. We make bad decisions sometimes.
I agree that this was a major mistake on Doctor Mike's part, but I think the amount of hate that he is receiving may be over the top. This was an impulsive decision and a mistake, but it could always be worse. It was on a boat, that has good airflow, and though still most definitely a high-risk situation for covid 19 this should not be a carrier destroying mistake because of a short lapse in judgment. Assuming this is the whole story and a one-time thing, people make mistakes and at least he's not going home to expose elderly relatives to covid. He's not a full out hypocrite for a lapse in judgment. The action was hypocritical but there is no malintent in his actions, nor is this video just him making a "Young person excuse." He just made a mistake and will make better choices later.
This was a big mistake, but as we all know...nobody is perfect.  As I tell myself and my kiddos, learn from it and do better.
I get it, there’s a pandemic (wear your mask), but seriously y’all should step down from your high horses and chill out, he didn’t have to make this video knowing he’d get this response. Doctors are human too, people
An acquaintance of mine, a med resident, asked my close friend not to report her as part of the contact tracing when she was Covid positive cuz she also estimated "the risk of her getting infected was low". She was preaching the mask wearing and high awareness as well, it is so sad to see doctors having double standards. I understand he too needs to went out but you are A DOCTOR and a youtuber, you have some responsibilities! At least don't take photos or videos!
do as i say not as i do
I didn’t even know this channel existed!! Why the hell not post it on your main channel Mike...
Similar to other folks - why isn't this video made on your actual channel - the one with almost 7 million subscribers. If you truly want to apologize and take ownership of your mistakes, have the guts to do it there and not post it on a side channel which most people didn't even know existed (including myself until today). Very very disappointed in what you did but even more disappointed in how you handled it
I had to leave school, struggled with anxiety and depression and took care of my dying grandma whilst social distancing oh and I also didn't commemorate my birthday. You're a f*ng doctor, and an grown up, who has acknowledged the seriousness of this desease. Your apology is just an extended version of "sorry I got caught".
Okay guys  Enough with the hate comments  This guys a doctor  He has a high stress life  He has the courage to come up on social media and admit that he messed up  And he did it just once  There r sooo many of us that have done this kinda thing even if we refuse to accept it  I am not saying what he did was right  But I m saying that no one is perfect and sometimes one oversees risk and makes an error of judgement  So give it a break  Just saying
I am very proud of you, doctor mike, you have a nice and attractive personality. yes we all know that no human being is perfect, all humans can make mistakes. but not everyone can be like you who are willing to admit mistakes and are big-spirited and have the humility to apologize to the public. I will always be your loyal follower.
You messed up bad DOC .. 🤣😉😉✌ ITS OK. JUST A STRESSBUSSTER😁😁😁
important lesson: don't get caught
Let's be honest you only apologize because you got caught how long was that photo and now a September one again?
garbage. he probably is not even a doctor
Admitting you’re wrong to your much smaller YouTube channel isn’t much mike
Go live. You have one life and hipocrite mike wants to try to control you. Your not gonna die, maybe a slight cold. Had it 2 times already. He’s apologizing for living his life but he should be apologizing for trying to control yours!
I don't know.... I bet every single one of us has at least once gone out to see friends, or family this pandemic. As much as we can do to limit social interaction, i feel that all of us are always going to have a need to socialize, and it's only a matter of time before we all cave in, or damage our mental health. We're human. While I see how it was dangerous to his message, how dr. Mike explains, to make this trip, from a perspective of an influential figure, from the perspective of a human to human, i don't blame him, and I'm sad to see so many hateful, discouraging  comments. Year 2020 has been rough on all of us... As a first year med student, i don't feel guilty saying, that I would have done the same in doctor Mike's position, if I was in his shoes....
You are only apologizing because you were caught! So sick of these “influencers” that are FAKE! Now this is being used by conspiracy theorist to undermine everything we have done thus far in this pandemic! Just stop!
What a hypocrite this guy is. You are not sorry for your actions, you are sorry you got exposed.
Imagine if Dr. Fauci did something similar. There would be actual riots. Thank God Mike doesn’t have as big of a reach as Fauci.
I’m more worried about who all those women were, and why his closets male friends weren’t a majority, instead those women were? It’s very distasteful to treat women as accessories to brag about....
If you were a normal person you  may be wouldn't feel that guilty but bec. you are a doctor you have to be a role model ... i appreciate a lot what you are doing right now 💗💗
Thanks for  admitting that you messed up
I'm seeing a lot of people giving reasons why he didn't post this on his main channel. That it's a serious topic, that he linked it in his main channel. The fact is he was making these statements that we should "ALL " take this pandemic serious on his main channel. Therefore, I think everyone on his main channel should view this on the main channel
Wait so what actually happened? I’m still confused... he flew down and had a small party on a boat and something went wrong - that’s all the information I’m getting from this video. Could someone explain the full situation?
It's unfortunate. You're still a person and need that break from life. No apology needed 👊 keep up the great work
lol I like that you didn't have the balls to post this on your actual main channel where people will actually see it You are not sorry about doing it, you are sorry you got caught  Classic narcissist Friggin' hypocrite
An apology done right. Rare these days.
The amount of absolutely degenerate ape dogs in this comment section assuming they have any right to say anything about what Dr Mike can do in his free time is honestly cringe u subhuman animals need to learn ur place ur irrelevant if he wants to party he can party know ur place dogs
Excuses, excuses. That’s all I hear.
I had to watch my (only) grandfather's COVID funeral on FACEBOOK. I needed my family so desperately, but even I knew that al the exposure from traveling would endanger my health, my family's health and the public health.   For you to not only take an entirely unnecessary trip, but to be around a large group of people unmasked and in close contact  is completely irresponsible and absolutely disgusting.   And here you are parsing our guidelines to excuse the risk you knew you were taking. You should know than you don't exist in a bubble and your individual risk is irrelevant. Facilitating this party increases the risk of community COVID spread.
I wrote three paragraph of a comment about how I feel deceived despite my sympathy for Dr Mike and it didn't show up after posting? I don't know if it's a problem with my app or there is some censorship going on here.
I am confused as to what he did wrong
There's no pandemic, only a big scam.
SO you learned a valuable lesson? Was that lesson the one of Hypocracy? If so, you are an adult, you should have learned that years ago. You're just a typical egocentric child in an adult body, yearning for 'likes' and acceptance. Do us all a favor and delete your YT channel.
Well, my grandmother has lost 5 family members & 1 niece (an RN) in the hospital from covid.   Everyone in our church who was infected lived with 3 hospitalized.   Every one here has an opinion about these CDC rules. There are many who dont wear a mask and some who do.....in public places. Because you are a very popular, watched, doctor on social media many many saw what you did.   Always expect some negativity when you are held on a pedestal bc eventually, you'll fall.   Im not bothered by what you did. Bc Im sure everyone on here that is pointing a finger at you has done something to cause an uproar. I have & Im not famous🤣🤣🤣🤣
Can somebody explain wth happened?
Zamn bruh WOW.
All these super heroes in the comments acting like they have done everything perfectly since March.
Lost all respect for you .
This is quite an unfortunate apology. So many excuses, especially ones that directly contradict evidence.   The picture that got leaked showed 16 people. Are you telling me they just showed up for the picture and left? How is this within the guidelines you showed in the video?  Someone speaking on your behalf mentioned you only took off your mask going in and out of the water. Where's your mask in the picture?  You have a history of deflecting and making excuses on your "response" videos. I hope you don't just think it's just the cancel mob crucifying you here; as a genuine fan, I'm very disappointed.
So sorry you can't post this on your main channel?
I would have preferred a YouTube post but thanks for your transparency
Did you test positive that's what happened??
It’s not about your risk dude, we do it for others, wearing masks is for others. You downplayed it, don’t blame it on others and don’t say you followed rules and guidelines because you could’ve brought the virus to your coworkers and patients and you know it.
Are we still alert not anxious?
Literally anybody mad at you for this needs to stop thinking celebrities are their personal God figures responsible for designing morality for everyone else. You had a party. Oops. Who the f*** cares?!
This really needs to be on your main page. I’m really conflicted in regards to if I should unsubscribe or not
Mike, we understand, but pls don't go so hard on urself! You ARE a good doctor 👨‍🔬 and a responsible person, never doubt that, but in the first place you are human, and mistakes can happen to all of us...
People need to understand that humans make mistakes! On top of that, information can really only be judged and determined by each individual based on their own terms/experiences.   Please don't feel discouraged/depressed because you feel, think, or know you made a mistake. Even if others are belittling you on the sidelines, supporters will always be there to ensure you stay upbeat, positive, and happy! Chin up my dude! Make sure you're staying happy, stay safe, and I look forward to your next videos!
Its ok
Hi Dr. Mike, I'm also an early career physician. I think your message is ultimately a good one. Thank you for your public discussion and apology. I was disappointed when I saw the pictures, because it flies in the face of all we are working for, for our patients and for public health. However, being Internal Medicine/Geriatrics, and dealing with some COVID+ patients as a PCP and in the hospital... I also think healthcare practitioners are under enormous, endless stress right now, so I get the "wanting to just forget COVID for a minute, be with friends, have some fun and feel normal for a second" mentality.   However, as you recognize now, that just can't really happen. Whether this is lip-service, or you actually get it, only you know. What we have to practice what we preach, and really live the message, live by example. Hopefully your message is genuine, and I want to believe it is. I wish like Dr. Mike that people wouldn't use his "big oops" as a reason to throw in the metaphorical towel, however. He's human, he messed up, and he learned a lesson of fame this month. But folks, let's also remember the Fundamental Attribution Error. It is way way more likely that he is in a bad situation, rather than being a "bad guy". It's like healthy living -- diet and exercise -- just because you have cake or skip a few days of running does NOT mean the whole thing is a loss. You just pick yourself back up and try harder the next time. So keep masking up, social distancing, and washing those hands. We are all in this together, and one of our own, Dr. Mike had a stumble. So we help him back up, and help him to do better next time. Just like we'd want someone to do for us.  And we ABSOLUTELY DO NOT make his mistake a soundbite for a warped anti-mask, COVID-is-hoax agenda. That is never okay, and that is where the irreparable public and personal health harm comes from -- not one bad idea boat trip. Let's raise people up, not drag people down. Keep fighting, y'all. :)
My uncle died of the virus at age 50 a few months ago. Its the worst. I didn’t even get the chance to attend to his funeral because of restrictions. Im tired of people telling everyone to stay at home, and social distance, but they do otherwise.   Your friends surprised you with a boat or a party? Say no. There’s people that are dying. Please post this on your main channel so that people can see it, and realize that they’re risking people’s lives.  I expected more from you. People make mistakes, i get that. Really. But you and everyone else have to realize that you are endangering other people too. Not just yourself.
BRUH
this aint it chief
i stg you had literally one job, and that was to NOT go to miami beach and party without masks
in the pics there is at least 15 people you fhilthy liar
As a fan from a 3rd world country, i understand everything that you are facing, my country Malaysia is one of the country that have overcome the pandemic, but due to political selfishness, we are facing the 4th wave, keep it up dr Mike, I’ve learn a lot from your channel , and I hope everything will go the right way, Love from Malaysia! Weakness is not a shame, we all grow from it!
You have learned nothing.  You posted an "apology" on your channel with 65k subscribers, not you main channel with 6.5M.  If you were truly sorry you wouldn't be hiding your apology like this.  Masks aren't just for the sick and weak.  They are for everyone.
Oh dr Mike, I’m struggling with this 😞
Imagine being a doctor and not helping people with COVID, but instead help people get it
Man some of you are goofy. You waited around til he did something to come down hard on him and probably justify your own actions and behavior. Hes human like the rest of us. He can make mistakes and be tempted like the rest of us. So chill.
It was a mistake but your message is true your followers will forgive you. Those that are using your mistake as a reason to no follow CDC guidelines, probably were not following them anyway unfortunately you happen to be the example they are using today. wishing you love in Blessing I know this is not an easy time for you right now. ❤
Not even on the main channel? You acted like a teenager not like a well informed doctor, also this was not an apology this was damage control. DO BETTER
As usual the public moral crusaders don't actually believe in their own rules. Just look at the California governor too.
I don't understand why people watch this dude. Isn't it obvious how fake he is?
This proves that Dr Mike is a reptilian communist alien!
aw boobs
Ah yes, people normally hire out expensive boats as a surprise for a birthday party without asking them first in case they can't make it lmao 😂.   But fair enough, I get the point, it doesn't have to undermine the main message still
Congratulations! I no longer value your opinion as a healthcare professional!
Wait, what happened here?
Can we just unsubscribe
I would never think that a medical doctor who has seen firsthand the gravity of this pandemic would be the one partying in Miami.   I, along with hundreds of thousands of Americans, had to bury my loved ones on Zoom. I, along with hundreds of thousands of Americans, had to celebrate birthdays, graduations, and weddings virtually. It's crazy that a DOCTOR would be the one to party during this pandemic, let alone one who has made over TEN videos on this pandemic urging us to socially distance and to treat this virus seriously.   I believe in forgiveness, but at the same time, it's hard for me to accept this apology that you put on a channel with 65 thousand followers instead of your main account with over 6 million. It's hard for me to understand why you thought a party in the COVID hotspot of Miami is worth risking other people's lives for. As someone who wanted to go into the medical field and had followed you for inspiration, you lost a long time subscriber.  For anyone who may be reading this and feeling quarantine fatigue and may want to follow this man's actions, I will quote a famous doctor who I once respected:   "COVID-19 is not a joke," Dr. Mike, 2020.
It’s not that deep
We all have lapses of judgment every once in a while and right now it's especially hard to toe the line. Here in Germany there's new rules and guidelines every day and they are different for every region too. I'm trying, but it seems impossible to stay on top of them all. It must be so much harder for a public figure when you're constantly under a microscope. Unfortunately, people easily forget that celebrities are humans just like the rest of us. You make mistakes like the rest of us and you are allowed to make them because you are human. I can't believe the amount of hate going around because of one mistake that probably every single one of us has made this year. I wish people would be more forgiving and just be kind. Especially in these hard times.
I am incredibly disappointed. I know so many healthcare workers who had not seen their family or go out do social activities since the pandemic. If they do it’s usually outside socially distanced from everyone. “Being young and healthy” only told me you cared about just yourself and didn’t even consider those around you. Sir, you contradicted yourself there. If you are spreading information and telling these people to stay at home and be safe, YOU also have to do it especially with such a strong presence. You should have known people will look at your actions and now they will think it’s okay. I only think your actions will show to other people now it’s okay to do those activities with a very high active case count thus spreading it more.
Cool way to promote another channel.
Uff dude, I appreciate you and I look up to you and I really can't understand why you were in the mood of partying like that with everything that's been going on
I'm very dumb, can someone explain what's happening...? Edit: Nvm, I just saw the pictures and i'm disappointed... And its such a dumb apology video...
And people still believe in this scam.  Use your brains, people. You are a tool.
Love you regardless
Okay I'll be real about the impact of this: I run a fraternity and I've been working hard to keep them from NOT partying. Ive been using references like you, Doctor Mike, and Ive been telling my brothers in the frat to watch your videos to educate themselves. But then I see them sharing images in our chat about you partying, and jesus, you've basically drawn skepticism to all the evidence Ive used to keep party-minded people COVID safe... c'mon man.
Jesus these comments are disgusting man he said he was sorry and he fucked up now he's gonna be canceled? Like cmon LMFAOAOAO yall have no idea if he went down there just to party yall dont even have the full story you just have his side which tbh is all u need Believe him or not he still messed up but that doesn't give yall the right to go out of the way and say racial Slurs at him whats wrong with yall 😐🙁
Oh Dr.Mike your great😃
How many dead bodies do we need to pile up for America to treat it seriously?
Unfortunately according to Doctors around the world, you are still at risk, as young people are still dying from this. Another person of privilege forgetting he has a platform. Unfortunately I cannot take you seriously anymore. You definitely need to reframe your thinking as you caused this. You made it appear as if when you're young and 30 you do not have to worry. I hope you can sit with this, as you have traveled in a car and a plane and it is common sense that isn't part of quarantine. Hope this was a BIG teachable moment.
im unsubscribing dr. mike. very disappointed.
Hypocrat
Makes sense.  You seem like a very social person.  It is understandable that you could no longer handle it.  Especially when your friend pressured you with a free boat.  We make mistakes all the time.  Nobody  has ever followed the rules or regulations as strictly as I expect them to.  I try to limit being influenced by the actions of others.  You are forgiven and no worries.  I will not use your actions as an excuse to behave as poorly or worse.  Take care, always.
As a doctor and a long time fan, I'm very disappointed. Not only about what you did, but mostly about this video. The 6 million people who follow you on your main channel (where you criticized people from going to influencer parties and not wearing masks) deserved these words. All your Twitter followers deserved this message from YOU, not retweeted from others while you hide in your side channel. You do wonderful work educating and being compassionate, you are an inspiration to many, and I get it, you're human and we've been locked up for too long. But you're in the public eye and you need to be better. Still a fan, and hoping you will come out of this wiser.
This is embarrassing.
Every one makes a mistake. Thank you for admitting you were wrong. You are only human. I forgive you. Lots love from South Africa 🌍
guys, Corona is  real  and not a lie,   do not believe those who say that children and teenagers do not get infected, cause my family and I  were all infected even my 7-month-old brother and we were placed in quarantine for a month and all this despite our implementation of all precautionary measures.🙂
Yeah, he f.cked up. So what? Give him a break, he calculated the risks and the reasoning behind it sounds totally legit. Been watching his videos for a long time, thus actually made me subscribe :)
You should be way smarter than that...seriously, what was he thinking?
It is a shame that people can't see that behind the white coat he is still just a human being who made a mistake. Even going out to eat with a friend (taking mask off, surrounded by people, money/card exchange) is a risk everyday people are choosing to take with no backlash, so to expect that Dr. Mike would be 100% infallible is an unrealistic expectation.
Honestly this is one of the best apology video i have ever watched... He owned up to his mistakes didnt made any excuse... I would say this the best apology you will get on YouTube
I don’t care. Do what you want
You’re sorry you got caught, dude.
I don’t get y people so mad lmao don’t expect people to be perfect even if they’re doctors. Also people are like “rules for thee not for me” but he followed the rules and protocols supposedly so how is he not following the rules? I don’t understand
This apology makes me respect Dr. Mike even more. Admitting you are wrong takes a lot.
weren't you the same one complaining that masked black lives matter protestors needed to stay at home because they were spreading covid?????? what a hypocrite. guess its only okay to break the rules when you want to get drunk with your idiot friends and not when people are marching for their lives. unsubscribed
Forgetting to bring your mask when you are going to the store is a mistake. Flying across the country to go on a boat to party is not a mistake, that is a choice you made because you wanted go party, while the rest of use actually listen to doctors and professionals who say to stay at home and wear a mask. All this shows is you are so self centered that you think the rules don't apply to you.  I think you need to sit down and think about the amount of people who have had to sit at home alone on their birthday this year, no cake, no celebration, no presents, no family, because they don't want to put others at risk. And you went ''oh well, I'm young and healthy, so it doesn't matter if me and my friends splurge and party the night away''. You are a disgrace to all the health professionals who are actually doing something.
If covid was that dangerous, there wouldn’t be these gatherings, especially if you’re a doctor and supposed to do no harm.  Why do you think so many of these “celebrities” keep being caught in this kind of situation?  Because they know the truth and they lie to your face
Now I have to drown that Sim of yours at a pool party 😔 disappointing  and rubbish apology with rubbish reasoning. But I'm sure you know this yourself... With great fame comes great responsibility. But  you're also a young hopper and we've all made our share of stupid mistakes. Do better....
Wait im confused
Show us All pics from boat party and your sins will be forgiven.
Dr Mike lied about the boat capacity, it says 10 people maximum but there's 15 people in the boat in the picture. Only pointing this out bc I love Dr. Mike's channel and want to see him do better next time
Ask I the only one that doesn’t care if he celebrated his birthday? Or the medical message?
You're a doctor and people trusted you for good advice to stay safe. People have been getting spat on, shamed, and physically hurt over not wearing a mask because of people like you. You didn't even have the decency to post this weak apology/excuse on your main channel. Complete fake.
You should really know better, with all the good advice and communication on covid so far. You did let us down, you are basically a hypocrite, at least you realize it. I still like you and your content, but it's disappointing.. I am losing my sanity due to the isolation, I am nearing depression and a burnout at work, due to the stress of teleworking... While you fly cross country to go boating for your birthday, like nothing is going on.
You should have done some yt appology research second channel is a big no no
We are only human.
People need to get over themselves and realize EVERYONE  makes mistakes.
Honestly reminds me of a subset of reckless frat boys in college who were also pre-med. You can have all the knowledge about healthy behavior and the associated prestige but rich privilege, self-indulgence, and selfishness still reign. Some people grow out of it but some never do - this is the result 10 years later.
I understand. You’re human and we are too. We all make mistakes
Was it worth it?
I’m so disappointed in you. There are families that haven’t seen each other in months and here you are going to Florida when there is A RISE in cases. Over 200,000 people dead. What the heck were you thinking? How dare you represent the medical community when your colleagues are suffering who haven’t had off in months? How selfish. Next time, if you want to flaunt your money and your friends money, make sure no one is taking pictures so that you don’t have to make a half baked apology.
Just cause u went on a vacation Doesn’t mean anything u can still take it serious if u care about the after effects ur quarantine making sure u done spread it to family I think ur aloud to have a lil freedom ur probably more at risk at work than on e boat  it thanx for ur apology
You wanted to party with bad bitches on a boat. Who wouldn't? Lmao who cares
Critical comments are being deleted. Dr Mike, you are a big phony. Take your “apology” and shove it.
I turned 30 this year and I had been looking forward to really celebrating with all friends unfortunately I couldn’t I’ve been quarantined and staying away from everyone haven’t seen any friends rarely even go to the grocery store. This is a choice I made to keep myself and others safe it’s disappointing to see that you chose to party and ignore your own advice but I just hope everyone including yourself takes this seriously and stay home we’ve lost too many lives already for stupid choices like these
You’re only human!  For ppl to jump all over mistakes is ridiculous. Nothing has changed as far as my opinion you. You’ll always be a good person giving excellent advice. I work in the science field and enjoy the fact you support the facts we see. Thanks for all your hard work!
This absolutely breaks my heart. I’m not  angry just incredibly disappointed. I had immense respect for and looked up to Dr. Varshavski. 💔 I honestly can’t believe this is real, he’s the last person who I thought would do this! I genuinely hope that he mends his ways.
Well now we gotta cancel Dr.Mike because he's egotistical and puts his wants above others needs
Why don't you grow a pair and post it on the main channel? Or it's on the main channel too, but unlisted/hidden and will pop in a year from now as posted on 27th November 2020?!
Party animal!! Now we've seen your true colors, man.... This was no "mistake", it was planned. That said, you are still the best, the best medical advice, very knowledgeable... What you do in your private life, that shouldn't concern us... In this case, it is kind of messed up because it's contrary to what you've been preaching, but hell, I would do it too, so I can't judge you. You have a lot going on for you, the temptations are gonna keep coming up, so try to keep it straight. Keep up the good work!
Too mature of an apologetic video for an audience that is immature in majority.
This should be on your main channel. You messed up and your apology means nothing if you try and hide it. This isn't good enough.
*DISAPPOINTING* a lot of people are going through a rough time yet people still stayed inside because people are adviced by doctors like you. However, just because you were able to, you disregarded what you preach. I call hypocrisy. You call out people who don't take precautions for covid 19 but when it's for you and those internet models you say "ohh I checked this and that. I was not going to put everyone at risk since I live alone". Y'all forgot that you are internet "famous" but most of all you forgot you're a *DOCTOR* You tried to put an excuse but it's  *SHAMEFUL*  sucks you did not live up to the oath and words you swore and spoke about. I know no one is perfect. However, we have to account irresponsibility and hypocrisy.
I don't know what to feel about this. I really love your videos and the awareness you bring to people specially these times and I get that behind the name Dr. you're still a human being who probably feels tired and exhausted from this pandemic at times but as a medical doctor you should have known better. I would understand if you spent it with loved ones but I've seen the leaked photos and videos and it made you looked so low to be honest. I'm just heartbroken with mixed emotions really.
I thought I could trust you. Guess I thought wrong!
Move the apology to your main. I can’t believe it slipped your mind that as you posed for photos and videos having a party with 10+ people that it would directly contradict everything you’ve been advocating for for months...a shame
At least he already checked everything up, and be as careful as possible. People make mistake, have feelings, and can say sorry. We should support that he told us no matter which channel he went and tried to fix it. A single dot, ruined the paper? No.
Why doesn't he review the science behind the average age of death for covid patients.  90% of the people who've died worldwide were over the age of 75. More than 60% of the people who've died had already been told by their dr's they have less than a year to live before they got covid. What about the science behind the PCR test being used as a diagnostic tool. The inventor of the PCR test said it should never and could never be used as an accurate diagnostic tool.  What about the science behind the cause of death for other conditions across the board like heart disease, stroke, cancer, obesity have all fallen.  It just so happens that if you add up the drop in deaths for other conditions it's nearly identical to the number of covid deaths. 🤔🤔🤔🤔 maybe misdiagnosed cause of death perhaps. People dying with covid vs people dying from covid.  Just because they can find a virus particle on you then exponentially multiply it with a PCR test does mean that your cells are infected with covid and shedding replicated viral load.
Dr.Mike as much as I like you thus apology was not it. The fact that you didn’t post this on your main channel is a big red flag. Also I want you to stop talking about your “impact” and start talking about your BEHAVIOR. We trusted you to be responsible during this pandemic especially considering you post videos and profit significantly off spreading this awareness. You have to do better and this apology was not showcasing the full extent of your wrongs. I hope you take some time off to really evaluate the constructive criticism people have left you with.
Does anyone else feel like videos on his main channel have fewer ads now? Do we think he’s getting demonetized by a few of his sponsors?
Why is this "apology" not on your main channel? coward.
Why are you still deleting comments?? Geez
Mike is young and healthy, for him, seasonal influenza is deadlier than covid. That’s what numbers have been saying all along. We used to call those type of conclusions facts. Remember?  He did nothing wrong by being on a boat. But he has been entirely wrong the whole year by spreading panic.   Lockdowns have caused much more harm than the alleged culprit, and will continue to do so for years, and decades to come.   This charade has been going for already too long... let’s not stretch it for another six months. For those who haven’t already: time to come back to your senses.   Senselessness for prolonged periods can destabilize mental health forever. We’re crossing a far more dangerous threshold than the real risk this virus poses.   It’s already too late to roll back the damage done, but another season twice as long can certainly push entire nations over the cliff. We still can prevent that from happening.   I wish I could buy into the collective wishful thinking and believe we humans have one single problem that if we act together we can solve... it would be nice. But as any other fairytale it is as delusional as delusional can be.   Our problems are complex –including health issues– and we were drowning in them already before nonsensicality became the “new normal.” Way faster now that everyone became single issue zombies.   The madness hasn’t even worked for it’s intended purpose. It could easily be argued that it has made matters worse even in that department.   Logically panic is the only fitting explanation for the abismal disparities in outcomes observed in different countries and regions.   Time to call all the collective BS and focus on solving real issues instead, for there are plenty. Remember: not just one!
Now you're just like those any other influencers. You just lost your credibility for your type of content. I guess you should switch to gaming videos.   I hope you remember the oath you sworn by.
The fact that he didn't post this apology on his main channel lowkey says a lot about him as a person. I said this once and im going to say it again. I'm highly disappointed at what he's done.
I canceled a socially distance picnic for my 21st birthday with three of my closest friends because cases were rising. A surprised yacht is not an excuse. It’s also disappointing that this was not posted on your main channel because you are concern on how people will view you.
Dems being hypocrites again who knew
This is stupid, you should start by actually apologizing and not giving excuses first thing in the video! And you can do whatever you want in your life but being in the public eye and fighting to prove the importance of masks, social distancing and the seriousness of the pandemic and then doing this.. You're a disappointment!
The audacity for you to even post this in a second channel!
Thanks Dr. Mike! I'll be sure to go party now because you've shown that it is okay!
You clearly shouldn’t be a doctor is your lapse in judgment is this large in a pandemic. You’re putting patients at riskz
Why is this on your second channel?  Why, if the apology is important, isn’t it featured on your main channel?
“Don’t attack the science” ....just ignore it like dr mike.   Please unsubscribe everyone.
I didnt even know this channel exist...
This is such bs...
This took a lot of courage, and I really appreciate your apology. We all mess up and it’s okay! What matters is we learn from these experiences and strive to be better, as you said. And I’m sure you will! Sending you lots of love 💖
He's not that handsome anyways, don't know why people are crazy over him
Putting this on your tiny channel, that doesn't get algorithm priority, due to not wanting to be 100% transparent with your main viewers.  Typical clown.
HONESTLY, he seems more a YOUTUBER  than a "DOCTOR" now. If he was full time, he would be in the hospital!  Wake up people
In my opinion, any doctor who does YouTube videos, visibly showing us that he/she is spending his professional time to make [commentary or "entertainment"] videos instead of doing what ACTUAL doctors do; treating patients, is no doctor in my book. He is more of a Youtuber now, living his privileged, narcissistic rich person bubble. Never trusted his squeaky clean, "perfect" image in the first place. All I see is narcissism & hypocrisy. Goodbye.
Respect, it's not easy to apologize to such a big crowd. Thanks for the transparency.
The way you justified it with oh we had tests, oh we were on a boat so less transmission gives all this influencers you criticize all the ammunition they need. You need more conscious friends and decisions bro.  Not the time for this.  Nobody just haaaaaaas to have a boat party.  Give me a break.  This is the first ever negative comment I’ve ever posted.  It’s really hard to believe you, everything you say sounds fake as heck. Credibility level, gone.  Be real dude.
Remember:  You can’t see your family but THEY can  You can’t party but THEY can  You need to wear a mask but THEY don’t  You can’t see your grandparents or loved ones in a nursing home but THEY can  You can’t attend your friends or loved ones funeral but THEY can  Wake up people across the world. The virus is real but this response is a huge scam. Overall US death numbers are projected to be lower than 2018 and 2019. Mask studies have shown a .3% advantage over not wearing a mask.  They have taken this virus and made you afraid of doing everyday activities. It is up to you to stand up and say no more. No lockdowns. No mask mandates. Nothing. We are a free people and can govern ourselves and assess risk for ourselves. We are not toddlers and do not need a nanny.
Rules for thee, but not for me.  Anyone who still thinks wearing masks all day is smart, is a brainwashed coward.
Its fascinating how he said Instagram influencers should not make wrong decisions because they are a influencer and might influence people to do that or might lead them to do that too (HE IS A HUMAN …HE MAKES MISTAKES..) But he could have refused it.. he made a choice .. My friends arranged a party too. But i refused ..because i learnt how deadly thid virus is and how the precautions are really important from doctor mike... if doctors don't take it seriously how do doctors except us to perfect in all these precautions in this whole year i have gone out  of my house only twice because my parents dragged me outside as i was depressed as i only had 3 members to have a conversation face  to face …  AND ITS REALLY REALLY FASCINATING AND SUPRISING HOW MY (OUR..IF U CAN RELATE) BRAIN JUST KEPPS US REMINDING US ABOUT THE BAD DEED THAT PERSON HAS DONE AND JUST FORGETS ABOUT THE GOOD DEEDS THAT PERSON HAS DONE TO THE SOCIETY ...MY IM RECALLING THOSE GOOD DEEDS HE HAS DONE BECAUSE I DONT WANT TO UNSUB HIM AND HE TAUGHT ME A LOT AND WHEN I SAID TO MY DOCTOR THAT THIS MIGHT BE THE REASON TO THIS ..HE WAS AMAZED AND PROUD OF ME AND THERE IS A DOCTOR WHO TEACHES AND I LEARNED A LOT FROM HIM AND ASKED HIM SOME THINGS THAT I ASKED (HERE BUT WAS UNANSWERED ) he said me to continuing watching his channel ..the reason im not unsubscribed is because im grateful for what he has done before and what he is taught me ...im recalling those as it lifts up my mood whenever I think of this issue...he apologized for his mistake but seems like a mistake a 10 year old will make...disappointing he deletes some comments where they say they are angry for what he has done and has not followed what he preached...ur  great doctor mike ..not to worry ..u made up to me ..atleast..im happy u realized it …have a great day
No, this is just shitty. You don’t get a pass because it’s hard. I haven’t seen my parents, my siblings, my nephew in months. I won’t be able to see them for Christmas either. We didn’t have my husband’s grandmother over for Thanksgiving even though she lives alone because my husband works with the public and we didn’t want to put her at risk. You made a conscious decision to ignore guidelines and potentially put your patients and your friends at risk and that’s something I can’t support.
And this is the reason why I love watching you. I wish you to have fun of learning and to make as small amout of mistake as possible
As an epidemiologist, I am disappointed Mike. You see patients and could potentially put them at risk no? We all need to do better. Best wishes.
Bruh you could've said no, you could've postponed it, you could've found an alternative and then you're reasoning your mistake fr!? Dude you let down so many people and this video didn't even sound like an apology and what's the point in even apologizing to us, it is you who gets in danger and others around you.
the hypocrisy and arrogance you said you "hated" are showing man. Hide it a little more.
A little disappointing but at the same time EVERYONE is human and EVERYONE makes mistakes.  Does that mean that it’s okay? No. No it doesn’t. You messed up.  But I do truly believe that you are sorry and that you probably even hate yourself a little bit for what you have done. You seem like an amazing person and if you promise to do better , i believe you.  Thanks for helping save lives and I hope you continue to do so.
And please, put this hypocrisy video on your main channel.
Much respect to anyone who can admit when they’re wrong. Good on you, Doctor Mike. But you shouldn’t be held to a higher standard simply because you’re a doctor. You’re human. You have family to see and reasons to do the things you do. If people use your situation as an excuse to not wear their masks or to gonout and do as they please, they’re the type of people who would’ve done so anyway. Anyone with common sense can see that you weighed your options and made sure to follow any and all cdc guidelines to make this trip as safe as possible. I say good on you, and I’m sorry you feel the need to apologize for setting a precedent that you didnt even set. You’re human. It’s okay.
the dr. hope’s sick notes situation a while back made me distrust dr. mike. i see now that i was right
I am a huge fan of Dr. Mike. I think he is a caring, knowledgeable doctor and person. That being said, I hate he felt it necessary to apologize for taking a trip to see his family!!! We as citizens are asked to wear these masks, and social distance, which he did. He even still travels for his work I'm sure. We may have a pandemic going on... But we still have to LIVE OUR LIVES... Just do it safely! Stop condemning people!!
Just really disappointed. Bye.
If you really feel like this was a screw up, then why did you dedicate any time at all to trying to justify your decision?
This dude is sleezy as hell. Take notes ladies. This is the exact kind of guy who fools you at the bar just to get inside you.  Just cleaned up his presentation.
Wait what the hell is this list of why he himself is not at risk?! "I'm young, I live alone" WHAT?! You're a doctor. You treat patients. Your *JOB* is to take care of your patients. Mike this isn't about you. This is about your patients you're putting at risk. As part of the healthcare system how could you do this to your fellow doctors that are suffering from the burden of people that DON'T WEAR MASKS. I'm a fourth year medical student and I was called in to help and I can't remember the last time I got a good night's sleep. I'm exhausted and now I'm also dissapointed and angry. And you're a hypocrite.
Almost my entire family is in the medical field. Some actually dealing with covid patients not Dr.'s in some obscure field, and none of them think wearing a mask is beneficial to people or to the situation at hand as it is put out in media. Obviously mike thinks this way also. He only pushes it because it helps him with the YouTube algorithm, and that's more money baby. Its America, capitalism is the cure lol  :he's hypocritical so what. He's a human . Should he be put on blast for this eh not really.
"Im being used". Seriously? Own up doc.
BS
This dude. You gotta be scared.  ITS A PANDEMIC!  You were never scared. And know there isnt a reason to be.THAT IS WHAT YOU HAVE TO APOLOGIZE FOR  No one who actually believes there is a life threatening pandemic in motion would go partying bruh.
At the end of the day , no matter your profession/status/wealth we are all mortal and not immune to Covid or be it some other pandemic in the future. What becomes upsetting for the masses is if you’ve sat on a high horse preaching and are unable to come down from it, doing things that hurt the general public health just because you had the privilege to,most especially knowing the trust and faith put into you when you took the oath to serve as a doctor.
now he is just an instagram doctor not a real doctor
Not posting it on your main channel makes your apology very insincere.  Had it not been for other people talking about you, I probably wouldn't even have known about this.
Upload this to your main channel, man. If you're really sorry about it, that is.
Hypocrite!
remember when you said wearing masks should be mandatory? lol
As someone in the medical field I find this disappointing. We have to do better and practice what we preach. Being a nurse during this pandemic hasn’t been easy and a lot of us are running out of fumes. I’m exhausted, burnt out, and frustrated. At the end of the day, I still choose not to put anyone else at risk. I owe it to those who have lost someone they love.
jail
I have watched your channel for a long time. I have enjoyed a lot of your videos especially during this pandemic. I understand that people make mistakes and it's going to happen. Regardless of any personal risk or following CDC guidelines. You are in fact a physician and sure at some point you do come in contact with somebody who would be considered at risk.  This is something you preach to us constantly let it's not just about whether or not we are going to get sick but also the risk of passing it on to someone who is elderly or immunocompromised. I hope you do learn from this. Honestly not sure if I will stay subscribed.
Put this in your main channel.
I recently lost my best friend in a car accident and I’ve been coping in unhealthy ways. But then I remember “dr mike is always here to cheer me up” I’ve been watching you every day to keep happy and not think about the death. Its unhealthy to keep emotions in. I aren’t allowed to go to my best friends funeral because of Covid-19. Its killing me.
Yikes 😂
HEEEEY HOW ABOUT YOU DON'T DELETE THE COMMENTS RIGHTFULLY CRITICIZE YOU AND YOU DON'T NITPICK AND LIKE JUST THE ONES BEING NICE TO YOU
This comment isn’t about you, but I believe contrary to popular belief, seeing authority figures set guidelines and then not follow them will decrease the coercive power of social influence, whereby society may use the tools of shame and fear to demand conformity. The less trust is placed in authority figures, the more heterodoxy becomes acceptable and even reasonable. I consider this to be a positive good for individual liberty, and a better future. The less people trust authority, the less likely they will be to entrust power to it.
What a video to sideload to a channel with only 60k subs. Sneaky sneaky
Let's party and forget Covid! 🎈🎈🎈
If you people are ACTUALLY mad at this fake clown and his manufactured image, UNSUBSCRIBE from his channel. If everyone unsubscribed, it would actually hurt this man's pockets which is all he cares about. He'll parrot any message as long as someone pays him enough but the power is always with the people. Again, UNSUBSCRIBE from his channel.
I see you didn't put this on your main channel. Coward.
If only all persons of influence had the humility to acknowledge mistakes publicly so that life can move on.  Nobody is perfect and nobody should be defined by their most suspect choices.    Mike, your brand took a hit here, and rightfully so.  But you've taken the steps to make this part of your past so keep up the good work!
What a joke, all stupid excuses.
Lost all credibility.
Yeah, you messed up, the apology didn't really feel like an apology (just see pewdiepie's videos about this topic, it's all there) and you should have probably made the apology in the main channel. Despite this, I still think you have a good impact in this platform and your videos are both relevant and educational. I hope you do learn from these mistakes moving on.
If you’re on YouTube and haven’t done an apology video, are you really a youtuber? 🤣🤣😅
He lost my respect as a doctor.
"I'm young and healthy and thus of low risk from COVID".  That's what antimask people said. Never in my life I would imagine to hear it from you, a board-certified doctor.
I celebrated my birthday by zoom. It's not a mistake, that was a choice you made. Get over yourself and actually protect people. Those masks aren't made to just protect you. They were made so you can protect other people. You're a full grown man. Go act like one.
Most of you are not old enough to remember doctors who smoked cigarettes telling their patients to not smoke. Sometimes the lesson is more important than the person giving it.
Only sorry because the photo got leaked. There would be no "apology" otherwise. I am so disappointed and will be unsubscribing from both channels.
And you believe in "preventive care "!? haha x)  You believe in preventive care for yourself, but, not for others in this situation.
I feel like he has a lot of experience with water activities
Dude what are you apologizing for? This is non sense. This is a free country to do whatever you want.
Whoever is Reading this: Your skin isn't a paper don't cut it Your body isn't a book don't judge it Your heart isn't a door don't lock it You're beautiful Your life isn't a movie dont end it it Be you.. Stay safe (by the way I'm also a small youtuber looking for your support) I didn't create this quote I just wanna spread positivity
Most people can't even have a funeral for their loved ones after they died of COVID. Weddings have been cancelled, thanksgivings turned to zoomsgivings etc. This apology is trash. I'm extremely disappointed in you as I would use your content to educate myself on the situation. Disappointed.
If this guy showed up and introduced himself as my doctor, I would refuse tx haha
Why anyone ever takes this guy seriously is beyond me! Irresponsible, and honestly just a phony. For a doctor to be all Over YouTube and be so irresponsible, like how about you just focus on your patients instead of being such a narcissist
Sadly, the youtube algorithm and the internet will continue to bash you mike. But that being said, every human makes mistakes. The willingness to accept that you made a mistake is brave. I am sure that you will continue to learn from these mistakes. That being said. I pray that this one mistake won't have terrible consequences. Sorry to say but if the internet bashing you for your mistake is the worst that can happen. We take those. Rather that than people losing faith in the thousands of docs and nurses fighting the pandemic. People risking their lives and their family lives cause they dont know who to trust anymore. My prayer goes to that and also that you find strength to forgive yourself for this mistake and become a better medical professional for it.
You're sorry because you got caught. if you were at least a little bit truly sorry, you would have posted this on your main account (oh well, $$$$$$$$$$, right?)
Guys I understand you are all angry, with the perfect reason to be. I just hope you guys stick around a little to see if he shows he changed. Like check to see if he adds on his main channel. I understand trust you guys had is lost but he is human. He went against things he has said, but everyone does this at one point in there life.
Guess you had to go spend all the money you made from taking about COVID! 😂 you should really be a politician
degenerate garbage   MD>DO
One main rule 6 ft apart you didn't follow that at all so no your didn't follow the rules!
Well rehearsed apology. The real mess up here is the hypocrisy.   Hope your channel continues to do well but the blatant hypocrisy rampant in our society and how this virus has become politicized with rules for thee but not for me is sad.
“Do as I say, not as I do”  Shifting the blame to others. You just earned another unsubscribe.
I mean, he's owning it...
Blah blah blah. 😴 You’re a hypocrite.
rules for thee and not for me! we all know you’re only sorry for being caught  unsubbed and unbelievable dude, I trusted you.
Dude did what 99% of men would of done party on boat with hot bitches 🤷🏽‍♀️
Yikes...
Always support u!!  Love from Malaysia
That is one creepy guy.
Its obvious that he doesn't believe what he has been peddling for the last nine months. Wake up people.
I had to have my wedding, if I can even call it a wedding with my man, mom and dad. no single person of my family, my friends, his friends was invited because I CARE about them. I fought tooth and nail to postpone it but unfortunately I live in a country where booking a government service can take us over a year so I had to go through with it like that because I couldn't wait for another year.  this was the day of my life, Mike. and I stayed at home after we signed the marriage papers and that's it. no honeymoon or anything because I was being cautious just like what YOU SAID we should be doing.   I'm not bashing you because we all have the freedom of choosing. I just felt like telling you that missing a big birthday party isn't that big of a deal. you would've literally just gathered your friends in an among us server and had fun or something. makes me so sad I wasted such an important day of my life while other people go out and about normally like nothing is going on and that I'm the only stupid one.
“I’m young, healthy and not at risk” It's not always about you, it's about the people who are at risk. Even worse is that you probably are seeing patients, and you going out to party will set a precedent about you, and basically are just using the "do as I say, not as I do" logic. It is so backwards to see someone we looked up to and admired to make such a mistake. Furthermore, you don't have the courage to post this video on your main channel, even though you know you have messed up, you want this situation to die down as quick as possible. Overall disappointing and all my respect is lost for Dr. Mike.
You're awesome Mike, not many would do what you're doing right now and apologize, but state the facts and explain your reasoning in a non-arrogant way... thank you. Everybody needs a little fun hear and there, and it was a birthday present, I mean come on, how do you say no to that? You were safe and reasonable, and I hope everyone realizes that, stops making you out to be a hypocrit, and just takes a second to understand. I hope you're having a wonderful day XD.
If your really sorry, why isn't this on your main channel? I personally didn't even know you had a second channel. You just popped up on my recommended cause this vedio is trending.
“House arrest for thee, champagne and parties for me.”
I've never heard of this dude before but that's embarrassing and pathetic, I'm sorry I got caught is basically what he's saying.
I got COVID a couple of weeks ago. It was the worst thing that’s ever happened to me, health wise. WEAR YOUR MASKS! ITS NOT WORTH IT!!!
Can someone tell me what he did? I’m confused.
How is " i live alone, I dont put anyone at risk  " a valid argument?? you are a practicing doctor Oo
I’m genuinely confused as to why people are so judgmental. There’s a pandemic...it takes a toll on our mental too. He wanted to go have fun, he thought he can have fun a safe way. Sometimes people convince themselves of things despise knowing the truth simply because they want something bad enough. Example: relationships, your partner is a POS but you convince yourself they aren’t because you want the relationship...maybe he convinced himself that it would be safe, and then seeing the guidelines assured him it would be...simply because he wanted to have human interaction. Why are y’all so invested in his life. Y’all acting like he’s your spouse that y’all just found out is having an affair. Y’all so bored y’all think it’s fun to expose someone for slipping and then kick them while their down meanwhile y’all aren’t even following any guidelines 😂 get off your high horses we are all trying to adjust to a new norm.
His mistake was trust on people with camaras haha 😂 ok no
Dr.mike listen  no one is perfect and you are not  exempted..I understand  you.the most important  thing is the  we make mistakes  and we apologized and that's  okey.
Masks don't work Mike, the evidence isn't on your side.    I, a complete nobody, would gladly debate and destroy you on this topic.  Masks, should work, but they don't, and we have theories as to why, but "a respected expert" saying they do when they don't, allows nosey, arrogant, no nothings to walk around pointing the finger at anyone who has actually done the research and chooses to not be brainwashed into wearing them.  But far worse than that is the moment mask mandates are put in place and everyone is wearing them, REGARDLESS of how much you reiterate social distancing is a must, people WILL feel safer, and NOT make social distancing a priority, when that and THAT alone has been the most provable link to the spreading of this and any other "airborne" virus.  If you want to wear a mask, and it makes you feel better, great, if you get some unintentional placebo effect, again, great, but don't tell others they are endangering others, that they are inconsiderate and a conspiracy theorist.    The actual, long term, randomly controlled trials are there, the data from dozens of states post mask mandates are there.  They don't support significant reduction in transmission or acquisition.  I have lost so much respect for people I used to think highly of during this pandemic, because their desire to stay relevant, their desire to not be deplatformed rises way above their desire to be honest, and shoot straight.  The fact that all of these "authorities" said masks don't work at the beginning of the pandemic, and then flipped for political reasons later, should be enough for them to be discredited, but add the piles of evidence that actually backed the original claims made should make you at the very least VERY wary as to why they continue to claim this.  Lastly, the fact that the only level of masks that will protect you, such as P100 masks are categorized as "not recommended" should be the biggest red flag that these people don't care about you being safe, and simply want compliance.  If you want to actually be safe via a mask, wear a P or N 100 respirator.  That's it.  If you wear a surgical mask, you might as well have nothing on your face. If you wear "triple layer" cloth mask you won't bode much better, and if you are wearing an N/P/R 95 you better know how to wear it and remove it, and never touch it while between those 2 points.
Are you guys really mad about this ? It’s okay to have fun on you’re birthday 😂 leave this poor mad alone he didn’t do nothing wrong
Mike u dog.. getting some mad puss
We still love you keep doing what you do best .
What the hell dude I thought you were actually responsible. If doctors are gonna disobey social distancing who the hell do you expect to follow it!
Lol. hypocrite finally got exposed. "Rules for thee not for me." He's just sorry he got caught.
You didn't learn anything dude you just got caught. This is why most people think the covid laws are a joke. People at the top that tell us what to do don't even follow the rules
Why don't you post it on your main channel with more followers? If you intend to apologise, do it properly please
Another mask preaching hypocrite. Who would have guessed?
probably wouldn’t have issued an apology if he didn’t get caught
I understand we all make mistakes but you’re a doctor and an influencer. That means that people see everything you do and trust your advice when it comes to medical issues. Unfortunately actions speak louder than words so it’s understandable why all the crazies now believe you’re one of them because even though you’ve preached the cdc guidelines you haven’t practiced them yourself. I know everyone messes up and you’re just a human being but you take on a responsibility when you gain a following like yours. If you wanted to just be a doctor and only have to answer to those who know you personally then you shouldn’t have put yourself on the internet. I just think that this was misjudged and your apology which was essentially you saying that you’re just a human who makes mistakes leaves a lot to be desired. I am not trying to be hurtful but you must think before you act. People could have lost their lives because of your behaviour. Not just because you traveled but because in doing so you encouraged others to do the same. I want to be clear this isn’t hate, I’m just explaining why this is a disappointing thing to hear from someone who is a respected member of the community. I’m asking you to do better in the future by considering the effect of your actions on your audience and on the credibility of medical professionals in the community.
WHY NOT PUT THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL!!!! POOR RICH DOCTOR, OUR POOR PEOPLES RULES DONT APPLY APPARENTLY, AND MAKING EXCUSES??!!  COME ON HYPOCRITE, YOU WOULDNT BE QUARANTINING IF YOU DIDNT GET BUSTED....BOOOOO!
How are you going to convince your patients about staying at home and social distancing then?
Everyone makes mistakes dr.mike but you should have seen the optics of this from a mile away this looks bad and selfish at the same time not everyone would have taken ownership of it like you did and for that you should be applauded learn from it and move on.
Wow didn't fucking expect this from the Golden doctor boy 😒
For an apology video you did very well Dr mike.
Uhm... What's happening?
Wow so many sheeps in the comments... I bet none of you have 100% stuck to the restrictions and are just enjoying to see someone popular getting cancelled. I get that he's a doctor so should practice what he preaches, but it's ridiculous that so many people are jumping on a high horse to make it out like you're all morally perfect
It’s a private boat tho
And I thought this is his COMING OUT video! 😂😂😂
He fucked up yes BUT....have a little empathy people. We've all been stuck inside this year and its been hard for everyone and yes he is held to a much higher standard (which Is why you're all pissed off) than the rest of us. The pressure is on and maybe he cracked under it. Hes a young, handsome, famous doctor. Stop putting social media people on this pedestal where they're never allowed to make a mistake, would you expect that type of standard from neighbor Joe?  Thanks for the apology Dr. Mike...and please stay home from now on.
Posts it on the second channel so it doesn't hit the main audience to any notable degree. Post it on your main.
Only apologizing because he got caught. If it was a bad as you and other medical sellouts have made it then you wouldn't have been partying with other folks. Or you know its all fear mongering and you figured no worries. Either way pretty pious and phony. Guy is a joke.
I wouldn't really care, but when someone that constantly says to stay at home etc. I care
unsubsribe, no more dr mike 😠
Doctor Mike 1 Month ago: Figs made a mistake, it should be cancelled!!!  Doctor Mike now: I made a mistake, don’t cancel me!!  The irony is rich 😂😂
Everyone is so embarrassed for you.
This reminds me of the time I tried to lecture my friend about having unprotected sex during the aids crisis. He looked at me and said before you check me check yourself. I was not married and pregnant with my third child. He was right.
He's got some cheap, nasty-looking "friends". That he hangs around with thots is almost more disappointing than the whole party debacle.
You admit that you made a mistake and that is worth a million dollars. Some people are not transparent and honest
why is this not on your main channel , SUS
Doctor Mike, I appreciate your ability to admit when you have not practiced what you preached.
Why not post it on your main channel, worried about your reptuation above all else. Do as i say but not as i do. Action speaks louder than words.
So I deleted my 2days ago comment and to those people who said coward to him or anyone and for those kids who say noob like those and who are young and know those words u have to stop your kids or young people to stop saying those when I was young 5 years old I change school I am from the Philippines and went Hawaii to go school at 5 years old and when I grew up I just grew up people at my school teaching me bad words and I hate it now
Hypocrisy to next level!! Unsubscribed.
Covidiot
His individual risk did not take into account his profession.
This was a very genuine and kind apology. These are difficult times and people make mistakes!
Should have done this video wearing a mask!
Dude I had my 18th birthday in lockdown and this duche out here living life and being a hypocrite...
I know we’re all human, but as someone who is not only a doctor but ALSO a spokesperson who has advocated for people to social distance and wear masks makes this all a slap in the face. I’ve watched your videos on serious topics and you place yourself on a moral high ground and I looked up to it. However, to post this on your second channel where only a fraction of your audience will be able to see and to spread the mindset that you’re young so your “individual risk” is lower is entirely irresponsible. That’s the kind of mindset that kills older adults who come in contact with younger family members/friends. You’ve made so many videos and news appearances about the coronavirus that I feel like you should know better. It’s not fair to blame your viewers for thinking you are not sincere in your messaging when you chose to party on a yacht in Miami.  Edit: he lied - there can only be 10 people on a boat
Lmfao at all the dumb fans in the comments thinking Mike isn't getting blown everyday by random thots, pandemic or not.
Burn in hell. Your a big influencer and you work for the checkered floor.
I'm not going to say whether this was right or wrong. I will say doctors make mistakes.. even calculated ones because they are still human. I don't actually like most doctors because of the way I've been treated by them. The difference between ones I like and the ones I don't is the ones I like actually know when they've messed up and they own it. I live in NY (about an hour from NYC) but this is the 4th state I've lived in and doctors like this are a rare breed in general. I believe he is genuinely  sorry.
"Attack me, not the science." So does that mean you disregarded the science? 🤔 Also super shady move not uploading to your main channel.
All he had to say was, "I took an exception once in 9 months and I'm not gonna be apologetic. Mental health is equally important". The audience wouldn't have eaten him alive with this poor apology.
To me, this came across as "I'm not vulnerable and the people i'm going to be around aren't either as far as I know, so it doesn't matter". But that's negating the fact that people's social circles are so much larger than what we might think. Our actions don't only affect our immediate friends and family, but theirs as well. I don't really understand how you couldn't have thought this through or realized, that in COVID times, your actions could have serious consequences both on and off of social media. I hope you do better going forward because this is incredibly disappointing.
Honestly if everyone followed all the guidelines like you did, we wouldn’t be in such a mess. It’s good that you informed yourself about specific guidelines and weighted the risks out and only because you are some sort of public figure, you were attacked for ‚not being responsible‘. This is for you as a public personality understandable but as a simple person not. In my opinion the risks have to be weighted and you have to compare them to the harm which is going to be done also considering mental health factors. If you were going to stay complete isolated just to be the perfect role model it would take a toll on your mental health. Since you didn’t break any official rules I don’t see a problem. But that’s just my option thank you Dr Mike for your informational and entertaining videos!
People need to get on their lives
And You're a coward for not posting this on your main page.
Another self absorbed doc. Get off YouTube and do your job.
How is it a mistake? You followed all the guidelines. So basically you're saying the guidelines aren't enough which implicates that the CDC doesn't know what they're talking about.
Hella weird you putting this on your second YouTube channel almost like you are trying to hide it from the majority of your subscribers 😐🤔
imagine what he does when there are no cameras lmao
Yeah, no, definitely don't put this on your main channel. Coward 😂😆
Is it me or his eyes look like he had been crying? And out of this he’s a human been it’s normal that he does things that aren’t perfect
The situation is that you are rich. The wealth is your mask. The rest of us have to wear masks or be fucked by medical bills.
Fake!!!
Ya done messed up here, Doctor Mike...
The hypocrisy is staggering.  You and I both know it doesn’t matter if you are healthy, you and I both know it doesn’t matter if you’re young, you and I know it doesn’t matter if you live alone, you and I both know you weighed no risks and consulted no guidelines. You were excited to be on a yacht with bikini-clad women, and any training and education you have received went out the window. Being handsome, social medial star, “Dr. Mike” doesn’t matter when you have lost the one thing people look to you for... credibility. Those of us who are immune compromised, frightened, and at risk, thank you for your pretend google search and complete lack of awareness.
You're as transparent as your nipples through that shirt doctor mike.
If you mean this apology put it on your main channel!
If this is a legit apology you would've put it on your main channel.
Doc, I don’t live in the US, but this seems like an overreaction, no? If you followed all the guidelines on your trip to Miami, and did tests (I assume they come back quickly like they do where I live in Dubai where it comes back within 12 hours with a PCR, and 5 minutes with a DPI laser blood test), then why not have a well deserved vacation for all of the hard work you did? You’re only human, just like all of us.
Wait how do you exercise with a mask?
Wow. The pictures are much worse than I imagined from this description. I left this video to look it up and wow. Very disappointed.
Don’t worry you don’t live alone. You got bear to keep you company!
lol everyones so butt hurt. calm down. jesus.
You were with trusted people. You knew everyone and felt safe enough. Live your life and you assessed your risk level.  I hope you had a great time
As someone who has been self isolating, lost both my parents in April within 3 days of each other and I couldn't goto their funeral, I really appreciate your apology. Thank you 🙏
We still stand besides you
Dr. Mike has given us a lot. For me, it's supplying medical advice in a interesting, non boring way while keeping a high standard of content and a true dedication to quality. I feel that he's hardworking and devoted to his career and that those points have not changed. I don't have a 'yes' or 'no' about his recent actions because I feel like I don't know enough information regarding this specific situation to have the right to. The Doctor Mike we see and everyday him are different people, not in a bad way but they just are. The camera persona is a version of you but not the whole picture. That doesn't mean it's fake but it sometimes conditions the viewer to seeing the exact same note of a person and can lead to forgetting that they are more. People are people. Whole people who make mistakes and have different opinions. Only the faultless can point fingers and all we can do is learn from our mistakes and move on. (Also wear your mask😷)
A lot of people actually go to your channel for covid-related information, we also followed your recommendations. It’s just so sad that you just decided to neglect all your teachings to us just so you can have a birthday party.  Do you realize that many of us couldn’t celebrate our birthdays because we would never risk it? It was a calculated risk what you did. I understand that you have your own private life, but please remember that you have a huge platform. Many people look up to you. If you want to party, that’s fine. As long as the pictures or videos won’t get leaked. Because now you look like a hypocrite. Youtube has been very saturated with “Apology Video” lately. But so far, it’s from the Beauty Community, I never expected it from you. Trust is so hard to regain. Please do it appropriately.
Someone commented on my original comment calling him out that he is deleting comments, I read it on the phone notifications, but when I go to read it on the post it’s already deleted.   Scared say scared dude.
Fake sympathy
i don’t know what to say                  ...
Dr. Mike, I'm sure most of your fans believe you're apology. I sincerely believe it, but I can't help but wonder why you didn't post this on your main channel.   It feels like you wanted to get the apology out there without bringing more attention to the mistake by posting it on your main channel where it would reach more people. I just wanted to caution you that that could come off a little disingenuous.  We could all be making better choices during the pandemic. I'm certainly not above that. You're going to get through this a better man.
These fear monger are still going to party and gather. You're sorry you got caught being the hypocrite you are.
He made a huge mistake, and it’s inexcusable. However, like Doctor Mike said, don’t dismiss the science of wearing a mask. Everyone stay healthy and safe out there. 👍
The worst part of all this is, you claimed that you even looked up CDC guidelines before you went on the boat trip - meaning you had some time to actually think about what you're potentially going to be doing it wasnt a spur of the moment thing where you fucked up! No you fully had time to think about and consider what you were you doing, which makes me think you're only sorry you got caught and nothing else Why else wouldnt you post this on your main channel?
Omg... Its not that serious ffs... How can u believe these lies u are told? What about the flu? Its 5x more dangerous yet we didnt have a pandemic for it... Now suddenly 10 people die of this "virus" and they put a name on it and its suddenly equivalent to thr black plague... Please for the love of whoever or whatever, stop believing this heavily pumped pandemic... Please its not that serious, and before someone tells me "oh thousands of people die from it" no they dont... Thats what the government tells u... This is all a bunch of bullshit
Ur only human mate we all make mistakes
I am a healthcare worker who had covid and was glad when you debunked the Plandemic movie. I thought you were on our side. This is hypocrisy at the highest level. You are a medical doctor with a huge platform. You are only apologizing because you got caught for your hypocrisy. Remember, you are a medical doctor first not a social media star but I guess you forgot that. No judgment on who you surround yourself with but have integrity man....You have shown the fakeness in social media. You had a responsibility to educate your base who trusted you..... Sorry, I ‘UNSUBSCRIBE’ to your platform and messages. You have shown you are only in it for the ‘likes’ and the ‘clicks’ and the ‘views’. So disappointed in you Doc. Your viewers deserve better....
Dude. I'm not forgiving you. You should've *stayed at home*. You're excusing yourself when you should've just stayed put.
Disappointing. Credibility is shot and that’s going to be hard to get back.
Well, people slip.
"Deflecting when I'm wrong" ? You are one poor excuse! Your little "fib" can cost people their lives! An "apology"?
Good apology, now put it on your main channel. Hiding an apology is gross.
i genuinely admire dr mike before, what a disappointment, such a hypocrite arghh, it makes me cringe when i remember all the covid related advices that he gave in the past and for him to do the exact opposite is just.....idk sad :((
You're as transparent as your nipples through that shirt doctor mike.
Smells hypocricy. And there is no such thing that masks protects from that. What was the dimesntions of that virus against mask was !.
Preach what you practice
I'm extremely disappointed. I will continue to do what I can to keep my family safe. I will continue to listen to the science but I don't think I can get that from you.
*LORD JESUS DIED & ROSE AGAIN TO FREE U FROM SIN ACCEPT HIS GIFT* ✝️✝️✝️
"Please don't make me irrelevant and let me continue making money online"
You are human mistakes happen
03:16 “The situation taught me a lot about impact, how I need to understand that my actions carry real consequences.” This is quite a breakthrough... for a 10-year-old.
I haven't seen my 4 year old daughter since July this year. I thought things have calmed down enough to bring her and my mom over to my duty station for Christmas, but after reading Rachel Meadows advise on just avoiding trips. I had to cancel. I carry sickle cell anemia, which also causes me to be anemic at time, so I too cannot take a risk. Safety and health first, we can all catch up with family later.
Apology accepted ♥️
You're as transparent as your nipples through that shirt doctor mike.
I wear a mask too 😏
The only comment you “liked” was the one supporting you. You have an extremely dedicated fan base, and the fact that basically everyone is questioning this non-apology is very telling. Yes, you did mess up. People are bound to make mistakes, even doctors. But this video wasn’t accountability. I think you’re afraid to hold yourself accountable because then you have to admit how much you screwed up here. I know it kills you to think anti-maskers are going to use your story for nefarious purposes — well, guess what? You gave them that weapon on a platter. You fucked up royally and you have to sit with that. This apology wasn’t good enough. I’m sorry — I think you’re a cool guy, but this was absolutely unprofessional behaviour from someone in the medical community. Even moreso you, because you have seen — much better than us — the painful, life altering and traumatic effects of COVID-19 — and you still made this choice. Delete this video, sit with your mistake for a bit, then repost it to your main channel with a bit more thoughtfulness. You owe it to the lives we’ve all lost, the families who have suffered and the community who looks up to you.
It's  not a mistake its a choice. You chose to disobey and travel when you asked your audience not to. People who look to you as an example.  You Chose. Now deal with the consequences: people are not going to trust you, because you don't  practice what you preach.  Idiot.
Tbh, you really made me sad. I did my best to observe and do the proper protocols while I saw the pics and social distancing nor wearing face masks is not followed. I felt so dismayed and disturb. Think of all the people that could have been harmed. This apology is acceptable but my trust is slowly fading.
You're as transparent as your nipples through that shirt doctor mike.
Honestly, i get his point. It was a mistake for sure, but after months of restricting himself, he wanted to do something not covid releated. And we've all been there. And this seemed like a opportunity to have a good time, without too much risk. He told himself, that this could end well. He's a human and he won't so it again. Stupid decision, but i get it. Thanks for this explanation. Stay healthy!
Omg, the comments are savage!!
You're as transparent as your nipples through that shirt doctor mike.
You live alone, young, and healthy. But what about all the patients you see? So disgusted. I stopped watching your videos when you seemed to sell out right around the beginning of this pandemic. I’m so glad this got the trending page and that many channels are talking about this hypocrisy. Especially in your state.
How does it help the people at risk that you visit or interact with after your boat festivities, that you determine you personally are not a high risk. You are still a viral vector if you get infected. Its surprising to me that you didnt factor that into your decission making process.
Admit it u got caught
Thank you Mike for always trying be the example we need in the world. You’re incredible talented and human... I love you 🥰
I’m confused... is he apologizing for going somewhere?
I appreciate this and all, but why is this on some side page?
You're as transparent as your nipples through that shirt doctor mike.
We can't stay trapped inside our houses. We need community. I keep thinking back to the pediatrician Dr Mike had on months ago. He was concerned about our children's mental health. Suicides are up people. We need to reevaluate this covid-19 situation.
Your actions and the downplaying that followed them makes me sick to my stomach, not only do your actions endanger your fellow man, not only where you preaching us to stay  home, yet were partying all day, not only are you recording an apology after the photos have been leaked, you did all this, while being a doctor, who presented himself as a doctor on the internet. I hope you lose your medical license.
Ok, sigh, I’m disappointed in you Mike, you really outdid yourself but I appreciate you giving out an apology and showing your sincerity, and to the people calling him a hypocrite, I personally think it’s too harsh funny thing is some of those people are still supporting people who partied multiple times during the pandemic and trashing him for only partying once, I’m not saying you shouldn’t be mad at him, but I’m saying is to give him a chance, see if he’ll make the same mistakes, and if he doesn’t well great no? But if he does then...I don’t want to think about it.  Really Mike you should really think before you do something! If you are reading this please take all those constructive criticism to heart  Thank you.
Disliking this video purely because you made an apology video. Nothing to apologise for if you followed the rules of lockdown in the location you were in. People can twist your words and actions no matter what you do so don’t try and hold yourself accountable to them in that way.
He says he looked up guidelines for water sports- he could have just stayed on the boat and wore a mask. Or better yet not gone at all. But it looks like even when he wasn't in the water he wasn't wearing a mask.  That video where he's hovering over that girl covering his mouth but not his nose 🙄 Jesus, some people think they are above everything when it comes to covid.
Apologies accepted. It was stupid, but at least he is apologizing and I think there are worst things going on which deserve more our anger  than a stupid mistake from someone who is mostly doing great videos about health awareness. Redirect that anger to the people who are anti maskers, conspicuous, and who spread dangerous fake health videos.
You seem like a very good man. I enjoy your videos, funny and informative. Being human is a lot of work! Don't be to hard on yourself. Much love♥️
We all fail. We will do better and we Will be better. ❤️💪🏽
Post it on your main channel then
Love how you delete comments. Wasn’t surprised when politicians or “influencers” broke the rules. Thought a doctor would be smarter SMH.
He went and partied. Good for him. I hope he pumps the brakes on lecturing people about COVID risks and mask wearing though.
you've made so many videos about staying safe during the pandemic, then proceed to party on a boat with a whole load of people and not even social distance. personally, i don't really care about covid because i don't have much of a reason to (i don't live in the u.s.), but the hypocrisy turns me off. it'll be hard for people to accept your apology, but please don't do anything like that again :)
You're not even meant to leave New York at the moment from what I've heard.
Ridiculous man. Live your life
It looks like you’re playing the victim here
PICTURE PERFECT:  !!!NARCISSIST!!!
All the fella's supportin' him like to be conspiracy theorists when it suits them don't they?
Dr. Mike started his apology by saying that he made a calculated decision to go on that boat after determining, as a doctor, that this is not risky behavior.  Dr. Mike did NOT include in his apology that he miscalculated and that he was in fact doing something dangerous.  That's where the problem lies. He only apologized because he realized that this was in fact a mistake for his PR.
so freaking disappointed
I am somewhere in the middle of all this medical stuff and the masks ect. However, I would rather see humility on either side when wrong then all the hate. Dr. Mike I personally was never offended or angered by that photo of you on a boat... However, right on for sending the message of humility and issuing an appology. Prayers for everyone in this time. All you haters, doctors are people too. Give the guy a break!
You can’t trust anyone lol
Why is this not on your main channel? Even people like Pewdiepie do not resort to a secondary, virtually unknown channel, to make an apology. If you really wanted to apologize and spread the message about your mistake and for us to learn vicariously, this should be in your main channel. But of course, that would bring even more attention to something you don't really want to be known.  Lost all respect.
Ugh....
How to make this whole hypocrisy an even bigger drama: Mike turned out was paid/blackmailed to undermine his own message or another bigger scandal about him revealed. So whether he went "go stupid go crazy" or a darker side of his publicly spread. He chose this one because the other secret is way too big and literally could end his career Lol that would be dramatic af
Nothin' worse than an apology video.  'Specially when it's over nothin'.  Dude, you can still do things.  I've traveled, been out, etc.  It's corona, not SARS.  Wear a mask, and don't be close to people unnecessarily.  That's really all you can do.  You can't prevent it 100%.  People touch things.  And I'm not sayin' you're not sincere, but either way it still comes off as you doin' it to shut up the Karens.
What a load of garbage from another celebrity doctor. You’re all hypocrites and money hungry to the point of selling out the people who make you big. Glad I stopped watching you a long time ago.
You haven't been vaccinated either have you Mike?
I'll still be following Dr Mike for medical advice because while he did not follow his own advice, I don't suddenly believe that Covid doesn't exist and that the advice is bad. I believe it is a risk assessment every time any of us decide to go to a dinner with family or whatever the case may be, and I read plenty of posts from others who do see friends / family now because this pandemic has gone on for a long time and I do believe that pandemic fatigue is something that happens (not excusing what he did, but he is, in fact, a human like the rest of us and will make many mistakes). As for the effect it might have on others, that should be on his conscious and won't affect whether I follow him or not. I'm not the socializing during a pandemic police. PS. Don't attack me, I'm just not part of this whole cancel culture the internet has going on 🤣 PPS. I see a few people commenting about how he was partying with "random sluts" who were wearing bikinis. How lovely. I hope no one you know has ever worn a bikini, you'll surely be calling them sluts next.
I don't know how to feel about this. I've been following your channel for years and following the advice you gave about Covid, as a Vet Student I haven't go out of my house to hang up with friends in 8 months because I know I'm healthy, but my father isn't. Not gonna lie, I kinda feel a little disappointed, you were literally the last person I expected to see in a party maskless... Hope everything goes alright for you, your friends and your family
Dr Mike is always a happy and cheerful guy so seeing him hurt like this makes me really sad   I get that its his fault for not respecting stuff but Mike if you ever read this comment (which I doubt you would)  we still love you very much and now that you've made that mistake we hope you learned a bit more
You are a f***ing joke!
weak. apologizing for a true statement. Masks aren't doing anything. People are still getting the virus. Its doing more harm than good trying to stop an inevitable spread.
"Sorry I got caught." Rules for thee, not for me.
What is he even talking about ?  Sounds like he killed a bunch of people :D
Cases are rising and the individuals that have recently contracted Covid were polled. They all wore masks, social distanced, and washed their hands. Again, it shows that these measures do not work.
Ngl, I'm highly disappointed in you.
Post this video on main channel not here ...cause everyone deserves to know
It bothers me that this wasn't put on the main channel page. Like, a lot.  Also, HUGE fukboi energy in those photos. It's kind of hard to see Dr. Mike as a real professional now.
You live alone but you don't work alone. Were you planning to quarantine for two weeks when you got back? Were you thinking about keeping your coworkers or your patients safe from your actions? You're young and healthy but you could have picked up the virus and spread it to those who aren't. You know all of this yet to you still went out anyways. I work in a hospital, I've seen how this spreads even in the safest of conditions. What you did was selfish, hypocritical, short-sighted, and shows either a serious lack of judgment or morals.  "Stay at home and wear a mask (so I can go out and party)"
Unusual apology video: he actually apologized
He made a mistake. He is not perfect. In fact none of us are perfect, and I'm sure many of the people who are commenting that they are disappointed have gone out or saw their friends or didn't wear their mask all the time. This was a mistake, but let's not forget that since the beginning of the pandemic, he is reassuring and informing thousands of people, and as a doctor, works a lot to help stop this pandemic. He's done so much more to help than almost everyone commenting. So please, even though he has always seemed like this perfect doctor, Dr Mike is also a human being. He acknowledge his mistake, so let's give him another chance instead of trying to cancel him right away. I still trust you Dr Mike, and thank you for everything you've done so far.
id like to point out something else: ive read some news headlines about this incident and aaaaaall of them began with “worlds hottest doctor” or “sexiest doctor” and its so disgusting like? why do you have to sexualize someone like this... its totally degrading in my opinion.
people have none of their own to attend to and attack any popular person via social media, behind their phone.... The same person, Shane Dawson, that helped me get through the DARKEST time of my life was cancelled because lifeless individuals always have bare minimal scheduled for themselves so the only daily goal is “Whose life can I try to ruin today?” Just be very careful with what photos can be leaked. I’m sorry that you currently have to deal with this. there were ~10 people on a boat, they were all fine!!! And physically young, healthy individuals!   The comment about “rich people don’t have to worry about the pandemic.....” My mother makes ~200k a year then my parents’ salary combined? Lol we’re not rich but most certainly not poor.... but she has smoked & eaten horrible for at least 10 years, slightly overweight, so guess what, @ the author of that comment? Covid was horrible for her, she had pneumonia, ~4 day hospital stay, <82 O2 sat so MONEY DOESN’T DICTATE WHERE A VIRUS GOES!???!?? like? are you kidding?   Idk how the vast majority of people make it through life... I am quite intelligent and I have a difficult time doing so.... My God.  just needed to say, this is the huge con of popularity in social media 💙 however, the amount of people you HELP significantly outweighs that. i’m sure you also considered as a possibility before beginning... try to stay happy and healthy!!!  happy belated birthday, Dr. Mike!
I understand he made a mistake. Many people do mistakes. I believe he learned from it so can we look forward instead dwelling in the past and spread negativity? There is so much of it already.  Love you Mike and hope you have a great christmas. 💛
OK... You messed up... Not practising what you preach, and get caught sucks... But in all humanness, I'll cut you some slack, because it takes guts to confront your faults and ignorances... In your case in front of millions of viewers. Forgive, accept, reflect and move on... Nobodies perfect, we all make mistakes even doctors... but remember you're always being watched!!! Take care, be safe!! 🙏🏼
"Made a mistake."  Please.  That "mistake" took a world of planning with exits offered all along the way if you had had  two things working -- a brain and a conscience.  You hid your planning;  covered your purchases for the trip;  contacted many friends, acquaintances, and more as we all do when planning a vacation or a getaway.  You thought it through, made the choices, carried it out.  That, sir, is far beyond a mistake.  And cease your whining re: negative comments -- you earned them.  Be a man.
I’m gonna be honest who really cares
My Grandad died from the Coronavirus and we couldn’t even see him when he was dying. Not even my grandma. We could only wait at home and see if he would die in the hospital.   People die because you don’t follow the guidelines. Maybe not directly but indirectly. I am kind of disappointed in you as I listened to your videos and thought you weren’t that type of person. That you were genuinely following the rules and using your platform for good and then I find out you had a party.   I personally forgive you Mike but I can’t speak for anyone else. That being said, please be safe everyone but also be kind. Everyone makes mistakes but it’s what we learn from them that are important.
I don’t know why u felt the need to apologize, you made sure COVID wasn’t a big risk to you, so you decided that it was ok for yourself to go on the boat, you weren’t saying that everyone should do what you did, like you said there are people working hard to find the science of the disease and that science said COVID wasn’t a big risk to you, the data can say COVID is a risk to some people but not others, COVID doesn’t have to fit into one narrative that everyone preaches all the time
I love the people with the negative comments that still watch the full videos 😂
You said, “CAN harm the message”. Should have said DID harm the message because it did  I hate to parse this message since overall it was a very good acknowledgement. I’m sure being a public figure is difficult but this is the path you have chosen and it comes with downside.
My friend celebrated her birthday on minecraft with us. This wasn’t a mistake, you had the choice to refuse the party.
Dude you knew conspirators are attacking the safety precautions left and right. You knew they would use anything against facts scientists put out there. You gave them another weapon to use against everybody else. I have number of autoimmune disorders I wasn't out for like 7 months, while my family members are suffering from cancer, everybody is loosing their minds, but not everybody fucks things up when eyes are directed on them. This is Unaccetapble.
Kim there's people dying.
We're humans. We all make mistakes.
This situation is extremely difficult and everyone is dealing with it differently. We all want to go back to 'normal' so I understand why he decided to party on the boat with friends after deciding it was safe enough. I'm not saying it was a good idea but I understand his thought process. However, one slip up doesnt mean that everything he has said about the virus is false. Everyone should still do their best to stay safe and still be cautious until this is over.
What mistake?
Don’t you just love how he makes it seem like he went there to visit his father, when his father was in NY...where he lives.
yeah he messed up, but i must say i’ve learned a lot from his channel. so i’m going to keep watching. hang in there Dr Mike, this too shall pass.
Hindsight is 20/20. You messed up, face the consequences and accept them, don't try to cop out.
You  of ALL people KNOW BETTER.  I respected you so much in the beginning, but, get it together, man. You chose to ask forgiveness than ask permission. How dare.
"Man is not a rational animal; he is a rationalizing animal." - Robert A. Heinlein That's all what he's doing in this video.
weak sauce not putting this on your main channel. very disappointing.
"friends surprised you with a boat.." you could have said no dr Mike. you could have said no.
I had respect for him until this.. now I have lost it. I want to go out and do things too. Yea im no Dr. I weigh the risks too.. but wtf about the risks to our elderly and immunocompromised? He should know better so shame on him. And this is exactly why this stuff just keeps spreading. People are not thinking of others.
I can’t even believe people follow you , much less actually think your apology is genuine. You’re disgusting.
disappointing. here are the list of things you have missed in your youtube apology video :   - a black hoodie.  - fake crying.  - deep breaths.  - a "realistic" camera angle intro montage  - "i was in a very dark place"
Did anybody notice he didn't post the usual Sunday video?
It's one thing for people to disregard safety mesures for selfish reasons, but it's another when an actual doctor with a large online following disregards them. Saying "striving to do better" is just to cover yourself dude don't take us for fools, you wanted to party you partied end of story
There's a whole lots of people commenting here that have apparently never done anything wrong in their entire lives.
So I can't go to university to take my med lessons, I have to follow them online and I can't follow internship  because of covid. But you can go to a boat trip in an another state. OK.
Just do the job you trained for: be a doctor and save lives. That’s all you need to worry about. We all make mistakes. We are human.
Let the man live ffs. He has one of the most stressful jobs in the world right now. He DESERVES a break, especially if he checked all of the rules and guildlines first. Go out and save 100s of lives during a global pandemic over the past year and tell me you're not ready for a bit of fun and a break.
I knew it! He is not perfect. We still have a chance as regular guys...
I’m 72 and vulnerable. I have been isolating at home for 9 months. Why do the so-called experts feel the rules don’t apply to them? I just felt sad when I heard what he had done and then I saw this self-serving apology.  He lives in Manhattan in a $9,000 a month penthouse apartment. Doesn’t his building have a pool that he could have entertained a safe number of guests? Why go to Florida, a hot spot for Covid-19? To protect his patients, is he isolating for two weeks since he went to Florida?
Don't worry Mike, you're good and I appreciate a person who knows when to apologize and admit wrongs. Keep working hard.
Why are there so many dislikes People are so quick to cancel it’s gross
You done fucked up and I don't think a video will solve it, unfortunately. You're a physician and a public figure. Do you know how much this hurt other physicians? The rest of us who try our best to live by the rules, and go by example, and who try to convince patients that it's actually worth it? I feel like this is irreparable damage and if you go back to putting funny videos or videos about COVID to your main channel... come on. Take a break and don't let bullshit photos leak to public if you can't obey like the rest of us. Because it seems that the age old truth is still true -  rules don't matter when you're rich and famous. And no amount of your charisma can save this...
poor mike lol. yall looked up to him like hes a saint. he's not people. i know all of us needed him to be one but he's just HUMAN. he is a 26-year-old dude. what did you expect lol. he can be as stereotypical as one can imagine. yea he f<3ed up. and his attitude s<3ked like a typical young full-of-ego guy. but you should have never holified him in the first place. and mike, i hope you've learnt to be more careful with your actions and words and realize just how ginormous the weight people needed you to carry was. its unfair but thats what you signed up for when you started this social media journey. people have put you as high as Dr. Fauci and seen you as one of the most influencing voices in the medical field. you've become many peoples mental support and like you said you need to understand the weight those words carry. you have to understand people loved you to the point where it hurts THAT much to see you f<3 up. i think thats where most people who liked you came from. i've seen first hand many times how words can take a person down. take the criticism, but dont let it consume you. also.. lose the ego when apologizing lol. (repost cuz the og one contained bad words lol)
Doctor Mike, I appreciate your apologize. But PLEASE upload this video on your main channel as your loyal viewers deserve it.
Hey doctor mike. You probably won’t see this but I am a big fan of yours and want you to understand that me and many of your fans forgive you for what happened. You are a doctor but you are also human and made a mistake that many of us have. Knowing that you understand the implications of the virus better than most people is what probably led u to look past the the severity of the  pandemic which I can understand. Your a big inspiration for me and you will always be, and I accept your apology. This one is going to sting but soon everything will be back to normal. Good luck brother 👍
If he was ugly hed probably already lost all of his supporters
Seems that Dr Mike's demeanor and character is only an online facade. Quite disappointed to say the least.   If anyone is looking to fill their Doctor-Youtuber void, may I suggest Dr Youn. Genuine positive vibes from that dude.
I dont know who are these people that are not going outside just because doctor mike said so. We all see the stats daily, some of us even know people who are affected or even dead because of this virus. Im staying inside my house a lot bacause i know it is dangerous going outside and if i need to go then i follow a lot of precautions to keep myself and others safe, and im not doing it because doctor mike or any other person said so, im doing it because i felt this is the right way to go about it. I decided for myself after researching and undestanding the situation. No matter who says what, your deciding for yourself at the end of the day so dont blame others if you decide to follow them, cause you took the decision yourself, no ones forcing you. This is not rocket science, Decide for yourself what to do
Interesting it looks like comments are being deleted.=)
I drink blue juice from under the sink
1. Everybody makes mistakes and if truly learned out of the mistake than fine 2. I’m more worried about him going to the gym than going on a boat. Even with a mask those places are breeding grounds for the virus. Exercise at home or in the park
Please! This must be a joke! You went to Miami and on a yacht in a Pandemic? I’m so disappointed. I would never gift a friend something like this in a Pandemic. I’m sad. 😞
TO ALL HATERS! DOCTORS ARE HUMANS JUST LIKE YOU!! THEY AREN'T GODS!! SO THEY CAN MAKE MISTAKES.. AND EVERYONE HUMAN DESERVES A CHANCE! YOU GUYS ARE JUST GOING ON AND CUSSING ON HIM JUST FOR HIS ONE MISTAKE!! HE ADMITS HIS MISTAKE AND SAYS HE WON'T DO IT AGAIN! (EVEN IF THAT'S CUZ HE GIT CAUGHT HE STILL ADMITTED IT AND THAT STILL MAKES HIM A GOOD HUMAN!) YOU BRAINLESS HEARTLESS FREAKS STOP HATING ON HIM JUST FOR THIS ONE THING! HAVE YOU NOT MADE ANY  MISTAKES IN YOUR LIFE?? OFC YOU HAVE!! EVERYONE DOES! BUT NOT REPEATING IT AGAIN IS WHAT COUNTS!! GIVE HIM ANOTHER CHANCE! HAVE SOME EMPATHY! HE'LL SAID HE'LL MAKE SURE HE WON'T REPEAT IT SO HE WON'T! I TRUST HIM ON THAT! BEING A MED STUDENT IK WHAT DOCS HAVE TO GO THROUGH!
This should be on your main channel.
When one makes a mistake it's okay for them to apologise to those who he's harmed. Thanks for your apology Doctor Mike, everyone makes mistakes.....  But I will say this, you should really upload this to your main channel....all your followers deserve to know you're sorry..
what did he even do???
It sense a pr company told him to say this.. Not from his feelings.
Hopefully you learned from your mistakes but it is also important to know that if your team runs your Youtube comment section then check them ....  I know that Ed Hope from Sick Notes tried to set up a collab to discuss how your channel looked too similar to his but you never responded , of course you didn't have to but it would have been great to get some sort of heads up ......
A friend of mine in France who’s 24 and not immunocompromised tested positive (asymptomatic) for Covid-19. It’s not about your age, doctor.
Y'all accusing him of being an ahole after he helped the community in ANY way possible, but when it's about Trump, 49% be voting for him.
dang /:
So you are finally part of the YouTube drama huh .....
I heard about this, but I feel it would be more impactful if you had uploaded it onto your main channel.
Reading comments of people who had to spend their birthdays on FaceTime and some without birthday cakes. Shout out to all of them for being responsible on their part and happy belated birthday to you all.
I can’t say anything cause i don’t even stay at home  And i would probably party too if i was given a private boat
I am fed up of these hypocrit YouTubers who make money out of views and disrespect other by their actions....all these people should close their channels.... I will not longer support any of the YouTubers...why he did not post it in his original YouTube channel? Why here? And now you will see all the doctors especially those w a YouTube channel will support this guy.... it is like we already know how they will protect themselves  in their  petit comité!!! Post your apology in your real channel....but of course Mr.  Doctor here is having fun in a yatch full of fake boob girls celebrating and later he will record a video playing Mr Right and making money of the views.... come on!!! The only way to teach these cocky people is to make them loose a couple of millions subscribers and after you will see them crying because they are losing money ... he apologized because he got caught.....
I appreciate your apology but I am disappointed you did not post this on your main channel at the very least.
It is disappointing. And it's alright to make mistakes, but don't let them become problems. I don't know you man. I may have watched you for 3 years now, but I will never know who you really are - so I just hope you keep that promise. I enjoy the information you provided us in a comedic fashion - but you're a doctor first and foremost.
And he said n one should have a pool party
GUYS HE DIDNT WANT TO PUT IT ON HIE MAIN CHANNEL CAUSE HE HAS 6 million subs and this one has only 65k
"Going on a boat" is not the same as "wild party on a boat with hot women and absolutely no social distancing". That is NOT keeping within the guidelines. He did NOT follow the rules. Other countries are currently giving people fines for this sort of behaviour. No regular doctor would do this. Sounds like his fame/hotness got the best of him.
“i’m young, healthy and not at risk” is what every person who doesn’t wear a mask says. we’ve been preaching to them about how it’s not yourself that masks protect but the people around you. hello??
*Why are ALL the top comments getting deleted?* Doc Mike, this makes you look so much worse.
So...i turned 21 this year and celebrated AT HOME...... I celebrated my 5 year anniversary with my parter AT HOME...... My partner celebrated his 20th birthday AT HOME!!!!!!! This is with both of us living together and having limited contact with others, including family, since March even tho in are area there are very few cases.... Yet this DOCTOR has been PREACHING about masks and CRITICISING people for not wearing them and social distancing but suddenly covid doesnt exist on his birthday? A mistake? Seriously?  A mistake is forgetting to turn a light off or forgetting your keys or mask when leaving the house...a mistake is NOT getting on a boat with a bunch of people,  who i doubt you can guarantee  have been taking all necessary measures againt this pandemic, and partying with no masks or social distancing, knowing you are an influencer and people WILL see the photos and uploading an apology to your second channel with a bunch of random useless excuses for your behaviour.    You are a DOCTOR, you set an example for  your followers and your PATIENTS.   Ok, so you live alone, but what about your job, your patients? What about the people who supplied this party with the boat, food and drinks? Is their health not more important than a party? You can celebrate your birthday later when the situation is better like everyone else!  This is not an apology, this is a "i got caught so i have to come up with a bunch of excuses for my actions and say "sorry"" Also the max boat capacity is 10 and in the photos there are obviously more than 10 people on that boat so you're also lying...  Thanks, you are a very trustworthy person (not) and have shown your true colours😘
Pretty good apology video. As constructive criticism,  I would have liked something mentioned about others, the fact that you exposed others to you. You can be asimptomatic and spreading the disease. Of course your own risk is low.
You did a very good job. We always support you.
So many people asks...why this apology isn't on main channel... well he doesn't wanna his subscriber become decreased each day... That's why.                  Periodt Blood Bitches.
Dr. Mike please post this on your main channel
I hope you really learn from this, love from me doc. God bless
😂 what a joke
Wtf kind of doctor decides to party during a pandemic, knowing full well he'd have to isolate afterwards. 2 weeks that patients need to have less doctors working, just because you wanted to get a lil crazy. Douchebag.
At first I thought ok, everyone makes mistakes, he was just on a boat with a friend or something right? And then I looked up the photos... It does look really bad 🙈 And I'm quite confused because I feel I'm a good judge of character and felt real authenticity in your videos. If it's your friends that are a bad influence then you seriously need to think about hanging with a different crowd. I don't mind doctors having their own lives, wearing bikinis or whatever... But being on a boat with a bunch of models? Even if it weren't in the middle of a pandemic, it's going to look bad. Like what kind of friends even think it's ok? I've seen it where people who are soft are loyal to a fault and don't want to get rid of a friend group that no longer matches their direction in life. It will literally ruin you. You can do better than this. I also don't know if you're just doing too much and losing yourself in the process. Being both a practicing doctor and an influencer is a lot of work. Maybe just slow down a bit. I still want to believe you're a geniune person but I also can't help but feel pretty disappointed. I know you never want to just be a pretty face, but you let yourself be painted that way.
Posting an apology on a second channel barely anyone knew he has. that's weak.
Can we please stop acting like you are all following the rules and that you are the perfect citizen.... He messed up, he nows. Get over it and stop acting like a stupid child
We are all human! We mess up, even the good ones. It is a good thing you come out for your mistake. We can learn from it. And I don’t respect you less, maybe I respect you even more now!🙏🏼❤️
Who actually liked this bs from this lying  hypocrite?😔
You’ve lost all credibility. You say one thing and do another. You were not “misunderstood”, you were just caught doing what you do when you think no one is watching.
He's just sorry he got caught.
I don’t mind him having this party, neither I think he was irresponsible. Lockdown has not affected me much, but I don’t support it. I mind him defending lockdown. I am surrounded by doctors and lab technicians, even one experienced epidemiologist, and they all are against lockdown, against mass vaccination with a vaccine method that has never been used in history, against the form of testing everyone is using and it is set on high sensitivity which causes more then 90% false positives. They have been educating me this whole year to recognise false information. And main stream media is full of it. I don’t know why Mike decided to be in the middle of this pandemic, defending without seeing the bad side of lockdown and curfews all over the world. I am in Europe, he surely knows what is happening in his home country and countries close to it. Governments using lockdowns to create horrible laws unsuitable for 21st century, massive protests, some states declaring lockdown was a mistake. I used to love watching him. But his covid campaign has made me stop. I am not denying covid. I am questioning the ways we deal with it. There were better ways. Destroying the whole worlds economy was not the best way.
Unsubscribed.
this man gets so many girls i bet jesus what a good looking dude also his apology seems pretty genuine lmaoo
I've now seen the picture of the 15 people, on that boat. No masks. How the F, Mike?! HOW could you think that was a good idea? You're supposed to have good judgement, people's lives are in your hands. You didn't mention that NOBODY was wearing a mask on the boat; you didn't mention or think about your father and the possible effect it could have on him... also yeah, the true shitbags are gonna take this and RUN WITH IT, like they have been. Last but not least - this vid is on the secondary channel, not the main one? I'm disappointed, PISSED OFF, and my trust in your 'advice on YouTube' and my heart are broken. It's always the people you love hurt you most, right? You were supposed to destroy the Sith, not JOIN THEM!  I'm out, Mikey.
I think that's not okay. Just because you're in the spotlight doest mean you can't struggle with this time. People aren't meant to be isolated, I feel sick how much hate there is. You can't do everything right, that's not how life works and that you're pushed into feeling bad and guilty is making me sad. From an EMT in Germany I send some love and understanding over to you ❤️ your content makes me happy and don't be to hard on yourself
Proof not real , your only here to try to do damage control because your handlers are not happy .. the truth will always come out
Why is this not posted on the main channel?
Don't try to justify what you did.  Don't explain things to make yourself sound better.  If you are genuinely remorseful, JUST APOLOGIZE.  I'm sorry goes a long way but not if you have to justify your actions.    And you've lost all credibility.  Too bad.  You knew your stuff, but we can't really trust your pleas to wear masks and distance anymore.  I mean, why should we?
Marry me?😳
Oh gosh please don't cancel another youtuber because of what they did. Everyone makes mistakes, it means they are growing. He literally followed everything that is safe.   People need to chill and stop making reasons to put people down.
0:55 who does know that you went to website before parting or just to show us
everything that comes out of your mouth... bullshit
We are all humans. Get of your fucking high horses and stfu...Yes, he fucked up. So what? We all do from time to time. He saves Lives, gives guidance and helps people overcome some searious llnesses. let me just guess and say, 90% of his viewers do nothing, and help noone in there life, me included. Sorry for my unbeliveble bad english, i am not the most educated guy, and english is not my native language. stay healthy everyone.
You live alone , you don't put anyone at risk ???? Waaat aren't you a docter , you'll be looking after patients , your patient might get infected from you n your colleagues who are health workers 🙄
Masks help! We have been in lock down for 8 months in Victoria Australia. We have to by law wear masks and they help a lot. we have had no cases for 30 days. We are covid free which has only come by people in power making mistakes learning from them and working out a better way( some would disagree it was a better way) but we have eliminated Covid in Victoria for now.   Dr Mike we all make mistakes and as long as we learn from them we shouldn't be judged to harshly. Those who are harsh on you may need to self reflect themselves.  This is a time where family and friends seem far away and fun times shouldn't happen, maybe you shouldn't have gone maybe you should,  we weren't allowed to see our parents/family or friends for 3 months so your call.  Dr Mike I am praying for you and the work you do to get the messages out there about Covid, about health.  You are an amazing Dr and your working in a really hard time.  Sending love your way. X
To everyone saying "oh this is just a simple mistake"... No, it's not. This was planned out, he had to FLY there. He planned out everything, this isn't something that you just accidentally do. Also, uploading the apology to your side channel is one of the worst decisions you can make when posting an apology...
I think it is very honorable to be able to admit your mistakes, especially in front of so many people, to learn from them and to move forward.. In South Africa we always use the saying "Die hoogste bome vang die meeste wind" meaning people in power or with great influence will always be judged more harshly than others..  It's just part of the job, one of the disadvantages that comes with all the honors of being a leader. I hope this will soon blow over for you and that you won't lose the credibility over one simple mistake.. 🌻👍🏼
mistakes are accidents. accidents are tripping or stubbing your toe not flying cross the country to have a party during a pandemic.
its not like you traveled to Wyoming or Alaska you went to effing Florida of all places like wtf
Hmm not the sexiest doctor alive...
Rules for thee but not for me.
lol
You made a mistake and I won’t judge you. You are human and that’s understandable. I hope you are doing ok and be safe out there...stay happy and healthy
I haven't seen my friends or family since March. Not once. I'm dying of loneliness, but I'm doing the right thing. I've watched your coverage on Covid and stayed alert, not anxious. Now this.  I feel like, "Screw it. Doctor Mike was maskless and surrounded by 20 women practically licking him AND he's tested negative since coming home. Maybe Covid's not that contagious. Maybe I'll take off that freaking mask and see some people. Good job, Doctor.
The fact that you didn't upload this on your main channel says alot about accountability..... just dumb
How much money do you make on your interviews about covid? How much money do you make diagnosing covid .   You tell us one thing and do the total opposite while people are losing their businesses and you are making bank..  Guess what else is killing people. POVERTY  from no jobs, DRUG addiction due to NO JOBs, SUICIDES up 150 percent in KC alone because of NO jobs. When the cure is worse then the disease we need to stop
It's always typical how doctors never really practice what they preach. That's why the majority of them are unhealthy.
u good bro!
The worse part is that the whole think looks like a trap, and you jumped in with both feet.
Do you have any idea how much damage you just did with your hypocrisy? What an @hol3.
disappointed but not surprised hypocrisy at its finest
Lol he’s the type of people who thinks they are exceptions to everything on their birthday, no honey :) it don’t work like that
shame :-(
He did not just say he lives alone thus doesn’t put anyone at risk when he is a literal doctor. Honestly just cancel all celebrity doctors. The clownery is too much. This is not the first time he has proven that his education has failed him. Enough is enough
Mha dude don't worry sometimes you mess up but that's ok nobody is perfect and the fact that you wanted to let some steam off doesn't make you a bad person and honestly I don't get the people bashing you for whatever reason you are giving a grate advices of how to stay in good health and good shape during the pandemic and I'm pretty sure that every one of us was doing something not covid friendly at least once during the pandemic i work with kids and as a matter of fact this is least covid friendly thing to do but I'm at good health wearing a mask thanks to professionals like you keep up with your grate work and content 👍👌
Embarrassing
Stop whinging.... we don’t wanna know about your life... most people don’t have enough to eat and you advise them to stay isolated and alone while you gorge on the bounty of this world... shameless
This doesn't sound genuine at all
You are only sorry because you got caught. You were holding those people close to your face without a care. Why lie. You weren't nervous at all and it definitely didn't seem like you cared. What if those people had underlying conditions, you never mentioned that, you really don't care dude. You just got caught that's all. YOU DIDN'T EVEN UPLOAD THIS TO YOUR MAIN CHANNEL, that says a lot about how you only care about your image.
You assessed the risk.. to be surrounded by hoes on a boat? You can’t be serious? You’re not just a Youtuber, you’re a family doctor whose mission is supposedly trying to EDUCATE the public. Big yikes. Lost my respect.
People make mistakes People=Doctors!!! He made that only one and I think admitting is brave and something to look up to. So, thank you Doctor Mike, keep up the good work and take care of yourself! 👋
Grow up !!
Sorry, but I don’t feel like you need to apologise. It’s been over 8 months of this awful pandemic - you’re allowed to have a break once. And especially as it seems like you were careful about it. I know what you’re saying but you being on top of it and being perfect, won’t stop conspiracy theorist. People will always chose to believe what suits their world views. It’s not your responsibility. Love you - stay awesome. Не волнуйся!
Dr Grande will never have to make one of these.
Mike still doesn't get it.  Masks do not work as a quarantine measure in a large population, because people will always find ways as to why THEY are the exception, their risk is not great enough to rearrange their life, etc.  So Mike hits all of the elements of the lesson, and then gets the final point completely wrong.  Every doctor who treats patients instead of charts knows, no treatment is ever 100% effective.  Be it the patient, the treatment, random factors of biology, etc, something will not work out the way it is expected.  So thinking 330 million people could make this fact go away was fools errand, and Mike just shows us that even the fanatics are no less funny.  It wasn't even just the boat / party / mask thing in the end.  His ego demanded he share his life with people on the Internet as some kind of humble brag, and his sorry not sorry apology shows how dismissive he is of others.  "Sorry officer, I didn't mean to run a red light while someone was watching, but I'm only human.  Don't worry though, I am certain I will do it again in the future, because I think my excuses allow me to aim low!"
i am so disappointed. i have looked up to you for a while now and this apology is bullshit
It's not an honest apology. Starts with you giving excuses and downplaying what went throu. You focus on yourself and your risk and it never was about individual risk and you as a doctor should not have fun maskless in crowd and brake rules and endanger other heath and lives because it seems ok for you. You showed how selfish you really are. I lost respect for you. Hypocrite telling others to stay home and wear masks and himself going out to party. So what if these photos and videos were not leaked? You would still be a hypocrite partying and filming video's telling people how events gatherings outside with masks are a huge no due to pandemic. You do so much harm as a doctor and as a person with a huge platform. This 'apology' shows how entitled and manipulative you are. Gaslighting audience, being defensive, deflecting blame about having fun for the first time in months... I cringe at your arguments.
The heck with all the hate we are all human and we make mistakes u can’t tell me u didn’t have one mistake in your life -_-
I feel bad for Dr.Mike because he's always happy and funny on his videos, but I'm still angry because he went to a party during covid-19 :(
A real explanation would have been as follows:  “Ok. You guys got me. I’m a total fucking tool. I’m not going to take advantage of you with my medical expertise and tell you all how to behave again. I get it. I’m a sell out. Goddamned cellphones all have cameras today!”  Now if he said that, I’d be cool with all this.
Idiot
People are worried about a virus that is over 99% survivable. I have a family member right now that has it.. He has had open heart surgery, has a pace maker, is on anti-rejection medications because had a kidney transplant and has also had brain surgery. To say their immune system is compromised is an understatement. They were not feeling well for about 3 days, that's it. No ICU stay, no extended hospital stay. Stop playing into this " oh it's the end of the world " nonsense. If you want to advocate for something, get people to get more serious about heart disease or cancer. Those have killed WAY more this year than covid will in it's entirety. Do better.
Just complete and utter disappointment. Especially someone who preaches this in his videos...
It's not a spectrum. The answer is no. Wear a mask, wash your hands, don't make any unnecessary trips outside the home. The end. It's black and white. Even if you have that boy in the bubble disease where you live in a bubble that boy should still stay home because how many  things does he roll over when he goes out? He could be spreading the virus. The thing is, it's when you get comfortable and let down your guard that's when the virus gets you. It's hard staying vigilant for so long. No one likes being isolated. It's hard.
Please tone down your ego and don’t give us passive-aggressive “apologies” you are in a position of influence and need to own up to the mistake without BS excuses
Why is everyone I'm the comments acting like they have never made a mistake in their lives ? As soon as someone screws up you people seem to forget every good thing they've ever done and suddenly he's a bad person , a hypocrite who deserves the electric chair. What is this culture of instantly condemning someone who makes a mistake. Yes I agree a big mistake . But why can't we try to see things from his perspective and why are you so determined that his apologize is fake and not sincere ? The way I see it , it's easier to be angry and blame a person for his bad actions. But to give him a second chance to try to redem himself ,that's not an option here ? God himself only judges people once they have completed their lives why do we ,humans , do it sooner ?
" PLAN-demic " Get it right.
Y’all say no one will see this when all of y’all obviously saw it and it’s trending. How funny
This is the most non apology apology ever.
I don’t get it tho. Why y’all so rude for
He isn't wearing a tight shirt.
I mean. A boat party is a boat party. Toot toot broham.
*WHY IS HE DELETING ALL THE CRITICAL COMMENTS???* Sus as f, there's been hundreds of crucial comments with 1000+ likes and he's removed ALL of them.
As a nurse my heart is broken... I wish this would be on your main channel. 💔
That’s cute. Thank you Governor Newsom. Or, are you Governor Murphy? I can’t figure out which one you are. You look a little young but equally just as hypocritical. You’re not sorry. You’re sorry you got caught while kicking yourself for possibly damaging your brand. That’s all. Nothing to see here.
thumbnail made him look like Jared the subway guy
I used to like this channel. The hypocrisy is absolutely insane. Just tell the truth already. The "pandemic" isnt as serious as you want your subscribers to believe. You are playing into the hands of the socialist dictators who want to lock everything down. Masks dont stop covid. Its all about compliance. Its for people to "feel" safer. this channel is dead to me.
Couldn't post this on your main channel?   The irony is you totally could have been fine if you just hadn't been monumentally stupid enough to pose for pictures and then have them POSTED ON THE INTERNET.
If the virus is so dangerous as you say, why are you and politicians going to parties and dinners?
Wow wow wow, the vitriol of some of the comments is crazy. Guys, Dr Mike is still a human prone to errors, like all of us. Give the man a break. He’s done his very best to give us sound medical advice and keep his message on point. Let’s not crucify the guy for messing up. Constructive criticism and a civil discourse
Everything you put out is always so thoughtful and in good intention. But I don’t understand what you are apologizing for if you were truly following all guidelines and not putting anyone at risk (eg. you took a test when you returned and continue to). If that’s true, then isn’t your apologizing for nothing that you did wrong or in danger of others going to have the very effect you are worried about, which is the impact of how people will see the virus? I.e., it’s like you’re saying it is not enough for people to do research and follow guidelines, rather we should just be excessively worried and careful even if the risk is minuscule. I know you aren’t saying that, but that’s the affect that I see in this video. Is the mental turmoil and fear of that level of tiptoeing, beyond the bounds of the guidelines, really worth avoiding just live our lives? Shouldn’t the message be to just follow the guidelines and that’s it?
To be honest I really do not care if you tested negative in a test.  I have unsubscribed from your channels.  You obviously have no respect for your colleagues on the frontline to pull this stunt.  You knew exactly what you were doing and it was not in the spirit of social distancing guidelines - you just didn't want to be caught.  Shame on you.
Hes shaking his head no the whole video. Charlatan
Y’all must not have been around for when Dr. Mike went after Dr. Hope’s Sick Notes. He was so nasty and defensive. This is literally not surprising whatsoever.
Dr. Mike: fucked up bad, did incredibly stupid things and tries to save his reputation  Conspiracy theorist: that means corona isn't real :)))
Do thousands of good things, people will forget.. Do some mistakes, people will NOT forget  That’s how it works now..  well, he’s just a human.. I understand. at least he’s not like other YouTubers that cannot admit their mistakes  I forgive him for doing that
Lmaooo apparently its the second known boat party you participated in during the pandemic. The first one was in NY on Sept 12. Your hypocrisy goes waay back. Insane
Thank you for this. You really inspire me to be better. Thanks.
Attack me attack me but dont attack my main channel
Some of us can analyse statements and non verbal communication. When you start off an apology by laying out a whole story (and it IS just a story) you know its definitely not an apology, but rather a plea to not say negative things.   Why not just apologise, and do it on your main channel too???
Your title is incorrect.  You ARE NOT admitting when you are wrong. This whole apology is you justifying why it wasn’t wrong and then saying you’re mad that others who want to act just as irresponsibly as you can now justify their actions by referencing your similar actions as a popular, educated medical professional. I don’t even care as much about the action itself, many people are blurring the lines, not remaining 6 feet away in public, having a get together with people outside their home.  Its the complete hypocrisy and obvious denial. And to post in on your second channel.  Really like a lot about you and you should be better than this.
I respect you making this video.  I didn't even think about this being an issue since you are obviously a safe person. I can see that you are now held to a higher standard since you're an influencer. I have great respect for you as a person, a doctor and an influencer. I served in the Marines,  not the same but similar in a way,  I couldn't do things that everyone else could do because as a Marine I was representing all Marines.  I chose that career to serve the public,  to protect them, I had zero idea that I signed up for being hyper analyzed. I want allowed to be human and make mistakes.   Hey, Dr Mike,  be happy and healthy my friend.
A few things: 1. Don’t apologize when you’ve done nothing wrong. You are correct in saying that you are young and at low risk and you should be out enjoying yourself. Data shows that you are at extremely low risk of death if you are under 50 and have no preexisting conditions.  2. Don’t be a poon because some SJWs called you out for living your life. You should be sharing the message that others should live their lives as well and not cower in their basements in fear of ridicule of their peers.  3. Those chicks on the boat looked trashy and plastic AF bro, a handsome guy with clout and money like you can pull way better lol.
Appreciate the apology. Think it would be more effective on the main channel tho!! It's hard for everyone to follow these guidelines- I made a similar calculated risk to see my father for Thanksgiving, and I'm second guessing myself even though I'm following all protocol. Guess we both goofed.
Mike man... I get it you made a mistake man but just keep your head up. this hurts a little bit but I got your back man i’m by your side to the end.
Why upload here?!  For what? Extra income?
You're sorry you got caught. That's all.
The fact that you said sorry is noble ... we're humans... we make mistakes... it is necessary to forgive ourselves and others... and move on... there will always be judgmental people who act like they have never made mistakes
How soon before doc disables comments and then unlists the non-apology? That dislike bar doesn’t look good, doc.
Oh cmon you know you’re a public figure at the same time a Doctor and you know that to yourself that partying in the middle of pandemic were people dying everyday is  just so insensitive.
Everyone makes mistake. Not everyone is perfect. And honestly not anyone would have known what you did if you never put it out there but admitting and even apologizing to us just show how genuine you are as a person. Trying to always practice what your preach. You haven’t lost me as a viewer it just makes me appreciate you more. And thank you as always being who you are. We are all simple human beings who learn everyday, make mistakes and grow everyday. So at the end of the day, stay healthy and happy.
As a doctor, you should know that "young and healthy" people can get - and die of - Covid 19.  You had a whole flight to think it over. You could have gotten there, seen the bunch of people and say: "Hey guys, if this comes out, I'm gonna lose all my credibility, bye! Beewoop!" But you didn't do it. Instead of being sorry and admitting you did a thing that contradicts everything you said and did, concerning Covid, you're just using - pretty lame - excuses and vindifications. It affects also all those interviews you took, all those people you interviewed,  with Mr. Fauci leading the way.
Thank you for this!
.08%
Very unpopular opinion: it's natural if humans eff up every now and then. Look at all those people who celebrate holidays or went on vacation. We all know them in our daily lives. Do we attack them like this? No? I thought you people wanted consistency. This reeks of punching up. Now Mike, you've done a lot of good in YouTube for years. Sometimes to an almost unattainable superhuman standard. It's almost a relief to know he is a regular human, just like us.
Proud of you for self reflection! I hope the strain on you and your loved ones dissipates in this hard time
This isn't an apology. It's a plea of innocence. Extremely disappointed in him honestly. You're not just a youtuber, dude. You can't be out here like the rest of these phony "influencers". You're LITERALLY a doctor. You should KNOW better.
It's cool dude we're all human and crave human interaction your still young and nobody should expect you to be perfect
I have fully sweat thru my mask at work. To where I couldn't breathe. I was sucking my own sweat, not air. But you get a boat party. And to fly across the country to visit family.  And you do an influencer half hearted non apology on an unknown second channel. At least well known influencers take the heat on their main and only channels when they pretend to apologize. Nice use of bringing up your dog. I guess it replaces crying right? For sympathy?
Everyone is a hypocrite.
not only conspirators are attacking science and WHO it seems, you did far worse attack on it yourself 😞
This guy is a joke seriously. You're not sorry, you're sorry you got caught. In fact, you have such little regret you didn't post to your main channel and risk being laughed at (deservably) but doing the right thing because you only care about making money and bantering to this egomaniac behaviour you have thinking you're so good-looking and amazing. If I was your employer I'd see this and be like, this guy isn't a reliable doctor. Either be a male bimbo model/influencer or be a doctor, you can't be both. I come from a family of doctors who have done a lot in the world of medicine, in research and surgery, sacrificed their lives for the greater good and if I told them this story they'd say this guy is a joke too. I test for doctors applying for residency and if I knew someone was like this hell to the no would I find them professional. You're an embarassement to medicine Mike, quit playing your fake virtue and caring cards when you're a pos and would risk others for your selfish needs. It's really pathetic to do tones of vids advising others to stay safe and then having this "do as I say not as I do" outcome. You're such a fake person! Everyone I know unsubbed from your main channel and so did I, and I recommend any others who believe in ethics from doctors to do the same. Lets see how far your "good looks" takes you when people in medicine laugh at you for being a careless and airhead person.
i don't know whether I should forgive him or...
Don't attack the science 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
”I’m young, healthy, living alone and not putting anyone at risk”  You are a doctor, not someone working from home not having outside contact. Even if you were, you’d still have to travel back from your boat party.
🤮
I thought you were different guess not....
Why is this not on your main channel? This is just really disappointing.
1) why didn't you put it on your main channel  2) didn't you say in numerous interviews if you're going near water bring 2 masks. 3) that group photo you took wasn't even  in water  4) covid deaths don't just attack old people. In my country numerous 20-30 year-old young people died  5) your father's home?!?!? So you're putting him at risk in his home  6) you may not be at high risk but your patients ARE
Who tf is he?,?
So disappointing. Won't be watching your content anymore. I looked up to you...
This is a terrible apology and those pics are very trashy :/
Messing up is on accident or of not knowing. You knew about the boat and decided to have a party for your birthday, not an accident. You are a doctor and have been voicing safety protocols and concerns on COVID, you did know. This is not a mess up, this is you being called out and making up an excuse to not look bad.
Unsubscribed solely for the shady apology on a channel that has much smaller following where you could have handled it better by really apologizing on your mainstream channel
We are all human
I agree with medbros point, we can’t discount all the good Dr. Mike has done over one mistake. I was disappointed as well however I think we all know he won’t repeat this.
EVERYONE SEARCH "tu quoque fallacy".
Satanic tool
This man has good intentions and has built a platform on facts and science and has potentially save hundreds of lives. Seeing how fast you guys are quick to judge him and call him a “coward” who are you to say. He is admitting that he messed up and will learn. Use this energy on your favorite famous creators that are continuously partying and gathering together without apologizing or giving explanations, not on someone who had done so much good for his community. Look in the mirror and see if you have done everything in your power to be perfect in this pandemic. Everyone messes up, but learning and realizing your actions is what matters.
Doesn't the boating rule he highlighted at 1:01 say "eight adults maximum"? In one picture there's at least fifteen adults (I presume excluding crew). In addition the same site says: "Captain, crew and patrons of charter vessels must wear facial coverings and practice social distancing rules, both on shore and on the vessel."
I work in a nursing home and have seen firsthand people dying because of complications caused by  Covid 19. The struggle is real, for me, my family, my coworkers, my friends. I cannot understand how YOU, of all people, do such stupid thing and later try to justify or downplay it.  No excuse for you, you're just one of those social media trashes who value number of views and followers   than anything else.  No respect for you at all.
Im just gonna assume that everyone here spreading hate is perfect and has not ever made a mistake.give him a break!
Post on your main channel....why hide?
Normally, I wouldn't immediately bash him for this type of his behavior because, let's be honest, a lot of yall aren't staying inside. It's normal. Some of us just can't live without (safely) socializing, and seeing other people. However, this is a doctor. Someone who is supposed to be someone we can trust with our health. Someone who encourages staying inside and wearing face masks. If he is an honest, true medical worker, he would post this on his main channel and properly apologize there. It took me 2 days to even find out that this happened. If another doctor didn't post an analysis of this vid, then I wouldn't have even know that this happened. Own up to it, stop making excuses and act like a real medical worker who's sorry for putting patients at a possible risk.
This is just disappointing and unforgivable. You cannot be slamming these restrictions on everyone else, and yet not follow them yourself. And other people doing this is unacceptable, but not really surprising, from you though, it is even more unacceptable. I do not accept this apology at all.
"We all make mistakes in the heat of passion, Jimbo."
All the best to you Dr. Mike.  It's not my place to accept or reject your apology, but what I would say, is that it's good to admit your mistake and apologize for it.  To the viewers, my opinion is that he might be sad and depressed. Solitude can make anyone go crazy. Yes, there are people like me who are struggling with money, and lack of social interaction, and are all staying at home! But, I will not blame another person for wanting to meet different people. As humans, we crave social interaction, and Dr. Mike Is also a human like the rest of us.   Dr. Mike stay safe and quarantine yourself for 2 weeks, and after your quarantine period ends, please go out only for groceries and work, nothing more. Sometimes we all need to hear our own advices. Show us the responsible Dr. Mike again, the one who we have all known for years.
I take your apology,you've done so much for NYC.nobody is perfect
This isn't about saying you were wrong.  This is about shaming people who don't do as you tell them to and then not doing it either.   Your "lesson" should be that other people don't want to wear the masks all the time either.  And yet, we are shamed because you continue to go on MSM and tell us to wear them.  You feel you are above everyone else and your "liberal privilege" is showing.  If you were a Republican you would have been fired, etc for being a hypocrit.  But you won't see any consequences from this.
I respect you for sharing this, I accept your apology, I forgive you, keep up the great work!
Dr. Mike I truly admired you, as a medical student I looked up to U and you are totally right! You are human we all make mistakes but man! U really f**ked up. First because this video of you apologizing isn't in your main channel which it seems like... You don't really think this is a big deal which it is and second it feels like part of your apology is more like making excuses. I'm sorry you are living this but this also make you realize that you as a public figure your actions and what you say, it has a lot of weight. Please really think about it, to do things right like truly apologizing, do it properly! Like you really feel sorry and if you don't feel that way that's fine meditate thinks, do a selfjustment and when you'll ready, think about what is appropriate.
Put 2 masks on if you are worried about other people not wearing a mask - people should have freedom to choose.
Boomer
Lmao people are getting mad at this guy for trying to live a normal life?
Just don't do it again. Please.
What do you mean you spent  the pandemic wherever....? as far as i know its no where near to be over , you cannot talk about it in the past , you use your wealth and maybe the abilities to get tested often when others don not have that opportunity , but even if you were all tested , it still shows a bad example to others , staying humble and keep low profile in support of others is kinda hugely important...maybe with your wealth you can help others going through tough times...maybe all of your party were all tested and you felt safe...but hummm how about not showing off this insensitive behaviour to people ,,i mean the entire freaking planet is suffering ! Wow ! Speechless !!!!!!
That too tight shirt was also a mistake but hey, we still luv ya! 🤣🤣🤣
Why isn’t this apology on his main channel?
I was not there to see your IG posts, Dr Mike. But everything has consequences. Everyone does mistakes though. Hope everyone can forgive him... In their own time.  I don't know what to feel tho. I'm disappointed and I don't know what to feel. Is this sincere? I don't even know that. This is the first channel I follow that has some kind of apology in it. The Youtubers I followed are usually drama-free.
YOU live alone but what about those people rubbing up against you with no mask or regard for social distancing? How many people could they come into contact with? Also, not posting this on your main channel is cowardly.
Put this on the main channel.
I still can't believe he did that, he is a real physician and been so active campaigned about how dangerous the virus is and ect ect but he still did go to boat "party" , I know this is been so stressful for medical worker and don't forget almost all people in the world can not avoid the damage that the virus caused but if medical worker like dr. Mike himself still did go to "party" how about the other people think ? He is the same as other influencer. This is so disappointing overall not because what he has done, I know people makes mistake, but I can not stand that he is real physician, influencer which has millions follower and also who knows best the risk he put when he doing that "party" thing yet he still go anyway.
Can someone explain to me what he is apologing for. I'm honestly really confused because he said he followed all the rules, so why is he apologizing??
Hate to see that such a influential figure does something so hypocritical.  Really bad apology though.
Gov. Moron DeathSantis is a murderer because he opened up Florida for $$$$$. You are stupid to believe Florida is a safe place to travel. Shame on YOU!
Bruh moment major
I have been stuck in another state from my family and friends, in stage-4 lockdown, and haven't seen a single person I know for almost 12 months. All of my conversations have been on the phone. My state has now eradicated C19 thankfully but not without sacrifice.  I hope you're thankful that your country/state isn't taking it as seriously as mine or you'd all be fined and publicly ridiculed. People would be asking for your resignation for putting a whole state at risk. I hope it was worth it.
Gotta confuse the covid by forgetting about it for a while, right babe?
Post this on your main channel
Healthcare workers and law enforcement should be held to a higher ethical standard than other professions. I would include politicians but I gave up on them long ago.
Couldn't have said it better myself. Apology accepted. This goes to show that even as knowledgeable doctors are, they arent perfect people. He is still human and makes mistakes. We have all craved spending time with loved ones during this pandemic, he made a mistake and got caught up in it. The point is that he recognizes that it was wrong and realizes the affect and message it has towards his followers. I'm happy he addressed it and took full ownership of this mistake. Dont you all act like you are perfect. I'm sure some of you have bent the rules to hang out with some friends or family members within these past couple months. You all are acting like he went out partying with a bunch of people not wearing masks.
Everybody here needs to shut it. The message is still true even if he didn't follow it that one time. Think of it that way - if someone told you not to jump off a cliff, and then did just that - would you jump right after him?
Dr Mike is downplaying big time what he did. How he describes his mistake doesn’t match that photo of him partying.
Every one of us is human. No one on earth can say that they have never made a mistake or done anything wrong. Just as you would like to be forgiven for your mistakes, you should also forgive others. God loves you all!💕
honestly i understand him, he is young, he wanted a break, we all do, he had a opportunity he took, of course, it was a mistake, and of course he should have known that bc he is a doctor, but most importantly you all forget that doctors are humans too, they make mistakes in my country there is a saying, do what the priest says not what he does  so wear your masks!!!
Only sorry when you get caught. Plus you a “doctor” so you obviously just didn’t care until you got caught.
So you have joined the Dark side?
I don’t understand why he’s getting so much hate, he admitted his wrong wrong doings
We're all human and we make mistakes.  But being honest when we make mistakes and are honest and regretful, makes you a good person and doctor. We love you nonetheless
Its not just you doc. People are getting complacent. Thinking it's ok I'm healthy I'm young I have a mask I can wash my hands. We're getting tired of being inside. I know you'll do better. We've all been there. Nobody is perfect during this pandemic.
Even after this fake apology (I hate it, but I'd be here all day if I complained about specifics), his main channel has not gone down in subscribers at ALL.  he's really getting away with this... so scummy
Dr. Mike   I have tried to write this three times now. I am at a loss of words. A loss of faith. And you may never read this, but I have to get it off of my chest...what the hell, man?!   I get that friends can be tempting. I appreciate that. I appreciate that you actually did check the guidelines and worked some things out, which is more than most people. But you are not most people. You are a people with a huge channel, and you are a doctor. I know so many people on the medical profession. What if you had gotten sick? That could have wiped out a whole huge section of an already strained system. And what about people like my dad, who have given over 30 years of his life of helping people? He is nearing retirement age. What if someone like him got sick?  I cannot even bear to think of that.  We are dealing with selfishness I have NEVER seen before. Being a doctor, I know you have critical thinking skills. You HAVE to know that some of these people will sink to unimaginably low depths to deny what this virus, or responsibility towards anyone else. Of COURSE they will use your picture. They will use anything, and make it their freaking flag. It is part of my job to do proper research and verify quality information. The number of scematic diagrams, insane theories or people just screaming at me when I ask them to follow a bylaw...amazing.  I also have an autoimmune disease. So do two other members of my cohort. To top it off, they are allergic to ALL of the treatments used for secondary infections. And one has high blood pressure. I have been told by some well meaning people that "people like me should just stay at home..." I guess eating is optional. But I was not too surprised, seeing as from the beginning, there has been b.s. saying that all would be fine because it was "only the elderly and immune compromised who would be seriously ill or die." So my family and I have been in the write-off sacrifice group from the beginning.   I have recommended your videos to so many people. Now I feel foolish. But, in my defense, who is left to trust if you can't trust a doctor?  Yes, I am salter than the sea that carried your stupid boat.  Do. Better.
This should be on your main channel
This has reached the news in Australia. Wow Dr Mike... just wow.
Thank you! i went back home too, i fall in the same low risk as you. so it shouldn't be a problem
Your shirt is making me uncomfortable
'
You've lost me as a subscriber.  Your hypocrisy is palpable.  While I trust the science, I don't trust you.  Bye
you think you’re better than other people. i mean that’s a fact. there’s no point in pretending that you don’t feel that way. i think being true to yourself, no matter how self-absorbed or selfish, is key to finding peace with yourself. that’s your first step
Props for having the courage to apologize and admit you messed up. And for what it's worth, I don't blame you for slipping up. This pandemic has been a huge strain on us all, and the temptation to do things that would normally be ok is something I think most of us struggle with, especially as this drags on and on. Also for what it's worth, you're always telling us doctors are humans too, but you're not really human unless you screw up every now and again, so you kind of had this coming :p. Anyways, I hope you see this and it reminds you that there are still those of us who will continue to look up to you for the positive messages and energy you share with the world.
You were the chosen one, Dr. Mike. We looked up to you
I'm no one to judge. People make mistakes. And Dr. Has save lives and he has the right to have atleast something special for his bday.
Are you trying to sweep this under the rug by not posting it on your main channel cause you’re afraid a lot of your subscribers don’t even know about this?
I see y'all asking why he didn't upload this on his main channel, but like, he literally made a community post linking it? That's how I found it Considering I see more community posts than actual videos from the people I watch regularly it seems to me he was trying to reach as many viewers as he could. Most viewers aren't subscribed for most channels and non subscribed viewers are more likely to see community posts than actual videos Yeah he messed up and that was horrible but he's taking responsibility here. No one can say they've never made a mistake. Being in a position of influence doesn't suddenly make you perfect. Just because he deals with COVID a lot doesn't mean he can't misjudge a situation I'm starting to wonder if I've had a chronic cough for a long time or something because I'm noticing how I've been coughing all year while not having COVID, but every time I cough nowadays I think about it and worry about it. I still have forgotten my mask a couple times. I'm unemployed so I don't go out much and I've managed to backtrack to go get it, but still I manage to forget it even when I'm constantly thinking about this pandemic. Meanwhile my parents have even had people over without masks, because it was a limited number and they knew no one had symptoms. They've since stopped having people over because they realised they weren't being smart about it, even though they're both incredibly intelligent people. The only difference is Mike is a public figure No, what he did wasn't right. But here he is owning up to it. Stop going all "cancel culture" as they say. Give him a chance to learn from this situation and not repeat his mistake. Imagine losing your job over one slip up after years of dedicated work...
This video was or is a big mistake.
It’s okay, I accept ur apology. Just don’t make it twice 👏
He made a mistake yes, but that dosent chage from the fact that hes human. We all make mistakes so why dknt we move on instead of hold grudges
Hypocrisy can't be forgotten
You were also wrong, Dr Mike, when you said there are health benefits to male circumcision when there are ZERO benefits to this cosmetic surgery forced on people against their will. You already admitted male circumcision can go horribly wrong (including infant deaths and castrations), yet you still said you won’t call male circumcision a mutilation. That oxymoron doesn’t make any sense.
wow another celebrity doing the opposite of what they preach, lol
To the people critiquing his apology and his actions: I’m pretty sure you’re not perfect either... give grace and spread love.
Because he knows that Covid is a hoax, and he's a "bad" paid actor playing a role , and he's been found out!!! He messed up his lines to instil fear to the people. Dr Mike hasn't even researched...he's no critical thinker, he's  following the NWO script! Covid has never ndergone Koch postulates to identify or isolate a novel disease. The PcR test is not a diagnostic tool to detect disease or infection, as confirmed by Kary Mullis the creator if the test. Masks cause disease...see Dr Tom Cowan...no one has died of Covid , it's always With ...a totally different scenario as all deaths no matter a heart attack, cancer etc are being labelled as covid deaths with an average age of 82 and suddenly cured the flu!!! All these NWO agents are sickening and have sold their souls for thirty pieces of silver!!!
Why didn’t you post this on your main channel?
Lmao.. mike=conspiracy theorist
Thank you for being so genuine and real!
You’re human. You’re allowed to make mistakes. Unfortunately you live life in a pretty public eye, and are subject to much harsher criticism than the rest of us. I’ll admit even I was extremely disappointed when I first found out, but the fact of the matter is you realize your mistake, you apologized, and you’re working on being better. You are human and you deserve kindness always, especially from yourself.
But like Why isn’t it on the main channel?
Dude, I'm so disappointed. This isn't even on your main channel and you're a literal doctor. It's not just about how healthy/young you are, it's also about keeping others safe. There's no excuse or justification for doing something so selfish and dangerous. You of all people should know better. I waited for your apology to give you a chance to explain yourself, but after watching this you've completely lost my respect.
You dont deserve to be hated. You're honest , truely honest. Every human makes a mistake. Some people really just dont understand. But i  think its ok to make mistakes. We're humans , not perfect.
We understand ❤️ thank you for sharing this with us
Guys at the end of the day we all make mistakes, we don’t know what is going on behind the scenes so forgive and forget.
It's not even the act of being on a boat without a mask with other people tbh, if he was just another influencer no one would care  It's the fact that HE said to not do exactly that, and then did it
This whole debacle has been particularly disappointing for me, I tried to distill why into seven points: 1. As a doctor he should have known better, even if no one was watching 2. As a role model with a large reach, he should have realised the visibility of his actions and the importance of setting the right example through his actions 3. He did the opposite of what he's been passionately advocating on his channel for months 4. He did something that suggests (or at the very least gives the appearance) he didn't consider the wellbeing of others 5. The action was seemingly not an impulsive one, nor was it for anything important 6. The apology was relegated to a secondary channel to mitigate impact 7. The apology had facts that were at least somewhat questionable (e.g. in one photo there were lots of people but it didn't seem they were all in the process of entering/exiting the water, their hair wasn't wet, but no one was wearing a mask).
I'm so sick of this. I'm so sick of losing respect for so many people. Like whatever, if you want to ignore guidelines to travel and party (well being a doctor!) but do NOT make another single video on coronavirus. We need to be listening to experts who practice what they preach.
Why is this not on your main channel? To me that says your a coward. You let a lot of people down and because of your hypocrisy and immaturity I don’t know if I can forgive you.
Chill out Dr. not a mortal sin!
You messed up but so many of us have too. I get that you’re a doctor and all but you’re also a human and those aren’t perfect so 🤷🏻‍♀️ we hope you learned from this situation and just keep going forward.   Also, the color of your shirt is so confusing.
Dr Mike must be under a lot of stress, being a doctor isn't easy. Nevermind juggling social media on top of that. He makes thousands of people smile everyday, and he spreads awareness on Covid. He educates us on our health and he makes us want to live better. He could've been satisfied being a doctor, but he wasn't. He wanted to help people, so he educates us via social media, he donates to charity and he gives us useful insight that makes our lives easier. He messed up, quite badly, but is his one slip up going to make his fans hate him? I really hope not, because Dr Mike is an awesome person. He is kind, loving, funny and caring. He makes time for his fans and he deserves better than for this one slip up to make people dislike him.
Dr.Fauci is gonna excommunicate you 🙏🏼 you disappointed that sweet tiny man.
You are just like those politicians. You tell people what to do but you don't actually do it yourself. People are so tired of being told to "Wear a mask at any time, wash your hands, don't do gatherings, you cannot see your friends, you cannot see your family for Thanksgiving or Christmas, blablabla" by the people in power.  Something is highly suspicious about this. You've been preaching about it since the beginning of the pandemic. Just like those politicians who told people to do Thanksgiving by Zoom meetings & actually flew out to see their families.  You think you are so important, you think only YOU matters. People are TIRED. Stop taking us for dumb sheeps that will blindly follow your "advices" from now on. Who's the fool now?
You went from Dr.Fauci levels of trust to Dr.Oz maybe even GOOP level.
He did a single one mistake and y'all shouting like he killed half of the earth by his hands. Yes he messed up. But he learned this lesson now. He is a human just like you, why are you so mean?
Cheesus, people, chill. He's a human, and his personal life is not mala praxis. He did something stupid? sure. He could have taken better care of himself and others? Yeah.  He still doesn't owe any single one of us anything. Much less an apology.
I believe in growth. I will, however, not turn a blind eye to this mistake. You have many people watching you that you can certainly influence. Thank you for immediately addressing this. And you're a human, you make mistakes but that doesn't necessarily justify what you did. Still, i hope you are safe and your patients. thank you for your service.
You didn't let anyone down, you're human.. humans make mistakes.
Bruh anyone not blind should've known he was fake from a long time ago. Dude really tried to pull the "I didn't know what I was doing at the time but now I'm a better person".
This should be on your main channel.
I kind of lost all accountability on you. Unsubcribed. You realize that your actions also did back up.those covid 19 conspiracy theorists
WOW,thank you for sharing this video,     I received the same     one from replicaclubs..ru three weeks ago,    delivery by EMS,great quality !!!!
Dr. Mike, do you know that you're so famous that even the news in Taiwan talking about this incident? Hopefully, you really learn your lesson. So many people trust you and subscripted your channel. They listen to you and follow your advice. Do you know how disappointed when they found out that you don't even do what you say?
Good enough for me! Keep it sexy 😜
Just know I still love you... and haters BACK OFF ( may sound weird that I said I love you, but people should not be saying bad things about you no matter what you did)  Hey someone liked it
I feel like you knew people would find out but you didn't care because you figured you could just make an apology video and it would all blow over.
Are we considering the fact that this man can afford to quarantine for weeks and also take multiple tests before he has any interaction with other people to avoid exposing anyone or are we dismissing all his previous accomplishments and canceling a historically reliable source of information and good faith because of a disingenuous apology? Someone tell me which vibe I'm supposed to have right now?
THIS is what you call an apology
It's okey. We all mess up. I forgive you :) as a viewer I m happy you owned it up. It's okey. Take care
You cant put up a democratic front and live like a republican. Choose a side lmao
Idc  weather  you  followed  anything . At  the  moment  I'm  seeing one single  friend not even on a regular basis. I celebrated my birthday with  2 ppl  and I still felt bad. But you deserve better I guess.
❤
No one is perfect, not me, not any of you, not Doctor Mike, not the CDC. Personally, for what’s it’s worth, I accept his apology. No judgment.
Don't take it to rough Mike. You went out and knew the risks, its your birthday and hope you enjoyed it. Its no different than someone having 15 members inside for thanksgiving, at least you were outdoors.
There are no standards of masks, and masks dont work if you use them twice or touch them, both of which are not and can not be reinforced. Social distancing should be the main focus, not masks....
This showed up in my recommended and I didn't even know you had a second channel. Put the video on your main channel, please thank you.
PewDiePie could've helped
Wear mask always. Thank you Doc, Stay safe and God Bless😇☺️
Sorry. You know you only care about boobs and butts and money,  fame and stupid "looks ". Are you really a practicing doctor? You would not have travelled AT ALL if you actually TREAT patients.  This apology is lame. Sorry. I used to like you, but the minute I saw your Instagram, I changed my mind. You seems to be so into your looks and superficial things. I know this sounds mean and judgmental.  Correct me if I am wrong, I will apologize and retract. Not that I matter to you in any way in the least.
Garbage apology. I really like your videos, but potentially spreading a deadly virus and then making excuses is unacceptable. Unsubbing and unfollowing from all of your social media. 👎
Does anyone else realize this isn't his first bout of hypocrisy? He says go to doctors for medical advice and acts like he's not saying his views are medical advice, then he gets paid for NOOM sponsorship.....
What exactly should have you done then? Just curious to hear what real action should of been appropriate in the situation you were in with your friends and family.
It's sad to see after everything thing he said and taught about covid I'm sorry but may the audience have mercy on your soul
I see a lot of people saying to post it on his main channel although he didn't he did post it to the community tab so subscribers to the main channel will have seen this
Why is this not on your main channel?
You're amazing. You know that. And this vídeo is the Proof. Kiss and be safe *
2:22 so...when people are watching?
youre only sorry because you got caught...
CANNOT UNRING THE BELL.
Social Distancing is hard to put in practice within a species that evolved primarily from social goals. I am a Dr. and I too am sorry. During the indian festivities, it was customary but also tradition to make your way home to your parents. Like you I live alone, Im young and at low risk. I am used to visiting my parents less often than most children but even I feel the sting of seperation from reality, too long from people you know and love. As an independant introvert however, covid does ironically serve ppl like me more however even then, I made my way home to my 60-70 plus aged parents. Still the ping of guilt will hit any dr especially a public one. For that I commend you and am here to tell you, i am with you, regardless of our wrong doings because like you said, we are only human and regardless of erroneous intentions, times are indeed bad. If we can come out of this standing tall shoulder to shoulder that is all I want in this world, Amen
Quick question: Is this Gavin Newsome with glasses? 🤓
Not hating, you gotta break the rules from time to time. Your one "mistake" is not that bad.
I REMEMEBER YOU SAYING THIS PANDENIC WAS JUST A FLU.. SOO... BE BOLD AND TELL PEOPLE TO STOP FOLLOWING THE GOVERNMENT. THEY ARE TRYING TO CONTROL US. AGENDA 2021.
Well I’m no longer supporting him. 1. He could have posted this apology on his main channel but didn’t. 2. He’s still practicing medicine. Is he going to go to work and not only risk getting other employees sick but also his patients or is he going to quarantine himself for two weeks.
Masks, except n95 don't work bro.  Sorry. Covid ain't that bad. Plus, the impact of shutting down is worse.
Because of people like you I missed my high school graduation, 18th birthday and I'm finishing my first semester of college online and just got the news that I'm doing the second online too, but you do you, I guess...
Your only human, you can’t be perfect! After you’ve reflected you have to forgive yourself 🥰
Who cares. People go about your lives.
Dr. Mike, I will not condemn you for going on a boat ride with your friends. One thing we have to remember is to be kind to others. Yes you said you went on a boat ride with your friends but I think as long as you didn't break the social distancing rule and kept the mask on and around, I think that is still you being safe.
There is no real science on this so called virus. Psuedo science, yes. Real science no. This a Plandemic to learn how people react to an actual virus situation. If this was real there would be military and national guard delivering food and medication to your door and you'd see body handling in hazmat coming to take the dead away. You've been lied to and these internet tricksters are furthering the vaccine agenda and the agenda to bring down countries till they are under full socialism because the industries have either stopped completely or have been affected as planned. AI will replac the human in the work place and if this is all to scary for you well life is scary and bad things happen get things prepared accordingly the Great Reset the WEF keeps talking about is just a cover term for the New World Order and the elites move to push everyone into micromanaged cities and make wild lands off limit from us "useless eaters".
I dunno. Maybe he wore a girl’s bikini as a mask. 😂😂😂
You should become a politician...
Just admit your a huge hypocrite
Rules for thee, rules for me.   Actions speak so, so much louder than words. You could have admitted you were in a "consensual relationship with Bear" and that would have been less disappointing than this.
The pandemic does not bring out the worst in people, it REVEALS the truth about a person.
People are over reacting... 🙄
Doc, no one is perfect and for many haters you have; there are many understandable people out here in this world. As long as you take responsibility, you will always have many respects.  Honesty and patience go a long way and you are great at what you do. The sincerity in your words holds true so chin up.   -from a nyc resident ❤️
I don't mean to hate but the sad truth is that he would have never made this apology video if he wasn't caught. It makes it hard for me to believe that this is 100% sincere. It's going to be hard for me to find Dr. Mike's advice reliable from now on as he doesn't practice what he preaches. I was hoping he was going to be different. You can't tell the public to stay away from celebrating the holidays with their families when he goes out and parties with his friends. Hopefully he learns from this.
Shoutout to Tyler Scamdemic, Crissy, Mustafa Malikzada and Blocked Videos for constantly copy pasting your comment in every single comment thread that interest you You guys are one heck of a bunch
I’ll stay happy and healthy not wearing a mask
Unsubscribed...  Man, what a let down...
Prolly Mike will not post any videos until the end of the year. You know, in case he went to another party HAHAHAHAHAH I can imagine him doing some secret Hannukah gathering
so i guess we all bring swimsuits to a family gathering during a pandemic huh
Bruh, I'm really disappointed. I trusted you during this pandemic. I remember you talking about videos of young people saying Covid-19 wasn't a risk for them. You messed up real bad. That's hypocrisy at its finest.
I honestly don’t know what happened. Can someone explain the situation more in depth?
So the birthday party in September was not enough? And neither were the guests on your chanel that one could never trust to follow Covid rules? You HAD to go to another boat party?
You paid a lot of money to go through college to be a doctor you should have been smart enough by that factor to say no to this and correct your friend.   The risk thing, those people there could easily have been going out to this party and have constantly broken quarantine and work around elderly or fragile people.  This is so fucking disappointing from not only someone aspiring to be a nurse but someone who used your videos for information and guidence from someone who has been through med school
Dr. Mike: "We need to wear our masks and quarantine."   Also Dr. Mike: "bOaT PArTaaaahY."
Lol I didn't even know he had this channel til I saw it on Def Noddles
A very good looking hypocrite.
Even Logan Paul made a better apology video.
Might want to redo the apologize video and put it on your main channel with a bit more planning, this one just dug you a deeper hole.
Never mind if thats the kind of people you like to hang out with I can't trust your judment
Everyone messes up, everyone takes calculated risks, sometimes influenced by peer pressure.  The apology is a bit stale though, and I get it, you have to be careful what you say.  But you KNOW that YOUR risk isn't the only risk that you need to keep in mind.  What if your party turned into a super spreader event?    Leave the apology at "I messed up and I really regret it" rather than "I calculated my risk but I still kinda messed up." And post on your main channel.
😒😒😒
Are you okay? You look like you were crying. 🥺
I would like to suggest the YouTube channel of Dr. John Campbell to anyone looking for honest, compassionate, clear and concise information regarding COVID -19. He presents the information in a manner that is easily understandable. Of note: Dr. Campbell begins his videos by giving viewers the bottom line about each topic in case they don't have time to watch the entire video (usually they range from 20 to 30 mins in length.) I wish he could be my doctor.
Y'all know he's only apologizing because he got caught right? If there was no evidence he never would have thought he did anything wrong.
Man you people are so unforgiving. This time has been hard on everyone and not everyone makes the best decisions. I get that he has been preaching one way and acted another, but he is still human. He has feelings and messes up just like you. Be nice.
Honestly, it's so disappointing, not even posting it on your main channel.
Don’t preach what you can’t or WON’T do...  Disappointed 😞
Dr. Todd Grande's analysis of this video is better than this video.
Never mind I just saw the party videos and pictures. Let me just say that it was very hypocrite from you to do what you did. Also you could've been more careful about and it looks like you didn't even try. I'm very disappointed. But you're a great Doctor and as long as you keep being the same caring doctor I think it'll be alright. Much love ❤❤❤
Another sad example of "rules for thee, but not for me"
Dr Mike you have a chosen to be a public figure. Not only so but you are a medical doctor. Both of these come with responsibilities. We are not holding you to a higher regard. We are holding you to the exact regard you have been preaching. Wear a mask. Socially distance.  A bikini-clad yacht party? Really?
You are a hypocrite and a water carrier for the NWO nothing else , we all know the China virus isn't that bad just like you know it .
This wasn't a "mistake". This wasn't "messing up".  It was a calculated, planned decision to fly in the face of what you preach, and frankly a bit of an ableist and elitist move when so many people who are not "young and healthy" are too terrified, or too poor, to take the same risks.
Only in this day-and-age would a doctor have to apologize for not wearing a mask on his private time away from work! I understand the implications of his returning to work unless he first isolated, but I guarantee many health professionals have done the same! He's guilty of being human, people! All those throwing digital stones have never made a mistake?!?!??!?! Problem with the internet, many are hypocritical!
Ok yes he should not have done what he did and it was dumb especially because of how much he has been saying stay at home and other things like that and a lot of people were saying there was 15 people and yes there was 15 people but theres a chance not everyone was on the  boat at once but we should not cancel him for this and we should not hate him but yes it was stupid for him to do the party but at least he admitted he was wrong a lot of people would not and he has been pounding the masks and quarantine but it is better then someone with 6 mill subs to say its all fake and we are all humans and make mistakes.And please respect people in the comments of the video or this coment if anyone see it
Decisions today have a death toll. Vaccines are only a few months away from taking that death toll risk away. The hard feelings of the epic burns and cheap shots people take when we're caught being human, those will keep multiplying. There's no vaccine, no medicine, for spreading hate. If you're tired, if you feel hard done by, if you look for some excuse to take it out on others, that's just human, too. The ones who apologize and work to be better, they're the ones who will come out ahead.. y'know.. if they survive, and haven't killed anyone along the way.
How many times have you said that health professionals using social media platforms need to be held to a higher degree of responsibility for what they put out there?
Not even on your main channel! Lucky I had BEAUTY COMMUNITY DRAMA CHANNELS to draw me to your fuckery and hypocrisy.
Dear Dr mike,  Put this on your main page and make it sounds more sincere and we'll talk.  - the chronically ill and more at risk people you shat on in that boat. . .
Another Newscum/Pelosi apology.. whatever hypocrite! You were just caught hence the force apology!
Please put this on your main channel.
I've spent most of this pandemic isolated at home, my husband too worried to let me go outside to do the grocery shopping because of my health conditions. But by all means, be that young, healthy person who risks getting Covid, gets an asymptomatic case and infects and kills someone like me.  You are YouTube's unofficial expert on this, what were you thinking so easily allowing yourself to be used to spread misinformation? This needs to be on your main channel, I'm so disappointed.
Lol Karens
Umm the video shows him practicing on a random chick... is that not something that could be reported to his regulatory college if he is practicing a medical procedure in a non-medical setting/on someone who isn't a patient, and probablu under the influence of alcohol? It may also be an ethical violation for not wearing a mask or social distancing.
Respect+
Yes.. please keep doing what you do. What is hurting us up here in Canada is we started out working hard to follow all guidelines/rules, and now we are all getting tired of it...  and now it is worse than ever, and I really want to visit my parents!!
The boat party being a "surprise" sounds suspicious to me.  Usually when people organise something so massive and expensive like a boat party, with so many guests, they would want to make sure that the birthday boy/girl can make it, rather than risk cancelling everything on the day itself and waste all the money.  I'm pretty sure Dr Mike knew about the boat party. It wasn't a surprise.
This was not an apology but a plea of innocence based off of false facts.
I hate the fact that he gets hate because he’s a doctor
Oh man, this was really disappointing. Dr. Mike, I love you, but what the hell. You were right, it totally harmed your medical message. I feel like my trust is broken. Being told to stay inside and those telling you to do so go out and party themselves, it makes you feel like a fucking idiot. It makes you feel like a number, not like a person. I'm disappointed that this isn't on your main channel either, it feels like an attempt at sweeping it under the rug. Im glad you took accountability, and you are human and allowed to make mistakes, but it feels like youre trying to pull a fast one here. I love you man, but this ain't it.  PS I do hope you're doing ok and taking care of yourself. The internet can be harsh, especially when you fucl up, so I hope that if youre struggling that you surround yourself with some good support
I guess you will run for the next Governor for California or New York Huh? Dr. Mike (Gavin) Clips (Newsom).  I think you will be a GREAT fit
So stupid. He needs to tell the truth. Covid isn’t as big of a deal as people are making it out to be.
You guys are acting like you guys have not messed up. He messed up 1 time and he is admitting it. I know for a fact that most of the people coming at him have not been following the guidelines. You guys mess up 10 times and no one comes at you. He messes up once and now you guys are mad. Like he said he was sorry
bruh I was gone for like 6 months on his channel and he already got canceled?
. . .maybe explain to everyone? (M a i n   C h a n n e l ?)
This is why I continue to support you. You consistently give us information and the truth. You take responsibility for your actions.
A lot of us looked up to you Dr.Mike, but with this situation I don’t know how to feel. You’re a doctor, you should do what you preach, you should know better. You got to go party on a boat, I couldn’t even travel to go to a family member’s funeral. It’s a bit of a slap in the face especially since you didn’t even post this on your main channel. Actions speak louder than words. It’s gonna take a lot for you to gain your viewers’ trust again.
People need to get live. Mike just don’t post pictures. People way to sensitive and will always be mean.
But why isn’t this on your main channel? This really alters my view of you
Can we get an apology for working with Noom now too?
Dr. Mike, I respect you as a doctor and a person, but I’m appalled at this type of behavior. Especially when it really seemed like you were trying to model for your viewers what behavior they should be exhibiting during this time. I am incredibly disillusioned by this pandemic. I really wonder why I bother with the guidelines sometimes, especially when I see so many others saying “screw it” and do what they want. They think we don’t want to live life normally? But reality unfortunately is what is, and I have two wonderful parents who are in the high risk category who are worth more to me than a party or going to the bar. No one expects you to be a god or be perfect, Dr. Mike, but I thought you were above partying during a pandemic, at the very least... I salute you for your efforts in educating us and dedicating your life to the health and wellness of others, but I’m also so sad to see this. Even so, I hope you and the friends you were with are well. None of us are perfect, I think we’ve all made some pretty bad mistakes in handling the pandemic...
I just find it fascinating that he says he might make mistakes in the future, and then instead of saying something along the lines of "and do my best to not indulge in certain leasures". Rather says he will continue to learn from his mistakes. Dude your a doctor you should 100% know better.
Everyone has messed up at least once during the pandemic with social distancing. Dr Mike is human too. It was a private event and not some night club with tons of people.
Dr Mike if your friends jumped off a cliff , would you do it too ?
This cancel culture is so toxic ew
Oh sweet Dr. Mike everyone needs a break I get it. You did not plan on the surprise boat. You are the best and everyone makes not great decisions sometimes. We all want a break and want to see our family. I do not hold it against you. Those pouncing on your choice were just waiting for someone to attack and I'm sorry it was you.
It’s kind of disappointing, that you, a doctor, went to another state and COVID cases are spiking. Do better. You’re contradicting yourself, Mike.
My kids and I have been home since March because we have conditions which make us higher risk for complications of COVID-19. I quit my job to protect my family and my patients the day my community recorded our first case. My kids are learning virtually, and they weren’t allowed to be in marching band and soccer this year. They haven’t seen their father in a year. You partying with a bunch of women on a boat is disgusting...especially for a doctor. You have lost all credibility with me, and I’ll never watch your channel again. A doctor with good judgment never would have done this, or issued such a bs apology.
People seems to forget that doctor mike is just 30 years old. He’s human and he will make mistakes.   This is a GIANT mistake on both the pandemic situation and his own reputation, and gives the ammunition for the anti maskers to make the pandemic worse. There is no excuse for it.  But he’s human and he admit this is a mistake. So instead of attacking him and call him names, let him learn from his mistake. Every single person make mistakes before, that’s how we grow
So you are a Doctor Who is trying to give advice as me as a respiratory therapist the nurses and the actual critical care doctors are risking our lives every single day being stuck in the Covid ICU for the last almost year. I haven’t seen my mother in almost a year because of this and because I am stuck working with these people and risking my life every day I have not seen my family! But you some have the nerve to profit off giving advice about something you are now claiming to not have a proper understanding of!!! You have the nerve to do this while all of us have to have conversations every day about people not being able to go home to their family about how they probably have a less than 1% chance of surviving and having any quality of life after what’s happening with all of us are understaffed we have more patience then we have rooms and people to care for them right now The fact that we are running out of actual life support ventilators to put these people on!!! How dare you!!!
All of you insult him in the comments sections barely wash your hands twice a day and lots of you don’t even wear the mask properly. You are going to criticize someone who has been saving lives for a living because of a mistake he made ? As if none of you have made mistakes. He even took precautions AND is apologizing. What else do you want from a human being ? A little compassion here You guys clearly just like shitting on an internet celebrity because you guys like the gossip Were all human, we make mistakes and the best of us apologies  ✌🏽
This pandemic means we have to live more carefully. It doesn't mean we stop living. You took a much deserved vacation and took precautions. Everyone needs to unwind
Cut this guy some slack/Even the most brilliant among us make mistakes.  Judge him from this point forward, Just as we would like after screwing up.
Would love to see this on the main channel, and with less “lol I was actually following the rulez”.   I mean. The apology is appreciated but, with love, *this ain’t it*. Big fan of the channel but this really ain’t it.
This weirdo is a robot your fake please stop shut down your program..🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑
You have become the very thing you swear to destroy
Don’t act like y’all in the comments haven’t gone out once since this started.
It was nice to see him have a great time boating. Inspired me to go have fun at the beach this weekend with my friends.
Thanks for your honesty.  We all screw up.
Thanks for not fake sobbing!
If the CDC told you to stick your Weiner in a light socket, would you do it??
Wow super disappointing. Can't even own up to it on the main channel. Told us to mask up and be safe even if we're young. Unsubscribed and upset.
Dr Mike.  He's not a good doctor but he pretends to be one on Youtube.
I don't mind he went on a boat with friends... But why isn't this on his bigger channel?
You’re the east coast Gavin Newsom
Disssssaaaaaapointedddddddddddd.............
I know it's his personal private life, but seeing Dr Mike choose to celebrate his 31st birthday on a yacht surrounded by women in bikinis just makes him look trashy.
We can't go back in time. We have all done, and probably will do, things that we wish we could do different. You are human, and we should be human, and support you, as you have supported us when we come to you for support. Thank you for everything you have done for so many people, for your patients, for charities, for others, and for us, for informing us, for helping us, and for making us laugh. You too will soon be laughing. "גַּם זֶה יַעֲבֹר‏"
I'm disappointed and torn between viewing you as bad or good.  First: This should have been posted as a video on your main channel. When making an apology, you should choose to do it where more people can see it. That way, your acknowledgment of your wrongs would be shown more publicly. On the other hand, I can imagine comments that are all like: "You're just attention-seeking." or something else of the sort if you were to post it on your main channel, so I'm not sure about that.   Second: While yes, your getting on the boat could have been acting on impulse, your traveling to Miami, was not. I'm not happy about that. My grandparents in China are old and are on their last legs. I would give everything to see them in person one more time, but I don't go, even though it could be the last time I ever see them. Yes, obviously, China had the greatest numbers at one point, but my point is, you chose to go to a densely populated city for seemingly no reason and chose to party. Once again, this could be explained away as wanting to have fun, but, like you said, it was extremely irresponsible and never should have done. I have had times where I know that I shouldn't do something, but still plan it anyway, and still carry it out, and then regret silently until someone finds out, so I know the feeling. The issue now is that your actions hurt a lot more people than my silly ones about buying too many things or something.   Third: Your apology sounds very scripted. This isn't necessarily a bad thing unless it was something that someone wrote for you for damage control. If I were to issue an apology video (I hope I will never have to do something like that), I would also be scripting my reply because I find it much easier to organize my thoughts if I write them on paper. It would lead to a more cohesive video instead of nervous stammering and cuts. Then again, if it's scripted, certain feelings can be faked, so it seems very insincere.   Fourth: You only apologized because you got caught. I agree here. But once again, I don't know if I would consider this a bad thing or a neutral thing. On one hand, apologizing only because you got caught can seem like damage control and can seem like you don't really care about what you did. On the other hand, no one knows what was going on inside your head. Like I said in my second point, I've done things that I planned for, despite knowing they were horrible ideas and still carried through with them. I also didn't apologize right away, and I wouldn't have apologized unless I got caught. I can't stand criticism (and yes, I recognize that I could have avoided some criticism if I apologize right away) to the point that if I even get the slightest amount, I get sent into an anxious and depressive state for several days at a time. Just because I don't apologize until I get caught doesn't mean I don't regret what I did. I usually do, and I spend the many, many days after that constantly regretting what I did. So that's another thing I'll have to give a pass on.   Overall, I'm still very disappointed. I understand that you're human, and that you make mistakes, but I don't know if I'll ever be able to trust you completely after this. The research and rules you put out are very valid and do help. However, I just really hate that you weren't able to follow through with them with all of us. I thought we were in this together, but I don't know anymore. I'm sorry Dr. Mike
Cool doc but go ahead and post this on the main channel too👍🏽
Seriously? I'm  a caregiver and I have Covid. I did everything I could to avoid it, but working in Healthcare,  we know the risks. You are irresponsible have shown a lot of people that it's fine to evaluate the risks like you did. And you won't even post on your main channel. BTW, no one is using you. They are just pointing out what you did. Thanks for making things much harder for us who are doing the actual work. Your example just shows that truly no one cares. Your apologizing because you got caught.
He is human....doctor or not everyone makes mistakes 🙄🤦🏽‍♀️
You evaluated that your personal risk is low and decided to break lockdown. Guess what, nothing wrong with that, but what’s messed up is that you criticize others for doing the same. And unlike you, not everyone is able to pay their rent being stuck in their house for a year. Hypocrites like you make me sick.
Right...let’s find more excuses for not wearing a mask. Not only you but also your friends are just pathetic! You as a physician should have known better that millions of people have died and you just cared about you, your friends and your money! Shame on all of you!
Post this on your main channel. This is cowardice, and damage control.
if you were sorry you'd done it then you wouldn't have done it in the first place. you're just sorry you got caught.
Does no one realize he’s apologizing even after saying he followed the CDC guidelines and was being safe? and that he admitted to his own mistake and is going to learn and do better from it? Even though he’s a doctor he’s still human and is going to make mistakes, being a doctors doesn’t make a person perfect...
The whole situation feels kinda dumb. Yeah you made not a great decision like the rest of the United States. I went to my sisters birthday party and felt super guilty the whole time. Felt like not a sincere apology, but at the same time I don’t think you have much to apologize for. Until the US gets better at leading us through this ... you’re gonna keep having people doing these types of things.
Why are you so concerned with this guy’s life?? I understand this situation can be scene as very hypocritical but he knows that he messed up and literally says he needs to do better. All those people on the boat knew the risks. People are free to take their own risks. He lives alone. Give him a break, stay safe, and protect yourselves.
"I am sorry for growing my fame over your fear and your misery, folks. It's just, you know, I thought about it, and since I'm privileged, I thought I can enjoy myself at a party while you all suffocate under my recommendations. I am sorry. I won't do it again." Thanks, Dr. Mike!
This is like an obese doctor giving you a hard time about being over weight
Sure. Online school has taken a toll on my mental health. I've lost my job, and an internship. It was my 16th birthday. I celebrated it on Minecraft with two other friends. I've been so fucking depressed, gained 20 pounds from it, and I haven't been able to step outside of my house since march(except for essential stuff) because all of my family members have multiple serious conditions. So do I. I'm one of the luckier ones. Millions have filed for unemployment. Going without food. Many people are sick and suffering from debilitating long term issues from covid. I am grateful for what I have but many others have it so much worse.   You are a hypocrite. You are a doctor. You preached calm and rationale. Told us to stay inside as much as possible. Yet here you are. Wow.
Im young and healthy and and yet I had to go the hospital three times with Covid complications, so why on earth are you using as an excuse for what you did? You know being young and healthy doesn't safeguard you from this? You're a complete disappointment, in your actions and words. Post this on your main channel and face the consequences of your actions.
unsubscribing from the main channel. we get that you're human who can make mistakes just like the rest of us, I can't take the excuses though. you could've simply said you're sorry instead of telling us how you checked this and that.
I dont get all the negative comments ...he is really sorry so why u need to be so shitty to him?
Oof. Still mostly like this guy for the majority of his work on youtube. But big oof. Nobody’s perfect, appreciate you addressing this. Would’ve preferred it on your main channel
Dude i think you are wrong now, after the apology, if you keep the recommendations is ok, maybe is not ideal, but we all need some time for us and our people. By this i dont mean do it every day or every week, what im saying is that you just needed a time out the situation... The thing is while you understand you shall not do it again or better not do it again, people think well that time i went out i didnt get infected, so its ok and its not. Im bad at explaining myself so i will be clear.  Its ok you followed guidelines and recommendations, even when you needed a timeout(like everyone who needs one should do, but they dont) so while is not perfect behavior, is imo ok to do it once every month to release that stress, following guidelines and recommendations strictlyso dont be this hard on yourself.
He messed up and he learned from his mistakes. We are all human and we all make mistakes. The big this here though is he knows that he made a big mistake and that he learned from it. So let’s be easy on him I am not saying that we need to act like he did nothing wrong what I am saying is that he made a mistake and let’s acknowledge that and move on.
🤡 the rules you show state 8 adults. the photos show more than 8 people. were there underage girls on the boat or are you incapable of counting? if you’re not even going to be honest when you “admit you’re wrong” why bother?
Post this on your main channel Don't give excuses Own your mistakes and show your regret with ACTIONS  ps: no hate, I'm just someone who's dealing with serious depression due to following strict covid rules plus its financial toll, who lives with a 88-year-old grandmother who couldn't say goodbye to her sister and who really looked up to you. Sorry isn't just enough.
2020 the year everyone is sorry about something they did or said.
Suddenly you’re not hot anymore 🤭☹️
Kinda speaks alot about what kind of person you are if your circle of friend surprised you with a boat filled with women during a pandemic.
Imagine being an actual coward 😂 Post to your main channel with 6+ million subscribers and hear the real feedback.
Now I can’t help but wonder if Dr. Mike has done stuff like this before and just hasn’t gotten caught... it sucks that I have to wonder that now😢
I rarely comment, but thank you for taking responsibilty for the impact for your actions!
No. I refuse to be fooled! Your doctor and you know what’s going on, you knew what you did and yet you still did it. I bet $5 you didn’t do such research. Your making excuses you can say sorry all you want, but actions speak louder than words!
This is exactly how corrupt politicians, drug dealers, scammers, money launderers, wall street insiders, pretty much ALL THE SCUMBAGS rationalize their behavior and premeditated actions, they regret NOT what they did but that they got caught! This is exactly the same as money managers that advise you to buy certain securities while they are selling exactly those same securities. Buddy, you got busted. You don't see us as Patients, you see us as Patsies, you laugh at us while you party up. We see your true colors now. Milk us as views for revenue and profit. Shame!
Everybody is so quick to judge!  Always ready to criticize!  We are all humans!  I’m sure he is not the only who spent time with other people without a mask on!  Yeah some of you will say, “I was with friends and/or family!”  Well, unless those people were in complete isolation, then it’s the same thing!  Remember, we still have to make the best decision for our own selves!  Get the information and apply it to yourself!  Do your own research!  What he does in his private time is his business as much as yours!  Would I stop listening to him over this?  Hell no!  It will be stupid!  I can still think for myself and make the best decision for myself!  Can you?  It’s your choice!  Move on!
WTAF? Isn't this a doctor that's currently treating patients there is the US??? Well, thank God we have science, because with this kind of humans we would be fucked up for good.
Aaaaaannnd, it gets worse. Here I thought this was bad enough. NOPE. Allow me to explain. Almost a day ago, I posted a comment about this situation (kind of a long winded one) and said that he should be ashamed. It got 2 likes and no comments. "So what" you may ask, "what did you expect?" Well, I expected more. Why? Because as an experiment, I reposted the comment about 12 hours later, when the video had made its way farther down the trending page and was receiving less attention. That repost received over 100 comments and 5 replies in half the time it took the other to get just 2. Could this be coincidence, maybe. But I decided to check. A few hours after I posted the original comment, I went looking for it in an incognito window. I went to the time when I posted it by sorting the comments. Low and behold, there was nothing. I went a full HOUR farther back than I originally posted it, I went over it all again, and I even refreshed the page 3 times. The comment still showed up on my channel, just not on this one. Maybe it was a content filter? Nope. There was a sum total of zero words that would normally trigger a bot, even a sensitive one. This leads me to only one conclusion. THIS JOKER IS DELEATING COMMENTS!!!!!! If your comments have been deleted or you suspect as much, comment below. If you want to double check me, I posted my original comment one day ago, according to the log. Cheers!
I don’t know how I feel about this anymore. I really looked up to you and appreciated you being a credible source of information. Now, I don’t even know if I want to watch more of your content.....This is just not cool, man.
Never heard of this guy. But from the 60 seconds I listened it's clear he got busted for some sort of hypocrisy, per the usual of these narcissists. And now here's his PR pseudo-apology for getting caught. Thank you, next...
Disappointed, but not surprised. Your TRUE character came out and now you’re trying to re-coop before your profit margin lowers. Typical.
On a person to person level, I understand how this happened. We all cope differently & you’re in a privileged enough position to do this. But I am so disappointed you let yourself be photographed. I really like your content & recently FINALLY trusted you enough to subscribe & now I feel like a fool. I’m disappointed you didn’t think of the impact and I am disappointed this is on your second channel.
Guys, he is friends with Chuck Schumer. That says it all. Hypocrites mingle with fellow hypocrites.
Tbh while i think it looks(and is) bad that you went against your own advice, this is nothing compared to the behavior of others. You are human and made a less than ideal choice ... But that is all. People should not be making this more than what it is.
Society is so freak'n scared of stepping out of line rn it's stupid
I’m confused. What did he do wrong? Did he make a post somewhere explaining it? Was it going on the boat or am I missing something else?
He never apologised one his main Channel ? Why scared people will hate on him because is true for a Doctor that was a dump move
I used to really trust him, not so sure now...
Eye roll 🙄
Wow none of you have ever made a mistake? Yes, he's in the spotlight but he's not a robot! Show some grace and give him some room to be human
So basically, he's saying it's ok cuz he did all of the checks?
You know if you trust your friends and if your local laws allow I thinks its fine to be with friends now no offense you were with a lot of people but it was all of yalls choice and that is fair
Red rover, red rover, Doctor Mike’s career is now over
Too many excuses in an apology.
You can be forgiven as a human, but not as a doctor and/or the person you portray yourself as on your channel. Shame on you and remind me not to trust the likes of you again.
Post this on your main channel coward
As a person who has been working near the front lines at a senior home for the majority of the pandemic, I understand wanting to go out and let everything go. It’s beyond stressful, depressing, and anxiety ridden. But it is work that needs to be done to ensure the safety and lives of others. This does not give room for excuses. I have not gone to a restaurant, movie, public event, gone to visit family, etc., since March to ensure the safety of others, especially those I work with daily. I don’t have a media outreach to tell people these things. Health professionals, especially doctors, who do have this media presence and do not follow what science is telling them are doing harm and therefore are going against their Hypocratic Oath. A less than 5 minute apology is not going to help those who will now be indirectly harmed or killed by these actions. Let that ego go and go help the ones that really need it. Let those who are on the front lines have a break and take their spot. If you consider your risk low enough to go on a trip at the start of the 3rd spike, you should go and help your fellow healthcare workers who are more likely to have complications or die so they can also have the chance to do the same as you.
This "apology" is pathetic, i don't think i can trust anything that this guy says anymore
He nose sounds stuffed up already 😒
EXCEPT this is on a channel with SO MANY less eyes... I expected better from you. I work in Radiology.  I want to be back to a normal life too.  Don't you think we all want to do NORMAL or even fun things 'safely' as possible!?
Can the dude not have fun geez, he followed the guide lines the hell... he can’t have fun because he “represents” and pushes certain guide lines—people have to chill. Use your common sense! Bro has a life. Like the millions of people who just had thanksgiving with their family. PEOPLE ARE DOING THEIR BEST! STFU, drink water, stay informed, wear masks, AND MIND YOUR OWN FUCKING BUSINESS.     Sorry, rough day.
Should of posted it to your main channel.
“Some bad people are using my screw up to attack the science” - well, you betrayed the science in the first place.
The fact that politicians and influencers don't follow their own covid rules/guidelines/suggestions tells you exactly what you need to know about this pandemic
Mike, forget the haters. Haters gonna hate.
the fact that thi is not in the main channel
If you were on the boat and then realized there was more than 10 people, just get off the boat. Risking your health and job all to party with some girls on a boat is not a great look, especially not for a doctor. The fact that you posted this on your second channel is making me cringe, because you cant just open up to your main channel and go "Hey, I did this. And I'm sorry." Doctor Mike, you're LITERALLY a doctor. You shouldn't have let this happen.
Instagram thotties will make a man feel invincible LOL.
Broke that Hippocratic oath yo
Your only apologizing because you got caught.
I have worked so hard (very proud of myself btw) to not get sick this past fall semester at college. I have worn my mask dutifully EVERYWHERE I go in public and have stayed at home 99% of this pendemic aside from grocery shopping and college. I had my Paris 2020 study abroad trip cancelled (which I'll NEVER get that opportunity again), and I haven't left my home state NOT ONCE to travel to parties or holidays since MARCH when this pendemic started. I have been slowly losing my mind over this pendemic, but I've selflessly persevered. But to hear that you went out and had a grand ole time partying really makes me upset because I thought that we were "all in this together." This video is PROOF that this pendemic does not extend to privileged, cheating, selfish, preachy rich people who have this immunity complex about them. I'm exhausted and disappointed in you and so many others like you, Mike.
The last person I expected :/ Why isn’t this on your main channel? You’re soooo sorry :/
Do you realize that, as an ambassador for those in medical professions, your actions have just delegitimized and downgraded those who practice medicine everywhere? I have watched you for so long as an example of a doctor who tries to inform others on the benefits, limitations, and realities of medicine. When you blatantly ignore the very things you preach, however, you strengthen the argument against doctors and against science. I can accept that it was a mistake, and I can forgive you. But I’m worried about the damage this caused for the medical field.
Your public image is not a priest. You’re a healthy, attractive, successful young doctor who is trying to balance your responsibility and your private life. You are enough Mike. You don’t need to set yourself on fire to keep others warm. Enjoy your free time. Make your choices and those of us who sub to enjoy your content will continue to do so. The toxic nature of YouTube commenters is not going to change so push forward and don’t second guess giving good advice b/c some keyboard hero may post something mean.
This is disgusting, he is now just another one-percenter influencer. Only after views and money, he is using us, he does not care about us. His apology is a lie, and make no mistake he will continue to lie and only say sorry when he is caught.
My sister is a nurse. She’s young, she’s healthy, she follows CDC guidelines. But she can’t go to Florida and get on boat ride. Why? because I’m immunocompromised. This really hurt 😞. Because now ppl won’t believe the science anymore. You had a big responsibility, that might I add no one asked you to do. You choose to speak out about COVID. I just never thought you would do this. I mean you know how bad things are and you couldn’t just say; no thank you guys. Your friends should have understood. I’m sorry Dr. Mike you’ve hurt ppl like me. You keep going on 🚣‍♀️. You just gave us the biggest F@*&# off.
The only thing you did wrong was apologizing for doing a normal thing after telling normal people for months not to do those normal things. Enjoy the parties...just don't tell others not to do the same thing
People in the comments out for BLOOD! Dude is human and was outside....on a boat...with a few people. As an adult he made a decision for himself. It’s not like it’s a politician, who doesn’t believe the science, tells people what to do then completely does the opposite. NO! This is a Dr...who respects and understands the science, who made an adult decision for himself. I also work in the medical community, the least respected by the why...pharmacy...I wear my mask, I wash my hands, I keep hand sanitizer near by....and after being in quarantine for 9 months I decided to eat out! I wasn’t inside, I was outside in a make shift seating area with two other couples who weren’t in my party. Was I nervous? Yes. Was it a calculated risk? Yes. Was the food worth it? It was that night. And it felt nice to kinda feel normal and help keep a business in business. Those restaurants workers need work too. What I’m saying is....leave Dr. Mike alone. Good gravy. Be thankful for what you have, take advice that’s good for you, and calm down.
He literally owned up to it lol what else do you morons want
I didn't even know this channel exists. Why does it? I mean I understand the numbers game and getting monetized on two different channels but is there another reason?
Thank you Dr. Mike for that beautiful message. You're an incredible person and the love and kindness you have in your heart for your patients, family and friends is so endearing. The world is such a crazy place right now as I struggle through anxiety and depression during this pandemic but blessed to have family and friends that love and support me and a therapist I enjoy speaking with once a week. I try to keep all this in perspective Doctor and as a post transplant patient I am still blessed to wake up every morning with a purpose and reason. NEVER underestimate why you're here and the work you do. Although we never met...I am honored and blessed to call you friend. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE and your committment to the human spirit. You are loved😊👍
.... I don't know whether to be just disappointed or mad bc i would expect this FROM ANYONE. Like i expect this from the president and that does not phase me at all.  But from you of all people. You had to be at the bottom of that list like i never even considered you. Dude, there are ppl out here are STRESSED OUT that they can unknowingly endanger their love ones LIVES especially young ppl! And yes you are young.... But you're a doctor as well like you're meeting patients????  Like m'dude. Why? Like whyyyyyy.  I understand that you're human and I'm not going to try getting on my high horse here and say that you should be immune from mistakes. But my guy. Why?  What's even worse here is that you didn't post this on your main channel. No, i heard this news from Scarce, a YouTube news channel. Like my guy when I saw a picture of you in that video my reaction was "HEY IT'S DR. MIKE! :D  Uh oh. D:"  Posting this video on your second channel where it's TINY compared to your main channel just waters down your apology so much. Like you probably mean it because you apologise for this and acknowledged the situation, but you also didn't put this on your first channel because reasons????? Like if you're afraid of losing subscribers or losing reputation or credibility as a doctor... Let me say this that it's too late that. The moment that picture was posted online is when everything went downhill.  You say that you feel horrible that ppl are using your actions as an excuse well guess what better put on those big boy pants and post this video on the main channel. I would have respect if you decided to put yourself out and risk everything just to say "Hey, what i did was fucked up. But don't go against the guidelines." I mean you still do it here in this channel than putting a tweet out but... 😞 I'm disappointed
Rich Jews gonna rich jew
Thank you for this Dr. Mike.  Not easy, but a great example in many ways.  Addressed appropriately, appreciate your humility and honesty.  Thankful you are healthy moving forward.👌🏻
To be fair, I feel like covid is being used for nefarious purposes. I’m not saying it isn’t a real issue, I’m saying 2 things can be true at once.
Yeah well life is risky take precautions.
People make Mistakes, nobody's perfect. Stop with "this should be posted on his Main channel". Stop creating more problems,this World has already enough of that
Oh no Dr. Mike wants to actually live a little and have a bit of fun to take his mind of the stress of work oh shame on him. Y’all, you can go out and do stuff occasionally just make sure if you do everyone is safe. You don’t have to stay inside bundled up in 4 different hazmat suits 24/7. I don’t understand why this is apparently the worst thing ever and we have to follow the *guidelines* to a tee, it’s a guideline to reduce risk but still allows you to go and do stuff.
Disappointing.
Unsubscribed :/
Arrogant privileged narcissist
I’m so disappointed 😔 and why isn’t this video on your main channel? I didn’t know you had a second channel. I know this pandemic has been hard on everybody but isn’t your brand ‘stay healthy’??? Yes, you’re young but there is also young people dying. And you treat patients, high risk people 😩😩 I can’t. Put this on your Main channel and earn our respect back.
wtf happened on your trip dude!   im in the freaking dark hair
You're being too hard on yourself. You've already set a great example on how people should keep themselves safe.
He just made a mistake. We all make them. I'm still here doctor mike.
I’m half your age and not a doctor and know better
Where you've messed up the worst is in siding with Fauci.  That's the only reason why you have egg on the face now.  I used to like you and now... About risk: you live alone but, you are a doctor and are seeing people who are already debilitated.  You lost face!  (go thank your Fauci)
Yo post this apology on your main channel, your viewer deserve that!
WAIT....Your kind of birthday presents are "A BOAT"  WTH dude! I'm lucky if I get a card
I do appreciate the apology but this really belongs on your main channel.  Disappointing.
I’m extremely high risk/my body can’t properly oxygenate itself and is shutting down. I can’t imagine what will happen if I get covid. My “bf’s” direct coworker went to work with symptoms, after a week of vacation bar-hopping carelessly, and of course was positive for Covid. My bf believes, because he doesn’t have symptoms (it’s been just 4.5days), it’s impossible that he has it. When I threw what seemed like 100 facts backed by science/CDC, he said it’s all BS, because even scientists in the field and people from the CDC have been found out and about around people and without masks. Small-minded people will easily use a persons mistake to sway them, disregarding facts so quickly. All this said, I really appreciate this. It’s unfortunate that people lacking intelligence have used something like your trip, or other figures, as “proof” that the virus is fake/no big deal. It puts the lives of people like me in serious risk. (It’s not your fault at all though, it’s those with low IQs, to put it kindly)
This ridiculous self aggrandizing “apology“ is the exact fear mongering and hatred being sewn by the divisive left wants us to be canceled cultured out that wants to have a complete total control over everyone and is using social media influencers to propagandize their political bullshit. Dr. Mike I disagree with you on vaccines but have otherwise saw you is pretty professional. Until now. For somebody who preaches the importance of mental health, being socially isolated from family, friends, normal work, normal social situations is far more damaging than the 1.6% mortality rate of this so-called pandemic bullshit. This is nothing but fear mongering and touting oneself to be better than another
Some of the people in these comments need a lesson on grace and forgiveness. Doctors are people struggling to understand how to handle this pandemic, too. We are all only human.
You made a dumb mistake, as you frequently point out in this video. What you did was irresponsible and I can only hope you learner from it.  But at the end of the day, we've all done stupid things we've later come to regret and we are all flawed human beings. I still see your channel as a legitimate source of information - even if you've failed to act on it in this instance.  I'll continue watching your content but seriously, you can't do something stupid like this again. Not only does it out others at risk, it shows you lacking in principle and gives strength to those demented conspiracy theorists who are constantly sharing false info regarding this pandemic and other health issues.
You're ugly inside out. Enjoy your 15 seconds of fame.
I respect you for this apology.
The said thing is that Asia has known for years that masks work...USA is too egotistical to admit this until recently.
Fake apology, he’s only sorry he got caught, he’s trying to do some damage control, buddy, you blew it 😷 Now, I wonder who posted (leaked) those photos on social media? 🤔😆
Who cares? If you want to visit your dad, do it. If you want to be on a boat with a few friends, do it.   The only way we get through the pandemic with any sense of sanity is to take reasonable precautions and recognize risks. Seems like you’ve done that. Who cares what other people think?
Oh not you Dr. Mike 😩😩 you of all people should know better.
Huh what, wait, what happened?
It was a fucking yacht  you have to be the change u wanna see in the world YOU GO TO THE GYM WTF DUDE that is supper dangerous and a bad example POST ON YOUR MAIN CHANEL. apologize on main and then I will forgive you
You know It's sad to see that everyone is whamming on Dr. Mike when he admitted his mistake. He gives valuable information and he is still human. I'm glad that he had the courage to acknowledge that he did wrong. Please don't trash him over this
Why is this not on your main channel? Lmao
Unsubscribed from both channels. Horrible apology. Not even on your main channel dude?
STOP BEING MEAN GUYS, HE’S HAD PLENTY OF HATE ALREADY!!!!
Yeeesh dr mike. I'm a huge fan but this was dodgy and evasive. No accountability and not on your main channel. 😬😬😬😬
All of this apologizing to the public doesn’t matter in the least bit. Doctor Mike isn’t going to lose any subscribers whatsoever, he isn’t going to see any dips in his YouTube income or lose any views on his videos so all of this apologizing is irrelevant but of course people are still going to support garbage like this and here in a couple of days everyone will forget so not sure why you’ve made a video in the first place, people will still watch and support you no matter how bad you messed up
*plandemic
Everyone in here acting like they haven’t made a single mistake since March. Although it was definitely a poor choice and is giving me kardashion island trip vibes in how out of touch it seems to be, I can’t even say I wouldn’t do the same given the opportunity. We’re all tired and struggling and wishing for normal to return. Be kind.
Kim there’s people that are dying
The left is so full of hypocrisy. If Trump did something like this the media would be just pounding him nonstop
A "doctor" preaching that a mask protects someone from a so-called "virus" is proof no one should go anywhere this fool. What is killing this idiot most is CO2 poisoning. What a tool.
I dont do negative. Im not gonna judge. Who am I to judge you? I wont be surprised if i see more negative replies to what im gonna say but here it is anyway.  Dr Mike, you made a mistake. Which every human does. And than you owned up to it. Thank you for that. Im not belittling the danger that could have come from the situation. But im not about to judge on something I'll never know all the details too.  Please dont stop making content. Please keep sharing your knowledge and humour with us. We are in a society where everyone expects better of others and not of themselves. And everyone thinks that if you are famous, somehow you should be god. But you're human. And humans make mistakes. I appreciate all i have learned from you and i look forward to learning more. Stay happy and healthy Dr Mike. You still have people in your corner.
I appreciate this, but I don't feel you need to justify to anyone , anything you do! You're allowed to enjoy yourself and enjoy you're time.
Why didn't you put this video on your main channel?! In my eyes you have no credibility left.
Made a bad choice.... move on. Life goes on.
But why isn’t this in your main channel? Why not reach more people with this information? You have a comparatively smaller following on this channel. It doesn’t seem genuine :/
Such a shame
According to CDC Covid survival rate is over 99%. Bet you haven't mentioned that eh? You'd prefer to make others continue to live in fear and depression while you go out and party. You even called those other doctors and people who said that Covid was hyped liars. You are so fake.
You're a man with good intentions :) I'm still skeptic about this virus, but I wear a mask when I'm at the stores and places wear masks are mandatory. If people feel more comfortable with social distancing, i'll social distance, but I'm also still down for a hug lol Whatever makes people comfortable. but yeah, I don't scrutinize you or anything.
We all make mistakes and I forgive yours. I know u didn't intend for this message or impact. Thankyou for telling this out instead of just a Twitter post.
this seems like he’s just doing this apology for us. like why didn’t he post this on his main channel?
This is so disappointing. I followed him for some solid advice during the pandemic. He doesnt even follow his own advice.   I didn't even know he had a 2nd channel as others have stated.
Well I’m glad you apologized. We all make mistakes and acknowledging you did something wrong is the first step towards bettering yourself. Thank you and please be safe. ❤️
Y’all are acting like you didn’t see your family during thanksgiving
No need to apologize Dr. Mike. You are human. A very kind, decent human being that gives so many people a place to go and learn so much. Thank you!
Dude grow up and grow a pair. Stop being such a pushover. You know that Covid is hyped yet you want others to live in fear while you go out and party. Reason why you are denying Covid as a hype is because you hyped it up in the beginning and you are too prideful to say that you were wrong. You discredited many other doctors that proved Covid was hyped. You even said Bill Gates was a great guy and those that think otherwise are crazy! You are all about your reputation and fame.  You are also part of the leftist agenda whether you know it or not. People may fall for your charm and slick ways of talking but not everyone does. You are so fake. You probably will remove this comment as you have removed several of mine in the past.
I understand what you're trying to say, and I forgive you, my friend. I am just confused on several parts. First, why was that picture posted? You could have saved yourself a lot of trouble and thousands of people a lot of confusion if you simply asked for a completely private party. Also, why is your shirt so loose? Normally the buttons are bulging? Are you okay? Are you eating right? I worry about you doctors sometimes.
It takes a lot to admit to doing wrong and acknowledging it especially in such a public way. Props to doctor mike for posting this video at all, it doesn’t matter that it’s not on his main channel, it’s on the internet available for so many people to criticize. It’s scary to have thousands of people hate on you for making a mistake. Thank you 🙏🏻 doctor mike for keeping it real with us.
As a medical worker the politicians have really exaggerated “mask” I wear them and I support it. It’s better for the society as a whole... we are not doing contact tracing as we should, so, in all reality we don’t know where the weak link is for high risk areas.. but due to the era “ timing” of this pandemic you are being judged harshly.
We are all human, how many of you can say that you've never slipped up or never forgot to put a mask on. One mistake does not dictate a person's character, if our lives were decided by one choice we made we would be terrible people. Keep your head up Mike, thank you for being honest.
I’m a big fan but seeing you trying avoid addressing your recent “scandal” by posting an apology on your 2nd channel, which has only a small percentage of people from your main channel subbed to it, and censoring comments on socials is disappointing. I totally understand that you’re a human and made a mistake, which happens to all of us from time to time but deleting comments and doing all this while you were preaching about staying at home and being safe is very hypocritical and disappointing. PLEASE address this properly and own up to your mistakes
I think you should also post this on your main channel. People are allowed to make mistakes and I'm willing to accept your apology. But this really just doesn't feel sincere...
Idk. Kinda stupid, but I’ll believe him
Lastly why are you saying New York? Yes you live there but work at the best hospital in New Jersey, seems you saying NY for sympathy? New Jersey is becoming if not already a hotspot again. IMHO
Posting on a second channel nobody has heard of, what kind of cowardice is this?
Trash
This is great and all, and I understand where you're coming from, but personally I feel like this should be on your main channel where you have millions of subscribers, not your smaller channel. That way it reaches more of your main viewers. Also, being a public figure, you need to remember that everything you say and do could be broadcasted to the public. Lastly, I don't agree with sending him a bunch of hate. Yeah this makes him seem hypocritical, but he made a mistake. He's not stupid. He'll learn from it. Some people may have lost respect for him and stopped following him and that's fine, but I trust that he can and will do better and set a better example. The virus is still real. Masks, quarantining, and social distancing are still important, regardless of what a celebrity chooses to do. Continue staying safe everyone. 💖
I’m ok with this apology. We need to be more forgiving and rehabilitating as a country and society. Stay strong Mike. Feel it. Move on.
Harry Potter with muscles
If YT didn’t recommend this to me I wouldn’t have known about this. Super fucking disappointing and really hypocritical. His explanation really downplays what was going on vs what the photos show. I don’t understand why youtubers think an apology like this is sufficient when it’s clearly just recorded to save face.   Not gonna be watching anymore of your main channel vids, dude. Please remember that you have influence on millions of people and what you do in your private life should reflect the messages you preach publicly.
Oh please. Don't apologize for something you're not sorry about. You had fun and you don't really believe that covid is as bad as your concern trolling had previously lead your viewers to believe. All good
This being posted on your second channel is not the bravest move. I hope this reminds everyone who is so eager to call out all the depressed and desperate people who have seen friends and family, that everyone is human. It's disappointing to see this from someone who DID know better and took risks he's not being honest about. There's no "off the clock" for these precautions and we all have to play by the rules. You made poor choices and this apology is shallow, but a start.
Posting on a smaller channel.. yeah, I’m sure you’re sorry!
Ah yes, the classic rule for thee but not for me
Yeah, the "I'm young and healthy" excuse doesn't really work when you are a DOCTOR. So, so disappointed by this.
No one is perfect. This has been an incredibly tough year, I don’t think you deserve all the hate coming your way. You are human, you made a mistake. You recognized you made the mistake and are apologizing for it. I tip my hat to you Dr. Mike. You are a person not a robot. God bless you! Don’t worry, there will always be haters and always be people out there where apologizing won’t be enough and that’s okay because it is impossible to please everyone. I hope that most people come to the same conclusion that you are human and made a mistake and do not send you hate. I hope non of the negative responses you get will discourage you for continuing to make videos. You are such a blessing to this platform. We love you, we are here for you, and we forgive you.
I have no right to judge you, I guess it’s a bit sweet as a chronic pain patient you now sit in my seat reversed I’m constantly being judged by Dr’s. Lesson never judge anyone as we cannot judge you unless we are your superior. Good luck with the backlash, we are human I wish you the best.
This is a hit to some people's trust in him here - for good reason - but I'm willing to give him some room to fix his mistake. He's made an apology, and although I think it should be on his main channel, he won't party again (at least not like this). His giving into the pressure here is viewed more harshly because he has a large audience to witness the incident. I don't envy how he's going to have to rebuild his credibility from here.
I can’t even pretend like I didn’t hang out with my friends after 9 months of isolation. It’s exhausting. And while I don’t agree with the situation, I can say I understand, and I’m still going to support you. Your videos are seriously the only reason I didn’t lose my mind when this pandemic hit. As someone with underlying health conditions, I was terrified, I was panicking and I was certain I was gonna die. But I have kept up on CDC guidelines, listened to the mandates, and after 9 months I finally spent some time with my friends too. I know so many people are going to be on here upset, but I just wanted to leave a comment saying that I was in a similar situation. I only hung out with 3 friends, but still. We are all human, we all make bad choices, we mess up. Still have mad love for you Dr Mike.
Dr Mike I really like you admire you as a doc, but uou truly should share this on your main channel.. I admire the attitude and it’s ok to make mistakes, but people on the main channel should know 😞
Everybody is the judge now...Personally, I forgive you, hopefully you read this and it makes you feel better. You and I are only human, and I must admit, I've broken guidelines too, as well as nearly everybody judging you here. Though I've generally tried to keep to them, it's hard when you're in the moment and just trying to enjoy the times. I get it. I've had some small parties and met up with friends on my college campus. Sometimes the masks come off, sometimes the 6ft rule is broken. Some of them got sick. I never did, but it probably didn't help. These people call you a hypocrite, but they've all probably spouted similar "wear masks" demands and also met up with friends, sans guidelines. This pandemic is taking a toll on all of us, and an occasional lapse is all but inevitable. You, and whoever else is reading this, he who is without sin may throw the first stone.
This is why you can't trust people who make money from the main stream.
I thought this was a genuine apology, but after looking at the comments, nobody else agrees. Which begs me to ask: is any public apology good enough for the internet?
if it kills you to “be used for nefarious purposes’, you should’ve recognized your giant platform and the responsibility inherent within it before taking risks and making choices like you did. call it fair or not, you should’ve known as a doctor with your platform that you would be made an example.
Are you still employed at Overlook? I would think this is a huge impact for them as well, should you get fired remember there are always consequences to your actions. For every action there is a reaction, you need to apologize to all those 266k families who had an empty chair this thanksgiving, your followers will forgive you the others you didn’t think once about them whilst on the boat. I’m not saying you need time to process this past year Mike your a D.O practice what you preach, lesson learned I hope it’s sincere but why here and not on your main channel makes us wonder 💭?
Everyone commenting on this like they’ve been perfect this entire time... bull.. hop off his case
Your fake just admit it!  Difference between me and you, I'm not lieing about who I am.
Wow it seems like everyone on here doesnt screw up in their own lives. And yes he does have his videos about what to do and what not to do during covid.  But guess what,  influencer/doctor/etc of who this man is, he is also human.   Everyone on here must not be human, or must not screw up ever at all so they can all be on their keyboards being little bullies. He already knows he messed up, he doesnt need everyone calling him out on just repeating on every comment what he did was bad.  I'm going to personally say that I believe he is still a great person who sadly messed up, but that truthfully doesnt discredit him being a doctor, anyone who says he shouldnt be a doctor anymore is very childish.    I still enjoy watching dr mike and I will continue to do so, keep up the good work!
The hypocrisy is disgusting
Idek who this fool is but it came up as recommended 😩🙄
Why do people with success have to be at the mercy of everyone else. He lived his life and that’s it. Virus has a 2% death rate. I wonder how people’s stance on the virus would be if they didn’t have smartphones? Everyone is quick to judge because technology makes it easy to be seen.
this guy is a snake. I don't believe your apology. You're only doing it because you got caught
Jeez... I didn't know any of this happened until I was scrolling through the comments of his other video (the one where he reacted to the COVID episode in The Good Doctor) and boy was I shocked. I immediately searched into it and then came across this video and I just must say, why? I was rooting for you, Mike.  I get that you checked into the precautions and what not before going onto your endeavors but this is hypocritical of you. And the fact that you didn't post this on your main channel? For what reason? It's very suspicious...  Anyway, it's always the same with celebrities and people with money--that they can do whatever the hell the want during this time of crisis. Y'all treat this virus like a joke while everyone else suffers. It's sickening.
You should be ashamed of yourself.  As a registered nurse, I lost all respect for you.
Screw all you dissing on him. He’s human. He makes mistakes. Just like the rest of us. “Those without sin among you be the first to cast a stone” he made a mistake. And he apologized. At least he apologized. What does it matter where you did it and how he did it?? Just forgive him for making a human mistake and move the heck on
this is a "do as i say not as i do" moment but it happens
Lawyer Mike
I'm pretty disappointed you are a healthcare worker and you are hanging out at parties. If you are willing to go to parties you should not think of you first think of others and what you could do to them. Just think about what could happen.
This is disgusting. I thought this was a joke at first. Cringe! Though he was guna start crying.  We live in America and our freedom is slipping away over these stupid masks. this should be everyone’s individual choice. not anyone else’s.
I don’t know if this apology is good enough. It’s half assed. You’re making excuses
Doesn't Mike and his team know that the YouTube audience hate apology videos?  😂
Not defending him, but do as he says not as he does, just because he messed up it doesn’t mean he is a bad person tho, we are all human
Honestly, out of all people you should have known better. You lost all credibility and I don’t see how anybody could respect you especially when it comes to talking about the pandemic. I don’t think anybody should be watching you and supporting you either. You’re so fake I’m sorry....
I think people forget he is human.  AND HUMANS MAKE MISTAKES.
Everyone is vulnerable to the pit fall of fatigue in following the rules after such a long time.  A moment of lapse can have big consequences. Avoid even the perception of evil is a good motto.
I'm so disappointed. And I can't bring myself to say more than that.
I don’t get why people are getting so mad, if he is following everything he says to the tee, he’s gonna live a boring life, let the man live his life!
Doctors make mistakes , yes, but doctors making mistakes like this..? I don’t know...
I saw this video and wondered what exactly he was apologizing for. I thought maybe he was just walking down the street quickly without a mask or something or you know seen in a party (with masks or yk social distancing), but then I saw the pictures and videos and that’s really disappointing. It’s one thing to socialize safely during this pandemic with a limited number of people and a mask, it’s another to be known as an influencer who does stupid things, but it’s beyond my understanding to be a well-respected doctor to do this and be a hypocrite with such a bland apology. Sad. :(
Nobody cares. Ppl go out more than they lead you all to believe 🤙🏾
Honestly, what a hypocrite. I left your main channel when you were "debunking" trumps "claims." You preach social distancing and wearing masks and you shamed those who didn't. You had talks with "doctors" with all the same narratives saying that its impossible for the vaccine to come this year, and yet it is almost ready. You are not sorry for what you did. You're apologizing for being caught. And not even putting this video on your main channel so more people don't see it is a complete coward move.  Disappointed for a medical professional to do this.
Dude didn’t do anything wrong this dumb asf
If this is sincere, it should be on your main channel. Putting this half assed apology here shows that all you care about is minimizing the damage to your reputation. You’re only sorry you got caught.
It takes strength to stand up and admit when you've done something wrong. The fact that so many people on here can't accept a heartfelt apology when it's offered is sad.
Ummm no! You are a “Doctor” trying to get famous on YouTube by telling me people things that they should do but not doing as you say. You should know better and you knew what you were doing.
Thank God I never put any expectations on him during the pandemic, otherwise I would be just like everyone else in this comment section: disappointed.  He’s human and makes mistakes just the same as everyone else. Even though he’s a doctor, don’t take public opinion as the truth. This virus is bad but far worse things are happening because we’re strictly following government guidelines that make no sense.  Everyone’s gonna get this virus, it’s just a matter of time.
Cool cool, but post it on your main channel.
I didn’t even see family for Thanksgiving.. but because you’re having a hard time isolating you get a pass to go and party with bikini babes? Idc if it was a surprise, you know better to turn that down. Your friends should know better, if they listen to you at all or anything you mentioned in your videos. Insanely disappointed. I listened to you and all your videos, but now you just make excuses. I’m hurt. You’ve tarnished everything you worked for
Thank you so much Dr. Mike. I’ve literally been in my house since March. I’m really struggling with the isolation. I’m at high risk because I have Muscular Dystrophy and use a wheelchair. I just want all this to be over.
What a mask-off moment. Pun VERY MUCH intended
You shoulda just not said anything at all lol, this is bull
There were at least 15 of you there though right? That is not a small group of people at all. Not to mention y’all were literally touching faces in your group pictures. I think it would be better if you didn’t make up excuses and just owned up to your mess-up.
It is really hard to be a good guy in the United States of America.   I appreciate all the good advice you've given since the pandemic started.   Turns out you like money, women, and fun.   Is that a crime?   Nah.  Your just a victim of the suddenly woke right looking for easy targets to attack in the media.  All this really means Mike is that you have finally made it to the big time.   Your little Thanksgiving vacation caught the world's attention, and profits will soon follow.
A second channel upload really screams how empty this bs is lmfao
Am I the only one wondering what he did that was wrong?
You're the best, Doctor Mike!!  Thanks so much for your transparency here.  We can all do better, and not one imperfect human has the right to be critical.  Haters, look in the mirror and shut up!!
Nice non-apology my guy. Just admit you're a hypocrite grifter and got caught red handed.
No, you knew what you were doing. Post an apology on all your social media pages. This is not acceptable behavior.
Disappointing
Ur a docter u should know better  you know people are dying cus of this and people who havnt seen  their family's in mouths yet here u are going  to a party and why did  u go cus u thout you would  be okey  u do realis u could be a carrier  also ur a coward for not uploading this on ur main chanale u should know fucking better
This was unacceptable behavior from a Doctor. My little brother suffered from Covid because he's also a medical professional. He is also young and athletic and charming... but that doesn't mean he puts himself or others at risk needlessly as you did. You should know better than most how real and serious this illness can be to even the young and healthy.  Nothing like a good dose of vain incompetence to override all your credibility, eh?
You mean, you got caught
Great...how can I trust this guy now... He's the only doctor I listen to.. Code red where i am... Covid is very serious. We're not allowed to wear only just masks. We need to wear shields..
The effects of living on social media.. never any privacy. We are all burnt out with this virus but if you're in the spotlight you gotta practice what you preach!
I'm sorry, Doctor Mike. You have lost any credibility to speak on this topic again; and, I say this as a fan and subscriber. For months, millions around the world stayed home 'to do their part', often with serious emotional and mental damage to themselves and the loved ones. It stinks with hypocrisy what you've done. I won't join the crowd and drag you, but it is beyond disappointing.
Honestly dont care that he did that. He lives alone and its a supposedly free country. People are way overreacting to this😂
Wow, your second channel? As if you hadn't already lost most of your credibility this just did you in boy.
I wonder if he really quarantined at home for two weeks after the party and didn't see any patients.
This is so sad. This isn't just a mistake. You really wanted to be the exception to the rules, finding the loophop to make something unsafe deemed safe and acceptable....
It's only a resonance's problem. We are all human being and make a lot of mistakes, but it's important nowaday admit these mistakes. You have much resonnces and this is the real problem. If one of us common people make an error we can conceal it. But everyone,  keep in mind that it's wrong attack someone that is saying "I'm sorry, really!"
Ey doc! It's okay. Don't worry about it. Just 1 wrong, the next Will be better, You are a human, nobody is perfect, and each one decides, don't be so hard with You. Sorry for my writing wrong, havent properly english study. You are such great person, and huge doctor, not a machine. Please, don't be so sad. Love from Mendoza, Argentina
Man, people are ruthless! And I'm sure everyone who leaves a condemning comment is perfect.  Assess the situation, follow the guidelines. You did. You should be able to enjoy your life. This is coming from someone who just got out of quarantine after suffering from Covid pretty severely for 2 weeks. Every symptom on the list + Pneumonia. It was awful. My Covid perspective has changed quite a lot. But, I'm still a human who wants to enjoy my life and not live in fear or dictatorship.  Live life Dr. Mike. Live respectfully and responsibly, but enjoy your life.
He still give out accurate information, he messed up once despite following what he preached all this time, he apologized and give his reasons and promise to do better. Attack him!   People who set a goal and fail, shame on you. Shame on people who failed ONCE!
This is honorable
Post it on your main channel and what are you going to be doing going forward to make sure this doesn't happen again
Sucks that he’s probs profiting off this trending video. Unsubbed
1:30 but you are a doctor, aren't you more exposed? You are still human, you made a mistake. It is good that you acknowledge that. But I've been isolated for 8 months (I live in Argentina), it is hard, but I managed. You should've too.
I hope you wore a masks on little mike if it was just you it might be different but you have a governor of Colo texting don't travel as he's getting on an airplane, you have another gov. Having a birthday party.  And another gov husband boating, senator's ar the salon, etc etc etc etc and now Dr Mike, sorry but hypocrisie is running rampant and you are part of it.
Most of us are not pure good or pure evil, we are somewhere in between. Doctor Mike has done a lot of good on YouTube, and now apparently he has done something hypocritical and not practiced the social distancing that he preached. Before we portray Doctor Mike as a horrible, evil person can we please think about how we are not perfect either?
can't believe Dr. Mike anymore... sorry mate... u cross the line that u made....
The amount of damage you did by saying “I’m young and healthy with no problems so my risk level was okay” is enough. I guess that’s a huge screw you to all of your elderly and immunocompromised patients. You’re the reason this pandemic has spread and killed people like it has. That mindset.
As a person who just had a family member diagnosed with COVID19 with a pre-existing heart condition, I am hurt. We have been so cautious this whole quarantine and still have had some attract it, this feels like a slap in the face. Mike, I really do appreciate this apology, but the trust has been lost.
D BAG!!
For those saying you're unsubscribing or disappointed etc. May I suggest an alternative small YouTuber who Dr. Mike previously slighted and has actually been following his own advice? Doctor Hope Sicknotes. Great guy, has been documenting his work during the pandemic, and was doing "react to [insert medical drama episode]" long before Mike ever started that.
Ya know? This is your SECOND channel. I respected you and trusted you. You took that and fucked it up. NO ONE would see this if it wasn't trending. Shame on you.
I always had a feeling you were just in it for attention and fame. Now I know. Because unless you stopped working and isolated for a full two weeks in your apartment after this, you are batshit and a liar.
Moot point mentioning that this ain't on his main. It's trending, we've seen it. Anyway. I accept the apology but I'm wary. I don't know that I can trust you anymore.
I don’t watch a lot of him, can someone explain? My understanding is that he went out to see people while respecting the COVID guidelines  and his followers got mad at him because he’s a doctor and shouldn’t be taking risks like that?
Covid cases have actively been increasing in Miami since early October...why there? You chose to be an active proponent in covid safety practices, then threw it out the window. When you stepped up to help the cause, you effectively gave up the right to make a mistake like this, as with great power comes great responsibility. Your consequences are that you actively hurt the medical and scientific communities message, this isn't a lapse of judgement, it's a lapse on your character.
I hope you are doing well! Thanks for your apologizes!
You got caught or we never have known about this..
I love you Dr. Mike.. but from the beginning you have been fighting for being cautious and taking social distancing seriously... I wish I could agree with this being a mistake but you of all people DO know better. Regardless, it is not my business to accept your apology or to legitimize it in any way, but I’m disappointed.
I work in nursing....frontline...it’s escalating...people are dying. But, hey, as long as you’re having fun. Idiot.
I think he uploaded to this channel to get people to subscribe to it which makes him even more manipulative.
..."I can't promise that I won't make another mistake again"... i.e. I will probably go to more parties...anyways...
Pretty mad about this apology. You followed the cdc and health guidelines. Way to hard on yourself. The ones in the wrong are those vilifying you for trying to enjoy yourself within the confines of cdc guidelines and those using that for even more nefarious purposes.  No blame on you, man.  Haters gonna hate. I mean, do we get to self care during COVID? Do we get to take measured risks based on our circumstances?   I still support ya.
Whats good for the goose... forget the gander. Shut up and give me your fucking tax money!! This is my problem with politicians and big media influencers. Government officials and corporate giants treating grown adults like children who need to be managed then get caught in blatant hypocrisy. Queue the boo- hoo sorry sob story.
PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ THIS. IT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT THING YOU COULD EVER DO AND IT ONLY TAKES A FEW MINUTES ARE YOU 100% SURE THAT IF YOU DIED TODAY THAT YOU WOULD GO TO HEAVEN? (CLICK 'READ MORE')  There are some things that you should know:  1. Realize that you are a sinner and in need of a Savior:  Ro 3:23 "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;"  Ro 3:10 "As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:"  It all began when the first humans, Adam and Eve were created and God put them in the garden of Eden. God created them perfect to live in fellowship with Him. There was no death or sorrow. God told them not to eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. They disobeyed God and as a result, sin entered into the world. The pain, which this world sees, is the result of sin.  2. Because of our sins, we die both spiritually and physically, but God sent His Son to die so that you can have a chance not to have to go to hell by accepting what He did on the cross:  Ro 6:23 "For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord."  Ro 5:8 "But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us."  Every person who has ever lived is a sinner and is not righteous because we do bad things. A sin is a crime against God, just as if you steal something at the store, it is punishable by going to jail. It's the same thing with sin. Lying, stealing, sex before marriage, pride, hatred, ect. are all sins. Hell is a prison for those who commit crimes against God. That’s because you must be perfect in order to get to heaven. No matter how well you live your life from then on, you have already sinned, which will be punished if you are not pardoned. If you commit a crime, and then live as a good citizen you still will go to jail for the crime you committed. Right? Just as the President can pardon a crime so you won't go to jail, Jesus can pardon your sins so that you do not go to hell, and can go to heaven when you die. You won’t have to pay for your own sins because Jesus already did that for you. But if you reject the pardon that He offers, you will have to pay for your own sins by going to hell.  3. If you will confess Jesus Christ as Your Lord, place your Faith in Him and Believe in your heart that He died, shed His blood and rose again as a sacrifice for your sins, you will be saved (from hell).  Heb 11:6 But without faith it is impossible to please Him, for he who comes to God must believe that He is, and that He is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him.   Heb 9:22 And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.  You cannot get to heaven by being a good person, going to church, baptism or any other way other than by turning to Jesus, believing in your heart that He died on the cross and rose from the dead for your sins and placing your Faith in Him. While these are good things to do, some people believe that they will get to heaven, but your Faith must be in Christ and His sacrifice alone and nothing else, giving your life to Him.   Eph 2:8,9 For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God, not of works, lest anyone should boast.  Ro 10:9,10;13 "that if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved..For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved."  4.  You must submit your life to Jesus Christ and His will in Faith, believing in your heart that He died and rose again shedding His blood to pay for your sins as a sacrifice to God.  If you want to accept Jesus free gift of salvation, or if you have any doubts about whether or not you are going to heaven, HUMBLY PRAY THIS PRAYER TO GOD FROM YOUR HEART IN FAITH:  ”Dear Lord Jesus I know that I  am a sinner and need you to save me.  I believe that You are the Lord and believe in my heart that You died on the Cross and Rose from the dead, shedding your blood as a Sacrifice for my sins.  I turn to You as the only way of salvation, I submit my life to you, I submit my will to yours, I place my Faith and Trust in You alone as Lord of my life, Please save me and I thank You for it, in Jesus holy name, Amen.”  If you have truly placed your faith in Jesus Christ as your Lord, submitting your life to Him, you can know that you are a child of God and on your way to heaven.  Now that you are on your way to heaven, you should attend a bible believing church and follow in baptism...
Listen I really don’t care that this happened, not sure why I really would tbh. But you should’ve just said sorry it was a mistake no excuses. But it’s pretty clear why this is on your second channel that most people didn’t know exist
Mike: Lets put the apology on the smaller channel so not many people know and it would lessen the effect on my image and brand. Youtube: OOO Lets slap this on trending. Mike: Task failed Successfully.  My man just lost all credibility. Imagine what his patients must go through. Used to be a big fan but never gonna believe a single thing he says anymore.
We all make mistakes, man, it’s ok. You’ve done a lot of good and will continue to have a positive impact on the public’s understanding of medicine.
You’re a political activist for the DNC thanks for making that very clear after this video! Lol
This is an insult to all the people you claim to care about. You are nothing special. Sit and rot in your decisions
I don't know how many of these he reads so I have no idea if he'll read this.  There are millions of people who believe that the pandemic is a hoax and don't care about the health and safety of others.  My own family and half of my customers are included in that.  I was using Dr. Mike, as a person who stood by Dr. Fauci and the CDC guidelines, in my arguement for mask wearing.  It actually hurt my case when he went against it himself and my family seriously rubbed that in my face.  The fact that he seemed to wait a while to respond with an apology also made them question.  He willingly put himself in a position where his decisions regularly influence a ton of people and he needs to take that position very seriously.  I was highly disappointed and discouraged by his lack of consideration.  That being said, I'll still follow him.  A single bad choice doesn't make a person bad and he still has things we all can learn from.
ok boomer
Mike it’s okay, a mistake doesn’t define you! Lots of love from Portugal!! Be safe!
Give the guy a break people make mistakes
I’m vomiting after this. Could you be any more nauseating? The world is not safe. You can still have fun while being relatively careful. Get over yourself!!!
Reminds me of Oliver Queen (Arrow  📺 ) Just a 🤑 chillin’ on his new 🛥 with women!
I appreciate you taking the time to access yourself and the impact of your choices.   Now, where can I get one of these friends that give away boats?
Lmao what a gross egotistical little man
As physicians, we have to lead by EXAMPLE. Even if you're "young" or "Low Risk" you're ARE RISKING THE HEALTH OF YOUR PATIENTS WHO ARE NOT BY GOING OUT. While the rest of us physicians are staying at home and not seeing our families over the holidays, in my case ADMITTING PATIENTS WITH COVID OR WHO ARE COVID PUIs OVERNIGHT, you're out and about on packed boats and seeing your patients the following week. You should be ashamed of yourself. Post a real apology and face the facts. You gain huge benefits from your fame, fame based on OUR PROFESSION. You've unwillingly become a mouthpiece for us to the general masses. It is time to accept the  RESPONSIBILITY that comes with this.  Own up, or step down.
Ngl feels like excuse but ok
Interesting how dr mike is close friends with Chuck Schumer and says exactly what his politician friends say, and like them don’t do what they preach. Whereas doctors that don’t have politicians as friends and say things other than what politicians say immediately get silenced and never seen again. Interesting...   Edit: watch him start downplaying everything he has been saying in his new covid advice videos. I used to love your channel, I’m disappointed.
Why this is not on his main channel?
I work in healthcare, I like Dr, Mike. Come on people, He explained his reasons for making the decisions he made, he admitted it was wrong and he apologized, numerous times on the brink of tears.  Nobody is perfect, everyone messes up influencer, youtuber or not.  Apology accepted, now lets move on folks.
Youtube thanks so much for putting this in trending.
My kids are losing their education because the schools can't fully open because of the mind set of people like you! Low risk? No Dr Mike, that mentality is why my county is stuck in the orange. The risk is placed on everyone else.
Don’t worry about it :)
This looks absolutely terrible all round, you've completely thrown the medical profession and all the of hard work of healthcare professionals down the drain with your actions. The sad thing is it's so obvious you're not sorry for your actions, you're sorry you got caught and who knows how many more times you've done the opposite of what you've been preaching. You live a life of amazing privilege and that's ok, you've worked hard for it, but are you telling me you couldn't make sacrifices for less than a year when people in far worse positions all around the world have been making sacrifices? Do better, be better
stan doc mcstuffins for actually following social distancing guidelines
Dr. Mike I didn’t know you have this channel too, until today when someone in another chat was talking about what happened with you and your trip, why this apology isn’t in your main channel? I think is very important you talk in your principal channel too. But anyway thanks for talking about this situation.
It isn’t “the impact” it’s your behavior. I’m a health care worker and I had Thanksgiving alone. My mom is a health care worker and had Thanksgiving alone. Because we both know (in spite of not having a medical degree) that we could expose each other and the patients and other health care workers we care for and work with. I wanted to see my friend’s daughter who was born in Nebraska this year. See my brother’s college graduation, see my friend in Miami as well. But I didn’t in order to protect not just myself but the other people around me including family and friends and patients and strangers on the street who are high risk and going out to do something they need to do. On top of all this is a lot of people is financially struggling in some way and may lose paid sick leave. And you go on a vacation to Miami to a private boat a dozen or so people at least and think you didn’t put anyone at risk because you live alone???? I live alone and me going out to the grocery store once a week is still putting myself and others at risk. You still had to travel to Miami and back and exposed other people in your travel. That is selfish. This fight isn’t over. And you are giving in to temptation to ease up as well. Do better. And fully own up to your mistakes and mean it. Don’t make this about anything else.
the fact that you posts this on your side channel so less people would see it was a shitty thing to do. if you can’t owe up to your mistakes for your 5M+ followers then you aren’t truly sorry for what you did.
Did I miss something? What did he do wrong?
Pretty cowardly move to post this on your second channel my guy, you lost a fan. You're just another hypocritical social media celebrity trying to live it up under a fake image.
You were on the news down here in Miami and we really don’t need people on vacation here. Do better, you were so wrong. The people of Miami deserve better from you.
mike, you're a DOCTOR, you've been an expert on the TV, you've been educating people about the pandemic for months and here u go and say oh I calculated the risk of this party and it was fine! just no.
Friends? ... Those fake 40 year old plastic women with the lips and bibs all overly filled up where your friends?! 😂 I don't think so... We all know who those ladies where. So that makes it even more of a covid risks...
Ew. What a non-apologetic thing to do to put everyone at risk. You have lost my respect lol
Young and dumb even with a medical degree. My cousin is 33 with no underlying conditions and she is on a ventilator right now.
Didn't you post that people who disobey covid-19 mandates should be ARRESTED??? SHAME ON YOU especially with this weak A** DEFLECTION APOLOGY.
im sorry but when i have been social distancing and not seeing any of my friends for nine months now, i can’t accept your apology. ever since quarantine has began kids my age have been ignoring social distancing guidelines and continuing to throw parties. I decided to be safe and follow you and other doctors’ advice. now that this has occurred, can i still trust your advice? also, choosing to go on a boat trip with fifteen other people wasn’t a mistake, it was a choice. an EXTREMELY irresponsible one.
Post the video on your main channel,
We're all human, we all make mistakes and we all tend to give advice and then on occasion do the opposite.. that's just who we are as individuals. No one is perfect. Let's not forget about all the great things Dr Mike has done AND continues to do. Life goes on, the world moves on.. keep up the great work Dr Mike, you're still an amazing and exceptional human being!
to the people defending him: dr mike is a public figure. he preaches all day and night about taking the proper precautions in this pandemic, but seeing him not following his own advice essentially invalidates ALL of that medical research. it affects so much more than him and his friends. dr mike has a huge platform, very disappointing that he hasn’t used it responsibly
Dude, you are held to a higher standard precisely because of what you do, your excuses is pathetic.   Everyone is disappointed.
Seriously, the best thing to come out of this pandemic is thinning out the population through natural selection. Can't give a better example. If if y'all wanna go out and kill yourselves, go ahead👍. But don't criticize a hardworking person who is also just human and sometimes needs a break from all your bullshit comments he has to take to his conscience. To all people hating on this guy, stop for a few seconds and really think about it, does his actions really change the fact that you have to keep yourself safe. Why do you care so much, it's your life, you wanna follow guidelines, do that, you wanna go out and put yourselves and your family at risk, then go ahead and do that too. Just stop being so selfish and ignorant to the fact that doctors and medical personnel are also just human.
chile...there was far more than 10 people in that one photo, and i’m sure many more who weren’t in the picture. very disappointing to hear this generic and untruthful apology
Idk why people are getting so crazy about this like what?? Ok he did something that tempted him he is not a god or something he is a regular dude, I mean people acting like he has done murder or something, and they are all judgmental like they are responsible for what he does and saying that he has lost everything to them when he just literally partied with other people, more like some people are jealous rather than thinking about it. I understand that he puts others at risk but he is also a professional, if he has anything then he will obviously take the steps that are neccessary
Your human just because your a doctor don’t mean you don’t make mistakes and can’t live your life
So you don't have a family that you'll expose but as a doctor, don't you see several people in a day? I'm disappointed in you, but I forgive you. Just keep being honest and own your mistakes!
Genuinely cannot believe YOU of all people.
You ruined your entire channel for me
HYPOCRITE
YOU ARE A DOCTOR
Mike I was honestly surprised very surprised when you went to this party. I’m glad you understand your mistake. Don’t let this happen again
I don't understand how people can take a person who is right about everything he has made videos about and neutralize it all because of one incident.  I am certain that Dr. Mike's research about traveling during covid and what precautions to take are far more responsible and effective than 99% of the people out there that have traveled during this year. We have all dealt with this pandemic in different ways  and it is ridiculous to hold anyone, even "public" figures up to a standard that barely anyone else is living by. I work in healthcare. Honestly, having a Dr in my circle of friends this year would have made me way less likely to socialize with them due to the pandemic, so possibly this should be a lesson for all involved rather than signaling  Mike out . Dr. Mike has tried to get important health information out to people who might not have noticed otherwise. No one is perfect, guys. Back the f*ck off.
I can't even read these comments. EVERYONE IS SO TOXIC. YES HE ROYALLY F'D UP BUT HE REALISES THAT. INSTEAD OF FRIKING COMMENTING HORRIBLE THING JUST LISTEN. I CAN ONLY IMAGINE HIM READING THESE COMMENTS FEELING HORRIBLE AND GUILTY ALONE. HE KNOWS HE MADE A MISTAKE. SO SEEN AS I AM THE ONLY ONE IN THIS COMMENT SECTION WHO REALISES THAT, MAYBE DON'T COMMENT HORRIBLE THINGS. DON'T BACK CHAT HIM WHEN HALF OF Y'ALL HAVE PROBABLY F'D UP AT SOME POINT DURING THIS PANDEMIC.  sorry for the rant. I'm over it now. But please. I beg that you think before you post, comment and spred story's. That's for Dr Mike as well not just viewers.  Okay. Thank you. I apologize, I literally never say that stuff ever but everyones comments made me think how he's actually feeling inside.
PLEASE STOP SAYING HES A HORRIBLE PERSON. we all make mistakes. yes it was a choice, and it was the wrong one, but we all make them. tbh i made one by going over to my friends house and hugging her. i don’t anymore, and i realized i made a mistake. it happens. and you commenting saying he made a mistake doesn’t help. he litterally made a video saying he was sorry for making it. you’re stating the obvious. he knows. half of you who are commenting saying he’s horrible have probably done the same thing. it’s difficult. he is always j’y himself, he has no one. he was lonely so he made a mistake to see his friends. he is sorry, now stop being mean to him. he gets it.
I'm glad you had the courage to speak up and talk about the situation.  I was extremely disappointed when I saw the story, however  I can understand why.  It has been a long year of being basically shut in.  Please in the future be more careful. I still think of you as the same great Person.  Keep doing what you do on youtube.  The loyal viewers are waiting for your video posting today.  Take care of your self Dr. Mike.
Are you kiddin? You‘re supposed do be a doctor! Can‘t deal with people like you!
*YOU'RE ONLY SAYING YOU MESSED UP BECAUSE YOU GOT CAUGHT!*
the part when he said he's young and healthy makes me cringe... I was like you are young but not that young you are in your 30s you know whats right and wrong.. this is something someone in their early 20s would do. What a mess!!!
I like the fact that he sat down and at least tried to give a solid apology, unlike a lot of other ppl during this pandemic (tana, Erika Costell, the hype house/away house children, etc). At the same time, I feel he has more to lose, though ... idk this whole situation is so random and unexpected I think that’s why everyone is so shook not once did I think dr mike would be this reckless,  but like he said he is human, all of our judgement can be skewed sometimes.. but not everyone is a medical professional on the internet in the middle of a global pandemic that is having its second wave.... like idk y’all idk how to feel abt this 😭
I understand u made a mistake and although u didn't practice what you preached, I understand ppl make mistakes and that you apologised 💜
I'm more upset by the mentality that an amazing thing to do is to drink on a boat filled with bikini-clad, lip-filled, appearance-focused women. If that's your crowd, I'm just not very interested anymore.
I am very disappointed with you Dr. Mike.
Before you all comment about how it’s a choice and how he’s a horrible person for it, make sure that you have never forgotten to wear a mask. Make sure that you have never visited someone when professionals recommended isolating. Make sure you’re perfect. How many of you does that leave? 0. Humans are not perfect. Humans make bad decisions. The only reason why people are sending so much hate is because he is famous. Yes, he made a bad decision. But everyone reading this has too. Don’t judge him thinking that you’re better. People make bad choices, learn, and move on. We try to make better choices, but sometimes we slip up. Don’t let writing a hate comment be your bad decision.  Just to clarify, I’m simply saying not to send hate. It’s ok to say that he messed up, it’s ok to not forgive him, it’s ok to not support him anymore, but it’s not ok to send death threats and things like that.
Dumb privilege rich people problem. So pathetic!! Cancel this fool!
I have to go to work every day and care for people suffering from this and you have claimed to care for them too. Where is your empathy? You broke your Hippocratic oath. You should be ashamed.
*NOPE!! As a DOCTOR,  you knew better! This was absolutely NOT a lapse in judgment!*
Honestly we all make mistakes. I don’t think this is on his main channel cause not as many people know about it. He made this video so people wouldn’t do the whole “well this doctor went out why should we listen to him?” Even though he is sharing true information that others are not listening to. He isn’t perfect and neither are you. So stop trying to end someone’s career over this.
Guys!!! Forgive and forget! You are acting like he can't make a mistake, but when he's laughing and joking and giving away IPhones it's all ok! HE IS A HUMAN! He can make mistakes!! This will all blow over. The fact that he posted it on his smaller channel does not matter. HE POSTED IT AND THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS!!! He is still the same doctor we all know and love. Do not condemn him for one mistake!!!!  Thank you ☺
I understand how hard this year has been on ALOT of people. What you did doesn’t take away from the fact that you’re a great doctor. You’re not the first and I’m sure you won’t be the last, try not to listen to the negativity, you’ve accepted what you did as wrong!
if you actually cara about this your a little baby and should go cry
In Australia we have managed COVID very well by three things 1. Masks 2 . Lockdown isolation 3. Economic support from the Government , when will other countries learn !!!   I like your videos , you don’t need to apologise keep spreading your message
Dr. Mike, you have let down the entire scientific and doctor community. Now people will use you to "prove" that the virus is not real and masks are not necessary. Your colleagues will have to see an increase in cases due to not following the guidelines because you didn't follow them. You are a public figure and did you really think pictures wouldn't be leaked? I know you are young but that doesn't justify you behaving like a teenager. I know teenagers who have not gone out in months to protect their families. But you, a doctor who has seen in the horrors of all of it, thought it will be safe because you can have access to testing and put yourself in quarantine. I do appreciate your apology and believe it should be on your main channel. Show people that you don't only care about making money.
it OK mike i really don't care like at all like at allll
Flaunting your privilege and only doing an apology video so people can feel safe a gain with doctors...You doctors neglect the regular folks who don't have the rona, and leave all focus on pets with rona...which get people who don't have rona will get sick with other things..its neglectful ...and their care due to covid...Us Medicine Sucks balls dude. I have lost in faith of you and Medicinein general. Your sorry? Give me some money. Let us ride the boat. Stop being soo arrogant
ՏᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO llᗩᑎYOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ,Տ TᕼIՏ ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK.
You should be ashamed. Practice what you preach from now on.
Dr. Mike, this is not about the ‘rented boat’. Where is the Social Distancing in the photo OP?  You stated you have experienced physical & emotional tolls due to COVID, I would beg to differ. You did not photo bomb this picture. You participated in it and did not choose to keep your distance as recommended by CDC guidelines.  Question, Why is this not on your main channel and what steps have you taken since to ensure everyone in the photo is healthy?   You embarrassed yourself and many others in the medical field. I would recommend that you keep a low profile for awhile. You do not represent the front-line workers or the families that have lost loved ones. I know first hand how helpless this process can be. I am so disappointed in your actions and excuse.
Chill mike it’s cool people just don’t have much to do during this shitshow so they have way too much time to be online
...I’m just here for the comment section 🐸☕️  Also, wear you mask, social distance, and DON’T BE AN IDIOT.
bruh even logan posted his apology to his main channel you coward.
As a healthcare worker, thanks for further building the public's mistrust towards us doctors. Nice one. I'm only glad the damage wasn't so bad. Imagine if he was anything other than an influencer / DO / Family doctor. Imagine if he was an actual doctor working in the frontlines.
Gavin Newsom has a job opening for you as a COVID interpreter. You can both apologize together.
I honestly don't understand this.  Dr Mike may be human but he's one of the best in terms of being a role model for good health that I've seen. He actually takes the time to better the lives of others and had the respect to search up the guidelines and restrictions and followed them accordingly. He calculated the risks. He thought about context and decided that he wanted to take that opportunity.  Dr Mike *is* human and should be viewed as one. Being human means making mistakes and learning, adapting and solving problems. Being a good human means acknowledging those mistakes and taking responsibility, apologising and he always tries his best to be better.
Ooh. Shut up. This is bull shite
I don’t understand why people watched this just to hate....?? Like at least he acknowledged it! No one is fucking perfect and half these people who are saying hate comments prolly don’t even always wear their masks
Gender is a spectrum... Risk is a spectrum... Jeeze, is everything a *spectrum* now? We can just pick and choose what makes us feel comfortable or feel better about ourselves while not caring of the outcomes it could affect on others?
The thing is, do I expect everyone to wear a mask 100% of the time? No, it’s unrealistic. There’s accountability for yourself and for others. By feeding into the hysteria behind covid and rigid rules you set yourself up for failure as a celebrity. I wonder if the response would be different if he would’ve encouraged common sense: wear a mask as much as possible, avoid crowds, if you don’t that’s on you. Just take the time to test yourself and quarantine yourself if you’re not feeling well.   Unfortunately, with the current sociopolitical climate people aren’t fans of those who show off their money. As a nurse I’m fed up with covid guidelines because it seems they are constantly changing not for necessity but out of convenience for administrators and management.
*I doubt you would have apologized if the pictures weren't leaked.* I was a strong supporter of this channel, but not anymore.
I never was angry lol
It's OK Dr. Mike, the essential oil community will welcome you. Say you're sorry for all the misinformation you've spread about us and we'll forgive. This can all go away 👁👁🕴👤👥
Take a stand against this if that's what you believe. Stop being a sellout
I literally put my entire life on hold bc of this stupid pandemic. I didn’t have my wedding. Didn’t plan the honeymoon and didn’t move out of state as planned. But I’m soooooo glad Dr Mike got to have a fun trip with a bunch of hot girls. 🙄 It just makes me believe that some doctors don’t actually feel this pandemic is dangerous. Why would you put your patients and yourself at risk if it’s SO dangerous? I’m so genuinely pissed off.
It was fun while it lasted... I wish I could forget this but I really can't handle the hipocrisy man.
It’s the privilege for me
U sound so fake man
Yikes on several bikes 🚲 😬
You may be young and healthy but you could still be an asymptomatic or presymptomatic carrier and pass it off to the various women in the boat who may come in contact with someone who isn’t healthy. Come on man.
When you're rich they let you do it, break the rules you set for others but not yourself.
Not you man 😩😩 I was rooting for you
He’s sorry because he got called out for it
Even if it was truly a "surprise" you could still have declined and used it as a moment to practice what you've preached. It was a choice; clearly a bad one.  I don't know what it is about some people and birthday parties this year. Guess what, your life won't be ruined if you don't party this time but you might ruin someone else's life if you do.
mate I'm sorry but. You put the hypocrite in hypocratic oath
*URGENT:* See YouTube video entitled, "Dr. Deborah Birx | Recording Covid-19 as Cause of Death No Matter What".
I didn't go to my grandma's 93rd birthday in France because of the pandemic, I only see her and my family for 3 weeks in a year (I live in another country for work) and having that trip would've helped my mental health but it's too dangerous and I don't want to take a risk
Why wasn’t this posted to your main channel...?
"The impact [of my trip] can harm the medical message that (...) Covid19 is serious". To be fair, it impacts only those who cannot understand your premise that risk is a spectrum.
Bro Dr Mike gives good advice and videos all the time! At least he apologized like brooooooo chillll -__________- also if you see this Dr. Mike please like so I can like wake up every day and be like ....yea Dr. Mike liked my comment I’m complete💀🤷‍♂️ P.S I’m subbed
*To sump up:* It's so serious and deadly that you don't really need to wear a mask.
You should be deplatformed for this. You are not a common person that was misinformed, this was a well-informed decision and you made that choice. It's disgusting.
It's okay Dr Mike I forgive you
Well.. you're a white chad, and most of all American, Relax and pop a white claw and have fun.
They’re eating you up miss mamas
This needs to be addressed in a video on your main channel, not on a side channel and only linked in the community tab of your main channel. You point out why you did what you did here and I understand why you felt the need for that, but it doesn't sound like what you told us over the past months. I still believe in what you 'preached', but do you? And please be honest.
I do not understand why this isn't on your main channel...   And your lesson is not that you saw an error in what you did hence you apologize for it, the lesson you learnt is that you were caught breaking the very principles any good doctor should reinforce which is a good public health and saving lives and especially during these times, social distance.  I am disappointed after watching your videos every now and then, enjoying the content from a legitimate doctor. But I believe after this situation the effect of my enjoyment changes, as every doctor passing medical school after years of hard work take an oath to protect lives at all costs and preserve health, which you broke all in this reckless stunt.    In this reckless activity of yours, instead of standing for those principles, saying no to your friends, you decided to join them on a boat with the 'maximum guideline limit' which refers to people on a boat while maintaining social distancing and mush your bodies together for photos and whatever else that wasn't caught on camera. You just defended your actions saying you follow 'guidelines' to ignore the other guidelines like *masks* & *Social Distance*.  You should take more time analyzing your actions prior to committing to them, not as an influencer that you are, but the doctor which you should be. Knowledge alone isn't what makes a doctor good, it's the knowledge that goes hand in hand with the principles they reinforce.
Don’t be so hard on yourself. Welcome to humanity. No one gets out of here without making a mistake, it’s how we learn. ❤️
This video has quite a lot of dislikes. :( He’s just a human like all of us. We all make mistakes. Don’t make him feel bad about it. Instead, give him motivation to do better next time. :)
Appreciate the apology Dr. Mike, we all make mistakes and NOBODY is perfect enough to pass judgment.
I turned 40 this year, I had a HUGE party... of 1! I celebrated my birthday on 30 March by myself in NYC (where I spent alone for months, until I joined a friend in NH, just a couple of months ago.) Sure I would have liked to go on a nice trip to celebrate the milestone, but I couldn’t, no, I wouldn’t because we’re in the middle of a PANDEMIC! SHAME ON YOU, Dr. Mike.
apology videos are 110% damage control.
Soo much negativity  in this comment section,  like comon we can do better then  this and no one deserves hate. Yeah he made a mistake soo what ,everyone  does!   Covid -19 is scary , real,  and  a lot of people are strugling right now ,but  we can' t stop  doing things we love  and  we can't stop  living  couse of it! 🙂 Just this  should be on your  other channel so more people could see it.
I am glad you have admitted this was a mistake, because it truly was a very very big mistake.  Those rules dont really adequately protect anyone.  What about the people you came into close quarters with on the way home?  What about your friends?  What about the people they might come into contact with? Your participation encouraged the event and you do not know that they will be as stringent as you intended after they left the party.  Plus what if you had contracted Covid 19 - do you really think the world benefits from having one less Doctor to help during a pandemic if you are out of action for a while or worse?  All this is of course in addition to the fact you have given people license to attack you when you were a good voice of reason when it came to Covid 19.  I'm not usually one for beating someone up when they have admitted wrong and apologised.  But the harm done here will take a lot to underdo. And I notice, as others have, that this was not on your main channel.  Yes you are human and yes humans make mistakes, but this was a series of errors here and a complete lack of judgement.  Lets hope no one did contract Covid as a result of this party
We all kinda saw this coming
He was too good to be true.
I’m very disappointed in you. This was a calculated choice not a mistake. The mistake was the photo being leaked
This is very first thumbs down I've ever given a video.  I am so disappointed in Dr. Mike.  Dr. Mike allowed conspiracy theorists to run with this because gave them the EVIDENCE to do so.  PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH DOCTOR.
Of all the things to get angry about, everyone's angry about this? This really isn't that big a deal. Get off your high horses, its not like he was at an influencer party with hundreds of people. Covid isn't going to go away, we all have to learn to live with it. We can't be expected to never go out or do anything, doctors included. He still followed the cdc guidelines for assessing risk. He's  allowed to be a normal person, he shouldn't have to shamefully explain himself for this.
You are sorry you got caught
Tissue ????
it’s already bad that he did this but it’s worse that it wasn’t just a family thing. and that  instead it was for his own pleasure having almost naked women all over him and likely fucking half of them later. he didn’t disregard morality and the health of other people for his family, he did it for himself.
Mike, why? I thought you were better than this. Reading these comments really is a bummer... 😔 Also, this really should be posted to your main channel. I only discovered this channel by accident, and didnt even think it was yours to begin with
If I, personally, understand you video correctly, you went to visit family and a friend surprised you with a late b-day present. While possibly knowing how hard you are working to help everyone and wanted you to enjoy yourself. I totally get it, we all need to breathe and do something fun (safely of course).   When this all started (the virus I mean) I had plans for my b-day to hang with friends and go out for dinner. Will that didn't happen quite that way due to the lockdown. BUT I did get to hang out with a friend and visit family all the while be safe! So long story short Dr. Mike I think you didn't do anything wrong. You were surprise and told how appreciated you are on your trip.
How many of you people went to see their family on thanksgiving?? We are all trying our best to adapt to this covid situation while protecting others. We all make bad choices once a while. Give him a break at least he owned up to his mistake.
He knows he screwed up big time and is apologizing for his actions! At the time on the boat he may of realized what he was doing was probably wrong but kept partying! I will still support you, thank for the apology because apparently no one commenting has ever made a mistake!!
This dude is a tool
Wow, I see everyone here being soooo judgemental , really? I guess because none of u has hang out with friends or family in 9 months, right ???? Really ?? 🤣 cut the BS, The only difference is that his life is public, please stop being so hypocrite !!!
You should of thought of Dr Fauci ....how are you going to talk to him again?
So sick of the president, governors, celebs, all telling us how dangerous this is and yet they’re all enjoying their big paychecks and lives. Many of us are struggling and I’m done. I’m done trying to wear a mask and stay safe while too many people f*ck off. I’m done “working hard” to stay safe and keep others safe.
after deleting comments? man....
Hey  we all make mistakes we really can't say they shouldn't or should be doing this and that in circumstances that are completely their own with apologies. He apologized, the way he knew how.
Yikes.
Haha! You just got caught.  It is a scam plandemic and you are paid off! You sound like a wimp! Just apologize and don't make lame excuses.
It kills me when people says masks doesn't work, I had to explain to my family that it works, in the beginning they believed it... But now cause stupid conspiracy theorists saying bullshit and no one is fact checking before they share
Most people screwed this year by ignoring the rules and making things worse, they went and had fun without a single care in this world... and for those who actually are following the rules... it is getting super tiresome to stick to them... it has been months and months of doing "work- home- work- home"... we deserve to relax as well. Dont be so hard on yourseld, we are only humans and we need to get loose sometimes.
Im Kinda confused... is he apologizing because he went on a trip? If so good for him and I’m glad he’s taking it seriously! I just want to ask because he didn’t make it clear what he was apologizing for.
I only know about this because it was recommended to me. It should have been posted on your main channel! So that's a no for me.
The boat capacity source he says he followed states 8 adults maximum. However in the photo there's at least 15 adults there? Even if the boats normal capacity was at or below 50%, doesn't that mean that it's still 8 adults maximum and the rest can be children?
How incredibly selfish are you? You’re a goddamned doctor and you knowingly put ALL of your patients lives in danger. You deserve to lose your doctor’s license for the gross negligence you displayed. You decided your fun was more important than all your patients’ lives. Disgusting.
Why isn’t this on your main channel?
It's amazing the amount of people that say that it doesn't matter that he didn't post the video on his main account
The CDC did come out and say masks are ineffective?
You are an official United Nations Ambassador for misinformation during the pandemic and you seriously say "I'm young, I don't have health problems, so I'm ok"?
I turned 18 recently without having any sort of celebration, I didn't even get a cake. You should be able to handle a birthday without a luxury boat trip. I appreciate that you've made this video to apologize, and that you recognize the poor choice you've made, yet I also agree with other comments suggesting you should have posted this on your main channel...   Sometimes you'll want to forget that you're an influencer, that your actions are viewed and judged by millions, but that doesn't mean you should neglect your chosen responsibilities. It seems like you've realized this, but the best way to show that to the thousands watching and criticizing is through your actions.
Bet! Post this on your main channel, coward! Big fucking bet, no balls!
What's killing me is that you're rolling over for these idiots.  Check the data my guy, there aren't any more deaths in the US than any other year. Same with Canada.  The people you should be apologizing to are the ones who believe this government controlled drivel about masks and covid. Now you've put another nail in their mental coffin. WAKE UP Take back your lives before you lose everything that matters.
He's shaking his head no the whole time... Is that a body language tell?
I got this was not okay, he is a doctor. But he is also HUMAN and is allowed to make mistakes. He understands that what he did was wrong and irresponsible and he’s apologizing. Give him a break, this could be you.
This is so upsetting in that the people we are supposed to listen to and trust can’t even take their own advice...this has been going on for almost a year now and everyone with half a brain should be well aware of the severity of it by now and how this pandemic is affecting our lives and those around us. This shouldn’t have been a mistake, and I can tell just by the way you’re talking that you still don’t get it, and you’re a doctor! It doesn’t matter if you’re young, it doesn’t matter if you “wore a mask”. You engaged in dangerous behaviour during a pandemic as a doctor who preaches minimizing social contact and taking care of patients. So incredibly selfish! You are young, but not immune, and you put people who could get it and even die from it in the worst position because you wanted to celebrate your birthday. People have lost family on their birthday because of this pandemic, and your “apology” on a secondary platform that almost no one knows exists fails to address the severity of this situation and the role model you set for everyone. If you even cared a little this would be on your main channel in the first place. You’re just upset you got caught. This is kind of rude, but although humans can make mistakes, I can’t believe you as a doctor (who is probably aware) STILL chose to selfishly put your interests above everyone else’s suffering. I wouldn’t want you as my doctor now or ever.
Lol take the L and move on
"I live alone" you're a DOCTOR
Wait I’m confused what did he do that he’s so upset about?
Thank you for everything you have taught us with your content! Remember you are a public figure and be careful, we all make mistakes but not all of us can admit and learn from them. Keep safe❤️
Chill guys everyone of us has broken covid safety guidelines multiple times out of boredom or missing our family and friends...don't kill the guy because he wanted to have some fun ..yes i know he is a doctor and has a big influence on people...but he is a human after all..he acknowledge that he missed up and shouldn't have done that  Please guys no body is perfect this year is hard as it is so let's have mercy on each other
Post this on your main channel without the deflections.
You used to be an inspiration Dr. Mike, but now you’re nothing more than a joke to me. Stick your half assed apology back where it came from.
Gotta be honest, there is nothing you can say that will convince me you are not a careless hypocrite. Such a shame.  The justifications you have given make no scientific sense on the context of the picures and you know that, the fact that you are even trying to justify it makes it even worst. (before you reply to me defending him, take a look at the pictures and judge for yourself, there is like 30 people at hugging range in just one of the pictures).
Why didn’t you post this in your main channel?
You want to be serious, put this on your main channel. You yourself said DON’T BE GOING TO PARTIES!
You know, the worst part about this is that I recommend this channel all the time to my friends for health advice. I fear that they'll see what he did and my friends will get mad at me for recommending the channel of a person that does not follow his own advice. I know my concern is selfish and I do have self-esteem issues, but it's just so disappointing to witness a "rules for thee, not for me" situation. I'm just barely willing to forgive him this once because we're all human and make mistakes, but this was a big mistake. Another one of these would be unforgivable. I also question the fact that this is posted in his smaller channel instead of his main one, but I guess it's better than nothing.
You're such a hypocrite! You're asking for forgiveness, instead of asking for the permission scenario! You knew what you were going to do and you knew you were going to ask for "forgiveness". Your apology is fake and insincere!
okay he realizes he made a mistake, he is not ignoring  it and blowing  it off. I mean of course  this is not an ideal situation for a doctor  especially,  and he did  not post it on  his main channel, but I think he is sincerely  sorry. And I'm not like " oh this  man can do no wrong" obviously  he just did. We all deserve  second  chances and I think this  is further proof to not believe  everything  you read/hear/see online...take it with  a grain  of salt.   Let me clarify..we all make choices  and every choice  has consequences  ...and looking back you can say  either ..okay that was a good choice,  or that was a bad choice  and I learned  from that  experience  and know not to do that again.
I felt you could have left out "I can't promise I won't make another mistake" which is equivalent to saying "BUT" which negated everything you just said. You're still giving yourself a way out still. I really love you Dr. Mike, but right now I'm still processing this and I really want to try to work it out internally where I can move pass this and try to remember all the good you've done and how you were basically holding my hand throughout this time where COVID was at the beginning stages. I hope time will heal and what I am feeling is just temporary anger/disappointment. It also did not help that everyone was in their bikinis and it made you look like a womanizer, that just added fuel to the fire. I still love you and won't forget all the great things you've done, but I just personally need some time to pass so these feelings can just run its course. I have to also remember you are human too, where I did place you at a higher standard because you are both a doctor and a public figure.
Dang, people here are being assholes. He has a responsibility to give a message for people to follow, and he’s using his education and experience to give the correct message. However, we’re not all perfect. We all make mistakes, and he is allowed to make a few. Just because of the position he holds, people expect him to be perfect. As he stated, it was a surprise gift. 😒😒 We all have been pressured to act a certain way in certain times by social rules, and maybe that was one too many for him to reject a gift. At least he learned his lesson, and he’s moving forward.
Yes you did mess up, but you also messed up by not posting this on your main channel. As a long time viewer and someone who's been doing my part in trying to reduce the spread, this is a slap in the face, especially to the people who have lost their jobs or loved ones throughout this time.
Just UNSUBSCRIBE. UNSUBSCRIBE folks
UNSUBSCRIBED you were the only ”legit” source for any med stuff I just feel like I can’t trust anything or anybody anymore
First of all you should have put this on your BIG channel not this little one that doesn’t even compare to the other one smh big cowered move.  I’m so deeply disappointed in him. He was all about staying home, wearing mask, staying 6ft apart, being safe, etc. Also I highly doubt that it was that much of a surprise considering the picture. I guess it’s not just Keran’s not wearing their mask.
You readily admit to having actively sought out the 'bare minimum' precautionary measures you could have taken for yourself, while advocating for a higher standard of pro-action from everyone else...this alone reveals much about your true nature. This hollow apology (after the fact) reveals even more.
Too scared to show it on your main channel? LOL
What frustrates me most about this is that you're posting your apology here. I would have never seen this had it not been on trending. Why not post this to your main channel? 🤔
Well poor you.. I’m sure most of America resonates with having your yacht party spoiled by leaked photos of you without a mask when you make a living advocating wearing masks. Life is full of tough decisions I know.
😬
I get it. It wasn't a good choice and it wasn't smart, but i get it. It just hits especially hard, since you usually act as a big role model and preacher of social distancing. Let's get this out there: It was not a smart decision and you didn't think it through well enough or you would have decided otherwise. BUT people make dumb decisions all the time and that doesn't mean they are bad people. Get tested, quarantine yourself for 2 weeks and make everyone on that boat do the same. Stand with your mistake and do better in the future. I still hope for more healthcare content from you.
As a "non-attractive, regular-looking" person, you could easily read the bullshit in this apology. I've been surrounded all my life by "hot, attractive" guys that don't really care much about what people think of them. They will only do things like this (apologies and whatnot) half-assed and not from the heart, mostly because of the fear of repercussions that may affect their ridiculously high self esteem that stem from being attractive and charismatic. Sorry, Mike, but this didn't feel sincere, after you've been telling people to protect themselves during these times.
To those of you saying "he's such a coward for not posting this on his main channel" or something to that sort, he did post this on his main channel in the form of a community update.
Y'all didn't actually listen to him and it shows...this was a sincere apology
This is dumb. You have nothing to apologize for. Your explanation at the beginning was sufficient.
I feel so sad. I really admired him, I don’t know what to think anymore
Doctor Mike's message is still true and this dude spends every day saving lives and educating people. We all need to cut down gatherings to a minimum and make that decision for ourselves. Doctor Mike acknowledges his mistake, he's human. Everyone talking smack about him must just be careful they don't get vertigo from the dizzying heights of their moral high ground.
Seriously dude? You know better and should be absolutely ashamed of your irresponsible behavior. Apologies don't cut it when you knew what you were doing was wrong. Lost all respect.
How do you mess up going on a party boat during a pandemic? The guy that is preaching to wear amass and socially distance.
Dr. Mike, as a fellow colleague in health care I must say that I am very disappointed. We, as health care professionals, must be the pillar models of what needs to be done to control this pandemic. Even though you say that you're young and healthy, there is a chance that you may be asymptomatic and transmit the virus to your patients. We have patients who have compromised immune systems, patients who count on us to provide clean and safe spaces for their health care. Please practice what you preach.
Can’t undo it, your credibility has been tainted 🤷🏻‍♀️
It's okay. You're not perfect
Breathe, correct your mistakes, learn from them and move on. Everyone slips up somehow at some point, it's part of the process.
my grandfather died on the 28th November , im young I dont have health issues I took tests but I wasn't allowed to see him, he went to the hospital by himself and died by himself and yet I still abide by the rules even though in England where im from Leicester has been In lockdoen since March and we have not came out to this date.
You are a #@$% hypocrite you did what you wanted not want was best for everyone around you . I had already unsubscribed  when you told people not to vape because of  diacetyl .Diacetyl was never in MOST vapes and the few that had it took it  out years ago when the popcorn workers got sick ( none of them vaped)  but I though maybe this nice young DR. should have another chance  but there you are just as selfish and willfully  ignorant  as you where before . You my be good looking and rich and you may be easy to listen but I an not a fan .
What a loser
You really can no longer make Covid videos going forward dude. You just can not preach one thing and do another. Yea you made a mistake. A mistake you knew you were making when you made it. Yea you can own it. BUT it does not change the fact that you made the mistake of preaching one thing and doing the other. 1st mistake - Traveling anywhere during a pandemic. 2nd mistake - meeting up with friends 3rd mistake - going on a boat with others 4th mistake - not wearing a mask OR even just wearing a mask when pictures are at least taken.  5th mistake - being so close to people not in your immediate family circle and not wearing a mask.  It is not just about your own risk factors and what might be ok for you to do safely. It is about the optics. It makes you look bad and stupid and arrogant.  Admitting when you are wrong does not in any way negate the damage you have do in so many ways. The least of which is giving the opponents to all the safety protocols  just one more thing to point at and say "Look, this is your Covid champion doing exactly what we think we all should be allowed to do" It set a bad example for those that are on the fence about should they give up on being safe during this Pandemic. It erodes the faith in those of use that are trying to get through all this and are feeling the long term effects of the isolation and covid fatigue.  AND you did all this while we are going through the worst spikes in Covid yet. (All because people like YOU are not following the whole do not travel.. do not meet up with friends.. WEAR a FUCKING MASK!)  You knew all this before you left.. You knew all this when you made the choice to do these activities. Now you must suffer the consequences of those actions. and that is to no longer be taken seriously with what you say regarding Covid.  Dude.. You did not just make a mistake and are wrong for doing it.. You Royally fucked up.
Thank you Dr. Mike. All we can try to do is own our mistakes, learn from them and do our very best to do better ❤
You have become a role model of education through your Chanel. Just dont forget whatever you do you have presented yourself as a trustworthy sourse of informasjon.    I Just hope you learn. Put this up on your main Chanel and do more work in order to fix this. Cause i truly feel a little heartbroken over the fackt that you seemed to not follow your own advice.   (Im sorry for my spelling. I have dyselexsia and im Norwegian)
I was scared you were going to tell us that you had the virus. I'm so happy that you are ok. We all make mistakes. Don't be so hard on yourself. Stay safe and healthy. 💕💋
This has disappointed me so much. Dr Mike was one of a few medical sources I would use to educate those around me about the pandemic and now I don't feel I can use his content when he doesn't practice what preaches.   It just feels so privileged and as someone that wants to bring people wrapped up in conspiracy theory about vaccines to a more understanding place, I thought you'd know better than to blame someone with faulty logic even if they have every right to be agitated.   We are all missing out on funerals, weddings and daily life but because of this pandemic.  It just feels such a privileged thing to do.....
The smile on your face when you talk about it says more than your empty and patronizing words.
Upload a better version of this on your main. Until then - I unsubbed.
🤦🏻‍♂️..... “come on, man.”
Forgive and forget. Why did you all place your faith on someone anyways? Everyone is flawed; no one is perfect. See I don’t understand this. Why do you all act like Dr. Mike is the only source for your knowledge...that his words should be taken to heart? Throughout a good chunk of his videos, he says to take everything you hear with a grain of salt...including his own words! He apologizes, yet you bring up irrelevant issues and criticisms. He admits to his hypocrisy on a platform that spreads it to the world, yet most of you are all dismissive and contemptuous. From what I’ve read, it’s more that you are all jealous. To everyone expressing disappointment...wake up to reality. Life isn’t about following influencers; carve your own path. Don’t put your faith in others, and if you do...realize that not everyone is perfect. Don’t be disappointed when your expectations for someone are shattered. If you don’t contribute to society, you have no room to talk. Dr. Mike if you see this, your apology is accepted. I don’t expect anything from you, and I never did. I’m just here for the facts. I hope to meet you someday as a future doctor.
Corona-Virus is a hoax. This man proves it by not following his own guidelines to prevent the totally virulent "disease". The Lockdowns are the real pandemic, doing more actual damage than the virus ever could
You followed all the guidelines ngl I don't see a fucking problem people just have their panties in a bunch.
I’m just curious if he honestly believed it wouldn’t get out? A famous (semi-famous?) person posing for a picture doing something they say not to do isn’t gonna spread on social media?
Wow. So many self righteous people in the comments. After ALL the good this man has done, you turn on him for this 1 choice. And my guess is we have all made our fair share of big mistakes and bad decisions. To those who are being mean, I sincerely hope people never treat you the way you are treating Dr. Mike.
I'm not mad but you could AT LEAST put that on your main channel
Yeah now it's he's fault... Come on... When you have your friends home do you wear a mask? Do you? Seriously... Idiots... And you Mike either wear a mask or don't take pictures...
I really thought he was better than this, I am so disappointed I cannot even put it into words. As an aspiring physician, he embarrasses me. 🙁
Okay, here are many many bad comments. I see and understand that your disappointed okay, but why do you write so many, sometimes disrespectful,  comments. I think anyone can make mistakes. Think about it in another way, if you wouldn’t know him, because he is not so famous for example, than you would just think why there are some person who are  don’t care or so, no clue what you would really think, but you would never attack a person like this. Like you do here. Yes he did wrong, but be happy that he said sorry etc. and take it. I mean, non of you, I’m very sure, did everything to 100% right since COVID-19, everyone was, at some point weak regardless if it’s a big or a small mistake, mistake ist mistake. So calm down, I think this is not the write space to be so angry at a person you don’t even know personally. Much love from Germany, and I need to say this here at the and again, I think it was wrong, yes. Was it a mistake? Yes! But he said sorry, so don’t be like this. We have so much going on in the world that you don’t need to spread so much hatred.
Ouch. These folks commenting do have points. You're right there with Nancy Pelosi and the other goons that don't walk their talk. I'm a Democrat, and even I think they were stupid to make such choices. One can't be a role model without integrity.
Why everyone throwing shade at Dr. Mike? He did what many other Americans did, go on vacation. We are social beings. What's wrong with living a little, especially if he followed the CDC guidelines. What's wrong with live and let live.
Regardless of how he made his initial decision, he fucked up and needs to (and in my mind has, by recording this video) own up to it. I would argue that being a celebrity whose fame is so intertwined with science and medicine, there is even a bigger onus on him to do right by his own words.
You cannot stop living your life due to the opinions of other people. Individual responsibility is the utmost important.   I am not responsible for every other person nor is anyone else responsible for me. A life lived in fear is not lived at all.
He's only apologizing because he was caught
How did this come about did people see or post pictures of him in miami??
wait, he has a second channel..?
Mikeeeee why didn’t you post this on your main channnnneeeellllllllll. My dude, this is not a good look on you. I didn’t even know you had this channel- it says a whole lot about you that this isnt on you main. You are a doctor you are held to a higher standard.
Dr Mike, this trip does harm the medical message. I don’t think deflecting the blame to conspiracy theorists is correct because by being on such crowded boat with the mask halfway down doesn’t communicate a mistake, it communicates that you do not believe the medical message is important. You can’t turn this into “my opponents pounced” because reasonable people see right through that. Anyone who has seen the pictures knows you were not social distancing and were doing hands on OMM on others. Obviously CDC boat guidelines don’t consider these factors. It also does not matter if you are healthy, because we know COVID spreads asymptomatically.  I don’t think this would quite so disappointing if your message for the last few months hadn’t  been so strict on COVID behaviors. If you acknowledged that people need family, and COVID is important but being apart from your community is also bad, then this wouldn’t be so controversial. You’ve been fact checking others, but it makes it hard to believe you take this seriously with this behavior. A lot of people with a lot less influence and money have turned down similar trips and gatherings worth far more to them, and it does compromise our willingness to go along with public health guidance, whether your political opponents pounced or not.
Why isn't this on your main channel. This situation shows me that its not as serious as you preach.
This is the best apology video I have seen. It’s honest he admired to his mistake and there’s no excuses. Explains how he is going to do better and it’s short and quick to the point. Big up for a good apology video
The women on the boat looks like they all go to same doctor for injections , can you please reveal that person name so we don’t go there ? Thank you
excuses, excuses
Excuses, excuses. Why do you get to make allowances for yourself? You're in a position of responsibility and authority, you have to maintain a higher standard. If idiots are talking conspiracy because of your actions YOU gave them the ammunition. Don't put yourself on a platform if you're not willing to live up the responsibility that comes with it. Disappointed in you, smh.
privileged doctors , very disappointing
Your sorry for following the rules that doesn’t make sense at all, what’s the point of living in fear all the time enjoy ur life!
I dont care about this drama because am not from fatmerica and i wear mask and do social distancing if it happend in my continent then i would care so yeah if you are from fatmerica or pedomerica then care about this drama
It’s amazing how many people can dump on a human being for being a human being, doctor, contractor, trainer, whatever.... he messed up talked about it, apologized and yet everyone’s got this incredible ability to judge and criticize someone for being a normal person... grow up folks seriously.
You should run for governor, your acting like a politician not a medical professional...
I’m more insulted by the fact he was dumb enough to pose for pictures.
what is up w that shirt? is it yellow? is it blue? I'm confused
Disappointed 😞
Post this on your main channel!!!!!
I think you/everyone should have the choice to do whatever the hell they want but practice what you preach if you go out of your way to preach. I honestly couldn’t care less if you didn’t follow the covid rules😂 the covid rules are dumb. I think if you’re concerned, keep doing what you’re doing and stay home while the ppl who aren’t go back to society~
people: Do not use what doctor mike did to discredit science! This is just a mistake by doctor mike, blame him if you want, don't discredit everything we have been working for to fight this pandemic.
you're a hack
Personally, seeing those photos made me unsubscribe. I had considered the possibility that everyone at that party had gotten tested prior, but it still didn’t sit right with me. If you had actually been following safety guidelines and got tested prior, that information should’ve come out prior to the photos leaking. Also, completely unrelated to covid, the nature of the situation that the photos were depicting made me uncomfortable. Not saying that there is anything wrong with hanging out with a group of women, but the implications of how you and the women on the boat were posing definitely put you in a very unprofessional and sexist light. As a woman who trusted your medical advice and liked your content, it made me uncomfortable.
I'm unsubscribing. I'm sincerely sorry that the medical community has to deal with this hypocrite putting a stain on their reputation. He should know better than to do this.
Imagine him going over the Covid checklists with Patients.
That's disappointing
After years of watching you with my now teenage son and holding you up as an example to him, you prove yourself to be a hypocrite and a sleazy fratboy behind the scenes. You lost a fan, but even worse, you lost the respect of a young man who aspires to become a doctor. What a disappointment.
How many of us have here have had an inside gathering at our house or attended one somewhere else? How many people have been around others outside our household without a mask on or have had sex with someone outside our household? Shared a drink, food, hugged, kissed, been in close proximity or have been amongst a large crowd since this pandemic has started. Mike made a bad choice and he admitted to it being a conscious decision but seriously we need to stop placing people on a pedestal just because they’re “celebrities” or “public figures/influencers”. We’re all human, we all make bad choices and as long as we learn from those choices those incidents shouldn’t define us. It’s understandable if you don’t trust him anymore but condemning is honestly pointless and unnecessary for making a decision we honestly probably would’ve made also if we were in his position
So who is worse, the people who tell you they don't believe in masks and they don't wear them, the people who say they believe in masks then don't wear them or the people who say they believe in masks and don't wear them then blame the people who say they don't believe in masks.  The Governor of MI gets caught going to lake house after telling people not to, the mayor of Denver who says stay home then travels to be home with his family. now this guy is like all of the other YouTubers who says do as I say not as I do but then has the audacity to blame others for the message he puts out there with his own actions.
Dude your a hypocrite just own up to it man
I forgive you.
Look dont get me wrong i love your videos but i lost alot of respect from this you cant tell me that you would say sorry if thoose pics hadn't leaked besides you really shouldve put this on your main channel
At the end of the day..... he’s human.... don’t think your a better person because you’re calling him out. He knows, he’s going to do better....
I will add this video to my examples that education cannot teach character
Pretty gross that he’s been informing people about mitigating COVID-19 when he’s going out and partying
I dont know what happend but people are being to harsh, you apologized, you cant go back in time to fix it, you just have to move forward. Someone commented saying you're a coward while everyday you go to work and help people, that doesnt seem like a coward to me. I love your content so much and people need to understand there are other people that make mistakes and this should be the least of their worries. 😊
Show the pics doc
People actually trust and listen to celebrity narcissistic doctors? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I don't get it what are u sorry for
and it was at that moment he knew............................. he fudged up.
Anyone else saw Dr. Todd Grande's vid? Nope? Jus me? Alr
Whoever set up the boat ride is not a friend
4:07 We all are!. And the impact is still loud and clear. You are following CDC Guidelines? No? I live in Florida and I went to NYC. I took the Covid19 Test to go to NYC. I followed their guidelines. I came back home and followed the guidelines here. I am taking a test tomorrow. If Florida is working accoding to CDC guidelines and so is New York then,... they should be the same.  Are there any diffrerence? Well... In NYC you must take a test but they don't even ask you for the result. Just for the Health form that I filled out.  🤷‍♂️ Big Deal! Anyone can fill it out! In Florida, they did not ask for excrement. So... why the Catholic chest beatings? I wore a mask all the times and I kept my distance. No, I did not go to any party. Just stay home with my family.
This video has to be in your main channel
Gg, doc.
“We all make mistakes.” “He’s only human.” “He’s apologized.”   Seriously did some of you not understand that he and his friends flew cross country to have a birthday party with dozens of people? And by people I mean Instagram models. It’s not like he went to see family for Thanksgiving. It’s not like he forgot his mask at the supermarket. He and 15 other people partied it up maskless in Miami.
Even if you messed up (which i don’t think you did) you do not deserve hate comments. No one does. Hate is not okay. Thank you for being you. Don’t be hard on yourself. ❤️❤️❤️
The fact that there are these many comments hating on him so hard for this is disgusting. He was on a boat where everyone there was there because they wanted to be, not because they had to. That is called personal choice. It's not the same thing as if he were in public in a grocery store, street, or gym where he could put other people who do not consent at risk. He's as much as a human being as he is a doctor, people need to relax and focus on their own safety.
It’s ok we are all humans it was a mistake we forgive you
Dr. Mike, I think you should put this on your main channel.
"Look guys, I was trying to smash and my d!(k overrode my brain. It's a medical thing look it up. Logic centers shut down. Blood leaves the cerebral cortex and routes into other organs. Thought processes switch from top-down to bottom-up as the lizard brain takes control. And thus I saw dem b**bs and I didn't take my own advice. I f***d up. Forgive me."  Perfectly fine response, would accept that. ( I got that out of reddit)
This is so fucking stupid. Do we need some random YouTuber to be our "example" as adults? No. You know its a pandemic do what is best for you and leave dude alone because just like the rest of us he's a random human on the internet.
All the people telling us to wear masks and social distance are caught not wearing masks or social distancing. Easy solution: let people determine their own level of acceptable risk. Stop forcing others to make you feel better.
Yall be so butt hurt about people on the internet not following rules one time, but won't say anything to the Karen in front of you in line without a mask on or not keeping their distance. Check yourself before hurting others.
It’s very disappointing as someone who has looked towards you for information and updates about this pandemic. It’s especially disappointing because you did exactly what you’ve been telling everyone not to do for months now and you knew what you were doing was irresponsible before you did it, you just chose to do it anyway. I’ve had a lot of respect for you but man. This feels like betrayal almost.
Keyboard warriors of the Internet found something to be offended and upset about. Shocker...
Doctor Mike, thank you for being sincere and truthful! I still can't believe this is all happening to you. Definitely a hard lesson learned. But we're all human!!! And I've always enjoyed watching your videos. So thank you so much for spreading knowledge about all kinds of medical stuff. Even now, there is so much for all of us to learn. Stay strong, stay safe, and stay healthy!
He is using this apology video to build viewership of his second channel 🙄🙄🙄
what even is he apologizng for? this apology is terrible
Wow you people are so rude. I think he understands that he messed up. I still support Dr Mike. I think at the end of the day he is human and we all make mistakes.
What a hypocrite!
The people getting mad at you are the same people who wear masks without it covering their nose
Why you apologizing?  You shouldn't have to apologize for hanging out with friends.  Especially outside in the open.  Are there seriously people who haven't hung out with their friends since March?  God I feel bad for those people.
I feel like I'm the only one that thinks he shouldn't have to apologize for being a human. Was it a bad idea? Probably, BUT that's what being a human is, learning from our actions.
Mike just done it publically, it was wrong but like stop eiht the hate
I feel like this would have been more sincere without the staggering amount of excuses. I think you did learn something from this: as an influencer, your every move is criticized publicly. You need to practice what you preach, ESPECIALLY in public. I honestly don't understand why you thought this wouldn't come back to you. Maybe you didn't realize how big of an influencer you are, but nothing, including that, justifies this. You knew it was wrong. You preached it was wrong. You're human, I get that; but you're also a DOCTOR. A FAMOUS doctor at that. Any other kind of youtube celebrity might have gotten off easy by just apologizing, but this stuff is the BASIS of your channel, which YOU'RE NOT EVEN POSTING THIS ON. I really hope you learned going forward, and that you didn't get covid from this. You will have to earn the trust of your audience back now.
I mean, i understand that what he did was wrong, as he has admitted, but frankly, 99% of the people commenting, have broken the guidelines before, maybe not to this extent, but i reckon another 80% of you would do exacrly what he did if you had that option, i myself am not a saint in this, and i admit that, i have been in the car with one of my friends a fair few times recently and i've veen to his house a fair amount, which technically speaking isn't allowed. But in some ways i think everyone should be allowed a release every now and then, this man is a doctor who has been in the front lines day in day out saving people's lives, maybe, all of the people who are hating on him, or calling covid a scam, should grow up and understand he's a fecking human, he's going to make mistakes, and as he's admitted, this was a big big mistake, and whether you admit it or not, he has done more to help this virus than every one of us combined, cut the guy some slack, it comes down to this.-He fucked up by going on that trip, but atleast he has the balls to admit that, aswell as that, he has done so much to help the situation with this virus, what have we done, nothing, so maybe, just maybe, we try and see bith sides of this for once. As humans we tend to stick to what we believe in our minds is right amd we cant always see bith sides, maybe for once we try and understand the fact that although he fucked up, he's human, and ontop of that, he's a bloody good human who's done more to help people than most of us could ever dream of doing. Rant over.
How dare Dr. Mike get stupidly excited during a celebration and respond like a normal human being! I understand folks' disappointment in his behavior, but this one moment of hypocrisy is being blown out of proportion, simply because he's a public figure.  SOOO many people (if not most) are hypocrites who fail to practice what they preach. Yes, it's extra upsetting to see Dr. Mike fail to live up to his own standards in this one instance, but plenty of leaders and politicians do just the same.  Don't go throwin' them stones until you take a good, hard look at yourself and the others you forgive or turn a blind eye to.
EVERYBODY STOP ACTING LIKE YOU ALL ARE PERFECT, LIKE YOU ALL HAVE REMAINED FAITHFUL TO THE COVID-19 REGULATIONS  Dr.Mike made a choice which he knew better although now he has apologized  STOP DEMANDING AND EXPECTING PERFECTION, YES HE IS A DOCTOR, YES HE KNOWS BETTER BUT HE HIMSELF IS STILL A HUMAN, HE MAKES MISTAKES, HE MAKES WRONG DECISIONS.  HE HAS APOLOGIZED NOW PLEASE LEAVE IT AT THAT, THAT IS HIS FAMILY IF ANYONE GOT INFECTED THERE THAT IS THEIR LROBLEM IT HAS ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU SO STOP ACTING LIKE YOU HAVE KEPT A PERFECT 2 METERS APART THIS WHOLE TIME PLEASE !
Hm wonder why don't u post this on your main channel 🤭
You are not sorry at all! Put it on your main channel. Coward!
OK shut the ef up dude
Eh we're all hypocrites to a degree... Some are just lucky enough to get paid for it.
Doctor Mike as the saying goes 2 Eire is human and to forgive is divine. Okay so you made a mistake we all do you are human as well as a doctor but first you are human. And quite frankly you deserved that little break from this pandemic you did all the research and you followed all the precautions and you were self isolating you're absolutely did nothing wrong. I live in Newfoundland and we have an Atlantic bubble and we are we can travel to Pei New Brunswick and Nova Scotia however even with just these provinces our numbers are now climbing again we are up to 32 cases in Newfoundland and Labrador. I will never stop watching your Channel just because you made a decision to take a little break and travel not really that far and do everything that the CDC has set out for you to do. And in my opinion you do not deserve any negative comments. I am also Christian so as Jesus said thou without sin shell cast the first stone. I don't know about the rest of the community that follows you but I know I can't pick up any stone. Love your Channel will continue to watch say hi to beer from his fellow newfoundlander
Please put this on your main channel. ALL your followers have the right to know about this terrible lapse in judgement!
Easy to ask for forgiveness when you get caught messing up
"Someone offered me a boat party, I couldn't just say no!"
Dbag
I understand that he made a mistake, I see a lot of people in the comments clowning him because you expected him to be perfect, we all say a lot of things that we believe we will stick to or we believe is true and we will always make mistakes. Adding a negative with a negative will not bring out a good outcome! I just don’t see the purpose of hate comments sometimes as if you are perfect!!!!🤦🏾‍♀️
I don't think that you are down playing the pandemic. Social and mental health is just as important as physical health. Don't be too hard on yourself because you chose to have a mental health trip with people you care about. People will get mad no matter what you do. You made a judgement call , risk vs benefit. The benefit was to take care of your social and mental health. What may be okay for one may not be for someone else. Your risk is low. Don't be too hard on yourself because a few people have big opinions. :)
He followed the quid lines. Was putting no one at risk. See nothing wrong with this. Mike did and does many good things for the community. Seeing all these hate comments makes me sad, and proves that cancel cloture is just trying to cancel good persons. Mike deserves better 💙
What a hipocrit
Okay, so he made mistake. He realizes it, acknowledges it, so why can’t we give him another chance? It’s ok to be disappointed in someone, but I think we have to love him first before condemning him.
This was stupid.  Do what you wish. Shouldn't be roasted for having fun.
Dr. Mike, you’re the best. Your humility shines. You’re the most reflective doc I know on you tube along with some others. We all evolve within the profession. Yes, we take feedback from our peers, but rude-negative comments pay no attention to. You do not deserve that. They serve no purpose. You have served people very well. Be proud!
He jus said sorry cus he got caught and looked like a thirsty horny🐕.being around hot girls.i know quarantine has us frustrated.and act stupid when we get out.a hor doc will never be with ordinary girls.way to go mike
First, this was a choice. You had to plan this party, you checked the guidelines (which were 10 people, not 15), and you decided this was a good idea. You didn’t make a mistake, you made a choice and didn’t consider the impact and consequences of your actions when you’re thoroughly well equipped to have done so.  Secondly, I hope that you’re at LEAST quarantining yourself for the CDC recommended time or have gotten a covid test (your plans for mitigating the damage of your poor choices should have been addressed in this video imo). If I were your patient, I’d be extremely concerned if you were taking appointments right now considering this was never addressed.   Thirdly, I’m extremely disappointed to hear the you decided to censor people instead of addressing your mistake before it became too big to ignore. This should also have been addressed here. Not to mention, this video should be on the channel where people will see it, rather than your obscure second channel. I can only see this as an attempt to either hide this from people who don’t know or to attempt to boost this account’s visibility. Either way, a bad look.
Dang what a disappointment, seeing those clips made me see a Version of you that Was ehh like a ignorant college boy...I mean hey people make mistakes but not a fan of that hypocrisy sorry man
Bravo
Also, your nose is growing. . .   Re-VOTE THE WHOLE ELECTION, VERIFIABLE AND IN-PERSON!!!  Only way to ensure faith in our elections process going forward.  What is there to be afraid of?
Can someone get this in front of Pewdiepie to add to the next "Rating Youtuer Apologies" vid  🤣 ...  This entire story is just exceptional, 108 million people need to see it 🤣🤣🤣
Dr. Mike is still a good person.  The people he’s apologizing to are the people who love to cancel people cause they’re jealous.  These people act like they are perfect and everyone else is evil.
Wear an undershirt, dude.  Just because you are a supposed doctor doesn't mean we need to see your heartbeat.
He knows the pandemic hysteria is blown out of proportion.
I think the only thing that worries him is he will likely lose money as the result of his callous actions.
You know Mike, you are a good guy. You provide a valuable lesson about medical issues to a young demographic.   Also, everyone screws up and takes a risk now and then.   I totally believe you regret doing it, and have learned a lesson.   For what it's worth, I don't think any less of you.
Dr. Mike, please post this to your main channel. Lots of people (including myself) really look up to you, and this is a pretty big blunder considering everything that's going on. Were you absolutely 100% certain beyond a shadow of a doubt that every single person on that boat didn't have Covid, or had recently been exposed? Did everyone get tested and still isolate for 2 weeks before meeting together? Because if not, even though your personal risk is low you still messed up big time :c
Please post this on your main channel.
Let's play a quick game of WHAT IF: (It's long but I would recommend the whole read.)  1) What If you were exposed and showing NO SYMPTOMS of COVID and then you spread that to the group of people on the boat. Then the people on the boat didn't show any symptoms but they then visited someone who was compromised and now that person has COVID and could probably die.  2) What If A doctor without a social media platform and following, A doctor that wasn't labeled "The Hot DR", did this same exact thing. That doctor would more than likely get fired for not only compromising the staff around him back at work but then also compromising his patients. You don't get to rely on your platform and following and looks. That's wrong.   3) LAST ONE, What If you decided to party on a boat during a pandemic as a doctor and then were caught at that party and labeled a hypocrite. What if you then started blocking comments on social media calling you out. Then, you uploaded an "apology" video to your 2ND CHANNEL, not even your main channel. What if you did that? Hmm? But you wouldn't... would you?   No excuse. You had to make a decision so many of us have made this year. Do I risk spreading COVID or Do I live my life? Many of us have missed more than a BOAT PARTY. Some have even missed being by their loved ones' sides as they die because they simply can't be there because the DOCTOR says it's not safe. No excuse.
Lmao he gotta take the L and cut out all that bullshit
It's okey, nobody can always follow every rule en I know that you are a role model but you're olso just a human. You have teached me a lot en you have diserved some free time to!
Bro you could’ve just not partied
Oh and all of you are perfect! The man is that, a man, a human with flaws and a conscience to deal with.
I, and my entire city (melbourne), were able to go through an extreme 4 month lockdown where we were only allowed to leave the house for medical appointments, groceries, exercise or essential work. We reduced our cases from 700+ per day to 0 for an entire month. Mask laws are only just starting to be lifted (they must still be worn indoors and if you are unable to distance outdoors).  The fact that you, a medical professional, couldn't even do the bare minimum rubs me the wrong way. I don't care how healthy you are. I care about the people you are in contact with and WHO THEY are in contact with. You don't live in a bubble. You live in a network of people each with their own medical issues.   People from the US need to stop assessing their COVID-19 in terms of them dying but rather them contracting it. The main difference between countries that have eliminated COVID-19 and those that havent is if they have a selfish or utalitarian point of view. Sometimes you need to sacrifice personal freedoms for the lives of the most vulnerable in your community and clearly this wasn't something Dr Mike was willing to do.
🥴Just Wow. The Nerve. *Sighs* 😩 Covid and quarantine just be showing off People with huge Platforms for the morons they are. A lapse of good judgement?😖 Dude... we cannot unsee those pics. 🤥 You look the same as those dumb college kids on spring break.🙄 Face Mask - what? Social Distancing - why? Handsantizer - when? And Necessarry/Emergency Travelling - who and how? For anybody else this is bad but - DUDE 😫 YOU'RE A DOCTOR WHO DELIBERATELY BUILT A HUGE GLOBAL PLATFORM AND PRESENCE TO DO WHAT EXACTLY? Who told you to take 5 from a global pandemic? 🙃 Were you coerced?  You gonna act like you don't know what America's numbers are and FL ain't got shady stats on senior covid mortality rates and infection rates on the whole? 😡😡😡 You are not the Kardashians Kevin!!! YOU KNOW BETTER.😤😤😤 Has NY's stats shown such a significant reversal or reduction that you were convinced the worse is over?🤨 This is no apology. 🤔Howzabout you let your PR team and Agent write you a better one and rehearse it with a good acting coach then repeat this. 🤣🤣🤣 But stay off talk shows... hosts catching heat too.
Mistake. You made a choice. You didn't need to get on that boat
I was scared to go to a small party that I was invited to but after seeing you do what you did I got confidance and I decided that I will go to it, I'm young and healthy so I won't catch it. Can't wait to see my friends. Thanks  And no I'm not being sarcastic
Does anyone know how long the party was?
Honestly, exected more from you. You are a doctor. You knew better. What you did was entitled and selfish.
“The primary goal of entertainment was preserved”- Dr. Grande🔥
CAN - CE - LLED
God the comments on this video are bang on
You say you learned? You should know not to do that! You say we need to stay at home and use masks. Yet you don't? And when you "apologize" you don't even have the balls to put this on your main channel.  You have lost lots of my trust. It can be earned back but it takes years to earn trust and seconds to lose it.
Dr Mike,   I am extremely disappointed in you. I am a nurse who worked in a covid ICU and healthcare professionals like you....partying and disregarding social distancing guidelines but also trying to come up with excuses...that’s just a slap in the face to your fellow colleagues working on the frontlines. Do better.
This guy’s a sham, the real Dr Mike is Dr Mike Yeadon, ya heeerd
the real answer to this was "i didn't think anyone would find out"
This feels like this should be posted on his main channel... Kinda dodging the full accountability here.
Wow. Such hate, guys. Haven't you ever made mistakes that you regret doing in your life? Do you think that, by degrading him now, you become more responsible and reasonable? Quarantine has hit all of us. I had to deal with issues of mine concerning my family, my friends, my whole perception of my social life. It's very likely you had to deal with more serious problems than me. He also was hit from quarantine. Do you think that by having an extra buck, you have solved all your life problems? Think that he's a doctor, AND he's a social media personality. He feels obliged to inform us with the truth concerning our health, and makes all of this content while dealing with his job. He chose to go to this yacht. Was it a clever decision? No, it wasn't. And he understood it wasn't. And he had the courage to make a video apologizing for it, because he knows that you may be in a more difficult situation than he is currently in. He felt the need to do this. And the best you can do is to degrade his apology and criticize him for his hard-earned money and his wrong decisions? I think it's time you also understood that you also make wrong decisions. I make wrong decisions. And the key to all of this is understanding your mistakes and apologizing to whom you feel the need to apologize. And moving on, by learning from your past mistakes.
We accept your apology. You didn’t kill anyone. You being on a boat with a group of friends DOESNT cancel the fact you’ve been on the front lines through this ENTIRE pandemic and educating MILLIONS of people who would’ve otherwise been ignorant to the threat of covid19 without you and the important message you are spreading. You are an important wild fire. All the way from Canada, keep being you.  Nikki
First of all I want to thank you for acting how MOST people your age and demo should be acting during this pandemic. Gov Gavin Newsom did the same. Because you’re intelligent enough to know the risk level. Thank you for showing us all in the same how we should be acting. That being said your apology proves You’re a spectrum alright-  of bullshit.
You're forgiven! I'm sure every single person out there has done the same thing at least once since March. We are human and need each other.
Here’s the thing, I get it... people are mad at you for being at a party during a pandemic. Other youtubers have got in trouble for this, what I don’t get is how people will try and cancel you for this. Nobody wanted to be in a pandemic and you miss enjoying life. You made a mistake and admitted that you were wrong, for that.. you have not lost my respect.
Did a bad job at apologizing. Shouldn't have defended your doings.  I appreciate you for providing right information through communicating well, but you are bad at apologizing. And why apologize on side channel? Put it in the main channel as soon as possible. This is so wrong.
So as a doctor, he evaluated the risk of COVID and determined it to be ok. Got it. PARTY TIME!!
I don’t watch this guy, I’m only here cause it’s trending, but what a total moron. The way he ‘calculates his risk with the cdc website’ was such bullshit, just because your young and healthy doesn’t mean everyone is. He’s a self proclaimed influencer doctor and now he’s gonna influence a bunch of idiots to think it’s okay to party if your young and healthy.
No one is perfect. Stop holding this guy on a pedestal - everyone falls off their perch a few times in their life.  I dare some of those ppl to get on social media and admit to a mistake they themselves have made; one that might bring ridicule and shame.  And, at the end of the day, if you feel so strongly about it, instead of writing a comment he’ll likely never read, UNSUBSCRIBE from him.
Sorry but no, you are no longer someone I can ever trust. You are just a person who is just a doctor and does everything for a paycheck like every other person and that's fine but nothing more.
Let’s be real, as soon as Dr. Mike saw the ladies in bikinis he peewooped right on to that boat.
Largest lesson here, if you make money off of the public eye, then you have to take into account it is not just you anymore. Applogy is a step forward, but you have to show action, because as you can see, words are cheap.
I’m very disappointed, yes your a human but your also a doctor you told us to stay home and isolate but your partying in maimi
It’s not just the matter of subscribes or health care workers. Your action destroyed the trust between doctors and the population in the middle of a pandemic. That was not anywhere near professionalism.
Another "I messed up video" .. Saw a lot of those in 2020
you were the last person i expected to do this. now what would happen if he wasn’t caught on this boat. i bet he wouldn’t have made this video. disappointed.
Ehh I’ll pass 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
For those of you calling out Dr. Mike for putting this on his 2nd channel. It might not be on trending if it's was on his main channel.
Interesting how you never mention that on the boat there was a massive party 😂
Mike, I won't lie and say I wasn't disappointed. You have really been a standout during this time- giving information and advice, coupled with humor and warmth. Seeing you partying on a boat with a bunch of "Instagram Models" (most of whom, frankly are basically just escorts) was the most disappointing aspect. You assessed YOUR personal risk, but didn't think of your patients. You're better than this! However you are HUMAN. And the perks of fame can be irresistible, so I do understand. No one is infallible.   This doesn't undo your hard work and education, and I absolutely still respect your knowledge, hard work, and desire to help others.   Keep being the best you that you can be. Sending love to you.💖🖤
It was kinda a slam not to see you follow your own advice but we are human and maybe you learned that you have weaknesses that makes you as humble as you portray yourself. Kudos to you for realizing that you are vulnerable and you deserved to enjoy your time away, I hope maybe that evening you found someone special to share your life with. Sending hugs to you from Wisconsin.
I'm disappointed Mike. 🤔
DO YOU KNOW HOW IRRESPONSIBLE THIS IS? Your platform is HUGE as a DOCTOR.  Do you know how many Anti maskers are going to use your actions as justification for going out and not wearing a mask? You may have single handedly killed thousands of people with this party of yours, I hope you're proud of yourself.  An apology is not warranted when you literally have killed people due to your arrogance and selfishness.   Disgusted, truly.
All of you butthurt about this, give this man and other celebrities way too much credit, all of you in this comment section acting holier than thou, acting like you wouldn't do the same thing 🤣🤣 it makes me laugh. You expect him to be an angel? Why? Because you watch his 10 min videos on the internet? This generation is all kinds of backwards. It's no surprise that being a Physician has the highest burn out of history.
Your just sorry you got caught🖕
First, if you are not in risk, that put in danger other people. I mean patients that you interact may have risk farcors that you know only after. You also said you visited your father, so if you went back to him, you put him in risk as well. Your colleagues...  Also, as you use mask for walking with you old dog (who can also be infected) and workout with mask, you could have put mask on the party.  I hope you isolate yourself for 2 weeks to not putting in risk these ones you interact with...
We all make mistakes and sometimes it cost us so much but admitting the mistakes and learning  from them means that you are responsible and you care dr  mike dont worry i wish our leadres were like you God bless you and takecare of yourself bro
Lol bro you sailed the SS douchebag with a bunch of thots....this isn’t a “mistake”, it’s a reveal.
Thank u for admitting when you're wrong. Not many people can do it, so i really aprieciate it. Keep learning from your own mistakes and keep being so true. I love you. Stay safe <3
This is embarrassing. Excuses. Posted on his 2nd account.
Am I the only person who doesn’t have a problem with this? Like not only did he CHECK the guidelines for the boat, the risk, and get tested! He also made sure that he  followed all the rules. And not to mention, his family has a place in Miami. If I was a rich doctor with hot model friends, then I would have done the same thing for my birthday. It’s just him and his friends, and everyone was tested before an after. Yes Mike is an influencer, but he is also a DOCTOR first. I’m sure everything he did was with the best of intentions and no one was at risk.
LOL an apology video filled with baseless excuses and self-pity posted on an ALT CHANNEL. Give me a break dude, you're a hypocrite -- simple as that. What a fucking disappointment.
It was not the impact of your TRIP It was the impact of your BEHAVIOR Don't say I'm Sorry,BUT.just admit and don't put blame in the action of others.  DON'T even begin talking about guidelines! YOU SHOULD KNOW BETTER ABOVE ALL!! For us in the frontline I can say I'm deeply deeply disapoited in you. WE.ARE.DYING, PACIENTS ARE DYING while you're not even working!!!
The fact that this is not on your main channel makes it feel less legitimate of an apology.
Dr. Mike, I have COVID, pneumonia in both lungs, & 4 kids who have to  homeschool. I've now been sidelined from my reselling business for the *entire* 4th quarter, even after doing everything "right" to avoid infection. I have only one employee, who actually offered to come work WHILE I WAS SICK, even though she has Lupus, because she can't afford the time off. So, while I'm glad you're sorry, & glad you're going to engage in "self-reflection", you can't erase whatever damage you've already done. You can't un-infect anyone you might have spread the virus to. Dear God, Florida has been the Petri Dish for the US since it spread there, & you actually went *yachting*. I know you probably wanted a day off & wanted to have some fun, but you actually, literally, deprived others of their chance to do that, by contributing to the spread. My youngest has been begging to go to the Ball Pit since March, for God's sake! I have to keep telling her no, because people like you justify their COVID vacations. And....I still get COVID. You, & your Young Healthy Self™ probably won't.  So, no, apology not accepted. What you did was both dangerous & selfish.
Did you do chest compression,  chest compression,chest compression?
Just preach what you TURLY believe in— so you remain consistent and you don't become a hypocrite and apologising for having a birthday.
I decided to unsubscribe because I just can't take this hypocrisy anymore. I am so sick and tired of people in the health care community, in government, in education, etc telling the public "you need to wear a mask" and come to find out they don't follow the same rules. It's total bullshit and I'm done tolerating it. I wish you the best of luck.
Disingenuous to put this on his second channel, knowing that it will get less viewership and therefore his brand will take less of a hit
You lied to everyone who looked up to you and this is a bullshit apology
😭
What he did was wrong. but some of the "criticism" people are throwing at him is vary hostile and unneeded to get your point across. (i understand "but some of the "criticism" is pretty vague, if you don't think this message applies to your comment, it probably doesn't. i am only talking about some of the more extreme comments")
So I deleted my Twitter where I discussed this matter, but I’ll discuss it here instead: Yes as a social media influencer (of some kind) there’s always going to be scrutiny with eyes watching you. But at the same time I only come to you for medical advice, since I really honestly trust what you’re telling me and it’s not just about the COVID-19 videos it’s other health related issues that I’m like wow this guys a doctor he knows what he’s saying I definitely don’t so maybe I should pay more attention. Yes we all make mistakes this is true, but based upon what we see as photographic evidence it wasn’t a small gathering and if a doctor that was a champion for proving that the false information is indeed false, and how we should all be wearing a mask it’s irresponsible not to wear a mask at that party or take your own advice. My family since I was a literal baby has always had these Christmas gatherings to see people you don’t see any other time of these year. These people now, the majority besides us “kids”, are in their late 60’s. I don’t know if we are even having a family gathering and if I’ll even see them next year because once again they’re getting up there and my family has a history of people dying in their late 60’s early 70’s. If I can’t see my family, why is it okay for someone to party on some boat with a bunch of hot girls and not following the rules? God forbid you got sick too cause I think you’re lovely. I’m just disappointed
Major Jonah from superstore vibes
Thank you for apologizing. I came here today to unsubscribe and realized I had never subscribed. I was hurt when I saw the pic of you on that boat. It felt like a stumbling block for me. But....you had a sincere apology that I accept. I even subscribed.
I mean, is this guy for real? I would have appreciated it more if he was like I am young, I got money, I want my hoes. Period
Thank you for this message, but I honestly believe you should put it in your main account since almost no one comes to see this one and a lot of people are waiting for this explanation and regret, it would be really beneficial.
Lol he’s an Influencer doctor wtf go do your job
People make mistakes we still have to remember that doctors and other health care providers are humans too. Obviously what he did wasn’t right, but if you guys depict it and get mad and leave hate comments how will there be improvement and growth??
At least he apologized and took accountability
The only people who can criticize him are people who follow corona virus protocols, wear masks, etc. Y’all can’t say ANYTHING if u party or don’t wear a mask because that makes you a hypocrite
Naughty naughty.
nah fam. you chose to do this.. this wasn't a "mistake". you say you were following rules and guidelines but you weren't even maintaining a basic 6ft distance. one would expect a doctor to follow his own advice. do as i say not as i do is not valid. especially not for doctors.
I'm sorry, but you knew better. You made several videos about wearing masks and staying home. As a Doctor you have a responsibility and this is not good enough. Posting this on your second channel only and on none other social media makes me think you hope it will not blow up and most people won't notice, but you can still claim you addressed the issue. You lost your credibility for me. I have difficulty believing you after doing something so selfish and reckless.
Dr. Mike: “I’m young, healthy  and live alone, so I'm not putting anyone at risk“   Also Dr. Mike 2 mins later: "I was going to my dad's house in Miami"
Bruh who cares. Do you what you want. Get tested to make sure you’re okay. People just want something to be mad at.
pretty sure he hasnt even gotten tested and also everyone on that boat
Mad respect for coming out and saying you were wrong. Need to normalize this right here 👍🏻
I've never seen such hypocrisy in one video
IMHO you are young and your brain thinks it is immortal when fun comes along.  Folks need to deal with it and leave you in peace.  I am an old woman who wears a mask and avoids things just in case but offered a boat party with swimming I might just throw my mask into the air and holler follow me.
>Curb your Enthusiasm
lost follower!! coward
I really liked you.
Hypocrite
What makes this worse is that *you* doing this gives ammo to people who think the pandemic is bullshit, thank you for that.   This is a non apology and you should actually post one on your main channel
HOW COULD YOU DO THIS DR MIKE
so we all should stay home for the holidays but Dr. Mike gets to fly to Miami to see his dad and party with friends?
My best friend is laying in a hospital bed right now and he might die due to covid, and I can’t see him or talk to him. But you’re on boats with Instagram models. How dare you. I’m disappointed.
It's pretty shady how you posted this on a channel with less than 1% of the subscribers you have on your main channel.
Damage control apology, only an idiot would think this is sincere.
So would you be saying this if you never got caught? This emergency room nurse is unsubscribing. Nothing worse than a so called professional person behaving like this.
Likes and dislikes are bout to be even !!!
Tell that to my great grandma who had covid that died recently, and now my grandma is fighting for her life with covid as well. Even my cousin is a nurse  and got covid working non stop. Its so disheartening to hear this especially from a doctor. So selfish from your part Dr. Mike even if you have covid and think omg I'm young I can get away from covid. Well you know you still can infect others. Not all of  us are strong and have a healthy immune system. Please people stay safe, wear face mask, and wash your hands please. Don't go out too much.
the amount of cap in this video is strong
"My pain is better than yours"
This "apology" will likely itself have bad impacts (not that dr mike is really concerned about that given his choice to post it to his smallest platform). He is giving people the idea that they should be able to assess their own risk and modify their behavior accordingly. The only appropriate apology would have been to acknowledge that what he did was dangerous.
I don't think you did anything wrong. It's your life. It's not anyone's business what you do on your time.
You're not a clown. You're the entire circus.
Doctor Mike.  I've been following you loyally since the beginning. I've always looked up to you. To say this is dissapointing is putting it lightly.  I am immunocompromised and in general just a very sick person. When the pandemic hit I was relieved to see a DOCTOR with a large following use his influence to educate and promote safety. I've never felt more alone as a disabled person living in a climate where misinformation and negligence is being spread rampent. And as a result from such negligence, lives are being lost.   This wasn't a mistake, it wasn't an accident. It was a choice. A selfish, hurtful, and dangerous choice.
This is why people think DO's aren't real doctors(even though I think they're better than MD's.
The fact that he didn't upload this to his main channel shows how sincere he is...
Its the being seen with a bunch of Miami bottle rats for me
I didn't fly back home to Chicago to attend my grandmother's funeral this year because I did not want to risk contracting the virus and spreading it to others. It's frustrating when I see everyone else traveling and partying especially a doctor.
It is devastatingly obvious that this virus in not as deadly as he and other leftists say it is.
im disappointed,but we are all human,and im guessing this has been very different from your normal life,im not saying what you did was okay. You should really post this on your main channel too...I found this out on inform overload,it seems like you are trying to hide it.....
So disappointed
He is trying to justify the actions that he knows were wrong
bruh moment
You didn’t make a mistake you know exactly what’s going on and what your doing. You are a liar and a hypocrite. Nothing out of your mouth can ever be trusted. All you have done since you got your followers is tell us what we want to hear. Your not being a doctor. You are fake.
Sounds like Gavin newsoms apology! Rules for thee but not for me!
What happened? I dunno
Dr. Mike,  I've been a fan for a long time, but it's disheartening to see you apologize when you don't mean it. You've made claims that you've followed CDC protocols, yet the images provided at 1:03 demonstrate that you did not follow protocols. There are images of more than 8 people on the boat, Instagram stories of you using a shirt as a mask instead of a regular one, and not wearing a mask despite not being wet or swimming at all.   Really disappointed.
You’ve broken everyone’s trust, it wasn’t a mistake but a choice. I believe you can do better, post this on your main channel. What done is done. Do I hate you? No. Do I trust you? Well that’s up for debate, you went against your own advice to everyone. You’re a hypocrite. However, I want to see you grow from these choices you’ve made.
Dr. Mike: My friend surprised me with a private boat!!! Me: Unemployment surprised me by allowing me to claim the $320 2 week check still.  It's amazing the 2 dynamics we live in. I did hear the rich got richer in the pandemic though. Now that said, I wanted to hear what you had to say. Rich or poor, most humans can't stay cooped up in one place.   Now I am going to try an buy my first car in my 30s. Hopefully I can find a chevy volt for $5000 that's been well maintained (pandemic money when they were giving out 600 every week more than I make in a month. Now that I have tasted 34k a year, I am not going back to my previous job.) With that car the whole state opens up to me and I won't be bound to the bus route.
Wow, this is disappointing. I would love to go out on a fucking boat right now, but instead I'm at home not seeing my family during the holidays. What a trashy move, Mike. Do better.
Shame on you, dr. mike.
You wear a mask while you're exercising in the gym? You truly expect people to believe that? What rubbish.  I wear a mask because it's considered the right thing to do. I look at it as a fashion accessory. One that hampers my breathing. I do not like it. But i like being employed a lot more. So i put up with it. Not masking wouldn't be viewed as a horrible thing if not for people like you dr. Mike. Yes, you're right, you took all the necessary precautions. But you still push for mask mandate, while not following it yourself. You didn't wear a mask when with a boatload of people. You expect us to believe that's the only time you ever not wear a mask? This apology would've been more sincere if you had been honest about what other situations mask isn't really needed. But no, you want everyone to err on the side of caution, no matter what health risks it poses for them. People have died from exercising with masks on. And people like dr. Mike don't see the problem with that! I had unsubbed ever since i saw the noom ads. Didn't realize i was still subbed to another of your channels. Unsubbing.
Well you should have thought about that first. Cause you know... While you got offered a boat as a birthday present, most people are struggling to even find a job cause these pandemic took that away from them...
Imagine if donald trump or someone else violated the rules. He would be cruficied. Thirsty women want to give this guy a pass cause he is hot
your fine ! we are all human and make mistakes:)
If the whole nation followed your logic we’d all be dead by now, do you get that, Mike?
dude you’re literally a doctor 😭
Im a doctor, i saw 400 dead people for 3 months and I lost all will to party ...
You’re just sorry you got caught. Hypocrite
I'm sorry but after learning about what happened... I'm just really let down. I liked how mature and professional you always were, and I kinda wish I could go back to seeing you that way, but the truth is I really can't. At the end of the day, you decided that you were willing to risk the lives of those around you to party with some bikini models. I really can't with you right now...
This has nothing to do with the video...But I want to WARN you all in 💝. Please everyone choose Jesus as your Lord and Savior. All these natural disasters are lining up with Bible prophecy in Rev. We are getting closer to Jesus's return and judgement coming on the entire world. Please all repent with your mouth to God and admit we need a Savior Jesus Christ who died for all our sins. Believe and have faith in Jesus Christ and how he died on the cross for our sins and rose again. Invite the Holy Spirit ( being baptized ) into your life and turn from your sins. For those who don't repent and choose Jesus's gift of dying on the cross so we can have eternal life.. Things won't go well for them. I don't want to see anyone perish. I love you all, why I'm warning everyone daily and praying for the entire 🌎 daily. God bless you all!! I'm a sinner and I'm so grateful Jesus saved me from perishing. I keep seeking him daily and his commandments and they aren't burdensome, instead I have peace even when the world seems to be falling apart. God is on the throne, amen!!🙏🙏💐💝💝😊
Mike, what bothers me is the fact that you are a DOCTOR, which means when you are back home from the party, you will be interacting with PATIENTS. Some of those patients are not "young and healthy" and have low immune systems. Why were you not concerned about going back to work after possibly being exposed to covid by all those people? PLEASE answer because it really concerns me....like are other doctors doing this type of thing? I am in and out of the hospital all the time due to life threatening illness and my immune system is very weak....so I really want to know if this is common among your profession? You said you weighed the pros and cons, but apparently you did not include your patients in your decision making.
Umm don't give us tips to take care during Covid , not anymore .
I don't care...            ...and neither should you. Live with dignity, not with fear.
Very disappointing. Something tells me that if he saw a celebrity photo with a similar number of people unmasked on a boat he would be judgmental..not to mention seems like a poor choice to travel across states
bro his shirt is like see through
If you really cared about impact, you would have posted this on your main channel.
2020 is definitely the year of the hypocrite. Hopefully the world wakes up to all of this bs. Yes the virus is real but it's not a death sentence and we don't need to shut down the world and wear masks everywhere anymore. If your at risk like being elderly then stay home until you get the vaccine but even then you still have a great chance of surviving it.  Only saying that cuz my grandma is in her 80s with diabetes and she was out of the hospital within a week and had no lingering symptoms a few days later. It's been 2 months and she looks completely normal. Turn off the news and don't let fear or these hypocrites try to control you.
I'm going to be excited when the medical field in the US is unpoliticized. He has the choice of what to do for himself and nobody else. The problem is that many people think isolation is the only solution to overcoming the virus. Inside, people are unwilling to give up their ability of free choice to be with loves ones. We're Americans -- make a decision and own it.
Put it on the main channel
I used to like this guy but seriously what the hell is this half assed apology on this weird second channel?? I’ve taken this pandemic more than serious, I failed one of my college classes due to the stress and fear. Hell, I was utterly horrified to even start school again. I haven’t seen my boyfriend in months. All while this dude goes to Miami and parties on a boat...
ur forgiven dr mike i love u
I think it’s really funny how everyone is so quick to judge him. He was admired by millions of people until he made one mistake. I can completely understand that he wanted to have some fun after months of working as a doctor in the middle of a pandemic.
It's pretty telling that you put this on your side channel and not your main one.  You didn't make a mistake you made a conscious choice and still didn't follow guidelines. You show us some in this video and yet there were more people than that on the boat. I'm so beyond disappointed in you, I don't quite have the words.
Give the guy a break guys, he is young and made a mistake, like you haven't done worse....
He wouldn't apologize if he wasn't caught. Y'all got duped.
This fake pandemic has caused so many of you people on YouTube and Facebook to lose you mother loving minds. Keep feeding into this nonsense and you'll  have 10 other issues psychologically after Democrats say the plandemic is over. MY Wife has been working the Covid Floor in Clearwater since April and even now in a 900 bed hospital they have 7 patients. Out of the 7 patients one is pretty bad and guess what they were already dying from COPD. Y'all are being played and this fool is a big part of it. Only reason he's apologizing is because it's hurting his back pocket. He'll even my own Doctor who's rated in the top 10 of Pinellas County is saying we got played. Funny how the death numbers are still barely above 260k and back in July they were being reported as over 200k. Open your eyes. Call your grandparents and Skype them so they're not lonely because just like pneumonia or the Flu they are at the highest risk of being killed. This generation is soft and literally a good majority of you need to grow a pair and stop letting the Government play with your emotions.
Embarrassing. "When I walk bear i wear a mask" and yet you don't wear one skin to skin with a bunch of other people
This is so disappointing
Sorry ya got caught......
So you're a physician that analyzed risk levels before making the decision, made the decision, and acknowledge you made a mistake? So... we must question your decision-making as a physician, if you're making a decision that you knew was wrong. I would expect this from a lot of people, but especially not a doctor during a global pandemic. Lost all credibility here.
This is ridiculous. Quit the fear. Control-19.
That’s so horrible I didn’t get to visit my friends or family or anything I don’t go out only if nessecary for my needs/ I BARELY WORK AND ITS HORRIBLE BECAUSE IM SCARED OF COVID I CARE ABOUT MY FAMILY AND COWORKERS AND I CARE ABT MY SELF
Na, I ain't buying it. Spotlight change ppl, gonna follow some real heroes in the medical profession. Sorry!
- Boat Capacity according to CDC: 10 Maximum. - Pictures on insta show Dr Mike with 14 people. - Dr Mike "..we were **well below** the boat capacity.."
Y’all need to stop obsessing over this common cold. A lot of people in my family ( some over 75, have gotten it and are doing just fine. )
COVID KILLSS And I hope you all get karma you rona spreaders
I used this to convince my family to get together for Christmas.
Big Yikes..
even if you followed the boat capacity, I saw your group picture and you were all standing REALLY close to eachother. Also: Video should've been posted on your main.  Im truly dissapointed in dr. Mike.
I’m disgusted you rona spreader people actually die and are suffering behind the scenes Who HAVE COVID WTHHH
Wow, lets just hide this on the 2nd channel.
STAY HOME NOT TO JUST GET LAID WTHHH
Bro ur suppose to STAY HOME WTFFFF
LOL you are only sorry cause you got caught this apology is such bs, you knew what the risks where and still took the worse route so don’t come to us saying “it’s a mistake” because it wasn’t it was a choice you took consciously.
I get it!! But why is everyone here tripping out! He’s a doctor! Imagine staying at home 24/7 working more than 40 hrs a week wearing a mask! He’s human! This mistake doesn’t make him less legitimate, we all make mistakes. Also, imagine being surprise for a birthday and then leaving, is that what you guys wanted him to do? I know his actions contradicted his message but we all make mistakes and he apologized. I am sure we have all slipped once during this pandemic so let’s not act like prudes.
POST THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL!!! Post the pictures of the 15 people you were with! Also, that amount of people you had on the boat did NOT follow Florida CDC rules and regulations with boats. So you're LYING but great apology 🙄 just like every other youtube pos.
You know it isn’t good when Dr.Grande has to the read the room Dr.Mike.
Double standard much?
Wow, people sure are overreacting over this. He made one minor mistake, but that doesn't mean his words aren't truthful and honest.
Still disappointing... highlights the importance of choosing friends wisely
I love the blame deflection. "Conspiracy theorists have used what I have done as....". People aren't dumb, mate. Face it, you're a 31 year old idiot, masquerading as someone with maturity and intelligence.
I know we’re human and human make mistakes, but especially for someone of your level of intellect, this one should’ve been much easier to avoid that it should’ve been to make.
He wants he apologized  to his  viewers but yet  posts on his 2nd channel  with 100x less subscribers. Ok i guess all your viewers are going to see this
what an hypocrite
Cancel this hypocrite
Yeah you messed up, but we are all human. This wasn't the best apology video when you are talking about what you did right in the beginning , like you should just have apologized, and a lot of people want you to upload on your primary Channel so more people can see it, which I some what agree with, but the fact that you still apologize, shows that you are mature, and if you really mean it, im willing to forgive you for your hypocrisy scandale. I don't want to be toxic about this like alot of other people want to.
Maximum of 8 people, we were well below that. What?
We’re not angry.  We’re Disappointed.
And to think that I’ve been recommending YOUR videos to my stubborn friends and family to try and encourage them NOT to go out and party ☹️
What a bloody goof.
Dr.Mike : i'll not put this on the main. Youtube : 700k views growing.
Lol like we actually believe you read the CDC boat guidelines cmon now. Sounds like a scapegoat to justify the double standard set for us all on your main channel
Such BULLSHIT! Don’t apologize live your life make your own choices evaluate your own risk. You have NOTHING to apologize for
Shut up 🙄
It’s not the fact that you went to a party without the mask, but the fact that you didn’t follow what you preached. Sorry Doc it makes you look like a hypocrite.
“Never put anything in an apology that deflects from being wrong, he talked about all these things he did to differ that what he was doing was right only to admit he was ultimately wrong, in doing so it makes him look like his decision process is flawed” ~ Dr. Todd Grande 😱 💣
A man will do anything to get laid lol
How old is Dr. Mike? Just curious because he said he was young. I'm 30 and I feel like we are close in age. Yes I still feel young lol
I’m so disappointed of you.. used to trust but no more... I think time to unsubscribe both of your channel...
😂 For anybody curious about the script just read atlas shrugged.
1st of all he posts this “apology” on this channel with the least amount of followers. 2nd-ly I’m hearing a lot of excuses. Like a 5yr old child trying to say sorry but also blaming everything and everyone around them. Clearly he’s made it this far mainly because of his looks and he’s used that to reel viewers/followers to make him popular. But reality is that he just reads a script in all his videos and says whatever it takes to get those likes and followers. Nasty playboy who has seduced people on YouTube to make him popular.
If you want to know why saying "it's fine I'm young and healthy so my own calculated risk is low it's okay" is problematic you should go watch one of your 80 videos on the virus.
Love Dr. Mike!  I have made a mistake or two myself, it is difficult being 100% perfect all of the time it has been 11 months now.  He has done so many informative and fun you tube videos but one mistake, sure he shouldn't have since he is a youtube personality, it happens, lets move on...
Imagine being this fake...
You deserve a slap across the face.   By preaching government protocols to people and justifying it to your medical career.
“The people I’m saying sorry to are very specific people. It’s you who have supported me on this channel...” (summarized)  I never watched a single video on *this* channel. No apology regarding your main channel, though
He admitted he messed up and apologized, and I forgive him. I am a firm believer that masks are important and covid-19 is a pandemic that is real, and we have to think about others. That being said, there have been times where i pulled my mask down or i went out when I know I shouldn't have, because I'm human. and so is Doctor Mike. so before you guys leave negative comments that don't help or aren't constructive in any way, just recognize that we're all just trying to get through this together.
No hate here.  I'm a travel nurse whose been all around the country taking care of covid patients since the pandemic hit. Working 80 hours a week away from my family.  I've seen a lot of devastation with covid.  It's been so bad Im considering leaving the profession.  But.. your human.  You work hard.  And the risk was very minimal.  I don't feel like you need to apologize. Intent is everything.  All is forgiven.
This is not a sincere response to a lapse of judgement, this is a hypocrite doing damage control with cynical lies.
I respected you, but this was unexpected. You can do better.
Well go get an std panel while you at it.. Escorts condom or not bare loads of diseases.
Wow. Disappointed with hearing this, Dr Mike. You know better, you explain to us better....the rules apply to you too. You're a public figure - your decisions have a bigger impact than the average person. I expected better from a doctor 😒
Why would you take that risk during a pandemic? Especially when you are a literal DOCTOR that knows that you have patients that are sick with the virus that you need to take care of?! Stupid.
“I’m a human” okay 😀 But... you were saying all this stuff... ya know?? About not... going out and stuff... ya know?? Yeah 😐 anyways.  People, when you’re in the wrong, like mega bad, please don’t use that “I’m a human. I’ll do better” excuse when you knew it was wrong to begin with. The hypocrisy.
‘I’m gonna strive to do better’ shakes his head sideways.  ´I’ve messed up, it’s true’ shakes his head sideways. His non-verbal is incongruent with what he’s saying 🤔
If he’s following the guidelines, and everyone was safe, what’s the problem? I don’t understand why everyone’s upset? Can someone explain please?!
Have the balls to post this on your main channel didn't even know you had a 2nd channel
For someone who has made countless videos the entire year on the pandemic, it's extremely disappointing that you did exactly what we were advised not to. I couldn't see my aunt and uncle this entire year because they're stuck in Canada, and you cross multiple states to what, see your dad? How awfully convenient that a boat of girls for your big bash that you could absolutely say no to is shifted the blame to your friend, who know better that his friend is a doctor should've never done it in the first place.  To think that the one preaching right from wrong is doing the wrong.
Yo, doc! How about a collab with Jake Paul and Logan Paul?
Well he is a doctor ,he can still work and make money on that .
I wonder if an MD would do that
I was so upset to hear about this. Obviously Doctor Mike is human and makes mistake, but this apology kind of makes it seem like going onto the boat and partying with a lot of people wasn't the mistake. It was just the fact that the maskless pictures circulated. Now I am so confused on what I should even be doing during this pandemic. I keep seeing and hearing to stay home and stay away from people from doctors. However, NO ONE seems to be doing this. I missed Thanksgiving with my family for the first time ever because I was trying to be responsible, but should I have just gone anyway? Because no one else seems to take this seriously at all and I'm tired of giving up what I want to do to protect others when no one else cares about me. I'm a healthy 30-year-old and could be travelling and living it up but I choose to stay home to benefit my community and keep other people safe.
Post this on your main channel. I don't normally check the community tab, but I was hoping you had addressed your choice.  Glad you addressed it, glad you accept your screw up, glad you accept people being mad at you, not happy with what you did and your choice to not post this on the main channel.
Sir you messed up big time.
This is NOT posted on ANY of his main social media pages. It’s on some secondary channel with way less followers (60 thousand). His main YT (6 million+ followers), Instagram (4 million followers) and FB (1.3 million followers) have NOTHING on this. And several other “influencer” doctors are already trying to excuse him too.  (Credit - u/aibhalinshana)
Since lockdown ended I've only left home 3 times lol
This is like one of the most sincere apology videos ever
I got away this time
Yea no. I’m already sick of these politicians being hypocrites, now a doctor is doing it. What’s even worst is that he was so adamant on others wearing masks and what not yet here he is 🙄 if he wasn’t about wearing masks then I’d get it but he was which is what bothers everyone.
Im very sure most of you guys being hypocrites you guys act like you haven’t seen a friend or a family member outside of your household  during the entire pandemic. Some of us just need it for our mental health and some are just being outright careless. I too have felt pressured to accept people over or accept an invite. Dr Mike didn’t plan this his friend did. Yeah he could have said no but the fact that he checked the guidelines and safety already shows he was hesitant and accepted under pressure because it was gift. I think it’s more rude of his friend knowing well he is a doctor to plan this whole thing out and “SURPRISE” him in the middle of a pandemic. The way you all hold Dr. Mike accountable do it with yourself and your family and those around you as well.
I get why ppl are on this man but I know well that most the people in these comments have gone out with people and still go out. Y’all not sh*t either
COVID-19 is about power and permanently shifting the distribution of wealth to the elite. It’s a real virus, but it’s been overblown by tremendous proportions.
Aaaaaand dr mike has been spotted by the cancel mob. First Jenna Marbles now him, when are y’all gonna learn? 🙄
Apologise for real and post this on your main channel. Period.
Such a fake pandemic...
Thank you for explaining yourself, and at least for me, I don’t need anyone to tell me to stay inside because I have common sense. People put you on a pedestal and anything you do that is not perfect they will judge you for. Stay safe!
Fake scamdemic
So heartfelt yet you hide this over here... You didn't magically appear in that photo. You didn't magically appear on that boat surrounded by people. You very obviously didn't just "take your mask off before you went into the water" considering you seemed to make a pitstop to take a photo along the way. Your excuses are weak. You are waking and breathing proof that years of an education does not make you an intelligent person. I have very little doubt that this is not the only time you've completely ignored CDC guidelines or your own advice that you throw at others.
Dr. Varshavski:  While I, for one, greatly appreciate your apology, I am genuinely appalled at the cowardice you have displayed in putting this on your clips channel (with 63,200 followers) rather than on your main channel (with 6.5 million).  You are intentionally trying to hide your apology and isolate yourself from responsibility yet again.  While I have no doubt you're sincere in what you say, the way you say it also matters--and it doesn't suggest you're sorry for anything except getting caught.  Here's the thing: I would be perfectly happy forgiving you for what happened if you had posted this same statement on your main channel and advised people that they, like you, need to make their own decisions based on personal risk factors and their willingness to expose themselves to others with the disease.  If you expected or allowed others to make the same kinds of choices you have made, in the way that you have made them, that would be fine.  You're on record as being far more doctrinarian about this, but that's okay if you articulate and explain your change of mind, and allow others the leeway you insist on taking yourself.  But not doing that, and doing what you did on a much-smaller side channel rather than taking public responsibility in front of the millions upon millions of people who trust in you for good, sober medical advice... I'm sorry, that I cannot forgive.  I wish you the best, but you have demonstrated with your actions here that you are no longer worth my time or my following.  I am very disappointed in you, and I hope that you are able to improve yourself in all the ways that will ensure the many bad choices you have made all along the line here will never happen again.  Your life will be better for it.
Stop deleting comments geez how are you this dense?????
Ooof..Credibility Hit...change the channel name to PartyClown Mike...
This virus is fake, it's just like seasonal flu. No vaccine for me.. The WHO is controlled by Communist China. Egypt and Sweden don't wear marsks anymore
Unsubscribed. You have lost my respect.
You only apologizing because you got catch! You didn’t make a mistake you choose to act like every other super spreader with no care for the rest of the people! And why you didn’t post this on your main channel??
I’m less mad about this than I am with the fact that you promote Noom, which is an incredibly unethical company that makes false claims about its effectiveness. You say you vet your sponsors thoroughly and Noom should be no exception. It promotes disordered eating and doesn’t work for anyone.
Translation: I’m sorry that SOMEONE ELSE is using my actions to perpetuate harmful conspiracy theories.  NOT A REAL APOLOGY.  Not sorry for non-essential travel.  Not sorry for getting on a party boat because he was technically following all the rules of that state.  Not sorry for indulging in a birthday party when 11/12 in his audience has already sacrificed birthday parties.  And I don’t believe him that this party boat was a “surprise”.    He starts the video saying pandemics are hard on all of us.  Is that, what, a reason or excuse for his decisions?    He didn’t just make one mistake here.  He made multiple decisions showing how he feels he can work within the technical limitations of covid guidelines, despite being a primary care provider.  Non-essential travel for a birthday party on a boat.    Did he take a private plane there?    He handled this apology like a politician.
If you wanted to take accountability, you shouldn’t have made excuses at all, especially ones that don’t make any sense.  There were at least 15 people in the most widely circulated photo of you.  Not eight, the maximum number of adults in your highlighted source.  You, on the already-over-loaded boat, did not distance yourself from others, putting your face right next to several people in some photos.  While wearing a mask in the water may be ill-advised as it could get wet, wearing it on board the boat seems pretty reasonable to me.  Regardless of that, you should have realized that despite precautions of masks, social distancing, limiting capacity, etc, you still would have increased your risk of exposure/exposing others and even with if you tried to make this safer, it was not a responsible choice.  And it doesn’t fucking matter how young or healthy you are, as you’ve said yourself before, because the people you may come in contact with during daily life could be at-risk, and anyway, many young and healthy people are dying or being left with severe long-term effects after recovering from COVID.  You’ve done a few questionable things before, but jfc just stop please
Lol cringe
you not sorry .....u sorry u got caught
It is disappointing but also hilarious, not gonna lie
Go shove your half assed non-apology up your urethra, ”Doctor”.
I wouldn’t worry about it
No matter how much education or money you have, you can obviously still be an idiot. Then you don’t post an apology on your main channel. I had 2 family members die, my college graduation cancelled, and my mental health go down the drain. But I have followed guidelines this entire time. I’m only 22 yet I still did my part. Shame
This is disappointing as a long time watcher and future health care professional. Your actions are not just dangerous to "conspiracy theorists" but to the much larger population of people who are burning out during this pandemic. This is now an excuse for anyone to make the same excuse of not technically violating covid guidelines because a doctor influencer did the same. My best friend was depressed and committed suicide when he lost his job in the pandemic. We talked everyday but I did not visit him to reduce potential spread of covid. When he took his life I could not go to his funeral. This feels like slap in the face to the very people who share your beliefs. Do better
If not for the fact that he got caught, he would have carried on partying, not wearing masks and so on.
Woooooooow
There's people who can't go to work because of the pandemic, who sometimes don't get to eat even, and you want to try and excuse your having a party on a boat because of your "physical and mental health"? No, no
"im young, heatlhy, live alone" Is this dude really tryna excuse not wearing a mask, hugging, touching people at the boat, which clearly had like 15+ people.
Why can’t they just apologize and say they messed up? Don’t start with excuses and gas lighting your audience
Hate that self-profound, depressive patriotic sorrow  tone that looks as if they are sparing your own life  just by listening.  As in a  character's speech in a movie, yet they are as intense in real life too.   Humans are boring and so am I.
THIS IS BULLSHIT WHYS IT NOT ON THE MAIN CHANNEL the boat capacity is only for 10 people max you had way more than that...do you just don’t blatantly hide...this should be in the other channel...who knew about this dumb channel. Put it in the main channel stand behind your decision...
Yall are acting like he’s the person that has gone out in this pandemic
This is my second time watching this and i still dont see why all the hate? So he posted  on  this channel not the main one so what? He reposted on his community page didnt he? And To everyone saying he messed up yh that is the whole point if this vd🤦🏻‍♀️Plus he wasn’t with 50people lol I think he was alone in the  ocean how can this be that bad? Like stop the hate he apologized and admitted his mistake
This channel has 1 percent of your actual subscribers on your main channel... why post this here if your sorry, I don’t understand...
1. i think you should have posted this on your main channel. 2. your friends shouldnt have suprised you with this boat. They also should know better.  3. your friends also kind of put pressure on you by giving you this „gift“ - its hard saying no to something like that (not because you love to do a boat trip but refusing a well-intentioned gift is really hard) 4. still, you should have known better. Practice what you preach.
You know just as well as anyone else that COVID-19 doesn’t care if you’re “young and healthy”. There have been more Covid deaths under age 40 than the total number of deaths on 9-11. College students dropping dead. 20 year olds on ventilators.
Oh for God's sake, what a snowflake. We have become a nation of snowflakes. An exhaustive study just came out of Denmark that shows anything short of an N95 mask is virtually useless. It's about compliance not science. I wouldn't let this snowflake treat my neighbor's cat.
Shut up you tool. You didn’t think about any safety concerns. You have no problem telling others to sit at home while you go out. You didn’t mess up when you weighed your own risk and understood it was very low risk to go have some fun. But you messed up when you told others they had to stay home and couldn’t weigh their own risk.
You had to check CDC guidelines to assess the risk of this virus in November? What about the risk to your older father? CDC also advised not to travel. New Jersey requires 14 day quarantine upon returning, which you didn't do. I have lost all confidence in your medical opinions. Shame on you.
Fantastic non-apology, Mike. I sure am glad I’m not one of your patients.
I can understand being a young pseudo-celebrity with money, good looks and a desire to celebrate an occasion with friends and many beautiful women. But you're a doctor Mike; we put people like you on a pedestal not just because of what you know and what you can do, but because of your integrity. Medical professionals are there for us when we are at our weakest and most vulnerable. We put our faith and trust in you to help us get well again. This has been a year where we have had our faith shaken by people in positions of power and influence in our society. We've watched law enforcement officers kill. We've seen public officials bend the knee to mobs while our cities and private property burned. We watched our supposedly-objective press/media unabashedly reveal themselves to be obscenely partisan. We saw an election bitterly contested. And now this scandal from the ranks of the esteemed professionals on the front line of this pandemic!?! It's too much !   Look, I think you're a nice guy who has a lot going for him and I don't wish you ill will. We all mess up and this, too, shall pass. You're an internet star and your fans will likely stick with you or come back in time. I'd be more concerned at this point with my professional reputation. Your professional integrity has been compromised Mike; perhaps catastrophically so. I suggest procuring some professional expertise to help you navigate and mitigate the fallout from this before it spirals completely out of control. Good luck.
Why don't you post this on your main channel?  I didn't know this channel existed (came from another talking about the situation). It seems extremely questionable to post it here & not on the main channel.
This apology needs to be on your main channel, until then it doesn't feel 100% sincere and forthright. I only saw this because YouTube suggested it on my home page and I subscribe to you so I thought this was on your regular channel but then later on I hear people saying it's on your other channel so I double check and was so sad to see they right, I'm disappointed in you. I understand wanting to blow off steam and have fun with your friends and sometimes that means you don't make the best choice which sucks even more when you are a public figure under a microscope however how you handle yourself under that microscope when you do make a wrong choice is what shows your true character and can either help you grow as a person and hold on to the respect of those around you or you do what you've done here which is a half-assed apology sneaking in the back channel and leaving many feeling disheartened and wondering why you aren't being straightforward with having on your main channel. I really hope you cross post this to your main channel.
Y'all people are overreacting.  He screwed up but he's only H U M A N
Decepcionante, así nos va
He managed to get three tests when I couldn't even get one despite being a close contact of a confirmed Covid case? How?   he's young, healthy and he is self isolating meaning that he had a point. he is low risk, however this main issue is that you preached one belief and then went against that. Again and again you have spoken about the frontline workers who are overwhelmed, how we as a collective need to work to flatten the curve yet he goes to another state to meet with who knows how many people?  another thing is that while he may be low risk and would be fine if he caught covid, he may pass it onto someone who does have health issues. he is a doctor, he has a higher chance of coming across a covid patient than me. Who knows who he might pass it to and who they will pass it to? That's how this pandemic got out of hand from the get go.
If you really want to stop supporting Dr Mike be careful not to watch the videos or ads—clearly his fame and fortune are what he really cares about.
Scarce Brought me here
The only people that should decide to be mad at him are his patients and coworkers. Rest of you can be "dissapointed" but don't have the real right to feel outraged. You won't be at risk cause you don't freaking know him personally (neither I). Stop acting like you really care about his patient's life.   But like seriously , STOP putting people on a gold pedestal , that way you will get less dissapointed to the point you don't give a shirt anymore to this matters that don't matter to you directly. XD
Don’t listen to a YouTube doctor like. Jesus lmao
How did you go from “wear a mask, practice social distancing” to “the risk is a spectrum”. Weird behavior
I'm a 15 year old who been at home for 9 months straight, mostly scared to go anywhere because one of my family members has a high risk disease that make Corona kill them instantly. I watch you because I want to become a doctor and you also inspire me to do so. When I here another celebrity or " iNfLUenCer" went to a party, I think of those tiktokers or youtuber, because they're stupid people who can't resist the urge to party all the time, and care about nobody but themselves. You're the last person that come to my mind when I hear all this, because after all, you're an active doctor who currently treats covid patients right? How does at least 10 years worth of medical knowledge vanish once you see duck-lipped girls in bikinies, who look like they would even where a mask just so it won't destroy their makeup? If I was your patient, an I see my same doctor who told me to quarantine till further notice, partying in maimi, id feel like these precautions are pointless, because even my doctor had the urgency to break the rule. Even your apology was useless, sounds like when those tiktokers say, " OH I'LL EDUCATE MYSELF IN THE FUTURE TO BECOME A BETTER HUMAN", like bruh your the one who told us to do this and then party when we can't see you? I've lost friends by following the rule but you get to break them? At least you know what to expect from a tiktoker, but a DOCTOR??? How can I be more mature than even you? I can't even make a bad enough excuse to defend you. You say you put no one at risk cause you live alone, but you see patients regularly, you put them at risk😒. I hope I don't work with hypocrites like you in the future , you've truly disappointed me, doctor mike.😔😔😔😰😰😰😰😓😓😓, I'm really rooting for you tho so please find a way to fix this💛
Real funny how his message has gone from "Wear a mask and social distance" to "Risk is a spectrum!"😒
Phonies and liars all of them. But the zombies will still worship at their feet.
This is what we have been saying. People should be able to assess their own risks. We don’t need government mandated lockdowns
It must be nice not work in the icu and have PTSD from all the deaths. You took an oath to do no harm.
How mad are the people in the comments lol bunch of babies
Now post this on your main account.
There is no room for hypocrisy in the medical community. You should be ashamed of yourself.
I have trust issues now
You don’t respect your followers, or you wouldn’t have put it on your 2nd channel. You just gave “conspiracy theorists” ammunition to debunk the need for travel restrictions, lockdowns, quarantine and mask use. You’ve put yourself in the “for you, not me” category. You really shouldn’t post anymore COVID related videos. Yes, you’re human & you’ve made a mistake. You deserve grace; however, whatever you attempted to do with this video was not the right way to apologize & receive grace.
All this negativity in the comments... I get the disappointment, it does feel unfair to do all the social distancing and then see people who tell you to not do it themselves. But just remember, Dr. Mike dedicated his life to help people, to educate and improve lives. Everybody makes mistakes. So instead of accusing him of being a hippocrate or some kind of evil, let's accept the apology and hope people learn from his mistake. If one mistake would make you a bad person, there wouldn't be any good people on this earth.
I still take you serious. I think people are overreacting. Yes COVID-19 is a real thing but we still need to live life. If you followed all the guidelines that the government advised, then no need for apologies. STILL GOT LOVE FOR YOU. beee...woop!! 😘
Why are you apologizing for this? Were you caught/video taped or photo’ed by someone....actually never mind. You just answered it as I was typing this. Yeah, since you are in the social media spot light. I understand.
It ain't no fun if Dr. Mike cant have none lol
There is so many things wrong with that picture apart from ... But whatever that's none of my business
Seriously I am a little bit disappointed
I like how everyone who is commenting on this probably don’t follow the rules so they have no right to attack Dr. Mike. 🤣
Dr. Mike you’ve been letting me down since coronavirus and school episode. You’re a disgrace and I’m stepping away. You like being a celebrity too much now.
This should post on your Main channel.
oof, i guess dr. mike is canceled now :')
Apology accepted, Dr Mike. Granted, you are a celebrity, but also a human and I admire your work. I don't know about others, but my family has a few doctors and I can see clearly that doctors prescribe stuff they themselves cannot do all the time. Many doctors struggle with depression, anxiety and addictions. Just like any human being would. It's just that we expect too much and project too much onto them. I know that you are a big celebrity, I know that you will probably not even see this comment but I see you as a human and I forgive you for acting as one ❤
I mean I did expect better from you though I mean apart from that all not wearing mask and all that seriously you could have done a better apology that all situation wasn't ideal and you kinda put yourself in a bad spot
walk to talk Doc. You are just sorry you got caught.
This was 4:45 of saying “I’m sorry I got caught” I’ve literally stayed home for the last 9 months, have had terrible covid cabin fever, my depression has been worse, I haven’t seen my friends or family outside of a phone screen. This wasn’t just a “mess up” this was completely hypocritical. I’m happy you didn’t contract covid while in Miami partying because we are still in a pandemic and need doctors now more than ever because things are getting so much worse.
People are putting him down like they have followed cdc rules 100%. He's a human being with feelings, of course he misses his dad and friends, like none of you guys have gone out during the pandemic. Ugh cancel culture is stupid
This is gross. I used to think he was cool.
I forgive you but I expected a better apology! Love you man, you will get through this ♡
I’m tired of following these guidelines 😕 especially when no one else is doing so 😭
I still don't understand the need to be mean about it though
Crazy times man. Lots of people celebrated Thanksgiving with crowds of people. It’s hard to stay human in these times, especially for healthcare workers. I admit I’ve gone out when I shouldn’t have, but we live and learn, and try to do better. Appreciate the apology, and keep backing the science 🧪
Biggest oopsie of the 21st century
"You were the Chosen One! It was said that you would destroy the Sith, not join them! Bring balance to the Force, not leave it in darkness!"
I understand why you did It! Thank you for apologizing anyway! And I agree, sometimes appearances mean more.
Nonsense. As soon as he saw the hot girls in bikinis I'm sure he was happy to go and have fun on the boat.   As a public medical practitioner, he should have known that his actions reverberate beyond personal risk in a conspiratorial environment full of misinformation and finger pointing.
You're automatically a high risk because you're a doctor. Have you not been preaching that COVID know no rules basically? So you think just because "you're young and healthy" you can't be a carrier?? I mean I don't have a fancy medical degree but it seems like this does not coincide with what you have been preaching and what the CDC guidelines are. :)
Judging by the picture, nobody was wearing a mask there was like over 10 people, and i don't care if it was mostly women but i think you let your pretty boy looks and IG fame get to your head. And if you were genuinely sorry you'd post it on your main account, not this "throw away backup channel" I do not care if you want to travel  or party or do whatever you want, but practice what you preach at least.
Why isn’t this posted on your main channel that has almost 7 million subscribers, so everyone could see? I wonder...
This better mean you will stop posting videos of you hanging out with others because that goes against the CDC Guidelines
You did, we're all humans we all make mistakes
I have lost any and all respect I had for you, it's clear from this crappy apology and it being posted NOT on your main channel that you really don't care about this. I hope you realize that there are going to be fans of your and others that see that picture and think, "If he doesn't have to wear a mask or socially distance, than I don't" and it's going to cause more cases and it's going to cause deaths. I hope you realize and life with the fact that you're hypocrisy and you're not caring for the safety of others, is going to cause deaths from COVID and that blood going to be on your hands for the rest of your life. I've unsubscribed from your main channel and I highly encourage others to do so as well.
I'm sorry, why isn't this on his main channel? A strong apology would be at his main channel. So more can learn and know of his mistake. Now I have mixed feelings toward his approach.
I'm so disapointed. Seriously I have no words.
Seems like many young people confuse "lower risk" with "immune".
Hmmmm I call bs.You’re only apologizing for getting caught.Lost a bunch of respect for you.
Make a better apology and actually post it on your main if you're that serious. This is ridiculous.
hypocrite
1:20 am i hearing this right? This isn’t about you, you are a DOCTOR. your job is literally to take care of patients who are vunerable to covid. Having a boat party is the last thing a individual with this profession should do.
Man was just trying to have fun
So, why is this apology not posted on your main channel? Sorry, but not sorry? Did you quarantine yourself after your Miami trip before you went back to work?
Yal silly this isnt even a pandemic its plandemic. The elite knows that and so does this guy
While he was judging people for going out , he did the same thing and only apologized when he got caught
Great fake apology, I bet you check all of this after you got called on it. I love your other content. And even I think mask are questionable, however keep what you say and your actions the same.
My aunt caught covid from her employer who didn't tell her about it bc he wanted to keep partying. Unknowingly passing it onto my grandma who nearly died and we weren't even allowed to visit her or be by her side for her possible last breaths.  And you, a doctor who's literally treating other people who got infected, thought a party was a good idea? You had the audacity to think this would be fine? You're disgusting. Those conspiracy people are using you bc you are acting EXACTLY like they would.
I have a lot of respect for this man's message of making health care knowledge more accessible and I don't believe in canceling people. However, this should have highlighted for him the hypocrisy of his hard-line position. Those first few minutes where he talks about personal risk are exactly right. The truth is people should be given the right to make exactly the same calculation as he did for their own selves without being looked down upon. Own up to it and admit that your message was meant for the masses which you look down upon as not being capable of making those calculations. People have felt (and been) lied to since the start of this pandemic. Maybe the entire medical profession should stop fear-mongering and/or treating people like idiots and actually preach a message that can be followed and that is realistic. Maybe politicians should focus on things that actually make a difference and not continue the same things that we now know don't work as we hoped (i.e., lockdowns and curfews). Lastly, if being transparent was your goal, why is this video uploaded on your second channel?
“...Can impact my medical message...”.  Can?!  News for you, it has.  My husband has spent the last week in meetings and on calls to move patients from hospital to hospital around the clock in our area because of capacity issues (physician and leadership roles).  Our kids aren’t seeing their friends or going to school or doing activities.  We didn’t see any friends or family for the holiday.  We have been impressed how, despite being such a public figure and being young (compared to us in our mid-40s), you have appeared to put medicine first.  With these actions, you took your message and did the equivalent of dropping it in the ocean to dilute it.  To top that off, your “apology” was riddled with excuses.  Disappointment doesn’t begin to describe it.
If I were your patient, I would have no longer have trust in you. If you really want to show how sorry you are, why are you not going  on every show you can possibly get booked on, asking every youtuber you have (or had I don't know how they feel) a working relationship to make sure that everyone sees this apology. Currently you are #19 on trending, which is helping people to forward the various conspiracy theories about masks, and COVID-19. Is the oath of "do no harm" only meant in terms of physical harm to patients? I ask because it feels like you did a lot of harm to those of us who are following guidelines and obeying lockdown orders, because it makes us targets of those who for some reason have such anger about wearing a mask. Also why is this statement not on your main channel or even your Facebook page, where you posted a video on November 24, 2020 reviewing "The Good Doctor" episode that covered COVID-19. So there's that also.  Just my thoughts.
This is so disappointing. My aunt almost died of COVID, and I've had multiple friends lose loved ones to it. It's truly frustrating seeing you feed the covidiots. It's disheartening and worrisome that this far into the pandemic people still think this thing is a hoax, and this isn't helping the situation. You're a grown-butt man; not some tik-tok teenager (or Jake Paul). Please act like it. I'm here trying desperately to keep my 70-year-old parents (both with pre-existing conditions) safe; I'm stressing, anxious, and tired of this, but I keep on keeping on because I love my family. Your actions aren't helping. Stay alert, not anxious...this is making me anxious. Please do better.
Isn't Florida having the most infections per day, and have been since July?
He has two personnality one for social media and one in real life . While he was judging people for going out , he did the same thing and only apologized when he got caught   If he wasnt so mean to people who did the same « mistake » as him in the past. Maybe I would have believed him.
Ik people are mad at him and obviously what he did was hypocritical but we've all violated Covid guidelines at least once in these 8 months. Our violations definitely aren't getting a private boat but we need to stop putting people online at a standard where they're not allowed to screw up. Since he has never been problematic I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt. I do agree with a few comments saying this should be on his main channel though.
Look up his ethnicity, if it wasn't obvious.  All you need to know.
The worst part of this, Dr. Mike, is that you were one of the first and main voices who was consistent and calm, providing good information in the face of all the disinformation.  You let everyone down, and you've provided strong ammunition for the anti-maskers.  Think about that. I can and will forgive you, but people will die as a direct result of this poor decision, which you should have known not to do.
What a disgrace for all your coworkers working against covid. Especially the fact that you posted this here instead of the main channel. This is exactly the same train of thought that my boss has, I already had it, did fine, everyone else will do just as fine as I did: organize meetings with students, they will be safe. 👎
You have a less tha 0% chance of dying. What is this guy talking about. Why do I have to tell a doctor his risk of dying is nill. He may not have covid, but he sure does have the crazy.
Dr Mike: It was totally my fault   Also Dr Mike: I’m a victim because ppl are calling me out
Let’s be clear his friends Dr Daniel Rubinshtein and Dr Dhaval Bhanusali were also on the boat with him. They’re not at all sorry. None of them. They’re just sad they got caught. Dr R and Dr B didn’t quarantine at all after coming back from Miami, why should we believe that Mike did, either??
No❤️
Did he get cancelled? Because all of these verified people are making me feel like he is getting cancelled
Unsubscribed.
You couldn't be more disingenuous....   you elitists make me sick...   YOU KNOW THIS VIRUS HAS BEEN BLOWN OUT OF PROPORTION.
You couldn't be more ridiculous in your talking points if you wanted to be....  LOOK AT THE DATA!!!!    Even WITH inflated farality numbers per country, the average global CFR is just above the  common flu here in the U.S. (note: we have flu vaccines and a centuries long understandng of the flu for better treatment, so that should be considered).     Here in Michigan, according to the data released by the state, the CFR is 0.029%.     And NO, masks do NOT help prevent the spread of viral contagions in any recognizable way.  Virtually no mask outside of the N95 is designed for functionality & effectiveness outside a sterile environment for any length of time.    As a doctor, YOU should know this.  Also, this virus has statistically no impact on children and teenagers... FACT.  Also, for approximately 80% of the population, this virus has a much lower IFR than the common flu.   As the antibody data compiles, the CFR will continue to drop.  You, and everyone like you, should be ashamed of what you have done to small businesses, the economy, and those already suffering from mental illnesses and depression.     SHAME ON YOU.
He made a mistake, we all do.  He acknowledged it, which is more than many do.  Leave it at that.  No one is perfect.  Let alone all of you that are acting holier than thou.
The problem is you did this apology with so many cuts. If this was a real apology you would of done this with no cuts. It’s highly edited.
Cool. I spent my holiday at my work, caring for people sick with COVID and having just recovered from it myself...after contracting it at work. My residents couldn't see their families in Thanksgiving, so I watched the parade with them while wearing an N95, a gown, and goggles. I have nightmares about infecting one of my residents and causing their death. I haven't seen my friends in 3+ months, and when I did, we wore masks and sat 6 feet apart outside. And for all of that, I get paid $15.08/hr., no hazard pay, no paid sick leave, nothing. We are all sacrificing to get through this. You aren't some special exception, Dr. Mike. Grow up, and respect your chosen profession and your patients.
I hate that he has become a robot to left and this media virus they are using against us honestly I thought  doctors were supposed to be non political but its shows with him and dr.fauci.
This should be on your *main channel
Chill out people, at least he apologized and didn't make any excuses. We all make mistakes in life, whether it be bad or good.
If one can judge him or herself before opening thier mouth. Then when met with opposition of view or opinion. The one who judged themselves first, is better prepared for debate.
I bet over 80% of people complaining about him ‘messing up’ do not follow guidelines themselves. 🙄
why is this not on your main channel?
He a doctor but he can’t count ?
So cowardly uploading this here. And your language choices minimise the reality of what has happened... no one is USING your actions to peddle conspiracies. You handed it to them on a plate. Well done. I really enjoyed your content but how can I trust anything you say now?
Let’s be honest you didn’t check this before plus you exceeded the recommendations for number of peak Le on a boat
“Let’s be mature, let’s not throw parties, let’s not say ‘forget Covid-19.’” - Doctor Mike
WHAT is his Main Channel you all talk about?
My opinion is obviously going to be an unpopular one consider the comment section.  I understand that people are disappointed. But personally, I get it, everyone gets tired of the stringency of covid regulations and may not do everything right. For example: has your mask ever fallen down and come under your nose? Have you forgotten to sanitize? Did you visit somebody, and were super careful? Did you give a coworker a ride in your car, and have them sit in the front seat (while both of you wore masks)? Well then you weren't following the regulations.  The common theme I see with the criticism is that Dr Mike is a doctor and should know better. Doctors and perfect.  He's a human being and did something that impacted HIS life. He didn't then walk into a shopping mall or airport throwing all regulations out the window. He went to that party and put his own life at risk, that's his business. Afterwards, I'm pretty sure he made sure to wear his mask and not potentially infect any people around him.  I agree with the fact that he should have posted this on his main channel.
This guy is a celebrity doctor. Real professional doctors aren't posting on social media and YouTube. I know because my family member has been a doctor for 40 years.
just looked at the pictures lol thats reallly really dissapointing dude
So sexy♥♥♥♥
It's okay Dr. Mike, it happens. You're still awesome.
Post this on your main channel and not the clips channel. Unsubscribed.
I was about to unsubscribe from you entirely after learning this happened. As with most apologies I would say: 'as long as you really are sorry and won't do it again, it's forgiven on my part.' Wearing a mask on that boat - even when technically not being required to - would have cost you basically nothing. Please practice what you preach: you are a public role model.
@ayana Relax I responded to 3 comments.. ofc it's a serious topic but you bitching at him is not gonna make it easy for everyone to get thru. Again you said you understand so don't come at him and be humble.
I honestly think it would be better if he said he was being impulsive. Him saying that he thought of the guidelines beforehand and determined that the risk was okay for him only makes it clear that he premeditated the while thing. Especially considering in the videos he is clearly not following guidelines
This is mfking hilarious, my dude. Every couple that cancelled their wedding this year deserves all your AdSense money. You fratboy fashion hypocrite.
Bloviating charlatan narcissist. Get over yourself.
As a scientist you should know "I'm a human" is a terrible reason for error
After coming from Miami back you made 4 videos on your main channel. Why didn't you remember to apologise then? . This clearly shows that you are only sorry because you caught. Also now you are sharing this video on your another channel that people doesn't know about. I didn't know that you are a actor too. You are saying sorry in such a manner that alot of people thinking that you are really feeling bad gor what you did. But in actual this is just your drama to get your trust back
I dislike how many people are calling him out here. He apologized on a small channel, yes. He only apologized when he got caught, yes. He goes against the message he was preaching, yes. However, none of that inherently makes him an awful person until the end of time. Especially when we’ve had years of precious memories with this guy. He made a mistake. It was a bad mistake, it reflected badly on him, however, there were no but’s or if’s in this video that he attempted to use to lessen the personal involvement. He saw what he’d done, saw how many people it impacted, and sent an apology. I for one will forgive him since he’s only human, and many people seem to forget our fallacies, especially in role models. I will be more wary of him, but I’ll continue to support him however I can when he continues to preach the dangers of COVID.
Don't tell us of all the guidelines you followed. Don't justify you actions and just say sorry. You are not the only one that has friends, family and birthdays. No one is downplaying covid and attacking the science because of your "impact"... you are being called out for your hypocrisy and the people you let down.
huuuge dissapointment
Apology not on your main channel? Pretty weak and duplicitous.
I'm glad he's willing to admit a mistake. And, it's nice to see him to make such a heartfelt apology for this when there are people I know who won't apologize for far more reckless actions relating to covid.
Disappointing, you may have ruined your own career on youtube.
Fake apology I'm unsubscribing
Never even knew you had this second channel. Post it on the main (though I unsubscribed so doesn't really matter). I'm getting real tired of being played by doctors. Hypocrite.
This makes you think. What does Dr Mike know about COVID that he felt so confident it wouldn't touch him? Is COVID as serious people make it out to be? If doctors are gallavanting   freely. Or is it simply a doctor that forgot he need to do what he preaches?
So it’s so as I say, not as I do?? Lost all credibility IMO. No respect. Hypocrite. SMH
Yeah.... Because apologising for something that was a full thought through decision makes it all ok..... I have a heart defect and lungs that are naturally at 70% capacity. For months I was locked off from everyone, I disinfected all incoming food packages I could. Living in an apartment building meant going outside to exercise was not an option, so I hardly got regular direct sunlight, in a state that has rain 50% of the year.  But yes, apologising for helping to spread a killer virus makes it fine👌screw you and every entitled twat like you!
Oh and dont think we forgot that you deleted your mask tweets. Again, there are layers to this
He is a racist he know that covid kills more people of color and he still out there spreading covid.
How can something you teach on your channel everyday be a learning experience for you?
dude. You really uncut things. you can't just say individual risk and local guidelines. cause that exactly what all the conservatives want to hear you say. The point of the pandemic that is that we don't hold individual risk, we hold risk to the greater community. And your community is gigantic... you've invited far more risk to your community, people may die or dismiss restrictions because they will think its alright for dr. mike must be alright for me. If you don't want to be a role model and just wanna be an in his 30s doctor, thats respectful and grand, but don't play the "individual risks" card and still want the role of the science-driven responsible influencer...
I like how people get mad at the mistakes someone makes then acts like they wouldn't do it themselves. Now that's hypocrisy.
He feels no remorse and is only worried about how this is going to affect his image. He has never really cared about anything but fame
I expected better the fact that this is not on his main channel just shows how little he cares smh
I have been an avid viewer of Dr. Mike for years and have frequently used his channel as a way of sharing medical information with people who are less inclined to check official sources. I held Dr. Mike in a high regard and am upset by his hypocritical choice to go to this social event.   While his actions are harmful to the important message he is spreading, I nevertheless encourage people to remember that everyone, even the people we put on pedestals, is human and makes mistakes.   I do not condone Dr. Mike’s actions, but I understand that he sincerely recognizes this as a mistake and genuinely cares deeply about sharing important medical  information in a healthy and positive manner.   And if you’re reading this Dr. Mike, please know that despiste being disappointed by your actions and the harm they caused to the incredibly important message you are a part of, I understand that this was a mistake and does not reflect your true character. By all means, keep taking responsibility and making efforts to undue the damage you caused but please do not beat yourself up over this. We are all human and all make mistakes; the important thing is what you do next.
Your friend surprised you with a boat filled with women, it wasn’t just a random boat ride.  Edit: When he mentions the “Boat Capacity Guidelines” it clearly states “Eight adults maximum” and “maximum of 10 on the boat”. Despite that, 15 “adults” were on the boat rubbing against each other like sardines.
The ending of thought, which is the cutting at the root of the self, when there is such non-identifying attention, then does the self exist? The act of listening implies listening to the senses you can’t stop the senses but the moment I say I must have more of that begins identification.
You are such a coward... Why is this not on your main channel.. I SEE YOU!!
C'mon guys. We all make mistakes!  I for one hate it when I'm trying my best to be responsible and socially distant for the good of my community and accidentally wind up in the line to board a plane to another state...with luggage! Whoops!  Then once I accidentally board the flight, find my seat, stow my bag, watch my inflight movie and then disembark my accidental flight things somehow keep getting worse!  You see, I know even small parties are a bad idea, "Hard no" even, but then my friends message me about meeting up and my finger slips and instead of the "no thank you. Trying to be socially distant." I *meant* to text I accidentally type some meet up plans. Embarrassed, I decide I need to explain how important social distancing is to my friends, but maybe they will get the message better if I deliver it in person.  But then once I find them, my mask and clothes fall off, revealing my emergency bathing suit,  I accidentally do some chiropractics on a woman in a bikini and I trip and fall right onto a party boat.  I hate it when that happens.  Doctor Mike, one of my close friends missed the chance to be with the woman who raised her during her last moments on earth because *you* told us travel was dangerous. I hope you had fun on that boat. My friend wishes she'd taken your advice as seriously as you did.
Would of never said sorry or anything if you havent go caught ......Rules for thee , not for me !!!!!
What did he even do?
The audacity this man has to put this pathetic excuse of an apology here instead of his main channel to avoid the wrath of his millions of followers. This goes beyond cancel culture and clout, this 'doctor' should have his licensed revoked.
What happened
He made a mistake! He's human,for God's sake!  We all.make.mistakes.but we are not in the.newspapers! I accept the apology!
You could have used one of those bikini tops as a mask...
Dr. Mike please post this in your channel. You are a humble person.
Why is this not on his main channel?
shame on you forreal
"The impact of my trip", "I'm being used for nefarious reasons" - Don't you mean "The wrong decision I made".   I would NOT want you as my doctor knowing that you could be a carrier for COVID due to your bad decision making. The fact that you're healthy and did this doesn't mean your patients would be and you put OTHER's lives at risk. You're just sorry you got caught.
As if every person dragging Dr. Mike for 1 mistake has never had contact with a single person without a mask during the pandemic. I can understand that people are pissed now and take the advantage of the mistake even though it has nothing to do with the science itself. I also noticed that you had tears in your eyes at the end of the video. You are a good person one can tell. Hope u are alright
Post this on your main channel, coward.
It's hard to be a YouTube Doctor,...
*Millions of students - can’t graduate.*  *Millions of people - unemployed.*  *Millions of people - suffering from mental health issues due to isolation.* *Millions of proper doctors and nurses - struggling to cope mentally.* *Every person who had a birthday - celebrated alone.*  *Elderly people - isolated from their families.*  *Mike - goes to Miami when travelling is frowned upon, parties on a boat full of strangers/ “friends” from multiple households.*   *But it’s okay cause he wears a mask when he walks his dog.*    *I don’t buy it when you say you “learned” a lot of lessons from this trip. There was nothing that you didn’t already know that you shouldn’t do, you even said you were nervous about it and did it anyway☺️.*
*Millions of students - can’t graduate.*  *Millions of people - unemployed.*  *Millions of people - suffering from mental health issues due to isolation.* *Millions of proper doctors and nurses - struggling to cope mentally.* *Every person who had a birthday - celebrated alone.*  *Elderly people - isolated from their families.*  *Mike - goes to Miami when travelling is frowned upon, parties on a boat full of strangers/ “friends” from multiple households.*   *But it’s okay cause he wears a mask when he walks his dog.*    *I don’t buy it when you say you “learned” a lot of lessons from this trip. There was nothing that you didn’t already know that you shouldn’t do, you even said you were nervous about it and did it anyway☺️.*
You think a doctor would know better & be an example. Classic case of "do what I say, not what I do."
Are you really even a “Doctor”?
I wouldn't be surprised is some of those ladies in the pics were doctors themselves... Doctors usually hang out/mingle with other doctors 😐
LoLoLoL... Zero. Credibility.   “UNSUBSCRIBE”
ugh im disappointed
I love Dr. Mike but this made me very sad as a nurse myself smh.
You. Got. Caught.   “Unsubscribed”  GFYS.
We all know that he did not follow his own rule but i am glad he knows it was wrong
Just felt like writing these lines from a song, "Cause life's not easy, I'm not made out of steel Don't forget that I'm human, don't forget that I'm real..." I'll show you By Justin B  People make mistakes regardless of what position they hold in the  society... Dr Mike is also a person and he apologized. Also, put yourself in his shoes when writing something. Imagine it was you who's going to read the comment you wrote.
Sorry you should know better being a fucking professional. A party should be the LAST THING on your mind.
Get that p my man, I don't care.
Doctor Mike have inspired me to go into medicine and to work towards being great in the medical profession. And I just wanted to say that in the medical field. When you make a mistake you own up to it  and take accountability and that’s what he’s doing and I will forever respect that.
Would mean more if you this posted on main channel. It blew up anyway so people will still see it but it being here instead shows your heart.  Also I've been linking your Vids when arguing with family that doesn't believe the pandemic. Now there is doubt cast on every single argument I said with you as a source. Any time I argue for the guildlines that picture of you (surrounded by people, no mask, no distance) will be thrown at me as proof that covid-19 isn't serious. BTW I canceled my vacation to see family partially based on your advice and to see you go and act like this hurts. I say these things not to tear you down but out of genuine hurt.
*Mike's Lawyer* : *"Your’re posting this to your channel with 6 Million subscribers and not the one with like 60k right Mike?"*  *Mike* :   *sweats nervously*
You shouldn't have to apologize for living life. We all need to be more understanding with each other. No one is a monster for visiting family and spending time with people. Maybe government officials and health officials should be more understanding with the general public.
Hey. Can you just recognize that, if your main excuse is that you're young and healthy, then you haven't been listening to guidelines. This isn't about your health. You know this. This is about others.
Everyone human makes mistakes, I accept your apology and have always admired your sincerity and excellent knowledge and advice, this remains untarnished in my eyes. Thank you Doctor mike and keep up the good work!
Risk is spectrum. If you're rich, democrat, or rioting you are safe, otherwise cancel your holidays, don't go to church, obey slave.
Wow! What a hypocritical a&shole! You're sorry u got caught😡 You can see it in your body language and hear it in your voice 😈 EVIL TYRANT!
I’ve been really enjoying your channel throughout this pandemic man, and I understand missing your friends but it just feels like this is another person in power just ignoring the pandemic This should also be on your main channel
The fact that he's 31 and has a medical license is disgusting. He's a hypocrite and a crappy person. This sort of behavior and lifestyle is extremely immature and unprofessional.
The fact that this video is not on his main channel shows his personality... 60k+ subscribers but video got more than 700k+ views shows hypocrisy can't be hidden
“Your’re posting this to your channel with _6 Million_ subscribers and not the one with like _60k_ right Mike? .....Mike?   Mike: *sweats nervously*
Who knew you were a douchebro
BRUH
Can some 1 help me i went to dentist and he gave me demo how he would do cleaning without changeing the machine that clean he just toach my teeth for few sec no bleeding nothing then he proceed and change machine and carry on cleaning i am worried is there any thing concerning
I am so absolutely disappointed.
*Gotcha Dr. Hypocrite !*
*Gotcha Dr. Hypocrite !*
*Gotcha Dr. Hypocrite !*
doesnt even have the balls to apologize on his main channel, laughable
Hypocrite. Like alot of these celebs and politicians, rules are for us not them
Covid knows to definitely stay back when a young doctor goes out on a boat for  a party. "OMG but it's his birthday!"  I'm sure that party was riddled with stis anyways. 🤣 I don't want to see another video about covid precautions FROM THIS HYPOCRITE  anymore.
Despite his mistake, I'm really really really worried that he's going to get cancelled. People are very much toxic nowadays, as shown by some comments below, and I know this apology isn't going to satisfy everyone, but I hope people give him a second chance. He's not perfect, but he's a really good person.
*# Dr Hypocrite*
*# Dr Hypocrite*
*# Dr Hypocrite*
Stop explaining this so hard, it’s not making you look better. This video makes you look worse, not better. Just stop.
*# Dr Hypocrite*
Just like the politician: do as I say not as I do. No way in hell you apologize if you weren’t caught.
Why not post this on your main channel? You only apologize bcouse you got caught. if no one seen you, you wouldnt even mention it. lost all trust in you and your advices. unsub on MAIN channel. you are hypocrite.
That sofa looks horribly uncomfortable.
Firstly, if he's bothering to make an apology video it should be on his main channel.  Secondly, I don't think he needed to make this video. He's right, the risk to him personally was very low, and quarantining when he returned home would remove the risk to anyone else. He didn't do anything hypocritical, he chose to live his life with calculated risk which is something we all do every day, and the fact that he's being made to feel guilty for that is sad.
Dr Mikhail Vallofshitsski, your cover is blown, everyone knows you are Russian sleeper agent, please proceed to your nearest safehouse for your debriefing and Cyanide Vaccination -- Number #2
A good doctor isn't one who never makes mistakes, but one who values the mistakes he made as important lessons. Wish you luck and endurance through this situation.
okaaay... maybe put it on the main channel?
*Gotcha Dr. Hypocrite !*
Your voice sounds as if you're having a nasal congestion...
Fake tool.
This video is just full of embarrassment.
Watch out for that cancel culture doc lmao
oh bro... bro. nooo this is not the one
To be honest, the most  annoying thing, to me, it is the environment of the picture itself. Those are all "healthy-who-cares" young and influencers-like people. If you were with your family, 3 or even 6 of you, that would have been completely different mask or no mask...
I dare people to say something nice..we are all human and we all make mistakes. Y’all are no different from the rest of us...
Lol I see you trying to brush this under the rug by uploading this half-assed excuse-filled non-apology to your side channel instead of the main one. Also, I'm sure you're already aware, but your actions reflect poorly on the entire medical community. People see you behaving like this, and the already dwindling trust in healthcare workers worsens and makes them all look like selfish hypocrites. You knew what you were doing, Also, this terrible apology video isn't helping your cause.
The photo clearly shows 15 people, all maskless and might I add, don’t seem to be in the process of getting in or out of the water. I may not be a doctor, but I’m pretty sure 15>10. What is this “we were well under that” comment? Did you self isolate when you got home? Was every single person tested before the boat? This is completely shameful and the fact that conspiracy theorists have more fuel now is on you.
Done with you. Your hypocrisy is infuriating.
Is everyone here in the comment is under 13?
Y'all are so annoying, let the man live lol
You followed the guidelines, so you didn’t do anything wrong
Bruh this tool can’t even be bothered to put this on his main channel. He’s such an insincere disappointment .
SPILL THE TEA HONEY , SPILL IT
Omfg.....all of the day old comments are gone. Can you stop deleting & filtering out comments if you really think this is a proper apology video? Your character is literally on the chopping block
True sociopath. It's worse when you know what your doing is wrong and do it anyway, not just hypocritical.
Why does the title seem like he’s trying to show off how he’s a good person that admits when he’s wrong.
Wow I almost thought this was a joke... the whole ending sounded like a teenage boy apologizing to his girlfriend for hanging out with other girls... 3:51-4:30
Time to get canceled for being human
"yayaya im dumb"
Mike, I can understand the defensiveness after getting caught and feeling justified in your actions. However,  that doesn't make your actions any more  forgivable.  If you want a last shot at gaining any amount of forgiveness or respect from your subscribers, 1: Focus only on your decision. That was  something you could actually control. 2: Instead of immediately rushing to address the backlash, give yourself time to consider the impact of what you've done.  3: Don't try to soften the blow by posting it to your side channel. Apologies aren't meant to be easy. This is what happens when there's great power without responsibility. I'm incredibly disappointed.
Lessons why we should not do this: - Travel is never safe: you need to shop, use bathrooms, stay in another place overnight. You might inadvertently come into contact with the virus and you might inadvertently spread it - to people more vulnerable and less economically and socially protected than you. - Each car, skiing, boat, plane, horse ride includes the (rare, I am aware) risk of an accident needing hospital. That is why we should reduce movement to what is absolutely necessary: our hospitals have no capacity for young healthy people having accidents because of pleasure. The fact that surgeries, medical professionals and ICU stays are over capacity right now means that you actually might lose your own young and healthy life in an otherwise regular and easily treatable if serious accident.  We are a family shielding because of chronic conditions. We fear every flare up because the hospitals don't have the capacity to treat us right now. And they would be dangerous places for us to go to and extremely lonely because no relatives and friends are allowed who could check if we are treated alright.  It needs a single moment of inattention by an overworked doctor to spread the virus in a station.  Not to mention people doing unnecessary things with regulations in mind - but still doing them. That hurts. A lot.
you don't have to say sorry. honestly I'm done with this mask thing it should be up to the people to wear masks. not the government. its a free country. if all those people where ok with having there masks off so be it. there not endangering any but them selves. if you think people are at risk if you go out and not wear a mask wear a mask. if you think its fine and not endangering any body  then don't. where I'm from people don't care and don't wear masks so I don't either and its not mandatory in my county. at this point there are tests done showing that masks DONT have any impact with a 6ft radius of distance the difference is only about 1% which is no were big enough to say its making a difference. people in china have but wearing them for years because of the pollution in there city, not for a virus. now why are we wearing them in the first place, well in crowded city's maybe be useful but there is no test to show it is. quarantining is a great idea for slowing the spread , but it also ruins the economy, now you could say stimulus helps. but you would be VERY WRONG. it severely devalues are dollar so far it has devalued are dollar by 20% alone. that means if you had 40 grand in a bank account its now worth 20% less then before. the prices of items are worth 20 more. just to make up for that. the only way you could have stopped your money from losing its worth is putting your money into crypto currency like bitcoin/ethereum coins. because the price is controlled by the government. I get what your trying to teach but I can see even you are done with this mask b*llsh*t. I'm done with people getting canceled over this.
Where is my bee whoop?
I don’t see you taking responsibility of your actions. Big hypocrite, practice what you preach. I can see the lack of maturity and experience as a doctor.
Shows the people who preach the hardest about the severity of the virus don’t really buy what their selling.
Uh, okay 👍🏻
Do you know you're wrong or are you just doing this to "say sorry"?
im getting tired of people doing things and falling on the im sorry theory, i shot the dog sorry, it doesent bring the dog back you know what i meen?
It’s bullshit what he is saying he knows he’s only saying it to not get more backlash then what he has already recived 🙄
Ahhh. This is trending!!!
Do I accept this apology? Yes.  Am I still a huge Dr Mike fan? Yes.  Do I know that we as humans make mistakes? Yes.  Am I confused as to why this was posted on this channel and not his main? Yes.  Edit: he posted it on his community page on his main channel.   I think the problem is that this is on a channel that less than 50% of Dr Mike fans are subbed to. Many of them aren't going to see this.   Dr Mike, if you see this, than you for publically making an apology and realising the mistake that you made.   Please post this on your main channel because many of your loyal fans won't see this.
Amei
mike, there are people that are dying
If you think it’s the learning opportunity that it is for you and for the rest of us (who stayed home, BTW) shouldn’t this have the maximum reach it deserves? Like being on your main channel? I was so saddened to see this incident because I really resonated with your message and your energy. I am not sure if I do, anymore. Good luck!
What's the point in saying that you should mandatoryly follow covid rules when you broke them. Shame. This apology video is just waste cause he is such a hypocrite and a liar. I feel bad for all his fans and I feel bad that he lied to millions of people who watched his covid safety videos.
Unpopular opinion: despite this ending up being a mistake on Dr Mike's part, he did research and gave reasonable arguments as to why he ultimately decided to go to the party. The pandemic is serious and we should follow the precautions, however I think his case is not as serious as people who don't live alone, go party in illegal gatherings and then come back infected, and pass the disease to their family members who may belong to risk groups. Dr Mike is a Healthcare professional who made a mistake that, in my understanding, is less severe than sending home someone who may be suffering from cancer or a tumor... A mistake that sadly some doctors make we hear too often about. This is sad to hear, but it doesn't mean we should stop trusting dr Mike. My opinion. I hope people don't take offense. I'm just bringing a different point of view.
I don't have words. I'm a young person, I am in one of the states that was doing very well at the beginning of COVID, still I didn't go outside and party. I couldn't attend my own graduation, I couldn't attend prom, I couldn't see my family or friends. I followed your advice (and the advice that the state was giving), I followed all the guidelines, all the rules, because even if I wasn't going to get hurt, I could hurt someone else. I have been following you for some time now, hoping to keep learning, hoping to continue to improve my life and my health. I am just disappointed. I know you can't take back what you did, but I also can't continue trusting you the way I did.
My mom's cousin was young as well (she was 24) and she was pregnant 8 months in and she only visited her monthly doctor's appointment but guess what. She lost her life to covid.  I am so disappointed with you and your excuses of being young and healthy. I actually used to sing praises for you... What a shame
How will others take it seriously when you did not. You have so many followers who look up to you, set by example. Please do better, I know you can. Stay safe & healthy
I think you need to take a long break to think about this. For you more than us. I really don't think you grasp how serious this is.
YOU'RE JUST SORRY CAUSE YOU GOT CAUGHT, WE'VE HEARD IT ALL BEFORE.
Me coming back to this post because Dr Mike hasn't posted on his main channel.
Why is this not in your main channel?
Bruh, Mike this is such a punch in the gut. I trusted you. just another pretty face huh?
And the fact that you are actively deleting & filtering out comments......no words
I read somewhere his grandma is dying as well.. what a prick people would put a persona on youtube but they show their true colors off-camera so scary
Bro, you're a human, not a flawless superhero. The world needs to learn to manage their expectations when it comes to celebrities. This video is a non issue. Take risks that you deem to be acceptable for you man.
Post it on your main channel p*ssy. If you were actually sorry you wouldn't have done it in the first place. Congratulations. You played yourself and the trust people had in you.
"I'm young, I don't have health problems"  The person in the shop next to you with underlying health issues: *"oh ok cool I guess everything is alright then"*
Why post this here instead of on your official channel though?
Gavin Newsom earned my respect by being transparent and beating the media and coming out publicly. You're hiding behind a youtube no one really watches compared to your real one, and only coming out because you got caught. I don't know if I can look at you the same way again to be honest. Edit - Because of this more people are going to believe the pandemic isn't as serious. Read the comments and look what you've done.
Telling people how to live their lives is fucking disgusting.
This apology is phony is hilarious
You put your medical message at risk. All you had to do was wear a mask. Why did you not? You gave the conspiracy theorists fodder. You put your medical colleagues at risk. I find it hard to believe you were going to self-quarantine after your trip before the uproar. Put this on your main channel. This backlash is deserved.
Oh Well I don’t care 😝
This is guys a clown like Newsome and the rest of these liberals
Sandwich.
Makes you wonder the number of times he attended a party without getting caught.
My feelings are hurt because people are attacking my hypocrisy
Oof. Yeah I looked at the picture and I’m really confused as to why you were there? There were a lot of very obvious restrictions being broken. You may have looked up guidelines, but you didn’t follow them. I was initially on your side, since it’s not like everyone is always 100% perfect with this stuff, but having over ten people without masks and without social distancing? If there were only 8 people, maybe. If y’all were distanced, maybe. If anyone was wearing a mask, maybe. If you were in the water swimming, maybe. But you really weren’t doing any of that and you smiled for a picture. A big aspect of why this is disappointing is because I’ve felt like you were very trustworthy and reliable when it came to Covid news based on your approach and your fact- backed arguments. But you’ve shown you don’t agree with what you’ve said. It’s not just that you used your influence poorly, it’s that you’ve lost much of the trust that supported that influence. I don’t think you should be canceled for this, but it will make me think twice before watching any of your videos or believing anything you state. I guess it’s just a wake up call that you may have credentials, but that doesn’t mean you always know or believe what you say.
What's amazing is that he's still condescending. Wow
"I'll apologize because I gof caught"
This guy is such a tool. Myself and my whole family have had COVID and we’re all fine. He’s a part of the problem. The masks don’t work and he knows it. Ignore this fool and get back to life as normal.
He haven't "messed up" behaving normally. He is "messing up" constantly by peddling this propaganda.
I can't stand this lying Aziz narcissistic . He wants to talk about plus size people he needs to preach to silicone Betty he was sucked up to. What a piece of garbage I am so outraged.
How bout you put this on your main channel, not on your 2nd channel that's super tiny in comparison
I don't think you going out on a boat with friends is that bad, but this apology video is really not good. Poorly worded, deflecting blame, not explaining the issue clearly... Although it may not be the case, I agree with other commenters that you come across as sorry for getting caught rather than sorry for your actions.
The fact put it on his second channel and not the main is what rubs me the wrong way.
You didn’t post this on your main channel. That’s a very calculated move. If you were really sorry you would post this on your main channel. Your country is suffering right now. You knew what you were doing, as a doctor. So awful. And you made videos about corona too...yikes. The cognitive dissonance.
Well the fact that the ones defending you are either antimask or anticovid or both, speaks volumes. In this case, its not their fault, its all you. Its not like you “should” know better, because you DO know better, you literally work in the field, yet you CHOSE to act all mighty and ignore what youve been preaching and profiting from for months. And trying to hide it for 3 weeks? Blocking & deleting comments from your own fans? Came up with this bullshit video on a secondary channel after the whole thing blew up? Yeah your character is truly showing
I bet someone is gonna make a meme template out of the thumbnail
Post it in your first Channel
i disagree b/c he so strongly advocated other measures (contradictory) but tbh i think ppl should be allowed to make their own decisions. Everyone loves to be these heroes "omg no u should stay at home and keep everyone safe" but realistically gvt should never have that much power.. We can't just socially distance until there is no foreseeable threat!  if ppl wanna lock themselves away, so be it. We can't just stop existing for a virus with 99% survival.  Lockdowns, forcing businesses to close, school shutdowns--- so many more things will have crippling impacts for years to come.
i just saw ur videos in fb like last week, starts to love the channel but this scandal just came out, Sorry,
I don't blame you, you weighed the risks and followed the correct protocols
I didn't really take him seriously after seeing him stuffed into a turtle neck with prayer hands on Instagram. At least I know my instincts are still sharp.
You have lost all the respect I had for you
Dr mike that was dumb bro
I wish there was a way to know how many people die due to irresponsable behavior like this. Im pregnant I have been in lockdown for months. Going to my Dr's appointments by myself, my husband unable to be a part of this pregnancy watching the ultrasounds via FACETIME and seems unfair that some people feel like they can go out and continue spreading this. Im disapointed because I have followed you for a long time and really thought you were someone we could trust and take seriously.
not that deep, you guys need to chill tf out😂 “i’m so disappointed in you” “how could you! you were my role model!!” geez you guys are fucken annoying, let the man live
Yet more proof that shows most elites and influencers don't really care about us. Its all just an act
Crazy.. You are on TV advising people how to deal with covid and they trust you and then you go maskless on a boat thinking yeah so what... And you don't even waste a thought on telling people not to take fotos or at least not to put them on social media.. I mean.. Yeah.. I don't get it. This is just... dumb. It's not about making mistakes.. This is not a mistake you made, this is double standards.
Seems like he tried to manage the risk. I respect that and the message he's been pushing.  You wanna hang him for it, then admit one time you ignored a guideline because of social pressure or desire or need.   I had a sore throat, went to the grocery store because me and my mom needed groceries and i didnt have a credit card.  I hadnt seen another human being (except mom) in 3 weeks.   I still broke the rules.
So basically this guy gave in to some of the conspiracy theorist thought about covid by partying out. Lol.
We admire you brother thank you for being a good person
This is really disappointing. I think it will take a lot of work to earn trust back from your audience, which is unfortunate because you were doing so much good with your platform before. I'm glad to hear you tested negative x3. Stay safe
For the groupies defending him: This video is bullshit. He did not for once acknowledge what he did was wrong. The only thing he condemned is the “impact” of people using him when he’s the one who CONSCIOUSLY fucked up. Not just once. The whole weekend. The very least that he can do is to not make excuses or to lie about the whole thing, which he did anyway. There are layers to this video, its truly one of the worst “apologies” of its kind.  Had he said “im sorry, i am a hypocrite, theres no justification to what happened since ive been posting videos and profiting off of them for months now”, the reception wouldve been different. Had he posted on his main account instead of his 2nd account with less than 1% subscribers count, people wouldve reacted differently. Had he refused the offer to party with 10+ OnlyFans & insta models (who im pretty sure he knew from the very beginning because the whole weekend was planned by the same promoter that arranged his birthday bash last year in miami) he BARELY knew, people wouldnt be here. Heck, had he canceled in the first place/not make any plans for a birthday trip at a covid hotspot DURING a pandemic, people wouldnt call him a hypocrite.  He fucked up, then he fucked up even more by ignoring it for 3 weeks, blocking people (his own fans) whos been asking questions since 2 weeks ago, deleting & filtering out comments, only to come up with this bullshit video. He made videos about covid and profited off those videos for MONTHS. He condemned the people who did EXACTLY what he did. And now he even came up with the exact same excuse with those said people. He’s only sorry he got caught. The only lesson he learned is to make sure everyone sign a NDA before breaking another protocol next time. Instead of telling people to express their rightful disgust & disappointment, maybe yall need to learn to not baby a grown man who knew exactly what he was doing from the start.
Yo he made a mistake, we all do, stopping being so disrespectful, no one is perfect
y'all acting like u didn't trip up even once during all these months give the dude a break, as long as he don't do it again, it's gonna be fine
Tuesday is my birthday, also I think it would be good to make a list of things Dr. Mike could have done instead of flying to Florida, not wearing a mask, and partying with 15 people.   Please leave below some birthday ideas if you want. I would really appreciate it. I hope that you are all staying safe ❤️
Feel like you’re only “apologizing” because you got caught. If no one had seen those pictures would you have made this video? Would you still be sorry? I have hard time believing you would. I think you pretty much just tanked your YouTube career pal. No one is going to take you seriously anymore.
🐏🐏🐑🐑🐑🐏🐑🐑🐑🐏🐑🐑🐏🐑🐑
This sounds like a sheep!!
The "Do as I say, not as I do" mentality of your actions is hypocritical. The fact that you put this "apology" on your channel with less subscribers and not on your main channel with 6+ million followers indicates that you wanted to bury this incident. You stated that you checked the regulations for boat capacity beforehand, yet there were at least 15 people on the boat. That is over capacity and none of the people onboard were practicing the CDC regulations by wearing masks and social distancing. People who follow you, or casually watch your videos, trust your judgement as a medical professional. This one incident can have serious ramifications. You have shown that you are selfish and care more about being an "influancer" and partying than about your fellow colleagues in the medical profession, loyal patients, and people who looked to you for medical advice. You may never regain  the trust of your patients, colleagues, and your YouTube followers. As the saying goes; "Trust is like a broken mirror. You can repair it, but you can still see the cracks in it." I hope this incident was worth tarnishing your medical reputation over.
While I honestly understand why there is a general anger coming from his following, all I want to say is: first, I know it's the internet but some of these comments are just very mean... You can attack the actions, as many of you rightfully do, but ad hominem is just ethically wrong. Secondly, I think what people would've expected more in this situation would be for him to understand how there is a question of priviledge that is raised here, what is ok for him to do without dramatically risking his life isn't okay for someone with less income to do because of the guidelines that he, himself, defend. However, he is clearly not wrong in stating that people shouldn't attack the **science**, there is a need for nuance here: Making a big mistake doesn't mean we can dehumanize someone, it only means that we can question whether they are ethically compliant or not, Doctor Mike is still human and he can make mistakes, he can have a different perspective of his actions and reevaluate his decisions, we all do, he's slightly less cooler now that we know that he's not the Trevor Noah of medecine (couldn't think of a better analogy, sorry) but he's still dope for a doctor.
Belated gamer moment.
Lets see - rich doctor who did something that does not go with the current left wing agenda. Next time someone gives me a boat for my birthday, no one will see me making an apology video.
you have to understand how fucking stupid the first part of your video is right? You cant actually believe that you followed those mitigation measures when you guys are huddled together for a group photo. Just take the L and move on but please don't try to justify it after the fact with bullshit reasons.
Doctors are people too and make bad decisions. We shouldn't put the expectations of perfection on anyone, no matter the importance of their career, because at the end of the day, they are just as human as you.  Dr. Mike, I still look up to you as a healthcare professional. Please don't allow this mistake in judgement or the wrath of others tear you down. At the end of the day, you are affected by this pandemic, too. Be gentle with yourself.
I am one of dr. Mike subscriber. If this video didn't pop up on youtube trending, maybe i'll never knew it.  But, i try to put my shoes. After all he is just a human being. A young man that wanna coping his stress with hangout with family and friends. I know its the same for you, for all of us, and i know its wrong for him to did what he did as a "medical influencer".   But, hey, we're human. We make mistake. We learned from it. And we can't deny, we try to keep something precious to us so it won't get hurt (in this case maybe its dr.Mike subscriber or supporter) that he won't lose. Its wrong. But its understandable.   Give him chance. People do made mistake.
BOOOOOOOOO
Wear the medical masks.
okay, he apologized for his actions and will not do it again. thats fine with me.
If you took safety precautions during your trip I don't see anything wrong with it. There is no reason everyone should have to shut down doing everything enjoyable in their life when there are ways to go about doing them safely. The fact ignorant people will try and use you enjoying your life to try and say COVID isn't real doesn't mean you should just stop what you are doing.
Did he really delete all the comments from yesterday calling him on his bs apology. Lmao
Ok, I admit I was shocked by the news, but YALL NEED TO CHILL. Don't go so hard on him, he apologized, and everyone deserves a second chance!
You went out to a boat party (a boat your friends got you ???) while telling everyone to stay quarantined. Entitlement 100%. Total disrespect to fellow HCP’s.
I think it shows a lot of grace to take responsibility for how this looks even though you followed every guideline. I understand wanting to hold yourself to a higher standard, and I appreciate it. But like you said you’re human and sometimes we all make decisions that we would have done differently if given the chance. Respect.
I didn't even know what you did but remembering what you said about doctors being humans (something that has never been lost on me), I defended you in the harsh comments. I KNEW that whatever it was you did, you would own up to it and learn from it. I'm very glad to be proven right because I hope that people can cool it now. If they cannot forgive you, then they are toxic, period. I don't uphold you to some crazy moral standard simply for being a doctor; you're not better than any of us. You are just as susceptible to mistakes as you are sickness and disease.
Gets caught and posts his apology on his second channel. Kinda sus if you ask me. Only reason why he got caught is because someone took the picture and posted it on social media. This would have all been swept under the rug if the person who posted that picture wasn't thirsty for attention.
Hypocrite lol
Bruh like he took every precaution. Personal risk is quantified and measured by each individual. Do u but be safe
The minimizing is really disappointing.  As a physician you should be aware that it's not just about your risk factors because of the possibility you spread it to others with higher risk factors.
Looks like you'll be doing damage control for a while.
Can someone tell me what happened, don’t have time to watch the whole video
So.... Why'd you post this in your 2nd channel? When you know the majority of your viewers don't follow this channel? But you want to apologise to your viewers? I'm confused.
What did he do?
How would anyone ever trust you again to give advice.
You could do better by not wearing scrubs again.
Listen, no one has been locked at home since this has started! Every one has gone to see family, has had parties, has been around people! Just because he is in the public eye, the one time he goes out, every one has an issue! He is human and we all need to leave our house once in a while or we will go crazy! He took way more safety precautions than a lot of us have, so calm down!
When you realize this is the same cookie cutter apology that the irresponsible influencers use...
Tbh I don’t think you did anything bad 😕you should be able to do what you want to do because you are already a doctors 🥼 and you have help threw the pandemic 😷 so thank you king 🤴💪
Just keep making good content, and keep your chin up! Love from Norway.
Wow dr mike there are anti maskers , “its just a flu”-ers, and covid deniers defending you in the comments. That should probably tell u something...
You're only sorry cause you got caught
You're a doctor. You know better. Selfish. You and people like you are the reason COVID-19 keeps spreading. Keep getting on YouTube and pretending like you care so you can make your money. You only "care" because you got caught.
Don't live your life in fear. Go out and do whatever YOU want to.
Covid is a massive exaggeration org is real just not as dangerous as being shown
I respect he manned up
if you made the rules than i would care. You do you. Which from what i see is "ask for forgiveness afterwards"
Just admit that all the guidelines you recommend are "for thee but not for me.". A bit of honesty might help here, people would trust you more.
Its just upsetting to see that my friends know not to invite me to parties right now. Clearly in your private life you've made it clear that you will continue doing what you'd like, which is why they spent all this money on a boat, knowing you would never turn it down. If you were as steadfast in your personal life as you are on social media, your friends never would've bought you time on a boat since they would know you'd turn it down and it would be a waste of money.
This should be on your main channel...
All I see in this video is one big hypocrite.
Its the “can harm the medical message” for me.... “it can”
You're young and healthy, this virus has a mortality of less than 1 percent and even less the younger you are and if you don't have health issues. People get sick even if they are locked in their house for months. You shouldn't have apologized, because all these people you see in the comments, their part of that group that will cancel someone for anything, and nothing is ever enough for them.
Medical grade masks do something. The ones the public wear for the most part do very little if anything. Barely anyone uses them correctly, be it out of ignorance of laziness. They only wear them to be compliant and the govt only asks us to wear them so they can appear to be helping. Aside from locking everyone in a safe room, this virus is beyond control and no one wants to admit it. Heck, they gave an Emmy to someone who ended up with the worst track record for keeping people safe during the pandemic. The desperation of public figures is palpable.
So I checked one of the account that posted the stories, the juju one, she is an Insta model and Onlyfans model from Brazil. Bra effin' Zil. Her base is Brazil, not Miami. So.....sissy flew there since how long?? All those girls are insta models/onlyfans model, and those are his friends? Well......are they really friends or did he just meet them on the boat because his friends brought along those girls? Tell us more, Mike. You left a lot of details unfilled
Just sorry for getting caught lmao
When you’re in a cult and you are flogged  by the evangelical mob and made to REPENT for your sins.
Everyone make excuses for traveling and seeing people and somehow make it ok in the mist of a pandemic, it drives me crazy because the ones who actually try to follow the rules and staying home are paying for the rest of you people who can't stop seeing people and being "social"😔
This apology seems shallow.
"I take it very very seriously" yup seems like it, what a joke of a doctor
Rules for thee, not for me
The amount of hate you’re getting in these comments actually makes me sad. I wouldn’t say you deserve the comments you’re receiving because I think everyone deserves grace when they make mistakes. Everyone is allowed to make mistakes; it’s just being criticized more because of who you are. People can say you’re only apologizing because you got caught, but I felt the sincerity in this video. I appreciate you owning up and holding yourself accountable because that’s not always easy. I trust you and trust you’re going to do better moving forward. I don’t believe your influence ends here, and I think you need to hear that.
Ppl get boats as gifts?!😶
So your so called "friends" are Only fans and Instagram models? Lol
I’m totally disappointed. Feeling embarrassed for sharing too many his videos about the pandemic. You really get people down. Me after getting struggles with the limit of physical contacts which ruin my mental health, then seeing the doctor I’ve been watching acting like a brainless celebrity, that even get me down more.
"I live alone so I don't put anyone else at risk"  4 minutes earlier "I went down to miami to my father's apartment"
I came here because this story came up on my news page on my phone. Wanted to read these comments. While it was stupid and a moment of lacking common sense, I don't think it shows Dr. Mike as a whole. I believe in him and as many people have said, 'everyone makes mistakes'. He knows he messed up and calling him out further can't change the mistake. 💙
when u get popular you act like a meathead
Dr Mike...what an A-HOLE
My grandmother always told me you have to be messing up or you’re not learning. The people who have fallen prey to this war on truth are not thinking logically and only thinking with emotion because that’s what they know how to do. It’s not a slight against those people it’s merely fact. We need all types in this world to suffer the human condition, it’s what makes it interesting and I’m sure many other things but I’m trying really hard right to come up with more now and it’s been difficult. It is not your fault that you actually did the right thing and took the proper steps to see if your risk/reward was worth it to you. These people can’t see the gray area. They think well Dr. Mike was with people. I’m sure there was a hypocrite thrown in there or somewhere from one of these anonymous Internet people. They are going to try to find any excuse that this virus is a hoax. Like I said there’s a war on truth and these poor people are the casualties, actual casualties. The saddest part to me is they don’t understand. Not that Dr. Mike was with his friends in a small group, in the sun (which helps kill the virus) and he logically thought out his options. They unfortunately couldn’t logically think themselves out of a paper bag. I’m sorry you had to go through this Dr. Mike there are those of us that understand how hella kind, full of grace and knowledge you are.   Chin up buddy, keep providing the content to keep us healthy.
Please if you guys are reading this, go to his main channel videos and ask the highest liked comments to edit and add, "Dr Mike is a hypocrite".
Dr. Mike saw the survival rate...and made a calculated decision.....why can't we all do that for ourselves and decide on locking down or not?
Rules for thee but not for me. You’re only sorry because you got caught. All I hear is excuses. Doing 2 wrongs doesn’t make a right.
You wouldn’t be apologising if you didn’t get caught. Never liked you and dont like you even more after this
Why you avoid openly debating Dr. Judy Mikovits? Valuetainment still waits for you.
U put on your second channel so not as many people would see it really!
What did he do idk know the tea
Don’t got nothing to apologize for
He attempted to bury this apology here.  Great to see it on trending.  Good on you YouTube!
They just couldn't help not posting that picture lol. That's social media for you.
EWWW.
Go join Gavin with the 111million he just stole from us and the people he sent to the retirement home knowing he would kill thousands.
People are taking this so personally. Everybody is most likely going to get covid. Millions of people traveled for Thanksgiving. Half the country doesn't care about infecting others and the one's that do aren't even wearing mask on their face right. He's a human not a saint. He's been following his own advice all year. Give him a break. Geez!
Yes COVID is terrible that’s why the medical profession are partying.
Don’t say sorry lol. You went to spend time with your family. Everyone fuckin complains about something.
This is not even on his main channel! That's sus in itself because he doesn't want to expose his wrong doings to more people.
i feel utterly betrayed...
From my experience with many of my “friends” being in the healthcare field, they actually care less about the pandemic than my family and I. 3 of them got covid, one of them got it twice. They go anywhere they like and then go to work with sick patients. I don’t give them the time of day anymore.   For me to be able to see my high risk parents, I got tested. TWICE. No hugs and still social distanced.   Dr. Mike, you’re no better than my “friends”. Selfish.   Note: I am not referencing all health care workers if you are one and are  Taking this seriously. Thank you if you are.
I didn’t know you had a second channel. This really should been posted to your main channel. I really trusted your guidance and information throughout this pandemic. Goes to show that not even doctors can follow their own medical advice
Dude I get it.....hot girls on a boat ....no apology necessary bro!
Okay bud. You do you.
did he really just say that because he's young and healthy he has a low risk?? this is huge problem. the biggest covid positive age group which dr. mike falls under, have the same mentality. yes you may be young and healthy, but the patients you see may not be. im under 25 and have a compromised autoimmune system, i work in a dr's office. i take my health, the doctors, the nurse and the patients health seriously. sad to see this guy doesn't.
I think if he never had contact  with anyone else 3 days before that and 3 days after the incident I think hes clear of spreading the corona if he had it. Honestly we dont know what happened, but him as a doctor it is really disappointing to see him do that. Its like anyone that has a job doing the straight opposite because thats really what happened.
This is why I only trust Doctor Doucette👀
When you were calculating your "individual risk," did you factor in that you're a doctor who sees patients?????
It’s not a illegal to go on a boat. Stop bitching at him.
did he just bring up boat capacity lol?!
"I'm being used for nefarious purposes" 🤦‍♂️ well, you knew that these conspiracy theories were running wild before you decided to party and pose for the picture. You have a large platform and the message you sent was that you didn't think the virus was that serious. Why wouldn't they use you to support their theories?
TL;DR:“I’m sorry but I’m young and healthy and I didn’t do anything wrong and I only spoke out because cOnsPIrAcY tHEoriSts started coming for me guys.”
Highkey y'all mad cause you wasn't invited to the Yacht party.. just admit it lol
it’s the fact that you literally made excuses for your actions, saying that you’re “young and healthy” as if that makes this situation better. it’s the fact that you’re posting this on ur 2nd channel instead of your main channel. it’s the fact that you told us to do 1 thing and then go ahead and do another thing. it’s the fact that you’re a healthcare worker and decide to go party with your friends instead of set an example for your colleagues. it’s the fact that you have constantly told us to wear masks and social distance and yet at this party we see none of that. it’s the fact that you were irresponsible, selfish, and only cared about yourself in that moment. i’m not even feeling disappointment, i’m feeling anger. it feels as if i got deceived and manipulated, and as a long-time watcher of yours i always thought you would be truthful and stick to your own words.
Welp, another one bites the dust.
This guy: Stay home. Don't see your family and isolate.   Also this guy: I'm going to party with girls on a boat because of the money I've made from telling idiots what to do.
You made all this money from your fame as a doctor, yet you only use the position to enrich yourself and break the rules you set for others. The hypocrisy or greed isn't the worst part, it's the (prob unintentional) perpetuation of our broken meritocracy that stems from your pursuit of profit.  Our society pours attention and wealth on anyone who's attractive, rich, and somewhat charismatic in front of a camera. We do not reward the most productive or ingenious. That is leading to our society's stagnation. So thanks for that. That will be your lasting legacy, the cute dancing monkey who distracts us all as Rome burns.
Nope Dr. Mike I lost all credibility I had towards you
*losing my family to covid* People in the comments: CoVId iS  a HoAX  But yeah, you done mess up.
It's bothersome that you keep saying that your risk level was low so it's okay. It's not okay. You all could have very well been spreading the virus & to other people. It really doesn't matter if your own personal risk level is low when this is contagious...
Lost all credibility in this guy. The fact that he posts his apology on his  smaller channel and not his main. The fact that he only apologized because he got caught. Unsubcrived quack of a doctor.
I will never listen to what you say if you think you can just bury this on your clips channel.
"i'm sorry. now here is a list of excuses for my behavior."
Hipócritas. Ppl acting like they never went out during the pandemic 🙄
It feels like a script written by a lawyer to avoid consequences by going into tiny details. This is what you become. SMH.
dude, i trust that you knew everyone around u was safe and noone had covid prehand or was exposed to it as such everyone there was safe, just dont be like this stay home and chill, dont let the message be ruined
Hag post this on ur main channel not on this crappy one
you should not have any credibility any more lmao. you absolute joke
He wasn't going to apologise unless that picture was leaked
The authorities should take back this doctors liscence.
He voted for Joe Biden
Thankyou for continuing to help on the front line of this pandemic, and being big enough as a person to apologize. We sometimes forget the weird times we are in, even when working on the medical field serves as a constant reminder.
Another “youtuber apology”. This really shows you’re an influencer and not a good doctor.
Do you still delete comments on your main channel about this?? Smh
Dr. Mike logic: I calculated the RiSk of surrounding myself with hot 🥵 girls on YacHt ~ no mask for my IG moment? Das okay I live alone, I young, healthy ~  Everyone who has been impacted by this pandemic: WE DON’T GET A DAY OFF FROM THIS PANDEMIC. I —
Blah blah blah blablabla.... blaaah blaaah (I think Im important) blablablaaaa bla blah blah (stay home and stay safe) blabla eeeehhh (dont confront me, Im important) blabla blaah blah (when you look at me, look at yourself) blabkah blaaaa eh oh eh oh.... (Im important, soooo sorry, plz listen to "my apology") ..... blablablaaaa (doc out) NEEEEEXT.....
This is one of the most manipulative apology videos that has graced the platform of YouTube. This isn’t a mistake, it’s a choice!!!
I really liked your channel. But hell, you fucked up man.
I understand why you would do it, it just sucks when a person who is preaching social distancing for the entire pandemic do the opposite
Typical liberal hypocrite
*You exercise while wearing a mask?! You really a doctor?*
🎵Rihanna - Take a bow🎵 Oh.. how 'bout a round of applause? Yeah. Standin' ovation! Ooh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah You look so dumb right now Standin' outside my house Tryin' to apologize You're so ugly when you cry Please! Just cut it out Don't tell me you're sorry 'cause you're not Baby when I know you're only sorry you got caught But you put on quite a show Really had me goin' But now it's time to go Curtain's finally closin' That was quite a show Very entertaining But it's over now Go on and take a bow..
Self Isolate your self.  *And keep Bear away from you.*
Not even on his main account. Wow, I'm so disappointed.
...Apology Not Accepted.
Don't delete my comments and be a real man.
this made me so sad. i'm incredibly disappointed.
Face your mistakes and grow up.
Chile so anyways-  The internet is why we all have trust issues I'm telling ya every time I watch a YouTuber they turn out to be sh*tty.
I'm confused why this is on his baby channel instead of his main channel... He just wanted to apologize to a few people? Not all of them?
It did harm your medical message, but you are still human. We all make choices that in hindsight, weren't awesome. Just learn and move forward.
Stop sugar coating everything.
I'm not angry I'm just disappointed
Are you really sorry? I don't think so!!! Shame on you.
Admitting your mistake just proves how brave you are. Don't let these people get you down Dr. Mike. Don't ever get tired of reminding the public what to do during this pandemic and after the virus is long gone, hopefully soon. Thank you for your dedication in informing the public. More power! ^_^
yikessssssss
If everybody was as willing to recognize a mistake as much as you are the world would be a better place! Keep up the good work and let the haters hate, they will always find something to hate on. Sending you the best wishes all the way from Colombia 🇨🇴
Trying to escape blame by not putting it on his main channel.
Unsubbed
DANGEROUS !!!! ALL MODERN VACCINATIONS AGAINST COVIDES, ETC. POISON WITH NANO CHIPS 666 BEAST GENE. WHEN THE VACCINATION WILL BE LABELING THE BEAST 666. BIOMETRY. LASER. 666 ON LOB. COMPUTER BEAST IN BRUSELI. APOCALYPSE. When issuing biometric data on a passport ID CARD or a license, a person can secretly burn out a barcode number 666 with a laser on the forehead or right hand. this is done so that the video cameras immediately identify you as a QR code on a smartphone. after this, people start to get sick physically and demoniacs in church or endure PSYTEROR, that is, to listen to voices in their heads, etc. even if you DIDN'T GIVE A LABEL then your biodanes go to the computer under the name `` BEAST '' in Brussels, everyone who enters the computer is depersonalized the NAME from GOD and gets a personal 18-digit number NAME from SATAN, that is, entering the computer the beast you are recorded in the book of the dead registration in HELL !!!! IF YOU HAVE ACCEPTED BIOMETRY AND WANT TO REPORT THEN YOU MUST WRITE AN APPLICATION FOR REFUSAL FROM THE BIO PASSPORT BURN PASSPORT AND NEVER USE IT. PRIEST WHO HAVE BIOPASSPORT OR ACKNOWLEDGE - BLESS RECEPTION AND LEAD ALL TO HELL !!!!! HOW TO SEE? REAL CHRISTIANS KILL FROM THE CITIES AROUND ON THEIR LAND. SEE EXORCIST VASILY NOVIKOV. VERA NEWS CHANNEL 77. FILM SPRUT GALINA TSAREVA.
Why should we listen to you. We all trusted you to guide us in these difficult times. Trust is something you are going to need to be gain again from me. 😥
I have friends and i now everting that they plan. I even plan ahead with them. Your only sorry because you got caught. What a hypocrite. What a celebrity. Fame has consumed you.
There are those who are hypocrites and then there are those who are hypocrites and didn't admit it. Hope self quarantine and that you're safe Dr. Mike.
There's two mentalities here... Those who say "Rules for thee, not for me" which essentially insinuates that because these guys who advocate for the COVID Guidelines occasionally do not follow them, they should not apply anywhere or to anyone. Dog whistling conspiracy theorists and the belief that this virus is a hoax used by totalitarian leaders to attempt to oppress the American people. Which is bullshit. Then, there is the mentality that he fucked up, shouldn't have done it just as much as anyone shouldn't do it. His belief and his advocacy for these guidelines are irrelevant because science is science, fact is fact and truth is truth. Social distancing IS important, regardless who it is. Regardless if it is the governor of Florida with his constant public appearances without social distancing and without a mask, or Gavin Newsome who attended that dinner.   Among these two mentalities, one is based on objective truth, the other is just an excuse for your beliefs that are not based in reality.
You are notan indepenent thinker you are an orderfollower
Why didn’t you put it in your main channel tho?
I’m just commenting so this vid keeps trending
Just wanting to add a little light to the unfair, but unfortunately pervasive hate online here... You will get through this, and I accept your apology for its real and meaningful sake. Don't let the people who just want to stir up controversy stop you from helping and informing millions. I believe in you!!
😐
Mike, I can't finish my nursing degree because of covid-19. I cannot get out there and help people with their medical struggles because of people like you.   This wasn't a mistake, it was an active choice. I can't believe you're a practicing doctor. I feel bad for your patients
Did he unlist his main channels from this one?
Dude. I’ve been wearing a mask since this all began. I’ve transitioned most of my college classes to an online format. I don’t leave my house unless absolutely necessary. I’ve talked my family out of SEVERAL ill-advised trips, where we later found that people who were there had it. My mother is immunocompromised and I have asthma. I know people who have died from this. And you think, that after all your lecturing about the importance of mask wearing and social distancing, that you have any right to show your face again? After all that’s happened, all of the sickness, all of the deaths, you thought that this was a bright idea? When all around you, doctors are working 72 hour shifts trying to save people they know can’t be saved, having to decide who lives and who dies, you think you have the right to party with your friends? If you were a soldier, you’d be tried for desertion! You have no right to call yourself a doctor or to criticize anyone else, not after this. Delete your channels, go back to work, and focus on being a better human being instead of an influencer. As far as I’m concerned, on your hands is the blood of any who died during what should have been your shift instead of attending what may well become a super-spreader event. For shame.
Problem is that if a regular person dose this they won't get called out, but if a big time celebrity or youtuber does this they would get called out.
Back in February I got incredibly sick and doctors did nothing because they said it was influenza. You know what its like to be 24, filling out a 5 wishes packet, unable to walk because ur so weak and barly unable to breathe but they won't hospitalized you because its "just influenza B & you'll be fine?" I haven't left my home since. So glad u can just go out and be "the happiest you've been in a while" wish i could. Cant ever trust a doctor.
This video is a PSA: All the rich 'health experts' telling you to stay at home, and live a sad internet life, are actually out there living it up at private parties with their friends.
Please, ignore the thousands of trolls that are taking this as an opportunity. You are a worthwhile person, doctor, and influencer. I believe you will learn well from this mistake. The trolls will move on to the next thing soon, I promise!!
You are not sorry for not wearing a mask and not practicing what you preach. You are sorry that you got caught
C'mon put this on your main channel take the backlash you deserve
Scumbag Alert!!
A good apology does not include an explanation. Apologies are for behaviors that are beyond explanation. So don't say, "but I followed the rules" while you say sorry. It detracts from the apology. And yes, we have all had it hard, that is obvious. Some of us are able to be responsible humans none the less. It's disappointing you were not able to have sound judgement in this situation, about which you have spoken at length to your patrons. This was a lapse in judgement, you should not be surprised by this reaction. Nothing is being twisted, you have given  ammunition to the conspiracy theorists with your actions.
Were you crying? Or do you always look this douchey?
lol, nice fake apology
You got caught. I've never been this disappointed in my whole life. You were my idol  .😭😭😭😭😫😫
What's happened??
bruh...
oh for fucks sake.
This is the exact reason I don’t post stuff online. We’re human and we sometimes make choices that have negative repercussions. It is what it is. Unfortunately he didn’t follow his own advice and he has to live with that.   On my end, as a doctor, I will travel and follow proper protocol when traveling because I have the choice to do so. I’ll try to be as careful as possible but I really couldn’t care less about being scrutinized for traveling for my own personal experience.   Dr Mike. It’s cool but you should ensure to follow the advice you give others.  Imo, I don’t think a public apology was necessary.
POST THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL. What are you doing, Mike??? 🙄🤦🏾
I haven't seen my family in months because they're high risk and because of my job. And you make excuse after excuse to try to minimize the damage done. I'm disappointed 😞
How did he caught? This is news to me.
everyone really does just wanna crucify you because you had one  dumb party and I get it, it was wrong, but I still think doctor mike has had a huge overall positive infuence, and this one mistake doesnt just take that all away, he is making excuses in this video which is stupid he should just own that he shouldnt have done it, but at the end of the day this man has been fighting covid and doing the right thing for like almost a year now and he had an oppertunity and he didnt back out of it like he should have,  imo its not a career ender, its not like something you all should hate him forever over hes human just like the rest of us, and I fuckin hardly see anyone wear masks anywhere and im guessing he does the right thing over 90% of the time. hes spreading positive information, that doesnt mean hes always ganna follow it because hes human and trying to cancel him over it is stupid in my opinion, I hope he learns from this but like I personally think its not as big of a deal as we all make it out to be.
You got caught that’s why your apologising.  This shows just everyone  thinks about them self’s being selfish partying because it’s a birthday. We are the people staying at home and  can’t even see family or friends.
"He who is without sin, cast the first stone."
what happened ?
also your not young your fucking 31 old man
I'm sorry there's been so much hate around this situation. I'm proud of you for admitting where mistakes were made and committing to learning from them. Personally, I will always support and believe in you! One moment does not define a person, and you've proven your intelligence, thoughtfulness, and drive for good over and over. You rock Dr. Mike! :)
I just want to say I stopped watching the video when he said his friend surprised him with a private boat for a belated birthday gift like that's normal
certified bruh moment
💪🏾
I hope you learnt from this mistake.. please do better in the future..
Listen I have a message for all the "fans" and im not talking about this Doctor Mike youtuber, but to all people that idolize other people (that can be youtubers, streamers, influencers, actors, writers, artists, etc so on and so foward) they are humans, im not defending this situation he mess up he is an hypocrite, and is more impactful cuz he is not only a doctor but a youtuber he is a public figure now and if there is idiot people out there that thinks "nah that covid is bulldhit fam" well now they have this to back up their idiotic way of thinking.
Dr. Mike, I'm just glad you took a vacation man. I think it's good for a doctor to take a break from time to time and be more effective for their patients.  Don't even sweat being a bad example either dude. I got my own brain cells to rub together, just like everyone else here who's jealous that you had a nice vacation.
See be practical here Dr.mike is also a human sometimes mistake happens
“I was completely in the wrong” never came out of your mouth Dr.Mike /: so disappointing since I know I’m not the only one who trusted you whole heartedly when it came to COVID-19 info and precautions.
Too Err is human. Accepting where you messed up is a great thing, very few people on earth accept their mistakes. I always admire you and will does the same because millions of times you delivered brilliant facts of useful information and if you once contradicted with it.it's perfectly fine. So no need to be sad.👍keep smiling man, ❤️
We all weigh risk and benefit, some people scuba or skydive. I don't think I would have gone on the boat, but he can choose to do so. I think he is being deceptive with the way he presents some of this,  and lied to media, but I am going to give him a pass. People make mistakes.
I call bs 🤡🤡
What a phony bullshit apologize
So many law abiding people and you would not apologise had you Not been caught
Dr. Mike, I had looked to you for so many reasons, but especially with COVID. You provided education & eased anxieties. However, by you saying you’re healthy & you’ll be fine, you’re saying you don’t care about your older patients. You also posted this on your second channel with only 62,000 subscribers instead of your main channel with over 6 million subscribers. You posting on this channel is a calculated move because you’re hoping that enough people on your main channel don’t know about the situation, & if you post this on that channel, then they’re going to know. I’m honestly so disappointed in that & your actions. Now by a DOCTOR partying without a mask, the influencers in LA are definitely going to go back to having huge parties. So because you think you were safe, you set a precedent. You set an unfortunate example that these influencers are going to RUN with. Post an apology on your main channel.
Woah the comment section is fire huh... This is the doctor we all support since the beginning ok.. but y'all are saying it's not a proper apologize, he is saying this only coz he got caught and so on... We, people do mistakes ok.. and think like this you are quarantined for almost 6 months suddenly you're frnds throw a party.. as a typical human being we all would've wanted to forget this covid thing for a day and relax.. jst don't lie I won't maybe some think about others. But in related to mental health we all jst want this thing to be over.. yea he did a mistake we all do.. sometimes we forget our mask, sometimes we forget to follow the rules.. and sometimes we want to forget to it... And he did... It's ok well not ok.. but jst coz he's a doc doesn't mean we can't judge like you are the role model and you did this, you told us the rules and you aren't following.. like seriously he's also human... I'm definitely not trying to defend him... But pls don't judge a person coz of one mistake... We all humans.. brain doesn't work like you are a doc you shouldn't eat junk food, you should wear mask all day.. no it's not our nature.. so pls stop these hate comments... And for ppl who are saying this should be on his main channel... He started this channel for clips and some messages he wanted to share...his main channel is for contents...so pls stop Thank you
Why don’t you apologize on your main channel, where you have 6.8 MILLION subscribers (?)...
Sorry doesn't cut it Hack
When the bathing suits are small enough, no pandemic will stop someone like Mike. Shame on you.
Why is this not on your main channel? This makes it less believable, I can only say I’m disappointed
You are a master manipulator. Approaching this video, I've never seen you. First impression brings me to realize you are a cult leader in disguise. A man who is uplifted by the mass of his ego. A man who will passively defend himself during an apology claiming to be admitting the wrong doing. Boosting ones ego by "casually" mentioning a private boat gifted to him. Throwing on some glasses and a button down shirt for professionalism. You don't deserve the thing you most desire. Prestige. You don't deserve true prestige because you are guilty of manipulation. The act of manipulating someone in a skillful manner with full knowledge of ones own intent, is a characteristic of a sociopath. Which I believe you are. An egotistical sociopath. Be careful population.
you should have known
Why can’t people just accept an apology??
Nope. 👎
Your message is important and I will always stand behind that.  It's only sad that you didn't...
Why didn’t he do this on HIS MAIN channel tho? All his comments bout this on the other channel and they have no idea it’s on here... something’s sus.....
Imagine everyone following the "I'm young healthy and don't have someone to worry about" mindset.... Stop the excuses and just apologize. You did wrong and you know it. You say you're tired of social distancing, bit you work everyday unlike many of us who are at home 24.7. STOP THE EXCUSES. You've been socializing way more than most of us so stop being dramatic and making yourself a victim.
The people criticizing him have definitely done something wrong and they are just coming at him because he’s famous. He did a lot of things right and did better than what they would have done. One of the only things he did “wrong” was not shut down something to treat himself at a hard time. Dont shut down someone who has been trying hard to serve you during a crisis.
don't be shy  post this on your main channel
This apology should be posted on your main socials
Ugh. Like yeah, thanks for the apology, but he's a freaking doctor! He knows better! And he was still reckless with his behavior when he and other medical providers should be the ones being a stand up example to everyone else as to how to protect each other during this pandemic. My respect for him is gone. This isn't a teenager making a mistake. This is a full grown adult, well educated, who thought himself an exception to the rule. I am so disappointed in him....This sucks because I used to love to watch him. Can’t trust anyone anymore
I haven’t seen my mum in weeks but sure Mike you go off thirsting after bikini girls on a boat ✨
I didn't know this guy existed until a few minutes ago and reading comments it seems he's got a main account but chose to post this on a less viewed account. Ouuuu the shade of it all. Reddit Cringetopia brought me here so main account or not, the world knows about this cringy fake apology. 🤣
Dr. Mike I think you are realizing that personal freedom should be rule. You didn’t harm anyone. But please, stop telling people what to do.
"I'll continue to be TRANSPARENT"  Yeah as he looks down. Ok )3\/\/ lol, nice body language!
This is so cheesy. All that was missing were violins and tears :D You as a doctor should know that you can carry the virus without having any symptoms yourself, thus transmitting it without even knowing to others. How can anything on your channel be believable if you misjudge a simple thing as that. But then again, that's not what the channel is about, is it? Maybe you should focus more on being a responsible health professional instead of being a YouTube-celebrity. And consult Dr. Grande before you put up a weird apology video.
DR. HYPOCRITE
Now anything you say I'll have to do a double check or even triple because even you don't follow your own advice or maybe lies?
If you are normal person, no one cares. I hope your okey doctor mike, and the people around you. Just stay positive in life, and negative in corona virus. Godbless.
I don't mind if  this small hat waterboards himself with his Compliancy Muzzle.  I'll attack CDC and WHO and anyone  else promoting this Talmudic NWO Depopulation Agenda.
Did you at least get some action?
DR MIKE!!!  😐😐 This should have been on your main channel! ...... This is a sly move to try apologize on this channel. 😐😐😐
Anyone who doesn’t agree with a mainstream opinion is a conspiracy seeker? Man, you’ve got to be on wrong pils. Don’t limit your self on wonder drugs and a politician BS. You supposed to be a smart man so behave like one. Do your research and find out why it all started in China, why so many people have died there and how they actually changed the treatment to get so successful. Try to get as close to the truth as possible. And when you do you’ll find out how ridiculous your “statement” really is.
“Sincere apology” but not putting it on your main channel? 🤔
Pathetic and can't be trusted.
Did the mask work for you? Did you know your immune system supposed to fight off viruses itself and not suppressed it? Did you know that most test will say positive even if you have colds? Stop advertising fear. How about that.
Honestly, I’ve always had that “He’s gonna become another young influencer with a future scandal” feeling about him but I tried to suppress that feeling and just blame it on me being my judgmental self but... I was right. You’re supposed to be a DOCTOR! NOT A FUCKING SUPER-SPREADER!! You are very well aware of the fucking risks and you went out and partied anyway. You are exposed to Covid every day!!!!!! Anybody from that party can now spread the virus and inevitably kill someone. A grandmother, grandfather, aunt, uncle, mother, father, cousin, nephew, niece, sister, brother, friend, ANYBODY because of your intentional mistake. My sister has severe asthma and she can DIE because of this virus! She has a three-year-old at home who could also die! You are a disappointment. This video should have been posted on your main channel. You should be talking to all of your followers directly.
You’re just like all the dems, rules for thee but not for me.
Bruh. There’s TWELVE OTHER PEOPLE ON THE BOAT. I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I HATE you.
No one can be perfect and “on” all the time. Thank you for this, it shows how seriously you take the leadership role that has been given to you by all of us. Keep up the good work Dr Mike
why was this not posted on your main channel?
People just mad they didn't get invited tbh 🤣 like everyone here is always doing 100% what we're supposed to do 🤨
Shame shame shame shame shame
Ayeee from Miami fuckboy to holy mask hustler dweeb doc real quick.
how about you post this on your main channel, and make it a real apology not a "sorry i got caught". posting a "apology" video on a channel nobody knows about is honestly quite pathetic. contradiction, hypocritical and full of excuses. respect has been lost
Hypocrite
I forgive you!! You are learning from your mistakes and that's great!❤❤❤
Huh.. there’s a lot of excuses in this video, would’ve been better to say sorry and not give all the excuses..
“Boat 36 or greater. Eight adults maximum.... Maximum or 10 on the boat.” But theres 16 people in the photo and also whoever took the photo 🤔. I guess those 17 people were 50% of the rated capacity 🤷🏽‍♀️
For those of you guys who are slamming him with these comments, he admitted he screwed up. Is he a doctor yes. nad doctors make mistkas to. But But if you did what he did. What would you do. Before anyone else makes another bad comment, would you have gone to the boat party, or would you have stayed and followed regulations. Before you type in another comment. Think About that question.
Breaking a window with a toy when you are 5 is a mistake, this was a conscious decision.
To be fair, he was in a city in a state where there is no enforcement of masks and social distancing. I don't blame him.
You have been wrong before to i'm just glad lots of you videos have been taken down if it was by you or youtube i don't care. Your video on vaping is gone that makes me happy :) Because you was wrong then and then you may have cost lives. And you should not be a doctor or giving advice to anybody. So i just hope you leave youtube you can not afford to be wrong if your giving health advice out it costs lives
You lost a follower
Got your psychological needs full filled now to press on? Your correct that's not very forthright albeit lawful.
DUDE YOU COULDNT EVEN POST THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL? What a joke
im really disappointed :( also, you said we support you on this channel but this isn't your main channel smh
Bruv so disappointed in you.
Of course you had to put this apology on your smaller channel🙄
First of all Dr.Mike you are genius ,succesfull ,good person Dont feel bad for yourself We are all human being People make mistakes or stuff like that İ get it the situtuon But like İ said we are people and We love you We support you xoxo
Do no harm, doc.
I'm so disappointed in you Mike. I love watching your content but now seeing you go out with your friends while during a pandemic make me so mad. As a child of a nurse, we have had to sacrifice spending time with friends and family so we do not expose each other to the virus and so my mom does not expose her staff or her patients to this virus. You are a hypocrite and I'm so disappointed that you couldn't even post this apology on to your main channel with you 6 million followers. Wow!!!!!! Like really?? So disappointed.
this isn’t a mistake it’s a choice chile 🙄
Not to kick a man when he’s down, I just don’t get what wet masks and boat capacity have to do with anything? Not wearing masks when you could get wet means AVOID these situations, it’s not a free ticket to not wear a mask (Hey guys! Let’s all have a water fight in my living room, we don’t need masks cause they could get wet!) And about the maximum capacity, guess that matters if some said. too many people were on the boat so it could sink, but in regards to covid? You shouldn’t have so many people on a boat, on dry land, in your car, on your own private jet (If one of u has one). And since Mike quotes science, most scientists I have heard from warn about unknown long term effects, so maybe don’t risk getting it just because you are young?
Everyone out thinking that people don’t have a right to live their life
Im here for you as follower, and your apologize your sorry acceptance.God bless and keep safe ❤️❤️❤️❤️💞💞💞
Hypocrite.
Why isn't this on the main channel? Is it coz you aren't truly sorry or are you afraid of losing subs on a 6 mil account? Or is it that this channel is disposable?
Your "apology" didn't actually say that what you did was wrong, it only said that you were sorry about the influence it had on others. The hypocrisy is unbelievable.
I'm actually really disappointed.
Imagine being too scared to put this on ur main channel, just imagine.
“I feel like I’m being used by conspiracy theorists” well you did this to yourself so bear the consequences
uh oh oopsie dopsie
From what I'm hearing, he doesn't think what he actually did was wrong. Hes just sorry he got caught and his credibility took a nose dive so now people question the validity of his covid opinions.
Dude... You deserve to live your life like everyone else. All the people flooding the comments being nasty are 100% out living their life.  Just because you are a doctor, just because you are on YouTube does not mean that you can't have a life or make decisions for yourself.   Watching this video made me angry.  You did something for yourself and you are getting slapped in the face for it. That's ridiculous.
Okay, we're cool.
Bye.
"I take it very, very seriously" (Shakes head no).  "When I see bad actors, conspiracy theorists, try to use my situation to attack the legitimacy of covid 19, to downplay its risks, to say masks don't work - that kills me" (smiles).   "I'm gonna strive to do better" (tightens lips).  The list of micro-expressions goes on and on, but Body Language 101 says Dr. Mike is full of it - this is simple damage control. But, hey, trust him... He's a doctor!
I’m just watching this video because I like drama.
I still support you. Your knowledge and messages are still good. I love the content. It's too easy to "cancel" someone because they're on YouTube. You essentially can't win even if you feel remorseful. People sit here and rate the apology like "Not enough tears" "too many excuses"  So you messed up. I think your apology is appropriate and everyone's disgust is an overreaction. Keep doing you. 🤷🏼‍♀️
I've been the safest person I know since the beginning of this pandemic and recently I got lax for a day. Thankfully, all is well. But it happens and we all make mistakes and your subscribers appreciate you.
Dude with what you're saying, if you're young and healthy you can go out maskless and dont need a vaccine
You are saying it out load
We are social creatures..and you know that wearing masks don't work.. that's why you chose not to wear one..no need for an apology.. it just makes you look fake.. there's nothing wrong with enjoying life with friends..it's never been a problem before..the sweet and sour sniffles aren't going to stop us from living life!
I am glad that you are owning up to your mistake, but I am also a little disappointed. I trusted you for medical/health advice, and now I’m unsure.
Looool you're no different from tana.
Is this a joke?
Its good sometimes we mess up but we still have a chance and not for all people to hate it like ohh he's not wearing a mask but still its bad but at least knowing that it is a doctor I'm OK with it
wow he doesn't even sound any different to usual. never noticed how ingenuine he can sound
Wow super disappointed. This should be posted on the main page because it's not a clip. Your apologising yet at the same time hiding away from your mistake by posting on a channel not known to many. Post on the main page. If your going to own up own up to all your followers. Definitely disappointed. Its a small risk for you but what about the others you were around. Its people who see this who will continue to ignore the rules. I live in the UK I haven't seen my nephew in over a year. I wanted to see them for Christmas but this year I can't because of COVID. I can't travel there.  You knew the standard you set your a medical professional and know better than others the consequences of COVID Very disappointed
Sounds like waffle mate, but good luck with your ultimate protection mask
I hate the people that are saying why did you put the video on another channel or your sorry cause your caught I also wasn't happy with hypocrite but everybody in the comment are just trying to cause more drama he apologized and thats it and yes the reasons he's apologizing is because he got caught or else he wouldn't be making a video about it use your brains please
CONGRATS! You just lost ALL credibility.
Yikes.
Hypocrite 👎
This is the most generic non-apology for getting caught, not even doing the wrong thing just caught. That he then buried on a side channel with 1/10 of the viewership. No direct address of any actual criticism, just vague “do better” “transparency” claims you’d expect out of a 3rd rate pr firm. I want a 20 minute video explaining what you did and bullet point by bullet point explanation of the science behind why it was wrong and how it put people at risk. For someone with the qualification you have You’ve done what’s basically the equivalent of shrugging your shoulders and saying sorry.
*He's so Sorry he put this on his 2nd channel with 62k subs rather than the main 6 MILLION subs channel... I CALL BS!*
Your integrity is out the window Dr Mike.  I expected much MUCH better from you.
Disappointed, but not surprised.
Use your own mind. Don't be such an idiot.maks are proven do not work!!
I’m super disappointed in all of this. I watch your videos daily and share your videos to my followers and Facebook friends to spread the message of not being selfish during this pandemic. I still absolutely believe that you feel bad and won’t do this again but know that your dire hard fans like myself will have an issue trusting your actions from now on. I hope this feeling I have is temporary. I believe you’re sorry, it’ll just take time to move on and trust again.
I think what he did here was wrong and that he should take full responsibility (and put this on the main channel.) However I feel like some of the things people are saying just don’t feel right. And of course no offense to the people who think these things, I’m just kind of thinking out loud here (well I’m typing.)   One is that people are saying that he probably had sex with all the girls. I don’t know for sure, he could very well have, but I think that’s a bold thing to assume. And two is people are saying that he probably thinks he isn’t wrong. I could just be too forgiving here but I’m sure he isn’t thinking “Oh haha, I did everything right.” Again, he could have. I’m just the type of person that doesn’t like to assume what others are thinking. Three is people are getting mad that he only pinned his friend’s comment. Why would you heart other comments saying you are a horrible person? Maybe he shouldn’t have hearted anything but I don’t think any YouTuber (apology video or not) would like something that’s against them.  Overall, he messed up big time. The hypocrisy is real. I just hope he doesn’t get canceled (I don’t really know what happens if you do) and I hope he does learn something from all this.
Trash
So fucking phony 🤣 Hopefully you didn't catch anything else from the IG sloots
My respects to you. Learn from it and move forward thats the only way to go!!
You look like Peter griffin
he admitted tho
Scrolling through the comments...such negativity for something most people cant do. Admitting to when they are wrong. Instead of the world coming together in the worst time in human history, everybody just being selfish and not using empathy towards their neighbor. The human species heading to extinction due to idiocy...
You should be allowed to have some downtime with friends. You’re in a tough spot by being in such a public light.
I'm confused as to how you don't already know your influence and the impact of the things you do? It's enough that you know to post this on your channel that noone knows about instead of the main channel and not actually saying what you did. Not to mention you've seen all the other influencers that have thrown parties and how well that has gone down. This is so disappointing, people have lost family and not been able to go to their loved ones funerals and weddings, I personally have lost three pets during lockdown and only one I was allowed to be with in the end in a very strange scenario outside, not to mention all the countless birthdays that people have not properly celebrated. We've all made such huge sacrifice, a boat party for no real reason ain't it.
Everyone is upset that he is a fanous doctor okay i get it. He is also human and made a mistake i forgive him he learned his lesson now lets move on. I still support him because im also human.
Easier to ask for forgiveness... than for permission.
Youre a coward for not posting this on your main channel.
Disappointed :/
He messed up but this is a good apology
Your channel is categorized as "educational". You just ruined your credibility. 🤦
Why didn't you publish this on your popular channel? Your are also putting your patients at risk but you didn't mention that .
Stay safe, preach scientific truths and let people have as much autonomy as is safely possible. This DOCTOR did nothing wrong ☺️
To err is human
Seriously, screw you! The medical community has been busting our asses and working extra to get thus pandemic under control, but you want to go out and wet your whistle with others? You go against your own advice and risked others as a result. That is negligence and irresponsible. You should be ashamed of yourself!
Hey give the man a break he said sorry and actually apologizes compared to other people who mess up and don’t really say sorry so give him some slack
If this were a serious illness you wouldn’t have boarded that plane period .
While I can understand people make mistakes, I find the entire apology to be lacking because his justifications for celebrating his birthday were not based in logic. A lot of you guys have already covered many of the points to be made here, but I just can't help but become more frustrated with his behavior as time goes on. I mean, what the f was he thinking?? 1. He went to FL, a state that has been dealing with huge Covid-19 issues from the beginning due to inconsistent leadership and guidelines.  2. You are the company you keep, and having friends who would even think partying on a boat during a pandemic speaks volumes. 3. It doesn't matter if you're young and healthy. Young people with no underlying illnesses have died of Covid-19 too; it does not discriminate. 4. While he may choose to be tested and quarantine now that he's back in NY, that does not mean his "friends" will. We already see a lapse in judgement from the parties involved by the choosing to celebrate in such a wreckless way. He can't assure they will be taking precautions when they return to wherever they came from. 5. You have a huge following, and have had important public figures on your channel. This apology should be on your main channel without comment filtering as taking full responsibility means bearing the brunt of your actions without making excuses or downplaying your actions.  6. Honestly, dude. It was your 31st birthday. Not a "milestone" like your 21st, 30th, or 40th. Even then this wouldn't be okay, but still...your 31st birthday required this much fanfare? I'm sorry for being petty here but c'mon! You're old enough to know better. 7. It's not hard to prevent making mistakes like this, especially if you actually practice what you preach. Your inability to assure you won't make a mistake like this is the furture is a bit disconcerting
Guess y’all are gonna have to find some other celebrity doctor to mass thirst after 😌 omg so disappointing
All Leftists are hypocrites!
I've been also wondering why you invite guess for your videos, while we are told to stay with the people of our household. Either Covid is a joke or you are
You didn’t do all that research you packed your bags and boarded that plane !  Give me a break ! The WHO and the CDC are comprised agencies no one trusts them and now this adds to it.
This is giving me very much " scripted "apology" "
This situation is a big ouch. 😬  I don't envy content creators 🤦 Still respect him as a medical professional 🚑
Obviously you know that the risks are low, thanks for coming to Miami ! This is why Miami’s numbers are high!
Just me commenting so that this video gets pushed in the algorithm and more people see this Because YOU CANT EVEN ADMIT IT TO EVERYONE. disappointing. Your morals and obligation did not just suddenly go you made a conscious decision which endangered so many.
Whats even funnier is that he actually didnt admit his mistake in this video.
For anyone struggling right now just know that you are not alone, and that you will get through this! 💛✨
Dr Mike I appreciate your apology and your willingness to admit that you were wrong but unfortunately I don’t get the sense from this video that you actually believe that what you did was wrong—aside from the impact element. You explained how you made this calculated decision that doing this was safe. And then you later say that this was wrong because of the /impact/ and not because of the actions themselves. It sounds like you’re saying that doing this would be ok if you weren’t someone with a platform. Which maybe this is exactly what you believe. But I think this is where the feelings of hypocrisy come from.  I really love your channel and I know you’re a good person. I’d just appreciate it if you addressed this.
Ok good enough for me. Everyone makes mistakes. He owned up to it and say he'll do better next time. We've all been there at one point and mine was much worse in some cases but I learn from my mistakes and do better next time.
Why does it seem every influencer  doesn't know how to simply apologize? Like... Didn't their parents teach them apologies don't include excuses or insulting the person they've offended? Or saying who  they are and are not apologizing   to? The narcissism! Is it really that hard to say sorry? Jenna Marbles seems to be the only one who can get it right. Or are we being too critical?
this is sad,  people are angry,  they said that u broke ur own rules that's sad. U didn't made mistake u made choice which was mistake and u have consequent, people say now no-one will take u seriously that's their choice and that's sad, u didnot posted this video on main channel cuz u where scared of  consequent  least that's how i think , people are angry and its understandable but on ur videos (no on this one) there are helpful  stuff(tips) that i think actually can save life that's why i am giving 2nd chance  but regaining peoples trust will be one of the hardest things u done .
Y'all know what he'll did if he didn't get caught? He'll continue to party. Boo tbh. You're a DOCTOR. How come you said you made a mistake?!!!!!! You knew the risks from the very very beginning. And posting this on a smaller account of yours? Pft.
Yeah, nah. You have contradicted yourself utterly and still haven't fully owned it, you continued to try and lie. There are more people on the boat than should have been, not socially distancing and not wearing mask. Simple. Why try and justify it?
"IM GeTtIng So TiREd oF PeOPle SaYing stay aT HoMe and NoT DoiNg it ThEmSelvez"  Shut up. I know for a fact that everyone in this comments section has been to some gathering atleast ONCE. This whole year. Whether it was someones birthday or something else.   He made a mistake and apologized. Im surprised he hasnt been going out anymore. And what he was saying wasnt excuses. He was letting you guys know that he lives alone, is young and healthy. Basically saying theres no one he can harm at home and he wont be harmed by the virus. He's a doctor if hes not feeling well he would know to self quarantine either way.   On the part where he wasnt wearing masks. Theres really no point having it on a small yacht with friends or family you know. If they had the virus youd get it one way or another mask or no mask.   And for the love of god stop comparing him to a politician. Trump has done far worse with his events.
You did something that for everyone else would considered normal but because of your status, people see it as a way to bring you down and subdue the pandemic. This is horrible, the top comment is "you only did this because you got caught" is so petty, he only did this whole video to mitigate the damage done by him having fun despite following procedure so that his past messages are not ignored, ensuring people are safe during covid and also receive free medical advice from a very talented doctor. Dr Mike i respect what you've done for the community because I believe education is the only way for our society to get out of the slump we are in and anyone that uses ones lapse in judgement in criticism of a person's documented record is just pathetic and is looking for a reason to complain
"tO sAy MaSkS dOnT WorK iT KilLS Me" well baby you knew what you were doing. YOU PARTYING.
There are fathers not able to attend their pregnant wife’s doctor appointments and you think it’s right and fair to party on a yacht with Instagram models for your birthday ? A dinner with family & friends on Zoom couldn’t have sufficed ?
You all have to chill out in my opinion. Not because "Covid isn't a big deal", but because of the way you people are reacting. There could have been a reason as to why he did this, or maybe something else, I don't know. I'm not putting in a full defence here, because what was done is wrong, but at least show some respect to this man for actually admitting the mistake and promising to actually do better.
We are all humans, we all make mistakes. Nothing can be done to fix this mistake and its consequences but it is crucial to learn from it so that it doesn't happen again
When you want more fame and adoration you post a video about saving the life of someone on a plane on your main channel.  When you screw up big time in the middle of a pandemic you post it here??   The whole thing is really disappointing.  Your credibility has taken a hit.
How come you're doctor but still.... partying
My respect for Doctor Mike 📉📉📉
When you post a video you know will get a ton of views on your second channel because you’re not really sorry, but you know it will bring a lot of clicks and comments. I shouldn’t even be commenting we are giving this actor what he wants. Also can anyone imagine not feeling well (for whatever reason) and going to your doctor but your doctor actually just partied with a group of people on a yacht and didn’t wear masks or social distance? What a disappointment. He looked like such a frat boy in those pictures too. I would be uncomfortable with him as my doctor. I unfollowed him on his main channel I suggest others do the same if you don’t agree with him.
Any of you who have never made a mistake....well....everyone makes mistakes.  You just don’t have a camera following you when you do so!  Society is so judgmental.
I’m not defending him, but last time I checked, no-ones perfect, so don’t kick him whilst he’s down
I’m a first-year med student and you were my hero. This isn’t a small mistake.
its on ur second acounnt... why not main???
Why wasn’t this on your main channel?
Also, post it on your main channel, you coward.
are you freaking kidding me!?!? you can't even enjoy some time with friends anymore, without all of society looking down at you... this is ridiculous.
Ok I believe you.      Nah. You apologized because you got caught. That's all there is.
And this, ladies and gentlemen, is what happens when you don't give your child a proper education.
This is just damage control. You don't forget to wear a mask at this point. You're a doctor. You flaunt fear on YouTube but don't follow what you preach. This is the problem with this bs. You're on a packed boat. Does this virus know you're on the water? This virus is crazy smart. If you weren't caught you would have no regrets.
Maybe Mike did it bc he knows covid is not than dangerous. The pandemic is over, its endemic. Eliminating a virus is like eliminating gravity. Its MORONIC. We need to LIVE! not just survive alone by ourselves unemployed.
Uploading an apology video to your side channel is hilarious 😂
Yo Mike, heard your dad practiced in Brooklyn. Why is he in sunny Florida? Retirement home? The Varshavskis own a house there? What makes you visit him in the first place there, any emergency?
"I wENt DoWn To MiAmI" so he flew to Miami to have a birthday  party. Got it
Choices have consequences.
Please consider all the good things this man has done for so many people before judging him for making this one mistake.
I can't believe  you just spread misinformation  that your party was withing the guidelines  then the next sentence said you're posting this to stop the spread of misinformation.  Like...make it make sense
This I can respect thanks for understanding that to this level.
Don’t you think that the people who go out and live their life in moments like yours might be taking similar precautions and assessing their personal risk. Don’t cancel people in general. I’m traveling often. I get tested before and after every time. I can’t be culpable for others being idiots but I know I am not spreading. I went to a large wedding. I stayed with my parents I have been in 8 states. I am young and healthy. I can’t be culpable for others going out. They are making their own decisions. I can’t say that they are being more or less careful than myself. Because I don’t know them. People who are out and about living their lives have chosen to do it. This video reinforces the idea that you can’t go out and enjoy time with your friends responsibly
Wow. Stop lying. That party wasn't withing the guidelines. You f-ed up.  Ppl would forgive you but its insulting and even worse for your reputation  that  you got on here and spread  misinformation  that your party was within the guidelines . Seems you  dont care about health afterall!
Post this video on your main channel. You coward. Shame on you. In the middle of a world wide pandemic, you choose too deviate from the teachings of science, health, data and facts. You broke the W.H.O. guidelines. SHAME ON YOU.
You and Gavin newson are a couple of 🤡🤡
You are just like all the other liberal hacks . sorry because you got caught. Everyone needs to unsubscribe and teach these hypocrites a lesson
Most people are attacking him. He made a mistake. One that could have been costly, but a mistake nevertheless. He's human, not superman. He's not perfect.
I’m annoyed at the fact that he thinks just because he’s young and healthy, his risk of getting COVID is low. I have a family friend who is young , has no underlying conditions and he’s still on oxygen from getting Covid-19 a couple months ago.. I’ve been watching his channel as a way to learn more about how to protect myself and others from this virus. So disappointed right now.
Clown...
With all love and grace, you didn’t mess up and you don’t have to say sorry for anything!
Imagine being this narcissistic.
TL;DR:“I’m sorry but I’m young and healthy and I didn’t do anything wrong and I only spoke out because cOnsPIrAcY tHEoriSts started coming for me guys.”
you're so sorry that you put this on your second channel so your subs dont know about it
You can't fake and lie to your audience anymore. Never thought you be this horriblely dumb and a hypocrite. Shame on you.
Its almost as if he felt he had a decent enough understanding and had systems in place to minimize spread outside of himself that he felt it was okay. Risk management is alright we do it everyday. Let me ask this but I haven’t seen it is there anywhere he said you have to wear mask all the time and not go to gatherings or does he say follow the guidelines which he seemingly did? Honest question.
Conspiracy theorists aren't misusing your situation to fit their agenda, your behavior is literally giving them ammunition and 'proof' that their theory is correct. They aren't misinterpreting information, they're seeing the fact that you're not following your own advice and putting 1 and 1 together. Don't shift the blame.
99.97% survival rate oh my 😱
I'm not mad I'm disappointed, it's a blessing to actually have lockdown to have a choice to go out or not, i was thinking about that while going to college today ,i wear a mask always because of doctor mike videos but today i felt like not wearing one since I'm having a hard time trusting anything he said.....
You didnt make a mistake. You peddled propaganda to the masses but dont care because youre a wealthy Upper East Sider who went down to Daddy's apartment to party on your friends yacht
Clear example of a Jeckyl and Hyde scenario.. Dr Mike has a lustful and impulsive part of himself, outside of his professionalism. This event clear demonstrates his audacity to contradict what he preaches.   I don’t care if he addressed it in this video, because ik for a fact he didn’t think about all the safety procedures before going on that packed boat 👀 Only after the backlash he would’ve acknowledged his mistake...
This all comes back to the  "let them eat cake" mentality of all people with money, and all politicians. And we know how that ends...
very sad... someone i really connected with...lost all respect will no longer follow....you are too be held to a higher standard especially when giving out medical advice as a physician.....even posting this too your second channel and not your main one is disturbing.....you have now given ammunition to the people who think this is a conspiracy and its all fake....the damage you have caused to the fight against covid 19 is immense.....shame on you doctor mike
Nice reading of cue cards. 10/10 would give 1st dose of vaccines from China for testing.
Sorry but this is bull especially when you start the video by not even straight up just saying you fu*ked up.
How is this an apology? You're only saying sorry to specific people when we ALL are dealing with COVID.
Lol like how you posted this on the channel with 62k subs instead of your main channel with over 6 mil. Big brain plays😂😂
If you actually see this video this is a message coming from the insight of a patient and are my experiences and point of view and the medical community as a whole while being honest and blunt in hopes of actually being heard.   This video is the exact reason why people do not trust and most of them will not trust the medical community because of this stuff... and no what I’m talking about has nothing to do with “Q anon” or “conspiracies”. The extreme gaslighting is disgusting. I hope you meant what you said about you know listening to the patients for once and actually hear what’s being said but I’m willing to bet that’s not the case and will be cherry picked or whatever and then the message will change again. It’s like having the flu for a couple days and no I’m not comparing COVID to the flu I’m just using the actual flu as an example to describe what is happening from a patient point of view and then all of the feeling horrible which leads people to “short term empathizing” because they ended up getting really sick to where they feel they can actually relate understand and empathize with that person until they get healthy in a couple of days and forget about how it felt and feel better so it ends up being this short term empathy that’s also been really Hurtful and harmful.There isn’t any honor in this video there isn’t any dignity in this video there isn’t any bravery in this video there isn’t any true genuine courage in the video there isn’t any unity there isn’t anyone to blame until it happens to yourself then it’s a different story. This is how patients/people honestly feel if you want the truth about doctors and are immediately shut down not having any clue why it is their being punished or no real help at all so if anyone evens tries to speak up they get shut down for just wanting to be healthy like the people that take care of us when we are sick why don’t we deserve that as well.. it gets to a point where “doing no harm” actually is more likely a result of not actually be medically treated the way they should be literally that’s it it’s that simple. Again this is exactly why people view the medical communities to be constantly on their high horse and whatever the rest of us are going through just you know push forward even if their really sick and than only come out again if something happens again or even get that short term empathy and compassion back for a few days. What’s happened is that you end up just getting a free pass for this while the patients that have already lost are about to lose more than they have already lost and will continue to lose over and over and over not feeling taken care which has lead to the reaction you have been seeing from people all over the United States and is like ohhh so now you care and burned the bridge mixed with no  trust faith or a sense of security while having a disease that I knew I couldn’t handle and need help because it was and has been out of control and out of my control with no real help solution or hope for a better quality of life anywhere in the future. I can’t control what my diseases do but when they only people who are suppose to help don’t won’t or can’t it makes cloning day to day miserable hopeless and alone which cause more problems on top of the other problems I already had. If you see this hope it give you insight and know this is a patient perspective experience emotion and facts and that it’s coming from the patient. People can say whatever they want but unless they get super sick and end up having to have it affect their entire life and I mean entireeee not just bits and pieces entireeeee life they won’t get it they can try to understand but they just won’t actually get it and know at the end of the day what it’s really like and at the end of the day I fairly confident in my answer so I could be wrong but I don’t think I am but that sick people just wanna be like you have do the things you do that you don’t even realize you are taking for granted until it happens to you.. being healthy is a privilege I truly believe that so when the healthy stop actually helping the patients again this won’t end and will get much worse with an ever bigger backlash... I just wanna be healthy to no one asks to be sick or suffer with their diseases that are alienating enough as it is. Feeling alone leads to not trust not just with you but with a clinic and then an urgent care and the a hospital and then the entire medical community as a whole that’s how it got here and won’t change for the good until doctors actually soak up their patients physical and emotional needs so that they feel like they can trust a doctor again and then that leads to trusting a clinic again into trusting and urgent care again into trusting a hospital again and last but not least trusting in the medical community again leaving the patient and the doctors satisfied with care and on the same page finally and for once.
Mike we love you we all make mistakes sometimes ones that cost lives please we love for who you are not what you do matter what you could be homeless and aslong as you have a good heart we would still live you
Why isn't this on your main channel? Plus this is a lot of hypocrisy to the messages and people that heard you daily, specially the young people. Very very sad.
Tbh. You're not the only person who is still going out and hanging with people you feel comfortable around and  who you feel are safe in these times. People make mistakes. Doctors too. Don't let these people in the comments bring you down because I can guarantee alot of them aren't following the guidelines either.
Those videos and pictures tell a totally different story....
How dare you try to justify yourself in the beginning of this video. No excuses. PUT ON your mask. Wear it. Now. Forever
Imagine if his next scandal is him comming out as anti vax. Then he'd be a walking onion article.
I'm subscribed to your channel and i hear about this apology from Dr. Grande.. Something's not right here.
You're not wrong. You're a hypocrite.
Majority people who disliked the video are also probably not wearing masks and attending parties, smh......
Biggest bruh moment : he thought he was slick posting this on his second channel to hide it from his 6 mill subscribers but also have that " oh i made an apology " but youtube put this video in the trending page ... oof
You don't deserve to be trusted again for q while. See ya an a year. Go get your little boat, rich boy.
Scamdemic
U got caught.     !!!!!  Lying fascist
Is this satire? I feel like I can’t take this guy seriously lol
Mask up, obey do not question the holy magical mask. The cdc research and guidelines make us safe.... also locked up, isolated, fired, in debt, broke, hungry, depressed and still 99% it won’t even kill me. Yes Listen to the un-elected scientist for how you will now live your life or lack there of what’s left of your life. Please sempai scientist tell me my overlord how I should enslave myself to your holy guidelines.
"Doctor" Mike: Rules for thee, but not for me.
🔴عقد العدل الإجتماعي في الإسلام وعقد الظلم وقطاعة الطريق في القانون الوثني🔴  قريباً إن شاء الله......
Your credibility is shot, my friend..I'ma pray for you.
Man there’s some idiots out here who actually liked this video
What the hell lol
I just want to say that Mike, i am disappointed in you. But you made a mistake, like every human being. There are millions of people in the world that dont wear a mask, you were not alone. For example in my region a doctor caused us a second wave, it was not pretty. The doctor apologized and loss his job. What im trying to say is that yes he made a mistake, a big one, but we didn’t hold that against him. He is human being just like that rest of the planet, we all make mistakes at one point in our life, thats life, we are not perfect. I dont care what happens to you, I will always be there to watch your videos because we all make mistakes, especially me. I will not hold that against you.  Ohana means family. Family means nobody gets left behind, or forgotten.
He's only sorry because he got caught. Liar proves masks are basically useless.
Why is this not on your main channel?
This is more than a slip up. You still don’t get it.  People have made huge sacrifices. And you could not sacrifice flying out of state for a belated 31 birthday party with a group of hot, half-naked women who cannot possibly all be close friends that you’ve been missing dearly. You are an adult medical professional who presents himself as a spokesperson for social distancing and has gotten rich off of YouTube. Then you apologize, because your choices “had an impact” (= apologizing for getting caught). And you rationalize your decisions (I’m young, I’m healthy). And you mislead us in this video about who was on that boat (I thought it was like 8 good friends of yours). And you put this ill conceived apology video on your second channel where much fewer people will see it.
We should cancel him.
Why are only rich people doing stuff like these and the rest of us are very obedient ?
I’m not proud right now 🙁☹️... why this isn’t on the main channel?
It is such a difficult situation to be an influencer because people will always judge you as if you were meant to be perfect. Here in Mexico it has happened a lot because it would seem that the public and government figures that have taken the lead in spreading awareness about the pandemic should be locked up 24/7 even if they take sensible measures when they go out... My point is. It happens, it isn't the end of the world and Dr. Mike you are a good enough person to survive this cancel culture that has so many people shooting for your head when they have likely made similar mistakes throughout the pandemic out of tedium or just because they forgot. Strength my friend.
Should be posting this on your main channel.
I forgive you doctor mike most people at my school that are strong masks supporters dont even wear their mask when the teachers are not looking and my classrooms are pretty packed with people my family memebers are also strong mask supporters but I've seen them not wear masks when there in a crowded area but anyway you have my forgivness and plus these people hating on you right now have definitely did not wear a mask in a crowded area there going to deny it but it's true
Screw you dr mike. You’re a pretender and you know it.
You should know better! Hypocrites lol
🤦🏽‍♂️
keep the dislikes a commin.....just like dr mike was on that boat with IG models hahaha
not me finding out about this after binging his older videos because i didn't even know he had a second channel... i'm genuinely disappointed
I’m certain all the hundreds of you commenting have not stayed completely in isolation for practically the past year. Y’all are a hypocritical mess.
Im pretty sure that there are plenty of people like dr mike who might've let their guard down who aren't doctors as well. Don't act like you're all perfect. We all are humans that commit mistakes sometimes. Sometimes it's social pressure which makes it difficult to make the right choice. I won't lie, sometimes my family has been guilty about this as well.
luls, "I'm sooooooooooorryyyy"
no shi* Sherlock did you have to go back to medical school to figure out what you did was wrong?
Why not post this on your main channel? As for how it "kills you" that bad actors are using your behaviour to deny science, hey... you gave them the tools, they're just clubbing other medical and public health professionals over the head with them. And you know what ELSE is killing people (including young people)?  COVID-19.
Did he canceled?
I’m sorry but no...why isn’t this on your main channel that more people will see...
You knew what you were doing. You knew you'd get backlash. You knew you could bat those pretty little eyelashes with an "I'm sowwy :(" and go to another party next weekend. This isn't a mistake. You KNEW you as a "cElEbRiTy" could get away with the different rules yall get to follow as compared to us, the people who are ACTUALLY affected by the virus. You knew the whole time.
Whatever, you got caught and now you are sorry.
Oh leave him alone guys, everyone makes mistakes! Y’all always ready with your pitchforks 🙄
why are people annoyed, he followed guidelines and got tested and is negative, he follows procedures to not pass the virus to patients. you all make it out like you never even see more than one person at a time... of course he did  wrong and he apologised and got tested. so move on
This should at least be on your main channel..
what a sad man
Btw, put this on your main channel!!!
Many people got exposed in 2020 looks like Dr mike has to be one of those few remaining ones.
I feel so bad for you Mike ,people are judging when you’re a person too,while what you did is inexcusable, I’m sure a lot more people did the same thing because we all are humans we have flaws and it’s so bad of people to hate you because you had a fun time with some friends. One. Time.
'No u cant throw a mini party, even if u stsy 6 feet apart, it's a hard no on that.... but I'm allowed to travel and party on a boat with 15 ppl no masks or distancing' the hypocrisy is honestly disgusting. U should be ashamed but all ur doing is making excuses. Yuck
This dude is so fake
Guys everyone is human. The things he does will ultimately be reviewed by millions of people that watch him and see him as a role model but that doesn't mean he should have to experience millions of comments about him just trying to enjoy and live his life. Mike had researched about what was allowed and the risks that would be a possible consequence after such an event. I personally think that his actions arent as terrible as everyone is saying it is. I know I've seen lots of YouTubers that have ignored lots of rules about the pandemic, havnt researched and don't take any precautions. We're all human. I know I havnt always kept up with all the strict rules in my area. I think him doing this one event was a small sacrifice for improving his mental health when he's on the front lines of researching this depressing topic for us so we don't necessarily have to. Everyone needs a little bit of fun release during this hard time. If we decide to deny this to everyone that may need it then there's going to be even more suicides than what there already has been.
Great Video Doctor.... You made a mistake, got caught, admitted it. Happens. Only Human 🙂 No biggee. Just put this on the main channel..  But Your WORDS were not in synch with Your ACTIONS. Thats whats causing all the hype. With Time, it'll settle. Just stay truthful and coincide words with actions. Peace Dude. ✌🏻
Good job doc! You learned well from cnn haha!
"I'm young,i don't have health problems"  Corona: Understandable, Have a Great Day!
I am absolutely sorry to nobody for not wearing a mask , becus I do what I want ✌🏻 *!*
Ya fu**ed up, it happens. What bothers me is you didnt put this on your main channel. I get your main channel is a business/brand, but you are the business/brand. And as the business /brand, to put your apology away from your main page just seems so sus to me.  It would be like if Nike fu** up, but instead of apologizing on Nike, they apologized on their myspace page, so not to 'taint' their main page.  I do like that you said "Non of that matters though", to me that does show some owning up. It sounded like you were going to use logic to say it was okay, but definitely realized ya fu**ed. Honestly I'm okay with it, you're human, not god. At least you can learn and retroactively do something about your mistake before its too late.
LMFAO WAIT I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW BOUT THIS I WAS JUST SCROLLING THE TRENDING TAB PLEASE BRUHHHH
“I can’t promise I’m not going to make a mistake again” So he’s got a yacht booked for next week too huh
Even if it was a surprise, it doesn't take a genius to come up with ways to solve that problem. I thought one of the many mottos a doctor follows is " prevention is better than cure ". So why not warn your family and friends about it? Maybe that you'd rather not have a birthday party in the middle of a pandemic. I denied my parents holding mine beforehand, and I am 18, while you are 30~ Not only that, you expect people to forgive your hypocrisy and begin to believe you back and respect you, after you speak blatant lies that anyone can disapprove of easily in your apology? We aren't stupid, Sir. Most of us that watch you has an interest in science, or we are working hard to become someone in the medical field ourselves, etc. My point is,I don't believe any of US are stupid enough to fall for your methods. The fact that you take us as people that are so easy to manipulate is itself a dissapointment.  As someone who took you as a role model, to become a doctor herself in the near future, you've shown me you're nothing but what I don't want to be as a doctor, so far.  I still won't cross out the possibility of accepting you back as someone i can feel is genuine and a good person though, not yet. I do believe that nowadays we all tend to cancel people too quickly, and forget that even the worst person on earth can become good if they try..   Emphasis, on "try", which...I don't think you are, second channel lover.
I trusted you and feel that you were someone that we can really trust, you break the trust  And destroy everything you build and said, and it’s sad to see that you that did stupid things like everybody else when you were the first to rise your voice against stupid acting like you did. Shame on yourself
YOU seriously cant use mental health as an excuse for this, millions of people are going through the same thing and because the GOV told them to STAY AT HOME, WEAR A MASK and SOCIAL DISTANCE, which you clearly violated all of them. And worse of all how you have been preaching it with Dr. Fauci. Your excuse can be used by everyone then in the future. It is HYPOCRITICAL and UNFAIR.
Bs you aren't apologizing because you realized you were wrong you are apologizing because you were caught
Dude the rules in my country make me not be able to see the people i love or even quarantine with them i dont go out alot only to the store and back and i cant see the person i love most because the goverment shut everything down its been a month since i saw her so there really isnt any excuse that makes this right theres people that cant see their one year olds over this and stuff like that and they understand it and how serious it is
Dr. Mike. Much respect for coming forth with an apology! Do get tested though, wouldn't want my favorite medical youtuber getting F-up because of some crowd.  Stay well!
Bro those chicks were hot as f *** can't blame you lol
Only sorry he got caught: check  One rule for thee, but not for me: check  Posts on a random channel barely anyone watches: check  Youtube apology hat trick
I think he realized he fucked up and he regrets it. I'm disappointed as well but let's not forget he's human too.
Honestly I'm disgusted by random people offending Dr. Mike.. Like they are perfect and never make mistakes in life. I hope you will receive back all this envy! A bit of compassion no? I agree he made a terrible mistake but you cannot compare all the good impacts he had on the world!!  Regards, Mick and Nik.
You can’t even put this on your main channel, disgusting and a hypocrite
I feel sorry that he's got all this backlash, but I think he gets what it's about. I would like him to post it to his Doctor Mike YouTube page. To b honest that also sets an example in terms of the message  'we all screw up but have to preserve and be better'. This has been a hard year. It brought loneliness, grief, depression. It's especially sad when someone you look up to acts in a way that is kind of duplicitous. Deleting comments is particularly silly. This Miami debacle presents an opportunity for him to set an even greater example. To admit to screwing this up. YouTube stars aren't usually relatable. Hopefully he is true to himself and his profession and he owns it.
People may forgive you after this bs apology, but you showed your true colors. You don’t care for human life, you feign interest to gain money and fame. You are a liar and a cheat and this apology is nothing more than lip service. Don’t patronize the masses after you spit in their faces.
Hey man, if you don't care then I don't either. You and every state governor who breaks their own restrictions.
yikes dood
I didnt think this was that bad but then I saw the pics, like who even are all those chicks? Why do you need such an extravagant "dudebro" party? Mindboggling decision and zero foresight? Oof
Why didn't you post this on your main channel?
Yeah you full of yourself lol
The most surprising thing is that this somehow has more likes than dislikes even though there's not a single positive comment in the comment's section
You broke our Trust Doc.
wait what happened
It's not even the part that you partied, it's the fact that you and many others have preached to us to stay home and social distance and stay away from friends and families and parties, only for you to be going out. Some of us haven't seen family in months, even a year. And for us to see it, after this entire debacle of a year, it makes us go, "Why should I not go out and enjoy myself?"
Like us, you're human. And we all make mistakes. But we all need some fun to. So don't worry about it. Pet Bear from me ❤️
Accountability is what’s needed not your hypocrisy.
Post on your main, this is a sorry excuse for an apology by hiding it on here
This isn't a 'lapse of judgement'. You're a doctor. You should know better.
Why is this on his small channel and not on his main channel for his 6mil subscribers to see????
This is beyond disappointing. We don't even have enough ICU beds here in AZ because people just don't care, feel they're invincible, or just get so worn down from isolating and distancing themselves for so long they think, "screw it." None of those are excuses though. I understand wanting to see family and friends, but most of us have missed holidays, birthdays, life events, and even funerals because of our current reality. I know I have. Everyone has to make the right choices and sacrifice for us ALL to get to the other side of this pandemic. Everyone. ESPECIALLY the ones bleating about the severity of COVID for months on end on every media outlet that is willing to broadcast their message and bolster their image as a trusted voice and influencer.   Our CDC guidelines are worryingly lenient if they allow you to justify having a yacht party in a COVID hotbed state.
shred your medical license, dont need doctors like you.
L
people take this virus too seriously, therefore following the narrative what CNN portrays or high level doctors being payed by WHO to make this virus sound more problematic than it is, I've had friends with underlying health problems had covid, as well as my neighbor who is currently considered elderly had it as well, with a full recovery. This "pandemic" shows the foolishness of how society can be when it comes to a small virus like this. Imagine a virus that has a 50% survival chance. I am not spitting on those who unfortunately passed to this virus, but people lost opportunities in life that matter to them, like I can't imagine those kids in their last year of high school not being able to attend prom due to this situation. The girls bought their dresses prior to attending and the guys were ready to have their first dance, or even kiss. These small things in life help shape peoples mental stability for later on so this virus in reality was unnecessary to start a pandemic over.
Individual risk? What a selfish, retarded justification for your actions: you are a doctor, you encounter sick people regularly, individual risk ought to be the least of your worries.
I'm disappointed, you preach about what not to do yet you still do it. I had covid before and it's not something you would want, I'm just disappointed.
I think we should all stop trusting celebrity spokespeople. They don’t care about us, they just want to have a good time on private yachts. Follow the science and you’ll be fine
Man that photo is damning. Yeah, I'm out.
Don't preach what you won't practice.  You knew exactly what you were doing when you did it. You're sorry you got caught. There are truly no excuses-  did you go in to work the next day?
Bruh...
you didn't need 5 minutes to explain that you're a hypocrite
When's the next party?
Sorry because you got caught 😴
Bro. C'mon. Ya got all your details wrong. And ya didnt post this, or even have a link to this, on your main channel
mike a secret trump supporter
Imagine being a doctor, preaching covid guidelines, doing the exact opposite of that. I bet all those pretty girls made it worth it huh?
Pretty hypocritical, I'm very disappointed
whos paying you to say this mike
All these Lockdowns, mask wearing and stuff yet cases are still rising? Wtf is the point even, to destroy peoples businesses and put them out of a job for measures that aren't even working?
There was an elderly woman who essentially killed herself in an assisted suicide because she said she couldn't take another Lockdown and the loneliness. These people have no idea or don't care about how living in isolation can be.
I’m my opinion everyone make mistakes and at least you took precaution, prevention and planning in your trip because many people in this pandemic 😷 have not
Students haven't gone to school for MONTHS, majorly compromising their education. But here we are, an actual doctor, travelling across the country for no reason, and then partying on a boat with like 30 people. We just wanna go back to school man.
People like you are the ones who truly don't understand the effects of not social distancing and doing your best to keep Covid-19 under control. It's the reason why our country is doing such a terrible job of containing the spread. As a doctor, you should be the one to set the example for the younger or non-educated about what pandemics can do and the damage they can cause. I am not saying people are not allowed to celebrate, just celebrate with caution. Many people are celebrating birthdays, holidays, and even graduations in the form of social distancing, whereas you, a professionally trained doctor, aren't following the rules you set for others. Truly the definition of a hypocrite.
Oh screw you.
For people saying why he hasn't posted on his main channel.... he posts officially twice a week on Wednesday and Sunday. Let's wait till then. Dr. Mike everyone makes mistakes but owning up & accepting responsibility for that take real integrity and courage of character. Being a human all of us makes mistakes. But very few can accept  it. Also its unethical to publish someone's pics of their private life. He has a life beyond being a doctor. He has always been humble helpful & respectful. Yet we are so eager to criticise and tear him down for his one mistake inspite of him apologising. It's sad. We apologise too 😔
"I live alone and dont put anyone else at risk".. oh now what about all the patients you treat everyday. Do their lives have any meaning to you???
Dr. Mike I have admired you, and shared your videos about the importance about social distancing, and wearing masks. I know that we should not attack the science, but you are a really strong influencer in that field. Yes you messed up, but you have to be really practicing what you preach because you have a GREAT responsability.  I don't think we should cancel you because you are a human being just like anybody else, but please think not just twice, but a million times before doing something  You have a responsability and also a privilege to the world.
Exposing yourself not only as a hypocrite but as a douchebag too.
You are the reason is that covid is everywhere
Mike, live tour life! Good, bad, right, wrong. But be prepared for the consequences. I really don't care what you did. I am a healthcare worker and I deal with careless and irresponsible people all day.
This is why so many people find it hard to take the virus seriously when the ones promoting it the most as serious celebrities go out partying .
So this video is hidden on your second channel where when you click it the uploads isn't even the top result if you were really sorry it would be on your main channel
Doctor Mike don't apologize to the mob they will only get emboldened to harass you in the future 😢
You guys are ridiculous, he is not some evil man because he had a little party. He is a doctor most likely de sensitized that might seem insincere. Don’t act like all of you guys have never done everything possible. Doctor or not still a man.
The Great Barrington Declaration, written by world's TOP epidemiologists. So, these renowned scientists are supposedly wrong?
If you're really sorry leak a pee pee pic for us.😊
Imagine talking like this and then go party mask less with 15 bikini girls xD way to go boy
Omg I was saying the hole time Dr Mike it’s fine you made a mistake it happens don’t beet yourself up . It’s difficult but because he’s a doctor and on social media everyone’s eyes or on him and other medical professionals.  Stay home Stay safe
To be fair, let's be honest: Every one of us has been hypocritical at some point in our lives. In this case it's only a scandal because Dr. Mike is a celebrity...
Regardless of whether, or not you're upset at this. Please continue to wear your mask, and follow CDC guidelines. I'm not going to let this effect my views on COVID-19. Just because someone(even an influencer) doesn't take the pandemic seriously doesn't mean I shouldn't. Feel free to call me a hypocrite as well, because I've gone to some social events and didn't wear my mask(when I'm doing physical activities). But Doctor Mike is who pushed me to keep wearing my mask, and even after this I'm still going to do it. I'm not saying what Doctor Mike did was right. Please do research before jumping to a conclusion. A couple of news articles says he wore his mask, but took it off when getting in the water. Again not saying he's innocent. I'm just telling you what I read. I'm sure I'm biased, so take this comment as you will. I want to hear what you have to say about this, and even though I love Doctor Mike. I'm not going to let that effect how I hear your opinion(or at least try not to). If you read this far thank you.
We're all humans and we make mistakes  You have done so much good for this world and I honestly believe you when you say you took the right precautions and saw what you were doing was not wrong in the moment  💙💙💙💙
As an MD microbiologist, I agree the colleague here did mess up. While not strictly against guidelines, it was tone deaf towards prevailing consensus and his own messaging.  It’s tragic that a one-time offender gets crucified while those with multiple ones are not, but that reflects the depth of the disappointment. I appreciate the context and apology, and hope his - otherwise consistently good - content will not be undermined further by this mistake.
Would still bang though.
you are not sorry   you are sorry beacuse you got caught
I think you should've posted this on you main channel. Not all of you subs are gonna see this
Guys, let’s dislike the comments of all his fellow YouTube friends who blindly support him for no reason
Best to just dislike this video it’s the best option to do
Just so you all know this guy apologized on his smaller channel instead of his big one so he’s not truly sorry
THIS VIRUS IS SUPER DUPER SERIOUS!!! YOU GAVE ALL THOSE PEOPLE A DEATH SENTENCE TO A DISEASE WITH A 99% SURVIVABILITY RATE...oh wait, I guess y'all are fine. Anyway, "Rules for thee but not for me"
Ok cool, he made a mistake. That’s ok
Unsubscribe you don’t deserve it you should’ve done one thing and you didn’t
Obviously didn't want to put this on his main channel so people who have not heard about what he did yet won't.
You are still so cute though. Beauty face too.😍😍😍😍
Most of those in our covid icus were also young and healthy with no prior health history. This was selfish. I feel like you wouldn’t have sat down and admitted this if you weren’t caught. This isn’t an attack, just a disappointed subscriber who expected more since there’s a good percentage of us who are caring for patients and are thus isolated from our friends and don’t have the luxury of putting aside precautions for a birthday celebration on a yacht.
Makes sense you would do this, you have also said that you’re against free universal health care while every other developed country provides this...the lack of care for others really shows. I think you’re a doctor for the high status career, money and recognition.
Yeah and people wonder why people ignore doctors orders clearly covid isn't a problem if it was a M.D. doctor isn't following his own advice, rules for thee but not for me
Such an hypocrite
Who leaked the photo a "friend"?
Just because you tested negative for corona 3 times doesn’t make it ok
Liar
Those guidelines you reference contradict your own advice....
*Doc Mike's glasses are the equivalent of beauty guru no makeup apology*
You knew better. I’m so disappointed.
Do as I say not what I do
You dont care lol
I'm disappointed that you didn't post this on your main channel. I don't judge you for your mistake, I think critics tend to forget that doctors are not some kind of superhumans, and I don't despise you for slipping up. But that you didn't post this video on any social media or your main channel, man that really upsets me.
What exactly makes you a professional in viruses? Are you a Virologist? If you aren't, why are you speaking to millions of people about thing you don't know?
Honestly, this apology video sounds so fake. Why have you not put this on your main youtube channel? It sounds like you're sorry you got caught. You're a doctor, you know what's going on, especially how bad it is in America. You can pretend to yourself that at the time, you thought you were fine, but you chose to go on a private boat. Like you said, YOU need to do better. Also, actions speak louder than words. I had so much respect for you before, but you need to do better. It genuinely disgusts me how many poor people are suffering in the US, and you thought you were fine getting on a private boat, and you could have potentially killed people. Do better.
I agree that we are all human and we make mistakes but youRE LITERALLY A FUCKING DOCTOR BRO- WHAT 💀
Disgusting
You got in bed with snakes, and got bit. The left knows no shame, and they're hypocrites at heart. Apparently you're not an exception. Funny thing is, I don't care that you were out living a normal life. Covid has been exaggerated and our reaction to it is WAY over the top. But you live in a state where people have been banned from having Thanksgiving, and churches can't meet with more than 10 people.... Meanwhile you're on a boat with chicks having a grand ol time. Good for you, too. Even you know, deep down, that Covid ain't what the media makes it out to be.
Lol you checked all that for a party?  really doubt it. If you were really that cautious  you wouldn't have gone lol
You are not a good actor. You seem to be reading off a board. And the WHO? The same people who change their mind repeatedly. First, they said it isn't s pandemic, and to carry on as normal. Then they said isolation. Now, they say isolating is worse than not gathering in public. What advice does "DR" Mike have? And what exactly makes you a professional in viruses? Are you a Virologist?
If you are going to be transparent and honest this needs to be on your main channel. It doesn't matter that you tested negative 3x since besides how incredibly fortunate you are. Other people have made similar bad decisions and weren't as lucky and the people they came in contact with weren't as lucky. As someone who is immunocompromised your assertion that you made these choices because you are young, healthy, and live alone is a problem in a world where comment sections are filled with "if you are vulnerable stay home, but the rest of us shouldn't live in fear." My roommate has had to work with the public this whole pandemic and has worried every day about the people he has been forced to be around making similar decisions as you have, worried that he will get infected and infect me. You saying that you are young and healthy says to your viewers that COVID19 isn't a big deal if you are young and healthy. You saying you live alone doesn't account for the people you work with, your patients, the people on the plane with you. It is clear that you feel bad about what you did, but you are still rationalizing it and leading others to rationalize similar decisions.
Everybody makes mistakes. You can't seriously tell me that every single one of you has stuck to the rules religiously? Give mike some slack! He risks his life every day going into work to help people like US! Yes it was stupid and thoughtless and i'm in no way trying to excuse what mike did or say that it's in any way right, but giving him all this hate is disgusting, especially when some people just blatantly ignore all these rules and get nothing. The chances are even you reading this knows someone close to you who doesn't follow the rules or tries to "Bend them", or maybe even you yourself! I personally support Mike, as he's still one of the only people preaching the right thing to do, how to be safe, how to be aware and not scared, and the fact that he's willing to own up to his mistakes just makes me respect and support him more. He understands he messed up. Enough with the hate and cancel culture!
I find it admirable that you are apologizing, but why on this channel and not your main channel which has much more viewers? That said... we're all human! We all make mistakes, and I find this is being blown out of proportion, because "Hot doctor" is doing something... Also, why is it of importance that the girls were "bikini clad"??? The outrage wouldn't have been any different if this had happened in Central Park, while wearing hoodies! Long story short... You messed up! But we all do over and over! However, I still think you are an extremely valuable voice and can be a huge role model in this situation showing the world how you are learning from your mistakes and are changing your behavior accordingly! You will have to work hard to regain the trust of many people, but better days are ahead! Happy Holidays!!!
Obviously covid isn't that serious. All these celebs and politicians getting caught.
Covid 19 is not real if it was you wouldnt have been that close to that many people for so longg.
Bro As someone who has been dealing with sars patients for month and seeing death after death, your actions are disgusting.  How are you a doctor?
What lesson did you learn? to put this explanation/apology on the channel that has far fewer viewers instead of your main one so that you don't lose subscribers?  I am a nurse that was in the thick of the covid pandemic  I am embarrassed that you are in this profession. You don't even have the balls to put this on your main channel.
Why not just admit that Covid19 does not concern you and explain why you are clearly not worried about it?  Be honest, please.
"This pandemic has all taken a toll on all of our physical and mental well beings" .."It's tough and we are all struggling"...   "MY FRIENDS SURPRISED ME WITH A PRIVATE BOAT :D"  bruh....
This is similar to those dancing nurses.
deep down we all know that everyone here would do the samething if given the opportunity y'all are just too antisocial or broke to do it thats all stop going off random ppl on the internet for their smallest mistakes fkn attention seekers
Y’all mf acting like you were a mask 24/7
And the narcissist starts to show his true colors...
Had get some poontage huh.
These comments are not it 😂 he throughly effed up and he knows that. Truth is, with the exception of a small percent of people, most of us have broken the guidelines in some way. And a lot of you commenting are a part of that, but because he’s a doctor and did it, you make it okay in your head to attack him. None of this is okay. Instead of acting like petty teens, acknowledge he messed up and move on. You act like all is lost because he broke guidelines but you seem to forget that if you continue to do your part then it’s gonna be okay. He is not the end all be all of this pandemic. He’s falling off the pedestal you all put him on. Get off your high horse and do your part. The world has gotten through many pandemics before and we will get through this one.
Don't be sorry, live your life.....you were taking the nessacerry precautions  Its sad that you've had to make this video ❤
I can't believe you are such a hypocrite. And this is the most awful apology video I've ever seen, you did this only because you got caught. lol 💀☠
You need to post an apology on your real channel, if you’re really sorry... I was very skeptical of you in the beginning, because you were the “Instagram doctor”, but by watching your content on YouTube I started to appreciate you as a medical professional who cares about people and about communicating about science to the general public. But here I am, disappointed and saddened.
I feel like there should have been a video on the main channel explaining very straightforwardly what had happened so that people wouldn’t have to find out about it themselves, explain your side of the story, apologize and then tell your viewers what you will do to gain back their trust.   I don’t want to speculate over whether you truly feel guilty or not. That’s not my place. But I do feel being more straightforward would have been a better way to handle this. I feel like informing your viewers that you messed up, even if they didn’t know about it would lend more credibility to your attempts to be straightforward and forthcoming. And help to show that your apology is sincere.
I just can't stop laughing... This is just hypocrisy I mean, dude, just be sincere.. How can you laugh? We are all humans and have the right to do mistakes, but at least don't freaking laugh about this ..
I think if dr Mike was working on COVID wards in ICU he'd be more paranoid. I'd imagine as a family doctor he's seen effects but been quite removed from the true horrors. If you want an accurate description of what that's like follow Dr Ed Hope's Sick notes 😍
I didn’t see this coming, what a disappointment.
We all slip up. Masks DO work.  Covid-19 is EXTREMELY serious (i write this as i am isolated in my room waiting to get tested during the week) . It's been a VERY hard year. Dr. Mike. I want you to know your slip up has not altered my opinion of you or the seriousness of covid-19 .
Dr. Fauci is disappointed in you. We all are.
I do not know what to say 😕 I get we all make mistakes. Just don't forget that some mistakes can kill.
dr. Todd got you right. shifting blame mode on.
Practice what you preach. Otherwise, it makes you look like a narcissistic hypocrite
I hate all this negativity in the comment section. If he thinks it's important to do better then that's his business. Just don't bug me about what I feel is best for me. This is why we have freedom. I don't need to understand your circumstances to find out if what you did was right or wrong. Because it doesn't matter. I'm responsible for me and you're responsible for you; not anyone else. Period.
This is sad, I'm hoping they tested before going onto the boat. Remember lots of people who have cases. And just put the video on the main channel, you will get a better response. I'm not hating but just be honest, this will be forgiven if you do that.
Post it on the main channel coward
You should have your license revoked. Jesus christ.
Wow this is actually really embarrassing yikes
Man I’m really disappointed in you dude- Not only as a popular YouTuber but also a doctor, you should know better. It’s like you threw all the hard work you did to get into this job field out the window- Don’t think I can enjoy your videos anymore.. I wanna feel bad for you, but it’s difficult after everything that’s happened this year. You fucked up big time, and all for a stupid party with a bunch of bimbos
1. only sorry because you got caught 2. backtracked on what you said 3. posted it to a channel that gets 1 percent of your audience to make less people hear about the scandal you my friend are a person that deserves to loose his career
DISAPPOINTED!!!!
Wackk to the medical profession and industry
😭😭no why Dr Mike, whhy
I still can't believe you're being chastised for having a good time! Clearly you have the good sense to make sure you keep your pts safe. You're being attacked. I support you! Hopefully your colleagues do as well!
It’s already been said multiple times here in the comments, but if you really meant this apology you would put this on your main channel.
Even right now you're lying. You cite looatcal boat capacity guidelines and what you highlighted says eight adults maximum. But in the picture there were at least 14 people which is actually a federal crime as well since federal guidelines max you out at 13 people.  It would have been fitting if your boat was pulled over by coastguard. Then you would have more than just a picture to try to explain away
I would’ve even considered forgiving him and accepting he had made a mistake but the fact he’s posted this on his second channel (obviously reaching less people) pisses me off
I appreciate you apologizing. However, as an RN I am dealing with family members, patients and other people in my community that are saying all of the COVID restrictions are overblown or COVID is not real. I would point them towards your channel as a resource for information. Now they have seen your actions and use it as an excuse to not follow CDC guidelines. You are a Doctor who knowingly created a following to educate and influence the public on their health. You could have gone one year without a vacation like everyone else in the healthcare field that are putting other's health before their own. It is great that you have worked hard to provide accurate health information, made sure to link CDC information when talking about COVID amongst other things. As a result, I do not believe that this is a direct representation of your whole character. But in a way, this situation is showing your privilege, and as a healthcare worker who has actively avoided social events even though I also live alone, this is very upsetting. Please realize your influence and act accordingly.
What happened?
I was only reading the comments on this video for a few minutes and I found dozens of people commenting that Dr. Mike's actions are evidence that the pandemic is "fake" and that masks "clearly don't work".  Good job Mike. Brilliant.  You don't deserve to have a platform like this anymore. (this is not some cancel-culture stupidity comment either... I mean that it is actually dangerous to have someone like you have a platform like this).
I have not been to a yacht party this year. Mainly because nobody invited me. I’m suspecting that the same will be true next year.  This has been a very dreary year, during which I have watched a lot of YouTube. Dr Mike has posted informative, uplifting, and amusing content. And I thank him for that.  Yes, he shouldn’t have broken the Covid rules. He knows that and we know that.  We should all be following the rules, to protect the vulnerable. It’s not just about our own ability to deal with the virus, it’s about us not infecting other people.
You know the year is tough when you can't apologise on your main account.
Since you are young and healthy you considered yourself low risk? No. You are a practicing physician which automatically makes you high risk due to your contact with vulnerable groups. I work with paeds which is a low risk group and I still haven’t seen friends or family in months in order to protect my patients, and here you are, a spokesperson, an influencer no less, partying on a boat. I can’t even.  Edit: Put this on your main channel and then maybe people might believe you’re actually sorry, and not just sorry you got caught.
I'm five seconds in and I can already tell that this guy's a complete narcissist.  This was as genuine as a salesman on a deadline to make a commission. Unfortunately there's no end to the amount of idiots who'll fall for it.
Hahaha even a doctor doesn't take this seriously  Everyone stay safe also living in fear and hate will only lower your immune system keep a positive vibe for your and everyone else benefits
Wasn't necessary to go outside. There are so many excuses in this video.
"Let him who is without sin cast the first mask." (John 8:7)
Bruh everyone was basically naked at that party.
LMAO
People are incredibly judgemental. Do you!!! Those of us in medicine understand SCIENCE! People just need to get over themselves.  You have NOTHING to apologize for! This disgusts me.
doctor mike.  you are not apologizing because you accidentally coughed in public. you are apologizing because you went to a big party with lots of people. you, as a doctor, should know better than to do this. you have been preaching a lot - sharing great messages but the fact that you refused to respect basic decency is disgusting. you going to that party was a well-thought-out decision, not an impulsive. you could have texted your friend to say you wouldn't go, you could have advised them to cancel. but no- you absolutely failed your duty as a person AND as a doctor. if i was one of your patients i would never trust you again and the fact that this is on your second channel when just a small fraction of your viewers are is disgusting. the handsome man you are is but a facade, as well as the genuine and protective MD. you are conniving, malicious and deceiving.  i hope you are not sick but even better, i hope no one around you gets sick because of YOUR reckless actions. nurses, doctors and everyone in the medical field (as well as people with decency) are sacrificing their time, life, mental health for others' safety because they cannot afford to go out. and yet here you are.. you're not a doctor anymore, you're just another jake paul with scrubs.
Plandemic rules only apply to the sheeple.
Hey doc, why are you deleting all the comments??
HYPOCRITE!!!
Wtf happened though. ?
Put it on your main channel , this looks worse
You’re disgusting. Posting this to your second channel so the majority of your viewers don’t see it. This is just damage control. You’re not sorry at all.  You deflected onto conspiracy theories. You just threw in the typical phrases that carry no actual weight. “I’ll strive to do better” oh please. And clearly you still think that everyone was overreacting because you were following inside the rules. You are not sorry for anything. There is nothing genuine in this video.
Aand all those subscribers blindly follow....wow, scumbag.
Reported for misinformation
Someone please explain what’s even going on? Why is everyone so mad?
LMFAOOOO YOU SURE WOULDN’T BE ON THAT BOAT IF THIS WAS AN ACTUAL PLAGUE BOI YOU WILDIN
I will never trust anything this guy ever says again. The #1 rule of having the responsibility (and perks) of this kind of a platform: Lead by example. Was a big fan. What a moron.   Edit to add: He also just out right lied about the number of people being below the guidelines. He is clearly a manipulative narcissist. Just wanted to be a "doctor" for the praise, attention, etc.
You disregarded what you've been preaching to everyone else. Dude I haven't seen my grandparents in over a year and you partied with people on a boat
Pathetic
*Is this the only time, or just the first time you got caught?*
bruuhhhh shut upp man. literally just making excuses;;; shut uppppp omgg.. he knew the implications of his actions MORE than most people and STILL partied for his own enjoyment. shut upppp;
Oof
cmon man. we all trusted u,  shoulda known this wouldve happened. giving me even bigger trust issues
More doctors need to speak out at this ridiculous “epidemic”. It’s basically a new strain of pneumonia. Almost every healthy person will live through it. Elderly are at risk of anything like pneumonia or the flu or other illnesses. It shouldn’t mean we all have to keep wearing masks to give up our freedoms. The toll on the country due to the limited freedoms, such as the small businesses and children missing school, failing grades, higher cases of depression and suicide, it’s not worth it. Use common sense. Enough with this mask bull 💩and stop spreading this fake scare.
Why isn’t this posted on your main feed. I had the search to find your response....you knew what you were doing. Not only are you putting your patients at risk but your setting a bad example. I hope you learn, and not just try to not get caught
As someone famous once once said "We all make choices, but honey, THAT was a choice."   Imagine knowing that someone who kept saying to stay safe and then ends up partying during a Pandemic while we are all isolating and are being affected by it mentally? But you know what thats fine since he's an "iNfLuEnCeR"
hypocrit at the top point
All of you are just stressing him out he just made one big mistake and you guys are like OH I AM A SAINT I DO NOT MAKE MISTAKES
You have to remember that doctors are humans. This was a conscious decision and there is no excuse for it, and that's obvious, but people in the world (everyone) make bad choices... It just is what it is. No one is exempt from that
Two letters      BS
Why didn't you post it on your main channel then ?
You guys do the same thing so you guys shouldn’t put hate on him other influencers have done worse.
I missed Thanksgiving with my family.  YOU WENT ON A BOAT WITH A GROUP OF PEOPLE!!!  I haven’t HUGGED MY ELDERLY PARENTS FOR 10 MONTHS You SAW YOUR FATHER AND PARTIED!!!! I’m disgusted and disappointed.  This is like “I wore a condom 9/10 times” and I got her pregnant. You can’t wear a mask 9/10 times.  You’re a doctor with a huge amount of people who look to you!!! Do better!!!
You hypocrite snake. I love how everyone showing just how fake they are in 2020. Appear one way for the clout/fame/money incentives and behind the camera double standards are flying free LOL.  Gtfo.
*I'm disappointed* 🙁
Own up to it. This plandemic needs to be officially over. It’s a purposeful disintegration of the middle class and the current system. End it.  You wanna talk about “science...”. Straight from the New England Journal of Medicine: “Expanded masking protocols’ greatest contribution may be to reduce the transmission of anxiety, over and above whatever role they may play in reducing transmission of Covid-19.”
You're only sorry because you were caught with your hand in your pants.
My grandpa is in the hospital with covid, we did EVERYTHING the CDC had told us. Although, unfortunately we have family who ACTUALLY work in healthcare unlike you, all you do is YouTube and tv nowadays. You don’t work for a local hospital, and you probably don’t know how it feels having to hear a loved one who’s is going to die soon of covid. Otherwise you wouldn’t do this! Disgusting, I’m not going out and partying, and you shouldn’t either.
I feel so sad.  Even someone as nice as Doctor Mike, can have controversies like this.  You would think that he wouldn’t have too many problems, and now this.  So many youtubers man, Mini Ladd and Crayotic. Even pyrocynical (which is fake I think)  But this isn’t a big big controversy. Soon we will all forgive or not forgive, and forget.
Typical. Same as the leaders of this country. Do as I say, not as I do. I have followed every CDC guideline to the T, and ironically those who should be following it the most, completely and utterly disregard it. You are only sorry because you got exposed. You are not sorry. You are trying to save face and keep your image. Pitiful.
Dr.Mike is a joke. Playing Dr on YouTube while raking in that google $$. I love it when Hypocritical Liberals get caught in their lies and have to have their PR teams write a scripted apology video that also makes them and him more $$. Yeah we will remember that. What a quack show. FOLLOW THE RULES EXCEPT I DON’T HAVE TO.... anything for social media 🤮
What a hypocrite  WTF dude
Nice "apology", Doctor Mike.  Did you post this on a smaller channel because you were afraid of losing that sweet Youtube money?  Your apology would've sounded more sincere if your PR team didn't try to bullshit us by saying you were following Covid protocol, Dr. Party Animal.  Also, it was clear you knew you needed a mask since you made one out of cloth when you were doing the neck adjustment (sans nose covering).  Was your reputation worth your fun?  Maybe the risk would've been worth it to see your family but it wasn't even that.  It was a surprise birthday party with some friends and and an even bigger bunch of randos that were there because they were hot.  Hot people don't get Covid?  Did all the people on the yacht self-quarantine afterwards?  Doubtful.
wtf I looked up to you. this is so disappointing.
You're just sorry you got caught.
Why the heck is this on your second channel?
Conspiracy theories??! What this n***a smokin... ~ *SE T*
Conspiracy theories??! What this n***a smokin... ~ *SE T*
Conspiracy theories??! What this n***a smokin... ~ *SE T*
I hope cancel culture gets to you, having a party during a pandemic knowing that this virus can be spread is just down right wrong of you to do. If I was you I’d advise to leave social media.
Conspiracy theories??! What this n***a smokin... ~ * SE T*
I m beyond disappointed. I really looked up to you for the science first  medical advice you gave about this because the pandemic is scary. To see that you didn't care and did something so wreckless is just disappointing. It'll be a while before I trust the words you say on camera as clearly that is not what you believe.~ *Betty G*
I m beyond disappointed. I really looked up to you for the science first  medical advice you gave about this because the pandemic is scary. To see that you didn't care and did something so wreckless is just disappointing. It'll be a while before I trust the words you say on camera as clearly that is not what you believe.~ *Betty G*
I m beyond disappointed. I really looked up to you for the science first  medical advice you gave about this because the pandemic is scary. To see that you didn't care and did something so wreckless is just disappointing. It'll be a while before I trust the words you say on camera as clearly that is not what you believe.~ *Betty G*
I m beyond disappointed. I really looked up to you for the science first  medical advice you gave about this because the pandemic is scary. To see that you didn't care and did something so wreckless is just disappointing. It'll be a while before I trust the words you say on camera as clearly that is not what you believe.~ *Betty G*
'I m beyond disappointed. I really looked up to you for the science first  medical advice you gave about this because the pandemic is scary. To see that you didn't care and did something so wreckless is just disappointing. It'll be a while before I trust the words you say on camera as clearly that is not what you believe.~ *Betty G*
I tought wrong of you
You just legitimized the claims of people who don’t believe in covid 19. Them seeing a doctor partying, having fun and not caring about the virus just made all their batshit theories true. Congrats on taking a big step back
Y’all are forgetting that doctors are people too. Doctors make mistakes too, and this was a 100% accountable apology. Not a single excuse, not a single “explanation”. You guys are all cancelling the wrong people.
God_bless... This will eventually pass...
Talk is cheap.
~ *Robin ochoa* I am a director of an urgent care in Michigan that has done covid testing since the pandemic started. I deal with COVID and sick patients first hand every day! However, I am glad Dr. Mike apologized about what he did like q grown adult and I in return, will accept his appology. Hopefully we will move forward with trying to get through this pandemic while educating qnd testing the public as much as possible. We are both health care workers and during a pandemic like this we should all be sticking together instead of tearing each other down.   We are human and we all make selfish decisions at some point. The good that Dr. Mike has done on his channels compared to this 1 bad decision. Come on... yes he is held at higher standards than the majority because he is qn influencer and has a large platform but EVERY SINGLE PERSON ON YOUTUBE MAKES BAD OR SELFISH DECISIONS and a lot of them have probably made a couple during this pandemic.   Put yourself is someone else's shoes before you spit judgement, hate, rude comments and attacking someones character who is at least TRYING to make a positive difference in this pandemic.   Hold him accountable yes 100% but 1 bad decision doesn't make him or anyone q hypocrit, bad person, fake, self centered or anything similar to those. It makes them a human who knows how to admit when they were wrong and apologizing like a grown adult. We all should treat him with the same respect. Like he said in the video "Be Better"
~ *Robin ochoa* I am a director of an urgent care in Michigan that has done covid testing since the pandemic started. I deal with COVID and sick patients first hand every day! However, I am glad Dr. Mike apologized about what he did like q grown adult and I in return, will accept his appology. Hopefully we will move forward with trying to get through this pandemic while educating qnd testing the public as much as possible. We are both health care workers and during a pandemic like this we should all be sticking together instead of tearing each other down.   We are human and we all make selfish decisions at some point. The good that Dr. Mike has done on his channels compared to this 1 bad decision. Come on... yes he is held at higher standards than the majority because he is qn influencer and has a large platform but EVERY SINGLE PERSON ON YOUTUBE MAKES BAD OR SELFISH DECISIONS and a lot of them have probably made a couple during this pandemic.   Put yourself is someone else's shoes before you spit judgement, hate, rude comments and attacking someones character who is at least TRYING to make a positive difference in this pandemic.   Hold him accountable yes 100% but 1 bad decision doesn't make him or anyone q hypocrit, bad person, fake, self centered or anything similar to those. It makes them a human who knows how to admit when they were wrong and apologizing like a grown adult. We all should treat him with the same respect. Like he said in the video "Be Better"
This feels like a betrayal to your entire audience All these videos about Covid, constantly reminding us about the risks, the precautions to be taken and now to hear this. I'm shocked.
~ *Robin ochoa* I am a director of an urgent care in Michigan that has done covid testing since the pandemic started. I deal with COVID and sick patients first hand every day! However, I am glad Dr. Mike apologized about what he did like q grown adult and I in return, will accept his appology. Hopefully we will move forward with trying to get through this pandemic while educating qnd testing the public as much as possible. We are both health care workers and during a pandemic like this we should all be sticking together instead of tearing each other down.   We are human and we all make selfish decisions at some point. The good that Dr. Mike has done on his channels compared to this 1 bad decision. Come on... yes he is held at higher standards than the majority because he is qn influencer and has a large platform but EVERY SINGLE PERSON ON YOUTUBE MAKES BAD OR SELFISH DECISIONS and a lot of them have probably made a couple during this pandemic.   Put yourself is someone else's shoes before you spit judgement, hate, rude comments and attacking someones character who is at least TRYING to make a positive difference in this pandemic.   Hold him accountable yes 100% but 1 bad decision doesn't make him or anyone q hypocrit, bad person, fake, self centered or anything similar to those. It makes them a human who knows how to admit when they were wrong and apologizing like a grown adult. We all should treat him with the same respect. Like he said in the video "Be Better"
~*Robin ochoa* I am a director of an urgent care in Michigan that has done covid testing since the pandemic started. I deal with COVID and sick patients first hand every day! However, I am glad Dr. Mike apologized about what he did like q grown adult and I in return, will accept his appology. Hopefully we will move forward with trying to get through this pandemic while educating qnd testing the public as much as possible. We are both health care workers and during a pandemic like this we should all be sticking together instead of tearing each other down.   We are human and we all make selfish decisions at some point. The good that Dr. Mike has done on his channels compared to this 1 bad decision. Come on... yes he is held at higher standards than the majority because he is qn influencer and has a large platform but EVERY SINGLE PERSON ON YOUTUBE MAKES BAD OR SELFISH DECISIONS and a lot of them have probably made a couple during this pandemic.   Put yourself is someone else's shoes before you spit judgement, hate, rude comments and attacking someones character who is at least TRYING to make a positive difference in this pandemic.   Hold him accountable yes 100% but 1 bad decision doesn't make him or anyone q hypocrit, bad person, fake, self centered or anything similar to those. It makes them a human who knows how to admit when they were wrong and apologizing like a grown adult. We all should treat him with the same respect. Like he said in the video "Be Better"
Covid is a scam... look how much anxiety it causes ^^
~ *Robin ochoa* I am a director of an urgent care in Michigan that has done covid testing since the pandemic started. I deal with COVID and sick patients first hand every day! However, I am glad Dr. Mike apologized about what he did like q grown adult and I in return, will accept his appology. Hopefully we will move forward with trying to get through this pandemic while educating qnd testing the public as much as possible. We are both health care workers and during a pandemic like this we should all be sticking together instead of tearing each other down.   We are human and we all make selfish decisions at some point. The good that Dr. Mike has done on his channels compared to this 1 bad decision. Come on... yes he is held at higher standards than the majority because he is qn influencer and has a large platform but EVERY SINGLE PERSON ON YOUTUBE MAKES BAD OR SELFISH DECISIONS and a lot of them have probably made a couple during this pandemic.   Put yourself is someone else's shoes before you spit judgement, hate, rude comments and attacking someones character who is at least TRYING to make a positive difference in this pandemic.   Hold him accountable yes 100% but 1 bad decision doesn't make him or anyone q hypocrit, bad person, fake, self centered or anything similar to those. It makes them a human who knows how to admit when they were wrong and apologizing like a grown adult. We all should treat him with the same respect. Like he said in the video "Be Better"
~*Robin ochoa* I am a director of an urgent care in Michigan that has done covid testing since the pandemic started. I deal with COVID and sick patients first hand every day! However, I am glad Dr. Mike apologized about what he did like q grown adult and I in return, will accept his appology. Hopefully we will move forward with trying to get through this pandemic while educating qnd testing the public as much as possible. We are both health care workers and during a pandemic like this we should all be sticking together instead of tearing each other down.   We are human and we all make selfish decisions at some point. The good that Dr. Mike has done on his channels compared to this 1 bad decision. Come on... yes he is held at higher standards than the majority because he is qn influencer and has a large platform but EVERY SINGLE PERSON ON YOUTUBE MAKES BAD OR SELFISH DECISIONS and a lot of them have probably made a couple during this pandemic.   Put yourself is someone else's shoes before you spit judgement, hate, rude comments and attacking someones character who is at least TRYING to make a positive difference in this pandemic.   Hold him accountable yes 100% but 1 bad decision doesn't make him or anyone q hypocrit, bad person, fake, self centered or anything similar to those. It makes them a human who knows how to admit when they were wrong and apologizing like a grown adult. We all should treat him with the same respect. Like he said in the video "Be Better"
I am a director of an urgent care in Michigan that has done covid testing since the pandemic started. I deal with COVID and sick patients first hand every day! However, I am glad Dr. Mike apologized about what he did like q grown adult and I in return, will accept his appology. Hopefully we will move forward with trying to get through this pandemic while educating qnd testing the public as much as possible. We are both health care workers and during a pandemic like this we should all be sticking together instead of tearing each other down.   We are human and we all make selfish decisions at some point. The good that Dr. Mike has done on his channels compared to this 1 bad decision. Come on... yes he is held at higher standards than the majority because he is qn influencer and has a large platform but EVERY SINGLE PERSON ON YOUTUBE MAKES BAD OR SELFISH DECISIONS and a lot of them have probably made a couple during this pandemic.   Put yourself is someone else's shoes before you spit judgement, hate, rude comments and attacking someones character who is at least TRYING to make a positive difference in this pandemic.   Hold him accountable yes 100% but 1 bad decision doesn't make him or anyone q hypocrit, bad person, fake, self centered or anything similar to those. It makes them a human who knows how to admit when they were wrong and apologizing like a grown adult. We all should treat him with the same respect. Like he said in the video "Be Better"
Do as I say not as I do
clowneryyyy
This has 666k views😳 S P O O K Y
And here we see another Youtuber apologising because he got caught not because he is sorry.
So doc, how much Medicare money did you skim off the top while you shilled for this "deadly" virus?
dont worry  everyone make mistake.
*“I’m young and healthy “*  *2 mins later : ”I went to my dads house in miami”*  ~Oddy Stef
*“I’m young and healthy “*  *2 mins later : ”I went to my dads house in miami”*  ~Oddy Stef
*“I’m young and healthy “*  *2 mins later : ”I went to my dads house in miami”*  ~Oddy Stef
*“I’m young and healthy “*  *2 mins later : ”I went to my dads house in miami”*  ~Oddy Stef
*“I’m young and healthy “*  *2 mins later : ”I went to my dads house in miami”*
*“I’m young and healthy “*  *2 mins later : ”I went to my dads house in miami”*  ~Oddy Stef
I'm beyond disappointed. I really looked up to you for the science first  medical advice you gave about this because the pandemic is scary. To see that you didn't care and did something so wreckless is just disappointing. It'll be a while before I trust the words you say on camera as clearly that is not what you believe.
We all make mistakes and in his case he has made a big one.   Unfortunately though, he is far from the only one that does this and we needn't look too far to see and know the blatant hypocrisy that exists in the people that supposedly should know and do better.  Personally, I accept his apology but I know that given any other circumstance where I am the one at fault, I wouldn't necessarily become excused for my actions, and yet I firmly believe that we as people to learn to get along with what we have and not simply use and throw away.  While his actions were wrong, his message to be careful of the virus is correct. Far too many people get hung up on the wrong doing but it really does require a stronger person to forgive and move on, I hope that many of you are strong enough to see the humanity in this kind of behaviour and forgive them too.
Not cool, Mike, not cool.  By this you are on the list of "Those, who are preaching water, but drinking wine"
*Dude if you werent caught, you wouldnt even apologize* ~ Rxpect YT
*Dude if you werent caught, you wouldnt even apologize* ~ Rxpect YT
*Dude if you werent caught, you wouldnt even apologize* ~ Rxpect YT
What is wrong with you? You know very well what you were doing. You know exactly what the risk is. You hypocrite.
*Dude if you werent caught, you wouldnt even apologize* ~ Rxpect YT
*Dude if you werent caught, you wouldnt even apologize* ~ Rxpect YT
*Dude if you werent caught, you wouldnt even apologize* ~ Rxpect YT
It’s even worse you checked the regulations and still didn’t obey them
Dude if you werent caught, you wouldnt even apologize
Dirtbag
*How to kill your YouTube career faster than Covid kills old and immune deficient people. Agree with others, would you have felt the same or admitted to anything if you weren't caught? Doubt it.*
Oh no there's a 99% recovery rate, everyone put your lives on hold
Yesterday I saw a video who some people have said that you where partying af and joking about the coronavirus. According to them you said that is a hoax and some people got it on video. That you make jokes about it. I was shocked. I'm a nurse and I didn't expect it from you. I really hope that this videos didn't exist. Sorry for my bad English. Isn't my nativ. Stay save and healthy all of you. Wonderful first advent. Wonderful Christmas time for all of you!
Apologies are always excepted. 🙂 take on the constructive criticism, but don't let the hate comments deter you. I have valued your msgs throughout the yr and have found it to be reassuring. Being a leader takes a lot of responsibility and I'm glad you realised you're accountability is important. Not many do . Keep going Dr Mike!
It saddens me that someone like you would do this, I liked you. I no longer have any respect for you.
When you were calculating your "individual risk," did you factor in that you're a doctor who sees patients?????  *Reality* : He was buzy calculating how to tap those girls on boat !
When you were calculating your "individual risk," did you factor in that you're a doctor who sees patients?????  *Reality* : He was buzy calculating how to tap those girls on boat !
When you were calculating your "individual risk," did you factor in that you're a doctor who sees patients?????  *Reality* : He was buzy calculating how to tap those girls on boat !
When you were calculating your "individual risk," did you factor in that you're a doctor who sees patients?????  *Reality* : He was buzy calculating how to tap those girls on boat !
When you were calculating your "individual risk," did you factor in that you're a doctor who sees patients?????  *Reality* : He was buzy calculating how to tap those girls on boat !
This situation has shown quite clearly that you don't think as a medical prof. You think as a showbiz kid. And that's what you are, apparently, despite all the hype 😕👎 How pathetic.
When you were calculating your "individual risk," did you factor in that you're a doctor who sees patients?????  *Reality* : He was buzy calculating how to tap those girls on boat !
Do you Mike! We need to make peace with COVID being here. Life goes on, so enjoy it. We all will get COVID, so do you!
When you were calculating your "individual risk," did you factor in that you're a doctor who sees patients?????  *Reality* : He was buzy calculating how to tap those girls on boat !
I am a director of an urgent care in Michigan that has done covid testing since the pandemic started. I deal with COVID and sick patients first hand every day! However, I am glad Dr. Mike apologized about what he did like q grown adult and I in return, will accept his appology. Hopefully we will move forward with trying to get through this pandemic while educating qnd testing the public as much as possible. We are both health care workers and during a pandemic like this we should all be sticking together instead of tearing each other down.   We are human and we all make selfish decisions at some point. The good that Dr. Mike has done on his channels compared to this 1 bad decision. Come on... yes he is held at higher standards than the majority because he is qn influencer and has a large platform but EVERY SINGLE PERSON ON YOUTUBE MAKES BAD OR SELFISH DECISIONS and a lot of them have probably made a couple during this pandemic.   Put yourself is someone else's shoes before you spit judgement, hate, rude comments and attacking someones character who is at least TRYING to make a positive difference in this pandemic.   Hold him accountable yes 100% but 1 bad decision doesn't make him or anyone q hypocrit, bad person, fake, self centered or anything similar to those. It makes them a human who knows how to admit when they were wrong and apologizing like a grown adult. We all should treat him with the same respect. Like he said in the video "Be Better"
Sorry!   Once a liar! Always a liar! You are a hypocrite and I don’t believe you! 🦠
He sounds like that guy from the BP company in south park “we’re saaawrry”
If you're that sorry put it on your main channel 🤷🏼‍♀️
So it sounds like you followed the science and now you are apologizing for it?... If you followed the science then just move on and stop feeding the trolls. If you didn't then otherwise.    So which is it?
You got caught with your bitches you were definitely in close contact practically in them, do as I say not as I do
Science : wear a mask, lockdowns, social distancing  Governors, doctors, policy makers, nurses : "nah"
Science : wear a mask, lockdowns, social distancing  Governors, doctors, policy makers, nurses : "nah"
Science : wear a mask, lockdowns, social distancing  Governors, doctors, policy makers, nurses : "nah"
Isn’t it funny that everyone who breaks the quarantine is surprised by his friends...
Science : wear a mask, lockdowns, social distancing  Governors, doctors, policy makers, nurses : "nah"
Science : wear a mask, lockdowns, social distancing  Governors, doctors, policy makers, nurses : "nah"
I haven’t seen the video but from what I gathered in the comments, he’s basically saying “sorry i got caught, i’m young and healthy, it was a mistake” yikes 😳 ~Nadia Iman
I haven’t seen the video but from what I gathered in the comments, he’s basically saying “sorry i got caught, i’m young and healthy, it was a mistake” yikes 😳 ~Nadia Iman
I haven’t seen the video but from what I gathered in the comments, he’s basically saying “sorry i got caught, i’m young and healthy, it was a mistake” yikes 😳 ~Nadia Iman
I haven’t seen the video but from what I gathered in the comments, he’s basically saying “sorry i got caught, i’m young and healthy, it was a mistake” yikes 😳 ~Nadia Iman
I haven’t seen the video but from what I gathered in the comments, he’s basically saying “sorry i got caught, i’m young and healthy, it was a mistake” yikes 😳 ~Nadia Iman
I haven’t seen the video but from what I gathered in the comments, he’s basically saying “sorry i got caught, i’m young and healthy, it was a mistake” yikes 😳 ~Nadia Iman
While I understand that he made a terrible thing that justifies much disappointment . I think that instead of judging and attacking, the situation should be addressed with empathy.
"I live alone so i won't be putting anyone else at risk", what about your patients?
Im very suprised the comments are off.
honestly didn’t even know this happened but i guess that’s why it’s going on his second channel. kinda was a culture shock to see someone who  preached safety, positivity and light and someone who i really looked up be surrounded by girls in bikinis at a party during a pandemic..... wow.
Hey doctor mike I just read through a bunch of the comments and Ik you probably won’t see this I just want to let you know that why you did was a bad thing but everyone does you know that I know that everyone in the comments know that. I can’t think of anyone that wouldn’t take the opportunity to take a boat ride when you have a real boat! It’s really nice that you thought about it but it seems that you could have made a better judgment call. Honestly though, mistakes happen and I am so glad that you are learning from yours, you are human and I hope that your situation gets better. I’m sorry that this happened to you and I am so sorry about the really harsh comments, you may have done a bad thing but you really don’t deserve all the hate.
Newsoms Jewish twin.
can we all just be realistic here?
Did his KGB genes kicked in?! Why deleting comments?
Did his KGB genes kicked in?! Why deleting comments?
Did his KGB genes kicked in?! Why deleting comments?
Did his KGB genes kicked in?! Why deleting comments?
I care about you i do, Iv deffended health cear workers and the scientific method for ever now againts "anti maskers and anti vaxxers" iv deffended you.  What i want you to get from my comment if you see it is, this appology looks fake and you made me and all other members of the scientific method that know you look like clowns. Im not mad just disapointed that youd do this.  [Oh yeah this gets deleted you wont be having fun as there are already claims of you deleting comments that talk about you in anyway that isnt positive]
Should have posted this on your main channel if you are serious. Really dissapointed.
Doctor??? What a joke
if you want to apologise why don’t you post this on your main channel, instead of the small side channel. Takes away all the meaning. How can you be a doctor and be so selfish during a literal pandemic? And don’t forget the fact that YOU were advocating for mandatory mask law YOU.
I get recommendations for videos smashing you, but as a subscriber your video did not show up on my dash? wtf youtube.
I haven’t seen the video but from what I gathered in the comments, he’s basically saying “sorry i got caught, i’m young and healthy, it was a mistake” yikes 😳
This cancel culture is honestly pathetic, he’s a human, he made a mistake, he acknowledged his mistake, he has apologized, he is taking steps to correct that behavior so it doesn’t happen again. While a LOT of people are sitting comfy at home collecting unemployment he’s been a massive contributor to medical media, as well as being a frontline worker. Like I said, this cancel culture has become pathetic.
dont know why everyone hating on mike :(
Bruh this guy i knew it man what a hypocrite
Admitting that I'm wrong on my second channel that is nowhere as big as my main one so hopefully this would blow over
Nice Apology kekW
So you didn't wear a mask on a boat?  Sheesh.  Get over yourself.
You're only sorry because you got caught...
Do better next time.
Science : wear a mask, lockdowns, social distancing  Governors, doctors, policy makers, nurses : "nah"
Good Lord. Not a SINGLE comment reflecting the fact that the best of us make mistakes? Disappointing. He made a mistake, he's admitting it. The advice he's been spreading is valid, his approach to medical subjects is admirable, and I'm not going to pretend that all of that is negated because he made a dumb choice. Grow up.
he's probably gonna do it again lmao
Don't worry, Dr. Mike. We are not mad at you, everyone makes mistakes, and your risk was calculated. You only did it once and realised it's wrong. And about those who are using what you did to support their conspiracies, they would have picked on anything else. It's hard to change some people's mindsets.  We love you too! Stay happy and healthy!
I AM GROOT!!!!!
Yall acting like this, what about your own fault. Expect me to believe you never forgot to wear mask one time?... mmm, oh its okay cause you're not a public figure right?
Yep, the harm is already done...  I do not know if anything can get that right again.
Did his KGB genes kicked in?! Why deleting comments?
Poor form Dr Mike
We still support you doctor Mike
I don't even think he should be apologizing. Covid-19 situation is being emotionally draining for everyone around the world. Other than a spokesman and a medical doctor he's a human being. He's made a conscious choice weighing risks and benefits. Plus he said he would follow a quarantine and some kind of testing (which on the other hand can be falsely reassuring) back home before getting back to his working routine. Let him be and breathe. For instance, I guess many of you are acquainted with a physician who smokes, and still he would encourage his patients to quit. He considered he wouldn't endanger anyone around him but himself. Stop offloading everything/everyone you've missed/lost and your frustration pandemic-related onto someone partying for one night, you might have even taken the whole situation out of context. To conclude, physicians are flawful human beings, not heavenly sinless creatures.
I care about you i do, Iv deffended health cear workers and the scientific method for ever now againts "anti maskers and anti vaxxers" iv deffended you.  What i want you to get from my comment if you see it is, this appology looks fake and you made me and all other members of the scientific method that know you look like clowns. Im not mad just disapointed that youd do this.  [Oh yeah this gets deleted you wont be having fun as there are already claims of you deleting comments that talk about you in anyway that isnt positive]
Hippocreep
Only thing I can say is how disappointing this is ! 🤦🏽‍♀️
*Me a teen* : staying inside for almost a year   *An actual full fledged Doctor* : haha party yacht go brrr with girls!
*Me a teen* : staying inside for almost a year   *An actual full fledged Doctor* : haha party yacht go brrr with girls!
Me a teen : staying inside for almost a year   An actual full fledged Doctor : haha party yatch go brrr with girls!
I can only think of how long he’s been doing this and only got caught now
Put this on your main chanel please.
How to make an emotionally manipulative apology: 1. Start with an unnecessary sob story about how hard COVID is for our mental health, which has nothing to do with your mistake. 2. Preemptively justify your actions before even making the apology by saying you're following all the local "boat guidelines" and you shouldn't wear a mask on a boat because it might "get wet" (just lmao). 3. Chastize another group of people during your apology (ie the people who are spouting conspiracy theories) to deflect from your own actions. 4. Post your apology where you know it will definitely get fewer views (ie the side channel).  Try again buddy boy.
This video was not it.
So fame changed you huh
For my birthday I wasn't able to see my friends and family - I just spent the day alone due to lockdown so I understand the loneliness but it's still our responsibility to keep everyone safe, Regardless of whether we are young and healthy or its our birthday.
You should have known better
God, you people are idiots. Spouting "hypocrisy" like you know what it means. "rules for thee, not for me". What are you gonna do? Stop wearing masks? Start partying out spite just because your favorite idol "betrayed" you? He's done more good for covid prevention awareness than you sorry fools done all put together.  Making at least 100 000 of his followers wear masks already outweighs his mistake. If we go by all the evidence we still have - he's a good doctor with more knowledge than you on how to take precautions in case he got the virus.  But sure, act like during this whole pandemic you haven't done a mistake like the hypocrites you all are. Feeling the irony yet?
Your words mean nothing now
Stone cold liar! You can clealry see he's only appologising cause he got caught. Partying with pornstars in Miami while telling others to stay home. What hypoctirte. No Mask Mike
His is like a guy who got caught when cheated on his wife!Totally bullshit!!Be a real good doctor!
"I'm young, I don't have any health problems. I live alone so I don't put anyone else at risk"  Yo, what about the people you come in touch while you travel back. This has such a "I'm sowwy, I made a mistakey-wakey uwu" vibe.  It kills you that conspiracy theorist use you? Hey. That's what they do, they see something that fits their narrative and run with it. In my opinion, you don't have the right to be mad at them right now cause YOU messed up.  And why are you posting this on your second channel? I guess you don't want most of your fans know you messed up.
The hardest thing in the world is to admit we are wrong.  Thank you for doing it, it matters.
Why can't people just say 'no' It becomes your fault if you just let happen.Looked to you as a doctor educating people but you just want the YouTube money. This wasn't just  3 friends goofing around on a, boat,this was a giant party.I'm unsubbing.Bye
Lapse in judgement? Nah. Pure negligence. Put this video on your main channel, Mike, instead of this teeny tiny channel. No excuse for what you've done and it's completely irrelevant that you've tested negative. If I was your boss, I would fire you over this and make sure that you never work in medicine again. If I was your patient, I would never see you again and I would tell everyone I know not to go to you because you can't be trusted. Go to hell.
Mike be like: “corona is bad       but so are those bitches”
As a doctor, stressing the danger of covid 19 and then go to a party without a mask. Ya fucked up man.
We’ve lost all trust, it’s gonna be a while till we trust you again.
You’re only apologizing because you got caught Mike.
*Me a teen* : staying inside for almost a year   *An actual full fledged Doctor* : haha party yacht go brrr with girls, your friend surprised you a boat filled with bunch of instagram models, it wasn’t just a random boat ride.!
*Me a teen* : staying inside for almost a year   *An actual full fledged Doctor* : haha party yacht go brrr with girls!
*Me a teen* : staying inside for almost a year   *An actual full fledged Doctor* : haha party yacht go brrr with girls!
Weird how you decided to post this on your second channel which barely anyone knows about instead of the your main on with over 6 million subscribers where you were preaching about masks and safety. 🤨🤔🧐
nah, post this on your main channel u wuss
No Mask Mike
Does anybody gets Homelander vibes from this video
Yeesh still doctor Mike did you have to party while the rest of us suffer  But still I'm glad he admitted he was wrong so I forgive you
you didn't "admit" anything! You were caught!
Sad day man. Really liked your stuff but your response seems cookie cutter from most and the fact that you posted this on your second channel says enough about your character. Sounds like you aren't a man anymore. ~BLOO
Sad day man. Really liked your stuff but your response seems cookie cutter from most and the fact that you posted this on your second channel says enough about your character. Sounds like you aren't a man anymore. ~BLOO
It broke my trust, and im not gonna watch you mike, sorry :(
Me a teen: *staying inside for almost a year*   An actual full fledged doctor: haha party yacht go brrr
lmao so many of you are so blood thirsty to cancel someone u do  the same . and u complain about restriction and dont reassearch about them.
lol This really sounds like justification after justification after justification. Wow.
Sad day man. Really liked your stuff but your response seems cookie cutter from most and the fact that you posted this on your second channel says enough about your character. Sounds like you aren't a man anymore.
People have missed their parents death but you can go party. What a Irony!
any tongue that rises against lady gaga shall fall...gagavoodoo at work🥰 you’re only sorry bc u got caught
Screw you Mike. Even you know it's only a cold. So stop it.
People have missed their parents death but you can go party. What a Irony!
People have missed their parents death but you can go party. What a Irony!
People have missed their parents death but you can go party. What a Irony!
Good on him to admit to it
Gavin Newsom did the same and I found they look like
Post this on your MAIN channel.
Honestly, I'm very very hurt and disappointed.  You were the one social media influencer that I believed in and trusted.  I sent my parents, siblings, friends and even people I barely knew to your channel for your Covid information because I knew you were working toward the greater good.  But now?  Yes, I understand that nobody is perfect, and at this point who wouldn't want to go to a big party on a surprise boat for their birthday?  That sounds like such bliss right now.  But the difference is that most of us are not social influencers who have to be a role model to the public.  You were the one who made me believe that there was hope that everyone could be compassionate and smart for just long enough to get through the worst part of the pandemic.  Yet if you, who knows the research and sees the effect one-on-one everyday day, can't stay strong, can anyone? I'm truly glad that you, nor anyone else on that ship, did not contract covid.   But Doctor Mike, was it worth the risk? So much for staying alert, not anxious.   If you ever read this, give Bear a pat on the head for me. ~ Casey
Lmao we’ve been staying at home losing our jobs, and this fucking doctor telling us what too do goes too Miami too party, when the rest are jobless and losing family members
🙏
You are contradicting yourself.
What a crock of SH*T. You didn’t let us down, you showed that the risk is low when you are safe and don’t need a mask when your healthy. You got caught and now are back tracking. So you practice the research. Just got to figure out what side of you two faces you’re talking out of.
I can't believe how much negativity comes from the internet. Yes, he is a spokesperson and he should have known better. But we all do mistakes especially when an unexpected event happens and we have limited time to make a decision. He did the wrong thing. No doubt about it. But he is learning from it and becoming a better person and YouTuber. I respect that.
He’s a doctor he knows the virus has a 99.95% survival rate. This man just pro closing for the clout.  Rules apply to you but not to them. Examples Cali governor going to party, Chicago mayor chilling with hundreds in the streets, and pelosis’s haircut. Just being woke for clout. Political correctness is a disease
The hypocrisy BRUH
Yes, you messed up. But you're a human being. This pandemic has been tough on all of us and who wouldn't have done the same in your shoes? I get why people are angry, but at the same time it is so unfair to put the weight of the US pandemic response on your shoulders. I still trust you and your judgement as a person and a doctor and respect this response video. You have done so much for the world in the past year and in my mind that is not ruined by one mistake.
😬😬😬😬🥴
Embarrassing “mistake”. You spent time calculating the risks and still went ahead with it aka you thought it would be fine. There were people on that boat you didn’t know. I’m amazed your hospital don’t go mad at you for this when you’re such a big face if the community!
Ur jus mad cause u got caught
Pendejo. You’re a doctor.
I got caught .. I’m sorry 😂
this is really funny to me i dont know why 😂😂
K lemme get this straight his name has ‘dr’ in it except during a pandemic (also he knows this) he goes out to MIAMI to party?
Oh Mike, i wasn't ready for that. You turned from good doctor to just another disappointment of this cursed year.
Florida's calling for u mate, go party there
mans scared
I'm only seeing this because it was mentioned on the Scarce channel. Are you hiding from your subs on your main channel? Coz that renders this disingenuous.
I don’t want to be harsh on you because there are enough comments about that. Just wanted to let you know that many healthcare students (myself included) looked up to you as a role model. You disappointed us, Doctor ~ Isabele M. Liue
@UCYDUKUpMQzBOnrSoWAy61cw I don’t want to be harsh on you because there are enough comments about that. Just wanted to let you know that many healthcare students (myself included) looked up to you as a role model. You disappointed us, Doctor
I don’t want to be harsh on you because there are enough comments about that. Just wanted to let you know that many healthcare students (myself included) looked up to you as a role model. You disappointed us, Doctor. ~@UCYDUKUpMQzBOnrSoWAy61cw
You preached about this pandemic made multiple videos about the pandemic and the virus. You are not sorry. You are only sorry because you were caught being hypocritic. People are stuck at home lost family members to this pandemic but you can even follow what you preached. You should have posted this on your main channel so you can get the real response
I don’t want to be harsh on you because there are enough comments about that. Just wanted to let you know that many healthcare students (myself included) looked up to you as a role model. You disappointed us, Doctor.
Have you forgotten the Hippocratic Oath? Your patients are of the upmost importance, and you flagrantly put them at risk. When did you plan on taking this test? After flying back to New York, endangering everyone on the plane. What a let down!
Have you forgotten the Hippocratic Oath? Your patients are of the upmost importance, and you flagrantly put them at risk. When did you plan on taking this test? After flying back to New York, endangering everyone on the plane. What a let down!
Have you forgotten the Hippocratic Oath? Your patients are of the upmost importance, and you flagrantly put them at risk. When did you plan on taking this test? After flying back to New York, endangering everyone on the plane. What a let down!
Have you forgotten the Hippocratic Oath? Your patients are of the upmost importance, and you flagrantly put them at risk. When did you plan on taking this test? After flying back to New York, endangering everyone on the plane. What a let down!
If he hadn’t been caught he wouldn’t have made this video
*you have become the very thing you swore to destroy*
He’s a doctor he knows the virus has a 99.95% survival rate. This man just pro closing for the clout. This is why I stepped away from the Democratic Party. Rules apply to you but not to them. Examples Cali governor going to party, Chicago mayor chilling with hundreds in the streets, and pelosis’s haircut. Just being woke for clout. Political correctness is a disease
Did your friends really surprised you with a boat or with a bunch of h**kers on a boat !!! I doubt ya phony!!
Did your friends really surprised you with a boat or with a bunch of h**kers on a boat !!! I doubt ya phony!!
Did your friends really surprised you with a boat or with a bunch of h**kers on a boat !!! I doubt ya phony!!
Dude..I truly would never thought I'd say this but I'm so disappointed. I don't feel like this is sincere. You work at the front line! You know first hand how covid is. So did I, and I always followed every rule in school literally desinfected my hands after every period do you know how dry they got yet I still had covid. I couldn't see my family because of this for sooo long like you know how bad it is why would you go to party.
Did your friends really surprised you with a boat or with a bunch of h**kers on a boat !!! I doubt ya phony!!
K lemme get this straight his name has ‘dr’ in it except during a pandemic (also he knows this) he goes out to MIAMI to party?
"Lapse of judgement" is a horrible excuse. You're not some teenager who can't make logical decisions for themselves. As a doctor who has put themself out there as a source of health knowledge, you are held to a higher standard. A MUCH HIGHER STANDARD. People will not see, they don't care. As you mentioned, you've given people a reason to use as a reason to not follow guidelines and nothing can change that now. The damage has been done and it is not reversible.
You shouldn’t have gone to that party anyways.
People have missed their parents death but you can go party. What a Irony!
blah.. bla... blah..  i love you guys, i mess up and wont do it again , im human,  how many times have we seen the same old excuses... by the so called influencers on youtube....after nearly 9months of virus lock down ...wear your masks ,wash hands, keep ur distance... and a flipping doctor  forgets what hes been preaching .... sad sad sad..... what a let down
I don't get it why did you post this on your second channel rather than your main channel?
I can't even imagine being a Dr in New York during the pandemic.  I'm an RN student in Canada just finishing my preceptorship and I'm already burned out.  Thanks for all you have done so far.  We all make mistakes, I'm sorry yours was just in the public eye.  I still think you are an excellent role model for medical professionals everywhere!
there's people who cant see their loved ones in care homes yet you went on holiday and used those tests instead, honestly mike what the feck
it's the uploading on the second channel for me. I don't believe he's scared of the feedback because he said that he deserves it. It's the thought of "my apology is irrelevant to my main channel's content" that it really kills me. don't forget Mike is not only a doctor but a social media persona, too.
Wearing mask in our country is optional now
This is why I only trust Dr.Pepper and Dr. Scholl's.
Did he seriously try to pretend that partying on a crowded yacht was okay because he looked up CDC's SWIMMING mask guidelines, FOR SWIMMING ALONE?  That's literally not even related you manipulative fake narcissist.  We all saw the photos, you were not social distancing, you were all over those random girls.  This wasn't an apology, this is gas lighting your audience.
why isn't this on your main channel :/
You shouldn’t have gone to that party anyways.
It's crazy how some people said it is just a mistake and saying please apologize him because everyone makes mistake, while it is actually A CHOICE. You are even a doctor too, how can be so clumsy to choose something risky and something related with parties and my god... girls, in the middle of covid19 pandemic. You even give people procedures about covid19 protocols etc. but you ignore your self procedures, showing how hypocritical you are  I hope you would be a better person soon. Dont make us disappointed again
I think you should have uploaded this to your main channel! That would be a good step to becoming more transparent.
Put this on your main channel. Its obvious youre only sorry that you got caught. You are not sorry for going against what you preach and want others to do. Cool to see you are another hypocrite liar who thinks "rules for thee but not for me".  People have missed their parents death but you can go party. Woohoo!  You know you are a big name for youtube doctors, you need to think of your actions even if you dont want to or expect to be used to promote conspiracies or different narratives to yours.
You're more famous now but the effects is now the opposite
Honestly, I think I speak for a lot of the audience that follows you for the purpose of the trust you built with us during this year, and the message is; we're disappointed. I won't curse you out for the choices you made, they're in the past so it's too late to do much about it anyways. However, this could have cost you part of your job either on youtube or your real-life job because of what a huge mistake you made. Doing better means following all the guidelines you've been telling us to follow since this pandemic hit, and you need to get tested, as well as everyone that was in that photo. God forbid any of you get the virus, but please be safe regardless. You'll recover from this error, just be humble about it and don't do that again.
Did your friends really surprised you with a boat or with a bunch of h**kers on a boat !!! I doubt ya phony!!
Did your friends really surprised you with a boat or with a bunch of h**kers on a boat !!! I doubt ya phony!!
Honestly, I'm very very hurt and disappointed.  You were the one social media influencer that I believed in and trusted.  I sent my parents, siblings, friends and even people I barely knew to your channel for your Covid information because I knew you were working toward the greater good.  But now?  Yes, I understand that nobody is perfect, and at this point who wouldn't want to go to a big party on a surprise boat for their birthday?  That sounds like such bliss right now.  But the difference is that most of us are not social influencers who have to be a role model to the public.  You were the one who made me believe that there was hope that everyone could be compassionate and smart for just long enough to get through the worst part of the pandemic.  Yet if you, who knows the research and sees the effect one-on-one everyday day, can't stay strong, can anyone? I'm truly glad that you, nor anyone else on that ship, did not contract covid.   But Doctor Mike, was it worth the risk? So much for staying alert, not anxious.   If you ever read this, give Bear a pat on the head for me.
how bout you post this in your main channel, where all 6 mil of your subs can see it
Did your friends really surprised you with a boat or with a bunch of h**kers on a boat !!! I doubt ya phony!!
Geez he is taking the responsibility. Why is everyone is so mad like take a chill pill
bruh my mans went to florida and had an acid trip 😭
Theres a saying that goes "It's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission"  He knew going on a trip was wrong, still did it and hoped he would just be forgiven.  That being said, anyone judging him has most likely broken the covid lockdown rules more than once.
Please everyone subscribe and watch ❤️❤️
I have so many things to say about this but all I can say is I'm just disappointed.
Not gonna lie, this is very disappointing to see. First of all, you have no idea how damaging this is. People will definitely use this to justify their own bad behavior.   You could have said no. You could have said that this wasn’t right. You could have stayed in New York. But you didn’t. And it says a lot about who you hang out with if they thought this was an okay thing to do with you. Who you hang out with sends a message.  Second of all, you claim to wanna “hold yourself accountable” but you post this “apology video” on your side channel with 62 000 subscribers and not on your main with millions. That says a lot about your intentions here. You needed to to better. I looked up to you and trusted you and now that trust is gone.   People make mistakes but coming from you, this is unforgivable. You knew better.
If youre sorry then upload to main channel.
Did your friends really surprised you with a boat or with a bunch of h**kers on a boat !!! I doubt ya?!
A total phony...
The longer I think about it. This all seems so immature. A 16 year-old wanting to party because he missed it seems kind of understandable. But a man in his 30s, a "man of science", who has two jobs with great impact, just seems ridiculous.
Really really disappointed. Didn't expect this from you.
That guideline said maximum of 10 people and he says they were well under.... but in the pic that I saw online I counted 13 people ....
You started YouTube to create trust between the public and the medical system. To educate people and build relationships. All that work is gone now
I'm deffinalty going to be checking your social blade tommorw.
I don't know who this guy is or what he did. Can someone help me out please
Oh come on don't be shy, put it on your main channel or is this just not that important to you I mean I wouldn't be surprised
I do not believe anything he said in the beginning of the video.
My friend, a nurse, and I will celebrate his birthday through facetime. He did the same with his family yesterday. I am a fan of yours since last year, I really admire you so much. But, with the recent scandal you had, I am utterly disappointed. Imagine your colleagues in the medical field who celebrate their birthday alone. What you have done is not a mistake, it was a conscious and selfish choice. And you're not sorry that you have committed a mistake, you're sorry because you were caught. Ko
"women and men" baby where can i book one like you?
I'm not even subscribed to him why am I even watching this
You didn’t “mess up” you were deliberately hypocritical!
This just came on my trend page. I didn’t know about this channel. Anyone has the original post or the picture of what he is apologizing for?
Have you forgotten the Hippocratic Oath? Your patients are of the upmost importance, and you flagrantly put them at risk. When did you plan on taking this test? After flying back to New York, endangering everyone on the plane.
You’re definitely on the spectrum lol
seen that 2 million people flew during Thanksgiving at this point its hopeless so don't feel like you failed us Doc we all fail
He cant learn from his mistake if its *not* a mistake, but very conscious and calculated decision. What he DID learn from though, is being *caught.* Trust me, he won't get caught doing anything like that again. Is it because he learned anything at all? *OBVIOUSLY NOT,* he's always known it was wrong. It's simply because he fears the repercussions. Hence the sneaky "apology" on his less known 2nd account.
typical of the hypocritical left.
You didn’t “mess up” you were deliberately hypocritical
“Social distancing is incredibly important. That’s how we control the spread of this virus.”  “By wearing a mask, you are essentially limiting the spread to the community.”   “Please, if you’re going outside in public and are going to be around other people, wear a mask. It doesn’t matter if it’s silk, cotton or surgical grade. The purpose of the mask is to limit the respiratory droplets that you put out into the environment”  -Doctor Mike.
Dr. Mike messed up bad but I swear all the people who disliked also did something dumb like this but they don’t “canceled” they just move on in their life like nothin ever happened this is just disappointing
I don’t know, when he says he was assessing his “individual risk” maybe he was talking about the risk with being a normal person and not a celebrity/roll model. I would say that if he was just a regular doctor, just distressing and having fun (especially with the precautions he mentioned), we wouldn’t care as a society; but because he is someone of high regard it is now a big deal.
Why go to the gym?
Real Doctor and Fakke Apology == Hypocrite Period (He is filtering comments )
Don’t apologize to us...it’s obvious that you’ve learned from this mistake, he seems genuinely sorry
My boyfriend, a nurse, and I will celebrate his birthday through facetime. He did the same with his family yesterday. I am a fan of yours since last year, I really admire you so much. But, with the recent scandal you had, I am utterly disappointed. Imagine your colleagues in the medical field who celebrate their birthday alone. What you have done is not a mistake, it was a conscious and selfish choice. And you're not sorrg that you have committed a mistake, you're sorry because you were caught. Ko
You’re sorry for being caught of the hypocrisy. Covid doesn’t see age. It’ll infect anyone in their reach.
he is only sorry that he got caught  F this guy for real
Saying sorry isn’t sufficient. It is a “slap on the wrist” attitude. Like “I know what I did was wrong, but I can justify it.” This situation also happened with Governor Newsom in CA. Hypocrisy shouldn’t be tolerated. Is disciplinary action needed? I can’t say, and I don’t think any kind of disciplinary action would even matter or be impactful. Because we don’t hold people accountable for their actions, We are too afraid in “hurting people’s feelings.” - The End
Integrity’s important. I hope you don’t lose track of that.
Welp that's it with me watching him now. Bunch of bullshit, should have known better and all. Put it on the main channel then and don't hide. Hypocrite
This is so messed up, the fact that you are a doctor, freakin doctor... and your mind get lost with fame, money, parties, girls, etc. So disappointing and it's so sad... 😔
Most doctors don’t do what they teach... I’ve seen many of the doctors I was learning under smoking during breaks while later telling patients smoking is bad for them. The level of hypocrisy is high but we are humans, we aren’t perfect.   But most doctors being hypocrites, people saying something and not doing what they preach/teach pisses me off. Let’s stop hypocrisy
I smell shite
You're only sorry because you got caught...
Stand up Comedy is a good job for you, Mike
Masks Dont work
Dr. Mike, I'm a biology major in college and I've watched your videos for many years. I truly looked up to you, but I feel so disappointed and let down right now. I hope you make better decisions in the future.
Your individual risk is rhat you might not die. But this "bad flu" that young and healthy people get results in long term lung fibrosis, potential cardiac infiltrates and GI interaction too. Its not just about the moralities but long term impacts that we know little about.
Gagavoodoo works 💅🧚‍♀️✨💕
As a medicine intern who hasn’t met most of my own intern class in person due to COVID, I’m honestly so disappointed in this... no matter the risk calculation.. you knew this was wrong Mike. I hope you stay safe and continue to reflect my man
So let me get this straight, you guys are hating on this dud for partying once under covid with few people on a *yatch*. Let's try to analyze things a bit hmm?   There are still re-occuring weddings in the moment...  There are small parties where people go in...  And especially small group of friends hanging out like this guys...  But hey, atleast this is not a huge party like what Logan Paul or his brother did which lead to a disaster 😂  Yes, I do hate the fact that their not wearing mask *at that moment* because their taking a pic. But my god, there is a poor community in our country and they literally have no signs of covid...  Give me your thoughts on why you hate this dud. And I will see what your different opinions are.
Ok
Why would he apologize if no one knows? Ofc he did bc it was leaked. No one here would steal money from a stranger and apologize b4 they got caught.  Your all dumb. I can explain why what he did was okay but I will not. Imma say 1 thing. Everyone who went knew the risk and didn't mind it. Meaning no one was forcefully put in danger.
I never thought I would see this guy in controversy. This is hilarious.
my disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined...
Ugh, I can't watch this. My grandfather passed away in September, and I couldn't even see him before he left or go to a funeral after he died because of how serious this pandemic is.   F you, mike, and please stop making excuses (every single one you made was bs, by the way...like following the boat capacities? for real? how do you live with yourself, knowing that you can lie so easily and blatantly to your followers?). Your videos were a real source of comfort to me during the pandemic, but I don't think I can view you in the same light anymore.
Either way you made such big mistakes and you know better, going to Miami is bad but not super serious however massaging random people and standing in large gatherings of people with no social distancing or masks is super serious. You didnt just damage your subscribers and viewers trust but now people are using this as evidence for false conspiracy theories.
Part of the oath you broke: “I will follow that system of regimen which, according to my ability and judgment, I consider for the benefit of my patients, and abstain from whatever is deleterious and mischievous.” -Hippocratic Oath. More like hypocritical oath right doc?
I think the negative comments are seriously prevailing in terms of popularity right now. Which is so disappointing. People are now saying that they don't trust Dr. Mike. Which is fine, because distrust is something every single person goes through. The thorn on my side comes from the people who believe that you, as a doctor, should be a perfect human. I'm not undermining the fact that you made a mistake because you clearly did make a mistake. But you spoke out about it. What matters is that you learn from it. I saw someone comment, "trust is like paper. If you crumple it up, it'll never be the same." When's the last time you saw a clean and flat sheet of "paper?" Don't let the negativity get to you! Stay safe and keep us posted!
This is what happens when you start treating people like gods. He is human and he made a mistake, like we all do. But I wish he would just have said "I'm sorry, I wanted to see my friends and have a good time for once, Covid is not that serious, anyway."
You can blame Trump, in my country we have hard working government that is having a great outcome.
As if him having a mask on would've solved everything, the problem is the gathering itself not that he didn't have a mask on.
I forgive you
Not the impact of your trip the impact of your behaviour Dr Mike! Slight difference.
I couldn’t find any positive comment and that is really sad. The one mistake he made doesnt negate what he’s been doing for months. Im sorry this happened and it is dissappointing yes. But it really seems like people love to hate on the internet. Mobmentality I guess.  Keep up the good work Doctor Mike, Im pretty sure you learned your lesson. Apology accepted.
Post this on your main channel!
you just disrespected all those people who died alone, who are suffering still the Covid virus, everyone at risk, all those who can’t still even see their friends because there’s too much cases in their city. and you are a doctor? no wonder we’re still in a pandemic situation. i hope ALL your subscribers and followers do forgive but NOT forget what you just did. stay safe, for the others and for you
Everyone here is stupid. He had a party. Everyone choose to go. I bet as soon as he left he put a mask on. And all u non maskers are dumb as hell.   U dont wanna wear a mask bc u dont think it works? Thats fair. But what about that chance it does work? That means u could be saving a life.  How would u feel if u knew u killed someone bc u gave them covid when all u had 2 do was wear a mask.  Some people are dumb I swear. Stay off the internet bc you obviously not smart enough 2 use it
He’s living his best life, what’s wrong with that?
Trust the WHO? Hard pass before, even more so with this. Go ahead and shove it.
I unsubscribed and thumbs down for the simple fact that this is not even on his main channel.   Ok frat boy; must be nice to have someone “surprise” you with a Boat. I hope it was worth it for the GRAM.
Hypocrite Harold
Correct me if I am wrong, but aren’t you supposed to not perform a medical procedure outside of a professional environment? The video shows him cracking someone neck which may be dangerous especially if the boat was in motion
Posted on your second channel to avoid as many eyes as possible. If you were my surgeon, I'd kick you out and do it myself. Less chance of my organs appearing on the black market that way.
You're not sorry that you did it. There's no hesitation nothing you legitimately act like all the politicians who are being above the law. F you I hope there's repercussions from this for a long long time.
Put this on your main Channel.  This is not a real apology if you don’t stand by your actions. Your followers deserve to know bc they are the reason, that you have and are what you are. You wouldn’t be famous without your fans, which also are those people, who has been by your side your whole ride on YouTube. This is only reaching a few people. Can’t see why you out this on your 2nd channel.
Ummm yeah as a front line worker who has been working full time, hasn't seen my family since last Christmas, and has been taking the pandemic seriously, screw this guy. "I live alone" my friend, have you forgotten the Hippocratic Oath? Your patients are of the upmost importance, and you flagrantly put them at risk. When did you plan on taking this test? After flying back to New York, endangering everyone on the plane. You are only regretful because you got caught. Imagine what your patients would say if they knew you attended a boat party.
No. You don't get to say "I'll do better" while I have lost everything sans my life.
I really don't understand why people are so upset about him following water guidelines. There's no point of wearing a mask if it gets wet and cut him some slack. He's a human and just wanted to have some fun for his birthday
enough of this cancel culture bullshit. everyone makes mistakes, we need to stop being so vindictive and punitive towards other people's mistakes and realize that doctors are human too.
Wow Dr. Mike cant belive you've lied to us and were willing to put all your patients, friends and family at risk. You aren't taking necessary precautions and that's absolutely sickening. Hypocritical, you should retire from the medical field. You're the reason we keep shutting down, and people arent making fat paychecks like you we cannot afford to shut down and lose our jobs/homes. Truly sickening, you've lost my support!
we were all rooting for you 😭
I know you guys are angry and disappointed, a crumpled paper can’t be mended. However, unlike most people on youtube, he owned it. Let’s give him another chance, everybody to some degree is a hypocrite. I don’t know wether or not this apology was genuine, but we can only hope that he will show us through his actions that he has bettered himself. Let’s not let this one incident dictate his reputation.
The problem with the, "I'm young, I'm healthy" statement, is that it's not all about you!
You forgot to practice what you Preaching 💯
And just like all the other YouTube stars I see no accountability from this video .... you said not even that long about that even with small groups staying 6 feet apart you shouldn't be going to small parties and you don't even truly see to grasp how irritating it has been to be following these rules and seeing wealthy people think that the rules don't apply to them. You have most definitely reinforced the idea that covid isn't that big of a deal to the people that are skeptical so please just stop trying to justify your selfish reasons for not following your own guidelines.
I personally don’t care that he did this because he said it himself, “I messed up. I’m human. I can’t promise that I won’t mess up again.” We all make mistakes and that includes doctors. Most of the people who got sick did it because they made a mistake. They didn’t think they would get sick. It’s a virus you can’t see it or swat it away and you can try as you might but it could happen. The important thing is that he realized that he made a mistake and apologized for it. Idk the full story about deleting comments and other nonsense but who ever feels like he disappointed you or made you feel like you can’t trust his opinion any more just get over it. He’s still a great doctor and he makes great content. If you respected him that much then you wouldn’t be condemning him for a mistake. That’s all I gotta say lol
Nobody is perfect Mike,  yes apologies dont fix things, as others have not hesitated to point out as I read comments.  When its heartfelt and honest I think it can do wonders. Apology accepted. Thanks for doing the work you do.
Everyone NEEDS to CHILL! Did you follow guidelines during this ENTIRE pandemic?! Did you not mess up even once?! Then going by your logic (people in comment section) what gives YOU the right to judge him like that?! Since you made a mistake, you judging Dr. Mike is ALSO hypocritical. Yes he messed up. He admitted it. HE IS HUMAN! I will let anyone scold him ONLY if you yourself have never messed up! Fellow doctors and nurses, you should know better than to bash him out for this. For you guys, I will let you bash him ONLY if you have been to work and home ONLY. No shopping out, not eating out, no ordering food, etc. If you did that, then you are just as guilty because you came into contact with people when you did not have to. PEOPLE ARE NOT PERFECT! If you think you are perfect and have NEVER made a mistake, talk to me in the comment section. Let’s have a talk
I love that! But you should have put it on your main channel❤️👏🏻
Can't believe that even  the doctor was like this.
the only reason he made this is for himself not for us that is probably why he put it on his second channel not thinking anyone will find it
I vouched for him and now I’m betrayed
You were supposed to eliminate the none  quarantine people not join them
Like my comment if you disliked this video...
f-you dude, everyone stay at home, not meeting families and you out there telling how we all should stay in and go party with bitches. f-ou dude ...
Hes such a simp ball licker and its uncomfortable to watch
Kids like me aren’t able to be in classrooms, Mike.
I'm sorry Mike, but you didn't screw up by going there, you screw up as a role model, doctor and a spokesperson of science.
I'm pretty sure more people are jealous rather than mad or disappointed.
Unsubbed forever.  This kind of rank hypocrisy we're seeing from everyone stripping our freedoms for "science" is too much.  A woman just allowed herself to be euthanized because she couldn't face the lonely despair of going thru yet another lockdown.  We're shuttered while those with "moral authority" mock us with their antics when they think we're not looking.  No integrity.
Me: not being able to hug my grandmother on her 80th birthday, not being able to go to my family’s thanksgiving dinner for the first time in decades, not even being able to give my friends presents on their birthday because they live with high risk people. Doctor who I’ve watched for years: *MIAMI YACHT PARTY*
Wait I’m confused what did he do wrong
-__-..  What a tool, goes to show that all these ppl are nothing more then talking heads.  Over and over people are disappointed by the people they admire and trust online, not to mention this ones a doctor.. Never practicing what they preach.. Not surprising since Philly D was promoting this guy since the get-go... If this guy can graduate medical school and be responsible for human life, we should really question how much trust we put in these people. If people still support this doofiss after they see his hypocrisy then only god can help them...His voice is some what annoying. matches his shallow personality and fragile ego.. Not surprising he's a Russian Jew, now it makes sense why he was supported and promoted by all the YT industry talking heads.
So sick of Florida being full of shitheads ruining everything for the rest of the country
Partying and banging like its 1999- just like Gavin....following "the science".
Betcha the main reason this isnt on his main is cuz then his place of work would catch wind easier and he'd probs get fired
What the hell did he do that ended up for him to make this video? Seems like he didn’t do anything wrong.
Mate, put this on your main channel
I don’t have the brain power of a doctor but even i know to stay home or wear a mask at the very least 🙄
It's not just you that needs to Learn...we all need to learn. Hating isn't gonna fix everything. Blaming others can't resolve anything.
yea well this is pretty bad ... how are we ever suppose to be able to show anyone your covid videos ever again? if those pictures are in the web of you partying ?
Makes apology video, spends a little under the first half of the video rationalizing the poor choice.  Yeah, no.  This feels incredibly insincere.
As a health professional I'm very disappointed. Maybe you want to consider doing some inner work about your responsibility as a healthcare professional because what you're doing is providing excuses and not really an apology that is sincere. I forgive your behavior because it is not my business it is yours. I hope you take the time to reflect and learn from it.
No you didn't make a mistake, you made an educated decision for yourself.
do you mean do better or just make sure you dont get caught next time.
Fake DOCTOR Fake APOLOGY= HYPOCRITE Period!!!
You are just like the mainstream media, lets follow the cdc and anthony and listen to the good doctor when he tells you to pump some gates approved nanofragments in our brains because that is what the "Science" says.  If im the conspiracy and you are the truth why dont you follow what the science really says....Oh because it leads to horse s***
Even if he wanted to bury this, it didn't work out chief. #12 on Trending.
Ah Mike. An example of when a Frat boy gets called a doctor.
I think your too hard on yourself. Everyone needs a holiday! F@k the haters yes your situation is one in the spotlight but you said that you took every precaution and that’s the main thing. Move to New Zealand we need good doctors here
Millions of students - can’t graduate.  Millions of people - unemployed.  Millions of people - suffering from mental health issues due to isolation. Millions of proper doctors and nurses - struggling to cope mentally. Every person who had a birthday - celebrated alone.  Elderly people - isolated from their families.  Mike - goes to Miami when travelling is frowned upon, parties on a boat full of strangers/ “friends” from multiple households.   But it’s okay cause he wears a mask when he walks his dog.    I don’t buy it when you say you “learned” a lot of lessons from this trip. There was nothing that you didn’t already know that you shouldn’t do, you even said you were nervous about it and did it anyway☺️.
Doctor Mike your fans are angry because they had respect and admiration for you. They trusted your views and your message to them. You not practicing what you preach is a huge disappointment to all fans. You have to understand that you are a public figure, just like politicians, and that being a public figure carries additional responsibility. More than a mere public figure you are a role model to 6.5 million of fans. You ought to have known that. Please post this video on your main Chanel if you want us to believe your apologies are sincere. From a fan in Mauritius Island.
Just notice but if u were truly sorry u should posted this on your main but nope (I don’t want to lose subs so I’ll post this on my “clips channel”.... ur sure you truly sorry🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
Biggest Plot Twist In History
From now on you shall be called "Dr. Disappointing Double Standards" till the day you part from this world. Also: PUT THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL YOU COWARD !!!
Why not on main channel???
Ok at least one thing good, best apology video ever.
It’s funny how all the celebrities and politicians who are pro-masks and shame people into wearing them are the same ones who don’t wear them
Put this on your main channel you coward
Please don't talk about difficult times like you understand what people are going through. My grandmother died earlier this year and because of the strict guidelines set in my country (the UK) hardly anyone was allowed to attend. I was lucky to be able to say my goodbyes. However her own sisters, brothers and grandchildren were not permitted to attend. We were not allowed to host her funeral in a church like planned because the lockdown closed all churches. So instead of us saying our goodbyes inside of her favourite church, it was in a cold, empty room in a funeral home. Instead of the whole family celebrating together to honour her memory and life, we had to go home alone. We could not hug eachother for support or even sit next to eachother at the service. We all did our part to reduce the spread and risk, despite losing our most treasured family member.   I do not care for your individual risk, I don't care for mine. But I care for others. I'm young and healthy but I can still be affected and I can affect others. You are a doctor, take responsibility and act like a decent one. Who cares if you're not at risk, other people are. At times like these people must stick together and fight to carry on. You may have no risk but your patients do. You're a family physician, think of the child with asthma, the mother with heart disease or the father with COPD. Be selfless, not selfish. Your behaviour, your choices and your actions, affect everyone around you now. A 22 year old woman should not be given you this advice, you should already know. Unfortunately people overestimated you.   You are a privileged, healthy, white man. You're extremely lucky, but with the choices you made your luck will start to run out. The nurses in my hometown are exhausted, completely drained of life because they work tirelessly night and day trying their very best to save lives. 18 hour shifts with no rest, struggling to help the amount of people suffering. Food trucks being used to transport dead bodies, their co workers dying from the virus and watching people day in and day out suffer the same fate.   Think of these people next time you decide to be selfish. We are all trying our best, we have all suffered in some way. You are no different. I sincerely hope this mistake you have made has been a hurtful kick in the gut. I hope you learn and change your ways not just for you or your reputation but for the people you are risking. May this experience humble you and make you human. Be the support people need and for godsake do not pass blame for this. This is your wrong doing, nobody else's. Own it and be a decent person in the future.   *A sidenote for anyone reading who has lost someone, or their job, home, can't be with loved ones, is isolated, suffering with mental or physical health. I hope things get better for you, for all of us and I hope we can continue to support eachother best we can. Stay safe.
Lol you’re a joke
Commenting this just so the video shows up in the recommended of ur actual channel’s subscribers headass
I'm disappointed to say the least
To all the people hating on him , yes he kinda deserves a bit of it , but not this much. He is not only a full time physician, he's also a youtuber , add that to the extra stress on him due to working and living in new jersey and nyc . He is a human , he had a slip up, chill, I guarantee, everyone of us watching his vids had a slip up during the pandemic. Plus he didn't throw an influencer party , he was with his family and friends. As long he got tested after the fact and followed quarantine I don't see a problem
He pulled an Andrew Cuomo.
You guys are overkill, the virus isn’t an excuse to be critical, and harsh. Mikes a good dude. Clarity comes and goes,  we can’t be 100% all the time. A lot more narcissistic people being spotlight now then ever before.  No one should have to make laws to mandate masks or social distancing, but general common sense isn’t where it needs to be to allow everyone to be responsible for their own well being.
Wtf m8 it's a shock to me. At least you admitted it and apologized .
"I really looked up to you, then I found out you tried to have fun during a over-exaggerated pandemic and you and others you were with were low risk, how dare you!"
You’re just sorry you got caught 🤷🏻‍♂️
When this vid popped up, I thought it was JJ apologizing for The Force Awakens.
We are all humans. We love you Dr. Mike! 💗  Don't mind the others who are just waiting for you to make a mistake so they can attack you. Sending you love from Philippines 🇵🇭
If he cared that strongly about it he would of said something man's just wanted some action 😳👀
Let he or she who is without sin cast the first stone.  At least he had the balls to admit he should have done things differently.  For all the jerks condemning Dr. Mike, let’s scrutinize your lives and see if you come out squeaky clean 🙄
Seriously, dude?  Why would your friends think inviting you on a boat with a bunch of bikini girls without masks would be a good idea?  Why would you think this was a good idea?  You still have a lot of growing up to do, including learning to do apologies that don’t dodge responsibility.  You screwed up, and you know it.  A real apology would be,  “I’m human, and I wanted to do something fun so badly that I rationalized away the consequences to convince myself it was okay when it clearly wasn’t.  I’m terribly sorry for violating your trust and giving more fuel to anti-maskers and others who oppose public safety measures.  I failed to live up to my own standards, and I deserve to be criticized for it.  My stance on masks and social distancing and the science behind it has not changed, just my realization that any of us can fail, even when we’re so sure we’d never do it.”  Then use the opportunity to teach people how to catch themselves when their desires are pushing past their better judgement, how bad to feel about it (enough to change behavior, which is why we feel guilt and shame, in the first place), how to atone (stop effing up), and how to find ways to have fun while staying as safe as possible because the isolation and anxiety are terrible.
This is probably the biggest bruh moment of any content creator ever, like ever ever. His whole channel has been about the pandemic for like months, and warning people, even even scolding many people for not obeying rules, practically projecting a sort of moral high ground, telling people to not see their families and friends that they haven’t seen in months that they should not see them because of the risk, only to throw that out of the window for a birthday party in a yacht gifted to him by a friend. The curb your enthusiasm meme soundtrack will be played for a long time after this, like I don’t see how anyone will listen to him about the pandemic seriously anymore. To say he played himself is such an understatement, like this is almost a betrayal of sorts to his audience, his patients and even his profession to a degree. Crazzzzzyyyyyy  Edit: oh yeah and it’s not even on his main channel, so it’s an act of cowardice as well.
Mate, it’s okay. I don’t think anyone would have done differently in that situation, u where given a gift and u accepted it, that’s just being a decent and grateful human being. U did the research and the risk levels were fine. Don’t listen to the haters boo🥰
Dr. Mike repeat after me "I will do better"
wow what a hypocrite
I disliked, I smell caps🥱
Something tells me he won't be a doctor for long after this, as he shouldn't.
Why is it that the people who are most high and mighty about "the dangers of COVID-19 and why you should stay at home to save Nana" are the ones so proficient with breaking their own rules?
at least u admit your mistakes and i forgive u. we all arent perfect
Everyone is honestly so quick to cancel, let the dude enjoy his party Damit! He was planning to isolate after, tested negative for covid, you people need to let this go. This pandemic has gotten everyone so paranoid and made you lot forget that physical healthisnt the only thing in peoples minds. Mental Health is as important, if he messed up we should be happy nothing negative came out it, he made a video reinforcing the importance of mask now you all needs to chill!
i spent 10 months not seeing my mother, spending my 18th birthday without my friends and family, seeing my roomate lose her father while being hundreds of miles away from her mother, and now that i am home with my family, i can't see them because both of my parents are covid positive. none of us ever let our guard down. yet we're all affected by covid. we're all scared and stressed and tired. how could you
your a grub you defiantly do not deserve the title 'Dr'
Common sense??? Practice what you preach.
Cant trust a normal person who goes against their own advice, let alone a Physician who knows the impact of the pandemic. Shameful!
Anyone feel like he's doing a 'test apology' on this 2nd account, (that i'm only now finding out about), and he is gonna take all the critical feedback and rephrase/polish it a bit then do another 'apology' on his main channel? Just a hunch
4:45 ❤ i feel u man
What did he do?
Someone make this a meme template so it goes viral and everyone can see what a scumbag he is
"Rules for thee, but not for me"
So...is this admitting you made a mistake or justifying your actions and deflecting? Edited to add: Cause I’m pretty sure you not wearing a mask and not social distancing for the group photo isn’t according to the CDC guidelines.
Don’t worry man you’re good looking rich and famous people will forget about this next week.
I personally think we should reopen businesses, restaurants excetera. I also think if you are at risk you should stay at home. I also believe businesses should make their own policies pertaining to the virus. I think a little bit hypocritical that you go down to Florida a state at lifting restrictions and go and party on a fancy yacht with some chicks. The average day residents of New York State have been struggling people haven't been able to attend funerals that's how bad Andrew, most policies have gotten he's almost like a dictator along with de Blasio.
1:24 didn't tik-tokers use the same excuse?
Booty will always change a mans perspective to COVID lmao.
So much love and respect, Dr. Mike. Learning is a lifelong process, and you're Human! We live, we learn. 💕🤟🏻
It’s calm, everyone makes mistakes. We learn and move.
Questions   1) Did he quarantine for 2 weeks after returning home?   2) If not did he work or go places before the videos came out?   3) If he did and put people at risk does he have to meet with a medical board to see if his medical license is suspended. Like how they do with doctors who get DUIs or Drug “charges”.
You’re allowed to be human.
I don’t understand why many of us are criticizing Dr. Mike. We all make mistakes, and it is scary to admit when we are wrong. We are all human. Let’s be kind, because clearly he has self reflected. Why are we trying to harm someone with words and excessive criticism when they already feel guilty about their actions? Also I see so many people using phrases and sayings, but from a psychological point of view, these don’t always accurately describe human nature and often times contradict each other. Let’s forgive. Trust can be mended, no it is not permanently lost. Let’s be compassionate, we all make mistakes, even the best of us.
Lol I’m sure majority of the people commenting it’s a choice have done the same thing 🙄. No one has stayed home this whole time and not gone out. Especially when half the country refuses to wear masks and social distance anyway
How about you man up and post this on your main channel. /s Oh wait many people dont know about you even doing this so just do this  little tiny video where noone watches it then you wont get in as much trouble/
Im unsubscribing to this dude.
Don’t try to BS us, you don’t care, Nancy Pelosi doesn’t care, Andrew Cuomo, Gavin Newsom, Dustin Corcoran, C.M.A. lobbyists don’t care, all these experts and leaders don’t care because they know a .004 fatality rate is nothing to fuss over. you were enjoying yourself and no one will blame you for it, until you tell everyone else they can’t go to their jobs and live their lives while you “experts” go to parties and restaurants.
yeah, you take that L Dr. Mike.
I've already seen some mistakes of social media influences (like Korean Englishmen accepting birthday gifts at his doorstep) but typically they're are just stupid kids not fully understanding the situation. You on the other hand have seen how it crippled the healthcare system around the world, what it does to your colleagues you work with, what it can do to people,... Even if what you are saying is according to the official guidelines and you didn't do anything wrong, you show that it does not apply to you because you are rich. You have the ability to fly to Miami, rent a boat and party while others are not as fortunate and simply can't afford finding loopholes in the rules (you are even a doctor, why are you even trying to find loopholes in it?). In your apology, you blame the non believers for using your messup to enforce their message is completely on you! Are you surprised that they use "the best of us" and using this mistake to tell their story? You are giving them the loaded gun, you are showing that the government message does not apply to you, it is all on you. You are 100 times worse as these non believers as you claim to be spreading knowledge on the topic and people trust(ed) and believe(d) you.  I hope you re-evaluate what you are doing here and come up with a better apology when you are confronted with the nurses and other healthcare personnel you daily work with. They will need it!
Dr Mike I live in Miami and I know how much people can get carried away with frivolous things that can cloud their judgment, I hope this reaches you, but trust me when I say that you are one of the few people that truly champion truth, honesty and integrity not only in the YouTube space but also in the “influencer” space... To all the people that cast judgement upon him like you’ve never made an embarrassing mistake in your lives, I’ve made more than a fare share of them, but I can tell you, although he made a mistake, screw it, give him the benefit of the doubt, I’ve learned more from him in the past year than I had in the last ten, so don’t be so quick to judge
🤨 Seriously when I saw the photos I’m thinking this comes off as regular party between friends if the problem is because it’s outside that I can understand
1:00 : "Boats 36 feet or greater: Eight adults maximum". there are clearly not eight people on that boat. why didn't you show the image of you on the boat with an entire group of people? or even put this video on your main channel?
I don't fellow what i preach but y'all should 😃👍
The sad truth is that all humans are hypocrites
Must've been caught.  I'm guessing...pic/vid on some social media...?
Everyone does wrong once in a while, and it’s great to see someone who has so much influence and impact on so many different people to recognize it. No one is perfect, and that’s completely ok 👌. (i certainly mess up A LOT lmao)  Thank you for recognizing your mistake and choosing to use it as a opportunity to  move forward as a better person.
He’s right in that he definitely deserves all the criticism he’s receiving right now. And it’s true that this apology video could have been a lot better. At the same time, we have to remember that this man has done a lot of good and has the potential to do a lot more good, and painting him as a terrible person because of this incident is not really productive. After all, his message in this video (that the pandemic is serious and to listen to the science) is still good as with the rest of his channel. That’s why I will still be supporting him, but if you decide not to, that’s okay too.
Why is this not on you many chanel
Friends, whether you trust Dr. Mike or not plz do take COVID seriously... It shouldn't take a celebrity to tell you that COVID is real... Aren't all of those statistics, news and videos about patients dying good enough evidence? Plz don't make life/death decisions purely based on what another person tells you and always, always do your own comprehensive research and judge for yourselves. Just because you don't trust Dr. Mike anymore doesn't mean that you should turn around and trust the conspiracy theories (that COVID is a lie). I know most people here are just talking about double standards (and I agree that it is frustrating seeing this happening), but I've also seen comments that say 'I don't know what to do anymore'. In that case, plz keep following the public health guidelines as that is the right thing to do. If you were following the guidelines plz be proud as you were doing the right thing and your choice has definitely made a difference in decreasing the spread. Public health rules aren't rules created to manipulate you. They are rules created to protect you and the people around you.
PUT THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL BRO.
"Do as I say, not as I do."
Funny how you highlighted boat capacity guidelines ‘maximum of 10 on the boat’ - there was clearly more than 10 people in that boat pic
Idiot
You didn’t mess up you mad a choice that will stay with you forever and it will hurt you forever
Wait what happened? Why and what is he apologizing about?
I don't trust you anymore, but I still respect you saying to hate on you and not the system I MUST give you respect for that at least
I’m disappointed
who thought it was a good idea to post this picture on the internet XD
Doctor mike u shouldn't have messed up,  ur a doctor, ur supposed to wear a mask man.
And now his career will go PEEWOOP down the drain. Never to rise again.
the fact that this 2nd channel of him got increase of subs from 57k to 62k despite the criticism bandwagon on him really got me  oh i’m one of the subscribers hehe😜
Just gonna put a good old. Dissapointed. Lots of people didnt get to celebrate birthdays. No they stayed at home and wore masks like YOU advised. All you have done is said "i wore masks...just not when it really counted" way to add fuel to the fire that is conspiracy theorists and that is all your own doing. Honestly if it wasnt for twitter i NEVER would have seen this apology. You owe it to put this all up on your main channel so people know you have been hypocrite. Like i said im just really disappointed.
Disgusting. Playing innocent while thousands die at the hands of people like you.
disappointed. I could do better
Come on guys.. he made one mistake so what he will never do it again
I literally don't care either way. I never watch his vids or know the guy. I just clicked cause it's trending and was curious to know what it was about. He apologized, he is getting backlash and rightly so. I'm just gonna move on with my life now...
Stfu
Wearing a mask when walking your dog on your own or exercising? I am all for wearing masks in public transports or at work if you're around people. But while walking your dog is ridiculous. You shouldn't advocate this
But why though. You were the poster child for me trying to convince people to listen when they're told to socially distance. I wish you either didn't do it or if you did, it would be in confidence and not public... Surely you must've known that if the photo gets any amount of traction it's gonna instantly blow up in your face? Why didn't you ask the person who posted this to keep it as a personal memory instead of just uploading it to their socials?
You put in the description that you have tested negative for COVID-19 three times since. That's not the point tho, the problem is you preaching something and do the opposite. Anyways...
Still no clue what happened....Maybe do a better job at explaining the situation. smh
Jesus people he apologized  what else did you expect? at least he didn't do a 10 minute video with ads about his controversy with heavy breathing and nothing else
Y’all really makes no him seem like a fucking James Bond villain lmao. Never watched him and it’s probably gonna stay that way(saw this on Scarce’s new vid)  but I love the internet BC all these people standing on their soapbox preaching. I’m 100% sure that everyone has at least broken the quarantine guidelines at least once, idc if y’all try to tell me otherwise cause I know y’all lying
This situation is further proof of all the virtue signaling from media/doctors/governors/politicians ... its no wonder so many people think covid is a political stunt.
could be worse. You could be living in the 3rd world where guidelines and rules do exist but 90% of the population cannot or will not follow them because they have to get out there and work to put food on the plate.
You gotta love when the internet band together and try to cancel a doctor bc of one mistake. Yet ignores all the good he has done for the past year. Before you throw in a comment think to yourselves, what have you you done in the past 8 months that helped others? Were you a perfect human for the past 8 months? Did you celebrate holidays with your family and friends following cdc guidelines? If you say no to any of these then please reflect on your own behavior before criticizing others.
Not you. Not you.
It's disgusting how people can't attend funerals because of restrictions but Doctor Mike can get on a yacht and not follow guidelines such a hypocrite.
It's really hard to get people's trust back.
It turns out that money was the real covid cure all along.
he leaves it unaddressed- “you better apologise”  he addresses it- “only apologised because he got caught”  lmfao you can’t fill these people, mike. just know that we love you so we don’t want any harm to you, be careful and keep safe. you’re human and it does get messy sometimes. ❤️
Why is this on his second channel? It’s supposed to be an apology to ALL of his subscribers
The fact a DOCTOR is at a party with no masks or anything hurts my head
BRUH, ir says on the image you showed the boat was for 8 people. There were at least 14 in the photo we all have seen. You say you researched about masks in water activities, none of the people on the picture had masks.  Seems this apology isn't very real... I'm sorry, I loved your content, but can't trust someone that preaches something, does something else and then lies to people.
Would be great if everyone held him accountable and unsubbed or didn't watch his videos until some proper self reflection on his behalf took place
🙌🏽
Put this video on your main channel if you really mean what you said.
Good for fucking you that you tested negative. You got LUCKY. I didn’t. Millions of people didn’t. And you’ve showed us in your actions that you hold yourself and your rich friends to different standards than the rest of us.
Why should we listened to someone that doesn't follow the rules..
This is just SO crappy to hear about honestly. Like truly so disappointed. I don’t even get to see my mother who struggles with severe mental health issues. And yet here is a doctor partying on a boat. Also a question: His personal risk level part confuses me a bit, doesn’t he work as a doctor with potentially immune compromised patients and therefore the fact he lives alone is sort of irrelevant here? Just confused
Wow, this is truly disappointing...
This is ridiculous. It’s making normal people have to pretend that living their live it not worth the risk.
this comment section did not pass the vibe check
Seriously though, I think people just need to grow up and learn to separate the message from the messenger.
Y’all rly are so butt hurt my guy wanted to smash some Miami thotties😂 how bout y’all stop crying over everything and get a useful skill like my guy here who actually helps ppl
His eyes 👀 look so red
Sorry Doc, this mistake is unforgivable.   You, a medical Professional should know better.  The health and safety of other a rule that should be carved within your own heart.  It quite unlucky that there are other like you that have the responsibilities to protect the public such as the Governor of a State, failed to practice what they preach.  For that type of trend, I felt nothing in your apology.
*Rules for thee but not for me*
you disappointed everyone wtf is wrong with you
The fact you posted this on your second channel with 61k subs instead of your main with 6.5 million is just scummy.
I feel like our trust was kinda betrayed, but at the same time I respect him for coming forward and admitting that he messed up. I don’t know if he purposefully did it or not, but the fact that he came forward and apologised for his actions and, unlike some others, he actually didn’t put the blame on others. We are human, and I think it’s important for us to learn from our mistakes. I just hope he doesn’t screw up like that again, considering him being a doctor and stuff.
Why don't you post this on your main channel if you're truly sorry
people make mistakes. y’all seriously need to chill. it’s seriously not a big deal.
Hahahahah fate loves irony
Why even mention following CDCs guidelines, when what matters is that you didn't follow YOUR OWN advice.
Dang these comments are well...... brutal?
As a student working on the front lines, this was a heartbreaking discovery. I recently spent my birthday alone and will very much likely spend Christmas alone too. I'd give anything to see my family/friends but I want to protect them and the patients I care for. I'm so disappointed.
It's telling that you only post this on your second channel
You didn't do anything wrong. Change my mind
Bro it's just a flu relax xd
This nigga 😭😭😭😭
Hey let me tell you something   No one in this world is “Perfect”
this guy is a joke like newsome
Oh Michael. This is very disappointing. I was so hopeful that you would be different, but you're just another Dr. Oz.
Hey Dr Mike,  I thought you were a good person but apparently I was wrong. Don’t preach about stuff that you can’t follow yourself. I have had family members pass away because of Covid-19 and you decide to do something dumb as this? Well I will not be watching your videos any longer plus I will tell others about your fun event. I AM DOING MY PART IN ISOLATING MYSELF AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE AND YOU SHOULD BE TOO.
Even though I don't agree with Dr. Mikes actions and is disappointed as a viewer, I wont totally write off after all the good he's done informing the public on medical issues. No one is perfect and I'm sure everyone's done something they wish they could take back. Dr. Mike, if you ever read this, chin up. Remember you're held to a higher standard because of your profession but lots of us understand you're human.
Can you explain the risk level of putting your face on 2 other faces?
Idk 😐 that seems like the same apology from most YouTubers that have been caught partying. I’m young and rich and entitled. “I know better” “it was a mistake” & “I’ll do better” (if I had a dollar for every time I’ve seen these quotes), but seems those quotes are only when you guys get caught  Who knows if this Covid is even as bad as they say? Soooo many youtubers showing sooo many people partying... I’m really beginning to wonder if it’s as bad they are making it out to be!🤨 Just an opinion
It's kinda gross how people here still defend him because he's human. He preach social distancing and the dangers of not following the rules during pandemic and yet he himself broke the rule. He's a doctor ffs, he knows the consequence and he's a popular person which many people look up to. Don't go around saying "you guys did the same blah blah blah" don;t assume people does.
I have been a fan od dr. Mike for a long time, I really admire him. He gives me hope about future dreams when I doubt in myself. I understand that people are mad about this, but I don't think that he deserves all of this hate. He did some amazing things, he also made some mistakes, but for every mistake he made, he made an apology. People these days find it hard to admit and to take responsibility for their mistakes. And that's what dr. Mike did. Imagine if you were on his place, if your friends give you birthday present like that, don't even try to tell me that you wouldn't go. Most of you would. A lot of you people who write hate comments didn't follow the rules, I am not saying that all of you didn't, but some. And a lot of you probably wouldn't just destroy a party.  We are a human, we are social beings. But we make mistakes. I make them, you make them, he makes them. You have right to be mad, I experienced isolation, fear and loss too. This is a new disease, it's easy to make mistakes. What we can do if we make them is on us, somebody will pretend it didn't happen, and somebody will say sorry. I forgive you dr. Mike, you are strong, you are smart, and I can see that you are mad at yourself for breaking your own rules. Be kind to yourself. Please, because I know how is it to hate yourself because of mistakes. I'm glad that you learned something from that trip, that you shared that story and apology. Thank you 🤗💕   P.s. sorry for my English, I am not a native English speaker.
Give the man a break. It’s not like he invented the guidelines, it’s CDCs guidelines. And you should still follow them. He has been messaging the guidelines online more than any if you guys and therefor saved more lives than any of you guys, plus more. Without him Trump would’ve killed more people than ever with his ridiciolous dissinformation. However, people need a rest mentally from all the social distancing. People are like wolfs. We feel sad when alone. We often need a pack. It’s natural and it’s just as important to take care of mental health as physical health. So when we do this one thing, we go to a party,  we have a gathering, we hang out. It’s a risk yes, but as long as you do the planning and calculations for your own health and for others it’s fine. Thinking like, are you young? Do you have any conditions? Do you live alone? Are you healthy? Will you get tested soon after the party so you wont have the virus on the christmas gathering. And so on... There are alot of people partying and doing things without fucking thinking. And i would rather let and trust Doctor Mike to go out and have fun rather than like Billy who lives with his family of 5 and also keeps going to parties without fucking caring and also he works with delivering for ubereats and doesn’t wash his hands properly.
Practise what you preach.  You didn’t make a mistake.  You made a wilful choice.
I'm not surprised. As a subscriber it's very easy to agree with what he's saying. But this shows that he knew what he was doing. That smile in the photo tells me everything I need to know. You don't practice what you preach.
Thank you for the apology ! We are humans , we do make mistakes.You’re a great doctor ! You’ll have my support and respect no matter what. I’m sure most these people on the comments have been around family and have been going out. But because you are a public figure they try to bring you down.
-Dr- Mike
I am not mad or angry at you. I am just disappointed.
He is literally a dumb jock who somehow payed his way to become a doctor
Not a bad person, normal. Just can’t speak on certain issues due to hypocrisy
i can't understand judgemental ppl. He is just a human after all. I'm stuck at another country for about a year, i don't speak the language, can't go far by myself, my bank accounts not working, lost my job, barely having hand to mouth,    seriously addicted to the youtube or the internet and gain weigh, no boyfriend whatsoever, terribly missing home. So what, I'm not jealous of him that where he went or what he did, I don't even think he did something crazy like out of the world or something. People don't pour down your anger on him or anyone else who is kinda famous in vertual world. That's so sad. It's really easy to just type and criticize others by your fingers. We are all stressed and some of you maybe depressed. But just don't judge other ppl so harshly, you're not in their shoes. At the end of the day he is only human just like you and me, we brake rules and makes mistakes time to time. Would you like to get 1000s of harsh comments? Don't be mean. Let's be kind and understand each other instead of criticising, verbally abusing, or insulting. And I believe he is truly apologizing to everyone, taking it seriously and aware of what he had done. I'm grateful to him that he is such a gentleman who can apologize, and taking whole responsible of his action, not many men have this quality. Let's start fresh, shall we?
You should put this on your main channel so more people will hear this, like you said a lot of people are using those pics to twist you and your words. I saw some comments from your supporters feeling deceived so I think, a main channel post would help them out, at least a little.
Post this on ur main channel for a real response
I understand you have apologised i forgive you for that because it sounds real and honest but partying in not a epidemic not a endemic a global pandemic 60 million people have there lives at risk and your supposed to be a doctor saving people not partying in and passing on to let’s say your father or someone who has a risk
I just can't.. 2020 has shown my favourite creators their true colors and i'm just really depressed
I am so disappointed honestly thought he was kinda trustworthy and cared.
calm down governor newsom! We don't need us to tell us what you did, but to just quit what you are doing since you preach for the wrong reasons....
LMAOOOO ppl in the comments fr PRESSED pressed. Doc, it's chill, you're good. keep making fire content on the main channel. Ain't nobody got COVID from that trip lol ppl are being super soft rn cause they're SeNsItiVe 👀👀
He is a practicing doctor, so all I want to know is did he quarantine & follow proper procedure after his vacation and get tested before he went back to work?? If he put no one at risk then no problem now for the others in the photo probably not, can everyone quarantine for 14 days and get tested no & that's the only problem is not everyone can and his actions might influence others who will not or can't be as careful
That's very lame when u said surprised with private boat...u being a doctor should have politely but strictly denied the party...all other doctors dealing with this pandamic feels the same way... but patience is a virtue my friend... clearly not in u...very sad but shame on u...
Y’all need to chill yeah he’s a doctor but he’s also a human
Lmao all of you are bugging. This man doesn’t need to apologize for his actions. Y’all are exactly the same.
Hey Idiots i think he gets it. I KNOW all of you do this all the mf time...he did it..once
He got caught messing up and now he is trying to keep his cool but deep down he is freaking out because he might lose his job and followers. Plus doctors usually never do one on one care with covid patients or regular patients anyway they usually send the nurses to do it. Power goes to peoples heads real fast.
Oh nah, you did this on your own terms, and that's why everybody's pissed at you, not cause you fucked up, it's cause you fucked up WILLINGLY
Rules for thee but not for me. Sounding like a true democrat. You’re a liar. Everything you say is lies.
idk man
Great know I’ll see boomers saying that if doctors don’t use masks then they don’t have to eithe r
Man, what a complete disappointment you are. Putting this on your clips channel instead of your main channel. I hope I don't see you on Philip Defranco's podcast any longer. You don't deserve it.
This is not an apology, it’s a series of excuses.
"Transparent and honest" ??? If you were being transparent and honest this would be on your main channel
I'm sorry.I have told you many words.I was being very emotional. Because your life is very important for me. I love you❤ Anyway I am always with you💜
Bro.... U messed up. This is a one shot deal. U ll do it again
If you followed guidelines, I see no problem. All the people talking bad don’t take it as seriously. You’re outdoors, you followed guidelines. More than most of us could say.
Big yikes
Wow man. i cant believe this. Cant trust anyone on YT anymore can ya
Sexy girls make doc go loco.
Honestly do what ever you want but what bothers me, why not post this on your main channel? That makes this look even worst, its like not putting your mouth where your money is.
Thanks for the explanation. When I saw the news article, I was surprised because I follow you & have been listening to & following your health messages. Yes, you did mess up, but we are all human & make mistakes. Hopefully, we can & do learn from our mistakes. I live in CA and we are in lockdown #3 and are under a 30 day stay at home curfew because our virus numbers are so high. I go out for essential errands only as I have a compromised immune system. Thank God I haven't gotten covid, but I did spend some quality time in the ER due to bronchitis. While I was there, I was tested for covid and the test came back negative. Stay safe, Dr. Mike.
Wake up people !!!! Hello!! Anybody there!!!???? It’s about time you all realized you’re being played 😂😂😂😂😂
My respect for -Dr.- Mike after seeing the photo of him partying on a yacht during a pandemic and making excuses: 📉📉📉📉📉📉
lmfao
Of course you uploaded on the Clip Channel lmaooooo
Y’all he has more views on this vid than he does subscribers on this channel, not to mention its trending. So obviously enough people are seeing it regardless of if it’s on his main channel or not. He also posted it on his community tab on his main channel so it’s not completely absent from there. Y’all should understand wanting to keep the formal face of his main channel and keep the content consistent and how it always has been.
why y'all negative about Mike smh. Can't have empathy for him, he's only human.
This is a B tier apology video. He didn't sigh at the beginning. He didn't dress abnormally. He didn't have a pet with him. However, he began the apology with something slightly off topic. This is on a second channel. His title says when instead of just "Admitting I'm Wrong". His description starts with hearing me out. I give him points for at least saying he made a mistake. Solid B tier.
You may have assessed your own risk, but what about the other fifteen (or more) people there? You have no clue what all of their risk factors were. This was not only a hypocritical decision you made, but an unethical one. If you really cared about everyone involved, you would have thanked your friends but respectfully turned down their party plans
Whatever friend of yours booked that boat is an idiot, and you shouldn’t be friends with that person anymore.
But my ? Is why were those with Dr Handsome up there, so comfortable partying with a doctor who has been treating COVID? That’s beyond SIMP level ish there
you should be a politician......
We are all stressed.
Come on!  Shame!
What?  Ugh,  queue the auto-flagellation.  Life isn't fair.  What works for you doesn't work for me. Get over it and let the guy talk about medicine.
Call me passive, indifferent, whatever.... I really don’t care what you did... it’s YOUR life.   I’m going to continue to support and follow because I respect what you do as a doctor (current nursing student) and what you do outside of that is honestly none of my business...  Keep posting content cause I’m going to keep watching 🤝
what’s done is done..next time keep that kind of stuff off social media
"I'm sorry guys. I know I didn't break the medical rules, but I broke the Cult's rules. I failed my purity test,  and now I beg all of those who truly believe to forgive my transgressions against the faith. I desperately need you to, cause despite literally being given a party boat by a friend, I still need to monetize your fear and uncertainty. Please, just pretend I didn't do that and keep watching my videos. I swear to make amends and renew my faith to the Cult."
because you have hot look, some people would stand up for you, but some people won't see people from their appearance.  some people would see other people by their actions, words, behaviour.
There’s a lot more than eight people smashed into that photo, but okay. Some people were looking to you for guidance. This is not what I expected from a doctor after this many people have died. Who the hell wants to celebrate anything these days lol.
Not even in his main account… smh
You didn't make a mistake, you made a choice. A choice that could cost lives by your example. Incredibly disappointing.
We’re all tired of this pandemic. We all make mistakes. We are all trying our best to do the right thing. Thank you for addressing this!
The honest answer:  "Look guys, I was tryna smash and the tiddys overruled logic."
this... is honestly disappointing. i've found your channel during the pandemic and i was awed because a doctor is trying to reach out to people, making a closer connection with them. i've binged most of your videos and practically looked up to you because i am also taking a path to medicine - i wanna help people, too, no matter how scratched that sounds. i wanted to have a role model; i thought i found it.   i don't know if you ever deserve to be looked upon now. you've let us down.
Bully him doesn't help. Y'all misconstrued his words in the comments. If he was to do something to himself due to this kind of bullying, yall would feel remorseful. He apologize. Do not bully or continue to dehumanize him
Excuses, Excuses, Excuses! STOP with the excuses. By you doing that YOU downplay the risks. Do you deserve to have downtime? YES! Absolutely.  SAFELY! You are 31 years old. Aren't you a bit too old for Fratboy mentality? because that is what that was. You were acting like a 19 year old fratboy. these choices you made reflect directly on your character. you just gave the message that it's okay to ignore the "guidelines" I am a 47 year old nursing student. I would have LOVED to been able to say goodbye to my youngest son as he left for Navy boot camp. But because of the nature of my job and what I do at school,  I couldn't. I said goodbye to him through a pane of glass not knowing when the next time is I will see him. Thanks, Dr. Mike for making me feel oh so much better about my choice to protect him and the other recruits. your arrogance is palpable, and I can't follow you anymore! I'll stick with Dr. Zdogg MD
The people who natter and nag everyone else the most are the ones most likely to be complete hypocrites. Thanks for proving that once again, just like Cuomo, just like Feinstein, just like Newsome, just like Fauci...  You didn't make a "mistake", you just chose to ignore what all of you lecture the rest of us about, which demonstrates that even you don't really believe the hysterical paranoia.
I could have taken you more serious if you had just apologized and admit you were wrong, but you started the video trying to excuse your actions. This makes me sad cause I look up to you and trust your advice. I don’t think people are going to take you serious now with COVID related stuff.
Do as I say not as I do
How many of you wear masks when you "go for a quickie to the shop". Just shut up. Doctors and celebrities are people and make mistakes. Why is it like that, when someone makes a mistake and suddenly all their "fans" turn on them. That's sick.
I'm not quite sure what everyone wants him to do now...like why continue to crucify him? Keep spreading his positive and accurate information and forgive a human for his mistake. He is admitting that he was wrong. Keep elevating the mistake he made and it erases all the positive things he does!
and this was the moment Dr. Mike's YouTube career ended.
Wait what happened?
Guys, yes he should’ve posted this on his main channel I 100% agree with there’s nothing I can do to help him with that but everyone makes mistakes people. We’re all human doesn’t matter if he’s a physician or not so please don’t be so harsh with your hate comments because yes he did something wrong and we can’t really give him excuses but at the same time human weren’t created to be perfect we make mistakes even tho we know it’s wrong. I’m sure he know what he did and I’m glad everyone is safe and no one is sick and I’m glad he apologized unlike other people please take that into consideration.
Everyone slips up. some will deny it when caught. Don't let this mistake  haunt you forever. you know why you did it. hope you had tons of fun and are ready to keep on fighting for the greater good. Still.... I need one party like that at least once in my life!
he's human, people make mistakes. everyone in the comment center needs to stop acting like saints and act like they followed the rules the whole year.  The group that went on the boat and Mike knew the risk and they determined it was safe. No one needed to get on the boat if they did not want to, they could have said "no" but they decided against it. was it wrong yes, but it was their own choice. Thus, Mike thanks for speaking up and admitting when you did wrong, and to everyone in the comment center, you need to get off your high horse and apologize for being rude. no one is perfect.
) A seminar about the Chinese communist regime's organ pillaging from prisoners of conscience was held at the General Post Office Building in Helsinki, Finland on September 18, 2019.  Supporting Human Rights in China (SHRIC) hosted the seminar, and the speakers included independent investigator and human rights lawyer David Matas; senior investigative reporter Ethan Gutmann; Enver Tohti, a former surgeon from Xinjiang, China who witnessed doctors remove an organ from a living person; and Dr. Marja Heinonen-Guzejev, a public health researcher at the University of Helsinki.  Chinese Medical Papers Rejected for Failing to Explain Organ Sources Dr. Marja Heinonen-Guzejev spoke at the seminar on behalf of Physicians for Social Responsibility (LSV), a Finnish medical association that aims to promote health and equality in Finland and around the world. She said the ethical issues surrounding organ transplantation in China have drawn attention from international scientific circles.   Dr. Marja Heinonen-Guzejev talked about the ethical issues regarding organ transplantation in China.  Dr. Heinonen-Guzejev explained that two scientific publications, Plus One and Transplantation, deleted 15 scientific papers from China this August because the researchers couldn't explain the sources of organs used in their research.  According to the British Medical Journal, the authors of more than 400 scientific papers from China couldn't explain the sources of human organs used in 92 percent of their medical cases.  Dr. Heinonen-Guzejev said that Spain, Israel, Italy, Norway, and Taiwan have prohibited their citizens from going to China for organ transplantation.  Organs Taken from Living People Dr. Enver Tohti is a former Uyghur surgeon from China who now lives in London. He said the Chinese regime has treated about a million Uyghur prisoners as living “organ donors,” just as it does to Falun Gong practitioners.  He noted that patients in China have to wait only a week to obtain a matching organ. He also showed a picture of a special lane at an airport in China that is specifically used for transporting organs that have been taken from living people. The audience was shocked to hear that Hunan Provincial People's Hospital had once run promotional ads offering 20 kidney transplantation operations for free.
This is disappointing. We all make make mistakes. I've seen better & worse. I how you really do show us your apology with actions. I stayed home on Thanksgiving to be in the palliative unit at my hospital instead of home. However, if I was offered a yacht trip in Miami I'd find any little loophole I could find to justify going to myself. Pandemic fatigue is hard but we're not done yet. We all make calculated risks & yours was put on front Street. I went to a bar with a mask on & nobody cares. With great [influence] comes great responsibility.
Also, I only saw this vid cuz of Dr. Grande, bro. What are you doing?
So why aint this in his 1st channel that has 6M subscribers?
i hate the fact that the majority of the people he partied with weren’t even his friends but some models he doesn’t know and views as pretty objects to entertain him. they literally hired those additional people. it would’ve been fine if he had only seen a couple of friends, but no, they decided to objectify women and do so in the middle of the pandemic
Not a mistake, a choice. You chose to go against what you preach everyday, and that's really disappointing. Why not put this on your main channel?
The curse of being a health care worker, is that to people you're representing medicine, to people you represent health... Try violating the rules once, and that would be the image people will engrave in their minds for a long time
Listen I totally support you but this should've been on the main channel, and should have been unprompted, sincere, and well....   Frankly not so much of the uh unaccountability.
🤡
It's a no for me.
👍👍👍👍
A leftist poster boy is a hypocrite oh what a surprise  hahaha. Why isn't this on the main channel.. afraid it will get in the way of the propaganda and fear mongering?
I’m disappointed but also i had a feeling this would happen. If what he said is true and it was a surprise I understand why he found it hard to say no...not justifying what he did just pointing out the obvious. I think many in his situation would do what he did and go along with the surprise which is very sad. He had the urge to have fun which I completely understand but a smart doctor like him should have been able to say no despite the social influence. Ugh we’re only human. We make mistakes, say things like I’ll do or not do this and end up doing the opposite. We are social beings and love being around people so this pandemic has been really difficult on everyone. It’s easy being a hypocrite, there might be some people in the comments who have visited other households but are focused on blaming Mike. He should not have done it. He tested negative 3 times, he was lucky. Not everyone is! Be safe and kind.
Hey bro have ur yacht party if u want to! It’s ur life so do what u want! “Your body your choice” correct? So why is it a big deal for him to DO WHAT HE WANTS WITH HIS LIFE! I hate tree hugger snowflakes🙄
The fact that you haven't uploaded this to your main channel yet tells me just how much accountability you are taking. So dissapointed.
promise to post it on your other channel with more viewers you coward. i have family who are first responders literally going through hell. practice what you preach.
Lol i knew there was something i never liked about this guy. I always got a narcissist vibe from him😂😂😂
Why is this not on your main channel?
We have been in a global pandemic for almost 10 months now. I think there is a side of everyone that is experiencing the pandemic fatigue and it's resulting in questionable decisions.  I've been pretty good with the whole pandemic, ordering my groceries, limiting contact, social distancing, zoom calls to connect with friends. But there was a point that I found myself looking to feel 'normal' and I went out shopping, not for things I needed, just to browse. Yes, it may not have as much of an impact as Dr Mike but it is my piece of the pandemic responsibility pie that I neglected. It's not right, I potentially put myself and others at risk, even though I was cautious. I think people are just at a fatigued state right now and are searching for an ounce of normalcy.   We need to be kind to others and ourselves. But we do also need that nudge to say 'smarten up'.  Dr Mike may have made a bad decision but I still trust his research.
What do you mean you went there with your own risk???? Who will take may risk????? Do you know if something happened  to you , I would die! Because I love you sooo much.... 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Hypocrisy aside, I was disappointed seeing pics of Dr. Mike in that type of environment altogether. Those are the type of photos I expect to see of Jake Paul and other classless influencers. Just not a good look on so many levels
As I look through all this comments I see only one positive comment out of thousands right now. He is human and he’s not perfect. Leave him alone. Through this pandemic and this race war we are divided and tearing each other down.  This  is no different, he admitted to his mistake and he said he was sorry it’s an apology, now people may not accept it but at least he said it and he seemed genuinely sorry about what happened. Dr. Mike if you ever get the chance to read this one comment I hope it will make you smile. Out of all the negative day in and day out that you get. I will always love your videos and continue to support you, bear and, your channel.   Much love,  AK
We all make mistakes. Juz be better. God bless!!!
I just don’t know how to feel it’s a doctor but doctors are humans too so I get it I have to admit I’m not the best at this either I still go to family gatherings and my mom has COVID-19 and for while we were handing it pretty safely but now it’s all lose  even though you’re low risk you can still give it to someone else my mom got it from her boss and her boss got it from his daughter who is out partying and now the whole staff is sick because they weren’t taking proper precautions
Only cos you got caught.
Wow, a human made a mistake, that’s crazy. I’m calling the cops! If you’re going to question my stance on the pandemic :the first 2 months (initial shutdown of my state March-May) I didn’t leave the house ONCE. I even ordered my groceries. I wipe everything brought from the outside world, etc.   He is a human who thought that what he did was okay because he researched and followed CDC Guidelines on gatherings. That’s it. He is now telling his audience that he apologizes for his actions. What do y’all want him to do? Go back in time?! I think a lot of you guys are being a bit dramatic. BTW I’m not even subbed to him. I just see him as a human and being empathetic.
I think you should put this on your main YT channel if you really want to apologize. To me this is sad. You’ve been preaching about the pandemic yet you can be so reckless and absent minded. I simply unsubscribed. There no use of hearing you talking about health anymore! Disappointing and stupid move even from across the globe.
Very disappointed. You are held to a higher accountability and should have known better. You can’t preach about masks then behave the way you did. You have just completely destroyed your credibility and shown people that it’s ok to make exceptions for not wearing masks whenever they want. Dread to think the amount of ppl who become ill from this.
Bro, you did nothing wrong...except for going along with the fear mongering of the rest of the secular priest class of our Godless society. Doctors, "experts", politicians, media. You all think you can control everything and fix the world. But you don't really believe it. You know you aren't in control and don't have all the answers. And you can't see the bigger picture. Let people decide for themselves the level of risk they are willing to take (as you and your friends did). In America our founding fathers based our Constitution on a Judeo-Christian worldview. This limits government and grants certain protections and freedoms for individuals. We all end up dead in the end. Living in lockdown and muzzled is not worth it. This ain't the plague. It's just a bad flu plus cowards and authoritarians. Live free or die. Or stay locked in a box and die. Your choice ladies.
hypocrite
Thank you for your honesty 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 God bless you,,,and keep moving forward 🎉🎉🎉
Why you didn't invite us to your birthday tho?
What a surpise a fear mongering propaganda spiler of the government being in party with no mask with lots of people.
I literally spent my birthday 4 hours away from almost everyone I know and care about but hope you enjoyed your party lmao.
You shouldn't have to Google the CDC recommendations to know that a bunch of people in close quarters is a bad idea. And then no one was even wearing masks on the boat. You say you went over your own risks to yourself. What about those other people? You're a doctor; you probably have more potential exposure than the rest of those people combined.
I think it's too hard to try to live in isolation like the world has been trying to. The science might want us to, but truthfully I don't think we're capable to do what science says, even when we KNOW it's the best. We gotta allow for some sort of margin for actually living, otherwise more people will start making mistakes and things will get worse.  I sense you're not being completely honest in this video Dr Mike. I don't think you're lying, I think you do understand how it looks that you were on that boat. But I can tell it's not what you feel - I think you have mixed feelings about it, and you feel you ultimately didn't do anything wrong. You do regret it, because of the message that people took from it though.  I'm not judging you, I just think it's fascinating to see, and it would probably, in the long run, would be a lot easier for people to trust you moving forward if you were honest about it instead. You've spoken about nuance before, and I think this is one of those instances where nuance paired with honesty would have helped. But then, I don't actually know for sure what is going on in your mind.  We're all humans that makes mistakes, and as long as we grow from them it's ok to slip up sometimes. Take care. <3
To err is human. Don't beat yourself up too much over this.
People are giving him a lot of hate. And I understand the frustration that he did what he did but like he said he’s human. Humans make bad choices all the time. Obviously this was sprung on him and he didn’t think about what he was doing at the time. Just because he is in the spotlight and everything doesn’t mean he can’t make a bad decision every now and again. No one is perfect so there’s no point of giving him so much hate. He clearly understands that he did the wrong thing in that situation.
What a clown, this was one of the least genuine apologies ive ever seen. He knew what he was doing. Covid is so dangerous that you decided to have a huge gathering and party on a boat.
Welcome to Miami! That’s how we do it down here 365 days.
Y'all need to be nice this is a very rough time and we are all human and we all make mistakes...God Bless you all
Clearly you don't follow the advise you give , you didnt even post this on your main channel,  you know better then most how irresponsible and harmful your actions are , you clearly don't care , I mean come on , having a party in Miami during a pandemic,  this far into covid , and your only responding because the photos were leaked , I see this so often as a health care worker myself , the only reason this virus is still spreading is because of irresponsible people like you
I expected you, as a doctor, as someone who has been literally PREACHING about being safe during  covid for MONTHS, would have some amount of critical thinking in that moment to just say "No" to all of that, say no, go home, don't celebrate your birthday like millions of other people cant do right now. I'm severely disappointed that someone that I looked up to, and even found some solace in during this whole thing would do something like you did and then make a pretty tone deaf apology.
Yikes Dr Mike, I expect better from you
You’re so fake and I am truly disgusted. I’ve been following you for a while on your channel, you were my biggest inspiration for taking health measures. But your true colours shined. You’re as selfish as it seem. Disgusting.
Nick Cordero  (Broadway actor) young, healthy, no pre existing conditions... dead.  Do better Doc.  Signed, A tired frustrated nurse that wears a N95
Kinda sad that behind the facade of someone that seems like a caring doctor trying to educate people and convince others how to lower the risk of getting others sick it all just gets thrown away and he becomes a mindless frat boy once you throw a group of girls in bikinis in front of him. Shame on his friends too they are no better.
It’s to admit this whole “pandemic” is bullshit
Even though I understand that everyone is supposedly "safe" but this is a slap in the face for everything you preached about with covid. Its disappointing you let so many people down. Sad.
Get some bitches dawg, don’t let these haters bring you down.
aww. I really looked up to you, man. 😔
But you weren’t well bellow the legal boat capacity??? Why are you lying??? This breaks my heart.. :(
Lol I haven't been doing the right thing at all. Nor will I continue to. I wear a mask as needed, but wear it as little as possible. Pritzker says gyms are to close. Mine is open. I go 4 times a week. No mask. They say don't go to Thanksgiving. I go. They say have Christmas virtually. We'll be having it in person. Sorry, but this virus has a very high survival rate, yes even amongst older people. And some people who do have underlying conditions. But, the Flu which spreads rapidly and can have some pretty severe symptoms can affect the same at risk group as Covid. Yet, no one wears a mask for that?
But... no one got sick? You did do all the right things.  So you’re apologizing because internet trollz calling you a hypocrite when you already explained that you are not. Good job internet for failing critical thinking in school.  Like Dr Mike said, it’s not a one size fits all decision here.  I won’t accept this apology because you did nothing wrong.
I get it. You're human, and we all make mistakes. I don't have issue with that. I do question and want understand the notion of you thinking you're young and healthy, so that somehow equates less risk to others? HOW??? So all young healthy people can do this? You live alone so less risk to give it to others? You're a doctor who see's sick patients. You are a huge risk in just being exposed and maybe not getting symptoms yourself, but infecting others who are not healthy. Maybe I misunderstood your reasoning, but that part doesn't sit with me. Also, it would have been easier to take an apology that simply focuses on you, not deflect it on conspiracy. No hate, just please be safer, smarter.
I'm glad you apologised and I hope you really mean it.
You only apologizing because you got caught....
The douchebaggery is strong with this one.
This makes me sad :( I don't know what to say or think
Your Sorry because you were busted. Self righteous hypocrite
Trump 2020
Garbage.
What happen ? Someone tell me
“I live alone so I don’t put anyone else at risk” Wait, isn’t Mike an active doctor?
My grandma just passed from Covid and my grandpa is fighting for his life in the ICU without even knowing she passed. The hypocrisy is INFURIATING. Practice what you preach.
The issue is that you’ve been telling us that you believe the pandemic is a significant threat but your actions contradict that. You wouldn’t have done what you did if you actually believed what you’ve been saying. Actions speak louder than words.
Please go show this apology to people who haven't seen their relatives in a year, people who have had to spend their birthdays alone, and communities that are disproportionately affected by COVID-19 and let's see their reaction to it. You are a doctor, you are entrusted with people's lives DAILY. Yet, you decided to party with models, risking contracting COVID. There is zero excuse for your reckless and irresponsible behavior. It speaks volumes that as a doctor there are more people that are not in the medical field being more cautious than you. I hope that everyone else who is on the front lines, besides this egotistical man, is doing well.
Your lack of integrity is shocking. Put this supposed "apology" on your main channel, coward.
Be well and stay safe 🙂
I’d say just take this as a lesson & be more cautious in the future, at least while we work through this pandemic. Our time for fun & trips & gatherings will come! And we’ll enjoy it even more knowing everyone is safe and healthy. 2021 please be good to us.
"Dont do what i do, but what I say" XD I'm kidding, but Doc don't beat yourself down over this. Yes covid is serious yes you shouldn't party. But we all need a break no matter how big or small. You have done a great thing educating people everywhere about this very serious pandemic. Thank you
Lead by example, you are what you do not what you say you’ll do 🤥
Hypocrite.
...
You don’t even care enough to put this on your main channel lol but “I’m so sorry”
a boat full of broads in miami? guess i’m a bigger fan now
So, you're defending yourself by downplaying, and minimizing your wrongdoing, THEN apologizing... Right, of course...
Gotcha. So you went on a legal trip, then came back and quarantined, then tested for covid 3 times, tested negative all 3 times? I literally don't see the problem. Being on a perfect quarantine for 9 months isn't something that 99% of people are doing. You did literally nothing wrong that anyone else here wouldn't have done if presented with the same possibility.  Humans are far from perfect, thus we don't ask for perfection. Or we shouldn't, at least.
I still dont undersgand whats happening
Yea nah this isnt “Im sorry i made a mistake” but more like “im sorry i got caught”  Do better.
There is just something “off” about this guy.  He seems to be enamored with himself and his YouTube popularity, and much of his content appears to be juvenile humor that appeals to young teens. I thought his content was okay a while back, but now a lot of it is just silly memes, tiktok reactions, etc.  Plus, his “apology video” is like so many of them:  insincere and blaming other circumstances for his lack of judgement.
"I'm alone so i won't put any one at risk" Did he forgot that he is a doctor!?
“I’m young, I’m healthy”. Make sure you tell your elderly and vulnerable patients that you don’t care about them.
Very sad but true rich people get away with everything and this is a slap in the face to people who cannot afford treatment and have died he is a doctor so how could he make a so-called mistake when he is constantly advising other people on how to ACT in this pandemic and because he is rich he knows even if he get the virus he would be taken care of and sadly we ordinary people made him rich by watching him especially during this pandemic very ironic :-(:-( :-( :-(
That's really cool! But...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................Did I ask?
Look at Ellen Degeneres, she did so many bad things and still get a new season of her show. So I think Dr Mike made a mistake, but still there will still be lots of people continuing to watch his video. I am not taking anyone's side, it's just how people in these day are.
how can someone who’s whole life is medicine, and sees the effects of the virus up close be so tone deaf and party? i honestly don’t get it ... edit: just noticed this isn’t even on his main channel. genuinely lost respect for this guy
Dude looked into wearing a mask underwater?🤨
Huh. Somehow I totally forgot that when people are famous or have a platform, they immediately stop being a dumb human being who screws up and does incredibly stupid things like the rest of us, and become perfect gods incapable of making bad decisions. I’m so glad there are all these people to remind me of that fact.
"I'm young,i don't have health problems"  Corona: oh!, sorry sir u are healthy so i will go and find some one who is old and ill 🤡
Hey, I know you all are upset and to be honest I am as well but he made one mistake I mean who hasn’t during these crazy times.
Yikes dude 😬
Loyal follower here. I believe this clip demonstrates a true blindspot and disconnect on your behalf. If you want to rep a community (both the frontliners and as a human living through a time of crisis), **this is not the way to do it.** If you want to encourage bravery amongst your frontline following and maintain your own credibility, **this is not the way to do it.** You have an opportunity to address what you did head on, on your main channel, not hidden on your clips page. Now is not the time to stop having courage and avoid confronting error or failure. Hiding this on your clips page only strengthens the conspiracy perspective. Perhaps discuss how and why what you did might fan the flames of conspiracy theorist (some of whom simply see that time after time those w/a voice and/or those w/authority act in a "covid for thee and not for me" fashion). Consider how frontline providers are being told by their employers and local government that when they get covid it is NOT from working in the hospitals, but in our communities, when the truth is we don't know if that is actually the case. **What i do know** though, is that most frontline healthcare providers have put our patient's lives ahead of our own. **What I do know** is that most of us on the frontlines have missed a yeas worth of family time and holidays that we will never get back. **What I do know** is that some of us have lost friends and family. **What I do know** is some of us have gotten incredibly ill, and some of us have even fallen as victims of this disease. And, **what I do know** is that a yacht party to most of us would be the exception and not the rule. I will be disappointed if you leverage conspiracy theorists/theories as a convenient scapegoat that will allow you to dismiss the power of your platform and voice. I hope to not be let down by another person that, after finding themselves under a less flattering spotlight, suddenly decides that their voice is not as large as it was in the days, weeks, and months before.
If we keep dwelling on the past we will never make it to to future. Mistakes were made yes but at the end of the day nobody is perfect. Doctor or not. We've all slipped up before. Much love to everyone
I fail to see how going on a private boat by yourself with minimal number of other people, if any, and wearing your mask, merits an apology. I think you for the apology, but, truly, I’m sorry that you felt it was necessary, because it wasn’t. You’re fine, Dr. Mike! As an actual  doctor, who actually does work in a hospital, you do have to take more precautions than you’re average Joe, but you also have to be allowed some breathing room sometimes, too. Take care of yourself, too. All the best, to you!
He messed up.  He apologized.  He apologized really really well too. As far as YouTuber apologies go this is a pretty good one. HE KNOWS THE CONSEQUENCES. He's a doctor for crying out loud! He has taken accountability and you can see the guilt and sadness in his eyes. Forgive him for God's sake. Forgive the man for making a mistake. You've made some pretty messed up choices in your life and haven't had to face the consequences he's facing here already. He's learned the lesson and if you can't see that, you're no better than him. By refusing to be gracious and trying to cancel him you are NOT being the bigger person.  Thank you for being accountable Doctor Mike. I forgive you.
BOOOO!!! 🍅 🍅 🍅 WE TRUSTED YOU
Okay people. LISTEN UP! Yes, Doctor Mike is at fault here and what he did was a mistake. But he's a human. And not perfect. Now I am not justifying his actions but I am saying that he made a mistake like all of us, and he learned from it. Failure builds success. And without failing, you cannot learn. He has failed and learned, and will be more aware of his actions and safer next time.  Let's forgive, take lesson of this and move on. Thank you.
Medbros really exposed this guy man 😂. Fame got to his head.
Sometimes people eff up. He’s human. Let the man be.
When the doctors and politicians can't follow through with what they preach, it really makes you wonder about their intention...
im sorry but, yall r getting on my nerves. ok this man messed up, he made a mistake. he apologised and explained the situation. and yet yall out here saying he only did it bc he got caught. but before hand, when he has yet to apologise yall draggin him for not apologising ?!???? im sorry what ? yall r gr8 but sometimes you guys r just trying to find a problem with every single person, cancel culture rlly do be poppin nowadays, n it kinda sucks. the only complaint i do understand is the fact that this wasnt on his main, honestly i agree bc it shld be on his main. but still he made a mistake, he apologised and i seriously think we gotta learn to forgive instead of complicating and complaining about the matter more n more. :/
Why don't you post this on your main channel if you're so sorry?
he didn't pee woop
Well, humans makes mistakes all the time and no one is immune to mistakes but it’s hard to see you in a good light with this apology. Taking responsible and not making excuses for your actions is rather fitting for your situation. You’ve done a lot of good things throughout your career, but this time is not one. Disappointed but hopefully, in the future, better choices will be made and I’m expecting something good in order to compensate for the major disappointment you’ve caused to a lot of people
yo people chill, it was a good apology. stop with the cancel culture  that being said, the video's editing was a bit dramatic. no need for that slow zoom-in at 0:23. Keep it simple, no flourishes, this is supposed to be authentic and honest, yet the editing seems to contradict that. If I ignore the editing, it feels genuine. go figure, the power of editing.
I'm not even upset at him for not following the CDC guidelines this ONE TIME. I'm just disappointed that he didn't post it to his main channel. let's face it. I bet not a single one of us can say we followed CDC guidelines to the T every single day. We always messed up here or there. So as much as it rubs me the wrong way that he is posting his apology here instead of  on the main channel, it also rubs me the wrong way that most of you have this "holier than thou" attitude, acting like you have been perfect all this time, and saying that your trust in him is tarnished forever. yea, if you crumple a paper and smooth it out again, it won't be the same. But if you judge everyone by that standard, you will never ever be able to trust anyone ever because everyone lies, everyone doesn't follow through on everything. Such is life. And you will be miserable the rest of your life if y'all can't learn to forgive and accept people's growth. I understand that this just happened, and y'all don't need to forgive him right this second. but to say he is a bad person in any capacity is arrogant af.
With great power, comes great responsibility. Lead by example.
He's a classic frat party boy
If anyone ever thought our dear Dr. Mike was TRULY on YouTube for anything than to ultimately be an Influencer and reap all that goes with it, I hate to break it to ya, but here on the YouTubes, being a Doctor is not the first priority.   I'm not surprised by his hypocrisy nor him trying to cover this up, down play everything, deflect blame, etc. simply because after YEARS of watching his content it greatly upsets me to see a PRACTICING DOCTOR BLINDLY SPREADING THE GREAT OPIOID LIE! Due to doctors and people like good ol' Mike, Chronic Pain & Rare Disease Patients are being undertreated, untreated, & mistreated!!! Is it humane, ethical, or "Good Practice" that Patient, a HUMAN BEING should be sent home with ZERO AND I MEAN ABSOLUTELY NOTHING FOR PAIN AFTER HAVING THEIR LEG AMPUTATED?!?! I'm talking the actual legit leg was "chopped off" and this poor guy was then told to take fucking TYLENOL IF HE HAD ANY PAIN?!?!🤦‍♀️ Well, this guy did indeed have pain, so much so that it was unbearable to have his bandages properly changed and he developed an INFECTION AND ENDED UP BEING ADMITTED TO A DIFFERENT HOSPITAL TO TREAT NOT ONLY HIS INFECTION BUT ALSO HIS ACUTE, POST SURGICAL PAIN!! Thank you, Mikhal for perpetuating the Great Opioid LIE and contributing to the pain, suffering, torture, death, and suicides of many Chronic Pain Patients and Rare Disease Patients as well as our VETERANS, ELDERLY, CHILDREN, AND THOSE THAT ARE TERMINAL.  Dr. Mike seems like a "Skimmer" in most facets of his life. Not surprised this is on his SECOND CHANNEL.  For Shame, Dr. Mike.  And as a general statement, if you think you or a loved will never need Opiate Pain Medication, you NEVER KNOW what this Life will bring! Good luck and God help you if you're 90yo Grandma is writhing around in pain with Stage 4 cancer on Deaths door and she is offered an ADVIL for FEAR SHE WILL BECOME ADDICTED WHICH GENETIC AND LESS THAN 2% OF PEOPLE THAT GET A LEGIT RX!!!  Look into the REAL NUMBERS and then ask yourself WHO is behind the ANTI OPIOID MOVEMENT? WHY DOES MY SURGEON GET A MONETARY BONUS AKA GET PAID TO RX ME LITTLE TO NO PAIN MEDS POST OP? WHO BENEFITS? WHAT ARE THEIR MOTIVATIONS? WHO ARE THEY CONNECTED TO?   Every voice matters and again, Mikhal, SHAME ON YOU!   I STRONGLY SUGGEST you do a video talking to people that have fallen victim to FORCED TAPERS, PATIENT ABANDONMENT, BEING FLAGGED, HAVING RX REFUSE TO  BE FILLED AND THE LOVED ONES LEFT BEHIND THAT HAD TO SIT BY HELPLESS AS A PERSON THEY LOVED SUFFERED AND THEN DIED, EVEN AT THEIR OWN HANDS.  Maybe get of that literal and proverbial yacht, talk to real patients about what is truly happening and why. Put down TIK TOK and talk to me about how I almost died when I walked into an ER COUGHING UP BLOOD!!! I'll be sure we do it via Zoom and follow safety precautions.
you're ok Dr. Mike.  We all make mistakes  and we all mess up.  Hang in there.
Am I the only one who never really followed this guy because he was phony? I mean this doesn't surprise. I'm just happy I'm a good judge of character.
Wow 😳
I had a dream last night that Dr Mike was into me, but he was an NPD serial killer who was planning to kill me. I think it’s a result of pandemic stress + watching this vid + American Psycho. I woke up tired.
🙄🙄👎🏻👎🏻
Don't try to pretend like it was an accident. You knew what you did and please don't try to be the victim.
Ok let’s not act like humans can’t make mistakes. It’s normal to slip up sometimes. What matters is that he’s trying to stay safe and not be spreading the virus. If he messed up once or a few times during this 8+ month long pandemic that doesn’t make him an awful person.
He is sorry for being caught. Also post this in the main channel
You seem more sorry that you got caught breaking the rules rather than sorry for breaking them. You know better and still did it, pretty much frat boy behavior based on the picture. If I can stay at home and not meet up with people and you can't with an MD degree use your basic common sense to do the same, than this whole channel persona you put on in your videos is pretty much a joke, you are just like any other frat boy.  The picture has 15 people in it, so that 8 person screenshot you cited is irrelevant. This video is a joke.  You put everyone you came into contact with after being on the boat at risk, the front-line workers at the airports you went, and every store you went into to. You are the type of person that's causing numbers to go up.  "I need to learn my actions carry real consequences" Bro you have and MD degree and are in your thirties are you being serious right now. You have no spine for posting this on a secondary channel.
My brother is a teacher surrounded with people like this who think they are the exception and can just do whatever they want. He is stuck in small rooms with them not wearing masks for hours during meetings. Hes athletic and young but its still scary. Its people like you and his coworkers that make him think about quitting his job because its obvious you dont care about others when your convenience or fun is at stake
You must be really scared of Covid.
Some men own land near them stars, and you can work the land and maybe eventually fix that fish eye problem Abel has and eventually gain something from it.
A young guy on vacation with his friends has a temporary lasp in judgment, it happens all the time. (Hot girls in bikinis will do that to you). He acknowledged his error and apologized. It doesn't negate the good he does in educating people in a relatable way. He's human, give him a break.  On a humorous note, if someone watching this doesn't know he has a dog named Bear, they might be confused when he said he "wears his mask while walking bare". Maybe naked strolling  is a new fad.
You lost people’s trust.
smh I should’ve knew you were the worst from the first sense of fatphobia I got from you
Ok but does anyone think about if he wasn’t caught. Then he would continue partying and going around mask less. Then lecture us with a 10 min video about COVID.
Hey man. You're just a person, even after all the news interviews, youtube videos, and bear's cuteness on your instagram. You also have lived through 2020, much differently than many, and you gotta do what you gotta do to be healthy and happy. I never comment on any videos, but in the event you read this, hope you know- not all people care about what you're doing and we've got our own lives to mess up 🙂
Did he quarantine when he got back to New York?  Was his employer aware of his partying down in Miami?
My 9 year old loved one, who died in April, would be so so glad you quickly checked the CDC guidelines before not following them when you got on a crowded boat without constant mask use - or to even keep em close when you climbed on each other to take photos. I'm sure if we'd gotten to ask her as she died in the hospital, mostly alone, she'd be so happy inside that you assessed your PERSONAL risk and only looked out for yourself and how bad it would affect your health if YOU got it. Never mind everyone like her you could pass it on to (or your friends who thought this was a good idea in the first place) before ever feeling a single symptom. If you ever do.  I'm sure her as her mom and dad passed the 6th month anniversary of her death, not even able to Bury her until recently, they'd be comforted that the doctor they'd seen on TV begging everyone not to have medium sized gatherings or party, finally felt safe enough to party in Miami. While we're in the worst surge 4-5x over we've ever had.  I hope when you tried to slip your non-apology apology under the radar on your second channel, you stopped to imagine what the family's of grieving loved ones would feel in their chests while you spoke. I can tell you. It's pain. Just pain. A pain that will NEVER go away.  Rest în peace and safety, Charlotte.
My birthday is coming up too. I can’t even see my dad for it because I’m limited to only seeing people in my household and I don’t live with him, and the rules don’t recognize people with divorced parents. I’m not out here partying with 15 of my friends. I’m here. Alone. But I’m not complaining because I know that I’m doing the responsible thing. I know that I’m being safe and keeping my community safe. As a doctor I would’ve thought that would be your priority too.
Ummm the people who are still complaining have to understand that everybody makes mistakes. So does Dr Mike - we cant hold him to his mistakes forever - cancel culture is toxic for the very reason that it ignores human beings ability to change and learn. Please show a little kindness to the guy the good that he’s done far outweighs the bad.
Can't even watch it to listen to your excuses because there are none. Zero. Zilch. Nada. No excuse.
At the very least if he did quarantine for two weeks post rich boy yacht party, which i personally doubt but thats not the point, he was out of commission as a doctor for two weeks during a goddamn pandemic in New Jersey where cases are rising to the same level they were back in April.  At the very least, he left his workplace slightly short staffed unnecessarily when every person is desperately needed.
I'm honestly really upset about the fact that you had to come down to Florida to do this. Florida is having a really tough time with Covid and we really don't need another set of tourists to come down, party, and possibly spread Covid to more Floridians. While I don't live in Miami (I live somewhere else in FL), most of my family does. I have a grandmother who is 86 and diabetic, you and everyone else who thinks FL is just a party state put her in even greater danger of catching the virus. It's incredibly sad that the person who we trusted so much would do something like this. Would put people's lives at risk, especially when they know how bad Covid is, how many patients die with it alone in a hospital room, how many families are broken because of it. While everyone does make mistakes, this is more than that. This is a series of serious, life or death, mistakes that you made.
If you only said you wanted to smash girls that would be a better apology than this. I saw the photo and hardly reacted. Watching this video was horrifying though.
cover up as bad as his attempts to socially distance
Don’t get me wrong I respect doctor Mike but when he talks about how people need to be safe during Covid-19, but does things that are very easy ways to spread the virus makes me think that it’s all just to please an audience. To make it seem like he went to go see his dad as a kind act, and was just randomly surprised by a private boat full of women is not okay. Then to lie about how many people were on the boat is so wrong. I will continue to watch doctor mikes videos, they bring me entertainment and happiness, but this is apology is clearly not cutting it, I would appreciate it more if it were posted on the main channel.
Thank you for being honest. You carry a great responsibility, as a doctor and as a symbol of truth in today’s media, so your actions have greater consequences than most, for better and for worst. You know what you did, I’m not going to rub it in, what’s important is that you learned. Keep doing what you do please, and redeem yourself with what you do best
People can say you messed up if they want to, but more than anything, you deserve grace. You are a Healthcare worker in one of the hardest hit areas in the US. I can only imagine that getting sunshine and having a good time was much needed. You're a human being. You need self care, too. And sometimes self care looks selfish to outsiders. Thanks for being you, doc. ❤️
Who honestly cares you kids are lucky cuz I was ready to commit the next massive school shooting just be grateful this pandemic happened
you're sorry you got caught... say it. its pathetic. unscribbed and promoting others to join as a financial penance.
Its been. tough year for all of us! This is not an excuse!!!
I posted a comment on you main channel that got filtered out and also not knowing that this video or channel even existed. I am still very disappointed as I looked up to you. I understand birthdays are important as I have already has a birthday in quarantine and my nexts birthdays plans are so closed to being ruined as well. As someone who was on a cruise(a large boat) when this pandemic hit know that boast and water are a breeding ground for who knows what. You have been preaching about this for months on your channel and I assumed that you were doing it in your personal life aswell. Your friends are clearly not who you think they are if they would do something like that. ( all very hard to believe that you had no idea)
post this on your main channel
As one of the only reasonable doctors ive listened to about covid-19 doctor mike, to say im disappointed is an understatement ☹️
My family experimenting on me. I woken up bleeding testicles, needles into my kidney on my left side. What should I do! I've been getting for months
Okay I get that everyone's feeling let down since she went against his morals here but admit that most of y'all probably break rules every once in a while even if you don't mentally count it. In my country we break the covid rules a loottttt and we even have a law against not using masks yet we still pull it down in the streets and rarely get caught. I myself (while I do take the virus seriously) I have to take a breather if my nose gets stuffy from having sweat in my nostrils and my own carbon dioxide going back into my body.   Sometimes I get so thirsty that I cough which usually I can hold in but during these times if I let one slip everyone will watch me. In stores so many people pull down their masks, people constantly talk to each other maskless and even in general don't wear it unless a police officer is nearby.  I take it pretty seriously but I do break the rules a little for my own being. A couple of times I felt faint (while I am young I do have slight breathing problems) so I pull down my mask, take a breath or two, and pull it back up as soon as possible. I met up with my boyfriend about 4-5 months ago and we kissed a couple times in secret I'll admit it. But we still made sure we both weren't sick, sanitized like everyone else and had on our masks pretty often.  We all make exceptions and mistakes in life. Don't dwell on them. Apologize and move on and take note for the next obstacle. Anyways I've ranted enough bye :/
I have listened to your advice this entire time. (Except the "not anxious" part because I've been an anxious mess for 7 months now).  Definitely lost all trust in you seeing you do the exact thing you tell us not to. And for 7 months I've followed every rule and every guideline. As a Healthcare worker I've not left the house other than to go to work or essential errands for 7 months. So disappointed in you and your lack of respect for your patients, your family and the message you sent saying do whatever the hell you want.
Doctor Mike...you are braver than this apology. Post on your main channel...tell everyone what you did and just own it with no excuses. Maybe even pledge to bring on specialists that can help people deal with what social distancing is doing to us all in many ways. Maybe have a weekly/monthly segment devoted to dealing with the affects of social distancing and the anxiety of this pandemic. Preaching it all yourself is one thing, but as you are aware, it’s easier said than done...just imagine what other people are going through that are lower on the income level or even jobless now. You can do so much good with your channel on these issues and topics but you have to own up to you doing this...no excuses...and post it all on your main channel. don’t be a coward
Honestly I don’t care that your individual risk was low so you felt okay partying. Some of us don’t have that luxury. That privilege. Some of us are doing everything we can to make sure that our children are safe. Our grandparents. Our best friends. Everyone should be doing their part, I don’t care about your individual risk.
Being someone famous in media social right now is very tough, every move u made will be judge...especially if it relating to Covid 19 things.  Covid is very sensitive issue, how it spread I can say it still confusing. My mom say, her stay at home friend is positive with it, not know how she get it.
I would do it right away that's what makes me different then the other animals you are
I see no problem. I guess I just am a normal human not a follow the hate trend robot
why are yall so shocked ?? EVERYONE IS FAKE ON THE MEDIA   Nancy Pelosi got caught in a hair salon without mask while the rest of the small business have to be closed bc of Covid  Chris Cuomo of CNN while COVID + riding his bicycle around NYC  Democrat Gov of Cali got caught having a dinner with his friends after advising americans to cancel thanksgiving  The List goes on  Chuck Schumer  Mayor Lightfoot  Mayor Deblasio  Mayor of Portland  ITS ALWAYS "RULES FOR THEE NOT FOR ME"
To me what you're fighting is the will to move to lucky's spot, you back off when lucky barks and watch when lucky eats. What is it about lucky that you can't just take him out.
The lies you tell.
Nah this is bs
I just LOL-ed and LOL-ed for the whole time hearing his apology. He was not apologizing for being wrong, but because getting caught. Hahahhaaha
Also the fact this is under 5 minutes I cantttt
Just unfollowed! Who else?
I think we really should be more understanding, people make mistakes, so does doctors. I think when you are wrong, you apologize, own up to your mistake and avoid making them again. That's how people learn, if we all just attack and not give people a chance to grow from their mistake, we are even worse. Look, I understand We're all exhausted from doing this and sometimes people tend to forget (because we're all human being). Bottom line is, please get tested, and self quarantine if you're effected. Be better. Keep up the good work you've done so far, we still appreciate all the lives you've helped
Dr mike made a bad choice and he needs to be held accountable, but that doesn’t mean y’all should immediately cancel him. Give him another chance. If he makes the same choice again, then he should face bigger consequences. Until then, be objective and just be respectful. Despite this situation, Dr mike is still a person and deserves the basic human level of respect
loser
So it's been 9 months we don't care 😅 Now you just stop telling me what to do, alright.
Disappointed but not surprised, at the end he is a privileged white man with money and fame (:
Everyone shut up he made a mistake and dont act like your all perfect youve gone to partys without a mask lots of times heck even i have. Dr mike made a huge mistake and hes apologising for his actions stop throwing hate on him for a simple mistake he is still the great man you know him as but just because of one mistake your just going to throw him away like trash shame on you
If everyone wants to Not follow the rules just once (on their b'day or whatever) We all will be just continuing the chain of BREAKING the rules.
So disappointed in you. Travelling to Florida alone is a reckless decision, then going partying?! Seriously, what were you thinking? How about practicing what you preach.
If i was a patient of his, i would be saying these lines, "Dr. Mike, I cannot allow you to treat me. I have seen your pictures of you not social distancing and wearing a mask and basically ignoring the CDC guidelines that you have implemented on me. So, as a precaution for my own health since i'm immuned compromised, I am going with another provider because I don't know if you contracted the virus and the state of FLorida is one of the worst cases for COVID-19 at this time. I don't' want to take chances. I"m going with another provider."
They only realize they were wrong when their career starts to end...
Post this in your main channel
....if you messed up, say it with your whole chest on your main channel? this is a half-assed I'm sorry for some serious hypocritical "do as I say, not as I do" bullshit.
You're also taking the gamblers food when you're not a gambler.
Tldr "I'm sorry I got caught, please forget all about this and do as I say not as I do"   Your welcome.
Unfortunately you ARE in the public, so you are expected to be a good example. With that being said, I appreciate this apology. I would be hypercritical to say anything about your actions. I have screwed up during this pandemic. I’ve been put in similar situations, where I was uncomfortable but went along with it. I think we all have messed up during this 8 month long journey.
People are losing their lives, and you're out partying with 15+ other people on a boat.. You willingly put yourself and others at risk. And you can't even apologize for it on your main channel,  cause your "real" subscribers would see it.  Instead it's on your "Clips" channel?? That's not owning up to a mistake, that's brushing it under the rug. Extremely immature and narcissistic honestly.
Who is this? What he have done? Tell me now. I wanna judge too 🤣🤣
Whose really surprised here? We all human, but remember, you're a doctor and in the spotlight. Undoubtedly you inspire many other soon to be doctors. Your choices you made reflect the shallowness that resides
Apology accepted.  But next time maybe think about the risk level from vulnerable people at where you work.   Yes your personal risk level may be fine for you. But what about the others?   What about these immunodeficient people? You’ll be putting their health at risk.
It’s ok everyone makes mistakes. I’m sure a lot of people are mad but it’s because we like you very much. You were always there to informed us and on that thank you! I’m proud of you always working on yourself and learning to grow as a person. Take care of yourself! Lots of love❤️
I think this was handled poorly
For everyone leaving mean comments... Have you all be perfect during this pandemic? No one is perfect we have all made mistakes I know I have and I know so many that have too and seen so many on social media who also messed up. I know people will say Dr Mike is a health professional and should be way more strict but no matter what walk of life we come from we've all made mistakes weather it's forgetting to pick up a mask or the sanitizer or not adhering to the social distancing rules. Let's all remember we're all humans trying to get through all this together, I hope everyone stays safe.
Doctor Mike, yes you seriously fucked up! Seriously, you went to a state where Covid is running alarmingly high! It’s one of the Hot Spots!  All info has told all of us we need to avoid traveling. Regardless of your friend renting a boat for you. You should have known better! This is truly upsetting! After all you’ve stated. Seriously, this is like having sex without protection! As much as I support you. And still will! You really fucked up big time!
So this is what is on the trending tab..yikes
Please put this on your main channel
I don’t usually comment on stuff like this, but I’m flabbergasted. How will you look patients in the eye and tell them you picked partying over staying safe as a healthcare worker? What about your coworkers who don’t have the option to rely on a YouTube check and are dealing with patients all the time and the fear of catching the virus any moment? Those who are living with their elders in the same house? This was no mistake. You had the option to decline your friends’ offer. You went ahead and researched cdc guidelines not once thinking to yourself “what am I doing?” You have a huge influence and authority as a doctor on the Internet. People trust you and look up to you. This is just... unbelievable. You have a lot of self reflection to do and for a long time.
People make mistakes it’s okay
I guess you getting caught must be a conspirary theory right?, just like Judy Mikovits movie is a conspiracy theory.
Leave bro alone dude just tryna get lit💀
This whole situation is miserably disappointing. It’s a shame losing respect for someone you looked up to
what a joke
So disappointed in you. Unfollow for sure.
Will he or will he not lose his job as a family doctor over this? What do you think? Does this impact it at all? Just curious of what people think
I'm really sorry you're being attacked, but the bigger issue...wear an undershirt.  Your shirt is too thin for the color of the shirt to be uniform so you can see the seems and all that since you aren't wearing a white undershirt. Anyways, love your content!
lol fauci/ Gupta wannabe. only faking this cus you got caught!
I mean we're all getting mad at him but the governor of California out here breaking his OWN rules
As a practicing provider, calm down and do what you’re supposed to do. Tell your patients what YOU feel is the right call and do exactly that. I don’t think personally individuals need to be be isolated but that is exactly what I tell my patients. Be careful and practice good judgement.
when you go against your own rules. Why should I follow? What a joke 😂
omg is dr.mike getting canceled. I would have never thought.
Cualquier ser humano se  equivoca  de los errores aprendemos doctor mike eres un excelente doctor 🙏🙏🙏😘😘
Rich people think that COVID doesn’t affect them.
Speaking to other people who have made a similar choice as this, and not to Dr. Mike specifically since I know very little about him and his habits...  Everyone knows it's impossible to be perfect. But sometimes trying to be perfect can seriously damage you. Labeling a choice like this as a mistake means sacrificing the things that improve your own emotional health, and if you continue to do so, eventually you won't be so emotionally healthy anymore. So if you make a mistake like this, learn from it, but don't let it tear you down.  (Also I'm not looking for a debate, I just want to give a little validation to the people who have taken a similar risk as he did.)
At least he knows when he’s in the wrong unlike our current president
Write and vote so the algorithm picks up that this is important.
I don't trust this guy. He just looks handsome, that's all he is.
Another wealthy rich liberal elite telling working class people how to live. 🔥 Enjoy your private boat while millions are out of work and losing homes
I respected you I trusted you for what for what
You're full of it
I deleted my first rant. There is no point in posting it, people such as yourself only listen to points they want to. And while most of us will only follow guidelines that we agree with or can get behind most of the time, we can’t just openly and blatantly ignore rules we don’t want to follow. Either because we can’t afford to or......oh yeah, that’s usually why in a nutshell. The longer we are in quarantine the more people who preach at us are going to fall off their own sermon wagon. It’s inevitable. You were in the wrong, but I don’t see this as being an actual apology 🤷‍♀️, or you would have made this without being poked and prodded by others for your misdeeds. And like others have said, you should have this on more than one channel. There should be apologies on all of your social media pages. Not just one group is going to hear about this. Good luck.
Why is this on your second channel?
CDC and WHO: "Do not lock down" What say you Dr.?
it’s okay doctor mike, no one has completely 110% followed everything. especially at the beginning. we walk into a restaurant, and take off the masks after we walk in then that’s that. I understand the pandemic is important, I respect everything but people make a mistake and to ridicule a person for messing up one time is horrible. we all do the best we can during these times.
You are an awesome young man. Please don’t beat yourself up - absolutely take it to heart - but don’t beat yourself up. Everybody messes up; I tell my piano students that mistakes are the best because recovering from them is one of the best ways to learn. But you can’t learn if you don’t admit your mistake. That’s the first step. You have done an amazing thing here and you will be a better person for this mistake. ❤️
All of the people in the comments are being soo judgmental. Dr. Mike messed up, he got a gift from his friends and he accepted it. He ensured that he was following Covid-19 protocols on the boat with his friends. He may not have done the right thing but guys he is human. Moreover he owned up to his mistake. He didn't run from it. And to all the people in the comments calling him an idiot and a coward, REALLY!. I thought we could be better people and realise that others make mistakes and not judge them for it.  Dr. Mike I hope that every one that got Covid-19 on the boat and in your friends homes are doing well❤️. Just remember that we all make mistakes and we are all human❤️
As a doctor you should've KNOWN Florida is a COVID hotspot
The said thing is that everyone will be upset about this now and it will probably blow over in a month are two. A vast majority of his subscribers don’t even know about this yet. So disappointing.
Hey Dr Mike, did you see psychologist Dr Todd Grande's video analyzing your apology?  You're still an influencer since being taken seriously as a Dr has slipped.
You were just giving a big middle finger to everyone ...
this is a weird apology ngl, not only is it on this channel, which would be less likely to be seen by the general public and those who saw that article not knowing who you were, it seems like you only intended close fans that would forgive you easily to see this? eh who knows... still as a doctor, as someone who believes in the importance of pandemic safety guidelines, this is a horribly stupid thing to do, it shouldn't of happened period. Others are out here sacrificing a lot of their time to stay home and distanced, some can't even see their families and someone who sees sick patients all the time is doing this?? Disappointing really.  I just hope that this is a sincere apology, not as an influencer apologizing because he thinks the worst part of this is the media coverage hurting his influence and image, but an apology as person who believes in the guidelines, there's better ways to have fun with others that doesn't involve that much risk, you know that. I hope you aren't just apologizing because it got leaked, that you aren't often secretly partying like this from time to time because it wont get on the internet, I hope you genuinely understand the stupidity of that situation and do your part in this pandemic
I mean i know it was wrong of him to do this but the comments are just way too mean and i honestly think that after lockdown and everything everyone was just so emotionally fed up that they must have made mistake atleast once because obviously they are humans and i think you guys are being way too mean with your words
I’m human, I made a mistake   But you did something that  you knew was wrong.. yet you did it anyways.. 🤷🏻‍♂️ You tell us to stay safe, keep your mask on think of others etc etc in the end you oh wait, sorry that only applies to us not you. Because you’ll jus get away with it, and do it again   Please take that big ego of yours that tittle of yours and shove it!  You shame all your colleagues, all the frontline workers.
Seriously how much are they paying you?
Dude u were on a crowded boat partying hard after telling everyone to be safe stay home wear a mask. Thats the definition of a hypocrite.
Looks like the blood hungry cancel mob is out in full force again
You didn't put this on your main channel. That speaks volumes. No longer look up to you.
I really like your content doc but you set a really poor example by having that party and putting it on social media. hypocrisy is a bad look.
I happened to stumble across this video after doing some arbitrary research on YT. I dont know this Dr Mike character or which incident he was referring to, but it sounds like the premise revolves around the hypocrisy of his professional and social actions/decisions.  Lets be honest, the majority of millennial doctors (not all), are a complete joke with how they function outside of the professional arena.   It's like when class gets out, it's a free for all to make all the idiotic decisions one can make. Medical school doesn't teach logic, or rationale, it teaches science, which is very serendipitous.   Doctors dont know much more about this virus, than the avg person. Its a fallacy to think that just bc one is an MD that they're the solution to saving lives and doing the right thing. They def can't cure it, and apparently they can't act in  a way that coincides with what is to be expected.   It's not their fault, they became a Dr for the notoriety, monetary gains, and social nobility (most, not all). They too can be idiots when the time is right. Don't be so hard on MD's under the age of 40, most lack the common sense and logic. They wanted to be Drs for selfish reasons.   This pandemic will teach the disgusting doctors of our healthcare system a critical lesson. Wash your hands before eating, be a bit more of a germaphobe, and don't eat off the floor. I've seen doctors do some pretty nasty things which is why I refuse to see one unless I'm dying, and even then I'd be suspect of them doing hypocritical things outside of work. Always question your doctor, you probably know more than them about your body, or you can learn about it just the way they did.  This apology is a joke. He shouldn't be singled out, there are many others just like him. The majority of Americans voted Trump out of office, yet they continue to act like selfish imbeciles and carry on in ways as if there was no pandemic.
Doesn't Dr. Mike work in a covid unit, and didn't he just put an entire boat full of people at risk?
it’s okay; everyone screws up sometimes. most of us (including the haters here) probably would’ve done the same thing if our friends surprised us like that. thank you for this video and stay awesome. :)
I spent Thanksgiving and my birthday alone. Because of people doing selfish acts like Dr. Mike 😢
Another wealthy rich liberal elite telling working class people how to live. Hope your mask doesn’t fail 🔥 Enjoy your private boat while millions are out of work and losing homes
Only sorry because you were caught
This guy better not be an actual doctor lol
For what it's worth I still wanna hear what you have to say, so I'm not gonna unsub. But like others are saying, being honest and transparent would be to put this story on the main channel.
Leave him alone!!!
Still think the WHO is in China’s pocket
Dr. Mike, I really adore you. You're the reason I went into medicine and even got a med school scholarship. You're my literal role model as a person and a doctor. This comes off as tone deaf. There were 15 people in that photo, you didn't wear masks when you were on land and didn't consider the risks and infectivity with people on the plane, patients and city. You are a public figure and the first person people go to for knowledge as a doctor in a pandemic. You have done a lot of good and very inspiring but I feel negatively with this.
My disappointment in you is immeasurable. You have a lot of work to do to earn back the trust you ruined. What happened was an insult to the doctors who have dedicated everything- and in several cases lost their lives- to dealing with this virus. I wish there was a proper defense for your actions, but there will never be one.
At least he didn’t start this apology with that typical YouTube “sigh” and then the crying and the reading message off screen.
We all make mistakes, all you can do is try to learn from it.
Why would any of you trust a doctor who wants to be a YouTube and Instagram star? The guy was always a total hack and probably a shitty doctor. Real doctors don't try to be Instagram stars. Wake up, idiots!
When someone shows you who you are, believe them
"I can assess my own health risks and act accordingly because I am a doctor and you are not."
Wow, if he was my doc, I would fire him. The hypocrisy here
Why isn’t this on ur main channel? I mean come on ...
the hospitals are empty. your all giving away your freedoms and mine.
Just like the governor of Colorado telling everybody to stay home during thanksgiving then immediately takes a flight to Mississippi to see family.    Hypocrisy at it’s finest   I will not comply
I watched this video when it came out and It had a fairly positive like to dislike ratio and I didn’t notice what channel it was posted on, but trending has brought me back to rocky territory.
why is everyone so angry? he made a mistake, and mistakes are meant to be forgiven when they're owned up to if you look outside now, so many people aren't following guidelines, including many leading figures really, the way people are reacting i find very harsh, and at 1 point people aren't really showing respect anymore, when Doctor Mike's trying to do better i only hope people can understand that a mistake is a mistake, and everyone makes them keep it up, Doctor Mike 👍🙏
I'm pissed this is now being used by the conspiracy theorist. Like why would you do this dr mike.
I’ve gotten to see none of my friends since March (except my gf and neighborhood friends) I genuinely have no place in their lives anymore because of people like you. You’re a doctor for gods sake. I don’t care about the fact that you “CaCuLaTeD tHe RiSk” if you got it you’d expose your patients that trust you to COVID. There’s so many people who have seen their friends and family very few times this year, much less hosted a yacht party
I am sad that you felt as though you had to apologize for this.
Two of my comment got deleted. I compared him to Pelosi.
When you look up “Tool” in the dictionary...
Congrats, you're on the same level as the Kardashians now 🙄🙄
First, I forgive you! Second,  you owned up...bravo! Third, because of this, I have stopped believing in covid. I stopped wearing my mask.
bruh why is this not on the main channel 💀 I don’t have Instagram and if I didn’t randomly decide to scroll through trending I wouldn’t have seen this
You got a belated birthday and i had to spend my birthday crying cause I lost my job and couldn't see my family
Honestly, Dr. Mike, shut up. I hate when someone tells others to not do something and they end up doing it themselves. Shut up. We don’t want to hear why you think you’re better than us. Bye.
Why isn’t this on your main channel, mike?
LMFAO! The government doesn’t want you to assess individual risk. Simply shut everything down and disregard your individual rights.
This is extremely disappointing. Particularly the fact that you chose to post this video on your second, less subscribed to channel. I live in Canada, where numbers are not nearly as bad as the US, yet cities and counties in my province have been on lockdown for over a week, in response to rising numbers, and that lockdown continues. But you felt that it was a good idea for you to party on a boat in Florida for your birthday? I would expect a healthcare professional, of all people, to be aware of how stupid that is right now. I have not seen my 95 year old great-grandfather since the pandemic began. My other grandfather was diagnosed with a serious, recurring bladder cancer during the pandemic, and I have only seen him once because he has been receiving multiple rounds of treatments, and he is terrified of getting COVID-19. I have done nothing but respect public health guidelines throughout this pandemic, and I even trusted your information in the early days. Now I feel very betrayed for once trusting your expertise, and frustrated that you have added fuel to the fire of conspiracy theorists. What a very unfortunate way to tarnish your reputation!
post it on your main channel.
You are a doctor. Wow.
I mean, you had more people at your COVID birthday party than I did at my frickin COVID wedding (and we were all masked and distanced!!!), but sure you were “following the guidelines.” I agree with others here that this apology reads more like you’re sorry you got caught than you’re sorry about what you actually did. My dad is a doctor and I truly can’t imagine him or any of his colleagues doing anything this stupid. Lost a lot of respect for you Mike
So I'm aware of relative risk. During the summer, I went camping, to the beach and wine tours, all day trips near where I lived, with one other person, social distance approved etc. With the 2nd wave coming, we bumped up canadian Thanksgiving (early October) a week to make it safer, still following mandated guidelines. At a certain point, it became obvious pointing at the government rules would not be sufficient to protect our communities. If you celebrated your birthday in a country where they flattened the curve, in the summer, thatd be 1 thing. But that's not the case we're in now. With the numbers across the world being what they are your behavior is inexcusable, especially as a public figure. Not to mention the handling of your hypocrisy speaks volumes about your character.   A close family member of mine got covid responding to a code blue. The patient passed away due to covid related complications. This is especially upsetting for me at this time. I understand you're more media relations than healthcare worker at this point, but wouldn't you have basic empathy for your fellow colleagues? People you did med school and residency with and upholding the hippocratic oath they took and putting their lives on the line. Its unfortunate that you would do something like this, especially considering you are optically and politically savvy and pivoted to being a media personality as a career. Like I'm just baffled you thought this response, on a tiny channel would address the political damage you just did. Bad actors will have a field day with this.
He made a mistake and y’all are over reacting
You are still supported.  But because I won’t be the popular opinion you might now see this.  You did nothing wrong. You assessed the situation.  And continued when you felt you were being safe.  We can’t live in a bubble until this is “gone”. Because it won’t be gone just suppressed.  You knew the risks and were being safe. Live your life!  Have fun while using your safety knowledge and common sense. Quit letting others make you feel as you did something wrong.
Dude, You admitted more than Trump did in his entire run in office. You still messed up. Wear a T shirt under the other too tight shirt. The problem is that people trusted you. And many of them will never trust you again.
Just found out what this video was about from the comments... And because I try to be respectful: Thank you doctor mike for teaching things, your videos have helped me learn. But right now, that seems way too hypocritical for something this important.  Apology acknowledged, not fully accepted, because this pandemic is serious. You should not be travelling. And yes, humans make mistakes, of course. But this was less a mistake and more of a choice.
Unsubscribed
I am an registered nurse caring for COVID patients - I’ve been caring for these patients for months and the fact that you have the audacity as a PCP to compare your experience with the ones of people caring for the extremely ill and dying patients due to COVID is upsetting. THE FACT THAT YOU DECIDED TO EVEN GO TO MIAMI FROM NEW JERSY IS UPSETTING - YOU ARE THE PROBLEM. YOU NEED TO POST THIS ON YOUR Dr Mike CHANNEL. WTF. I am risking so much and this is what you do as a ‘famous’ doctor influencer is disgraceful. Just upsetting and disappointing.
I am a doctor from India and I have been taught in medical college to maintain a certain type of reputation and ethics. Even though I don’t have a huge following like you, I am very careful about my actions and with what type of people I hang out, where I go and what I post. We all know how Nobel this profession is. I used to look upon you as someone who is not stereotypical but you took it way too far, with the your birthday party and the girls you hang out, and yes it is unacceptable especially for a profession like us.
Just tell the truth my guy, you went to Miami for some tail ... 🤣🐵🤣 🤔 and all will be forgiven 😄🤑
Covid is a political tool, don’t feel bad
Hello Dr Mike this is a first time I've been on your channel. Don't be so hard on yourself. Doctors are human they put their pants on one leg at a time like everyone else. Important thing is to learn from our mistakes and go from there. You take care of yourself
If I was your boss we would have a different discussion in the office about this, that's for sure.
he really showed he’s an influencer first and a physician second. super disappointing and disrespectful.
Your apology deflects blame onto others...repeatedly. You still refuse to take full responsibility for your actions.
All the hate hes getting is unnecessary     dont hate i just standing up 4 one of my role models
Look, at the end of the day we are all human. We try our best to do the right thing but we are not infallible. Am I disappointed as a premed who looks up to you? Yes. Am I understanding of the fact that with all the pressure the medical community is under (my parents are both in the industry as well and I have not seen them in person but once in the last year even though they are an hour away) when one is presented with a party with friends it’s going to be hard to turn down? Also yes.   As you said it mostly is just a sting because we have so many people out there that will utilize this moment to invalidate everything you have said about the pandemic. People that need only one tiny misstep to validate themselves going to parties or those that have yet to be swayed but may have been by seeing your videos.  At the end of the day, I still respect you. I still look up to you as a symbol of the integrity as a medical professional I wish to have one day. Unfortunately your not just a physician though and the fame you carry also holds with it the heavy burden of having eyes on you at all times and having to explain yourself for actions that honestly most of us have probably undertaken to some degree in all this to maintain sanity.  I hope that the internet is kind to you and shows understanding but I also know tensions are high, people can be mean, and there will be a lot of hurt fans that feel the need to lash out.
Oh hey just another example of how full of BS social media is. Hope everyone realizes how much 'smoke and mirrors' this platform is. How many sorry I got caught 'apologies' get posted everyday.
of course you would post this on the channel that has less subscribers.
You’re a disgrace. Doctor is just a title to you. Meanwhile true medical professionals are working themselves to and beyond their breaking points while they are being over inundated by covid patients in facilities that are undersupplied and understaffed. I have watched my coworkers DIE. You couldn’t find the wherewithal to say, no I’m not going out on a boat to party with a bunch of people. You’re apology is disingenuous; another construct your narcissistic ego has manufactured to satiate its undying need to be liked. You give real medical professionals a bad name. You are nothing more than another insta-thot.
practice what you preach and the consequences won't be as bad
Hypocrite.
But did you die?
So easy to sit back and judge.  All you perfect people with negative comments.  Sad!!
As me i cant judge you doctor mike we are all make mistakes and am always thinking about great advises and teaching 🤝🤝✍️✍️you always sharing with us the bad thing people They only look at our mistakes😒😒🤔 more than good things and please my dear friends, Doctor mike is not God is human also its not forget for great things he was always sharing with us please, thank you for being positive Doctor Mike  May God bless your blessings and clear your atmosphere 🤝🤝🙏🙏
He reminds me of Nick Dunne from Gone Girl.
I just don’t understand why he didn’t just wear the mask though.
Yall have always been alittle nutty down in the states but come on stay apart wear a mask its not rocket science. We have more restrictions in my province, one is pretty dumb, they put caution tape over products deemed non essential so you cant buy them even though your already in the store and it doesn't really matter. My grandma couldn't buy her Christmas cards but its not like we would go out just to by cards anyway.
When you massage a girl's neck you wear a mask....wait....no mask. Oh, oh.
I'm also confused as to why you are having guests physically on your show because I thought it was best to not visit people from other households
It’s just disappointing. You are right, this provides more ammunition for all the anti-insertmedicaladvice. Bye
You got caught, good doctor, with your hand in the cookie jar. Just like Pelosi in the hair salon. Are you another "Pelosi"? Too good and rich to follow your own advice. This is is a wake up call, do better.
Wait what did I miss? You hung out with friends while following guidelines?
Cancelled, unfollowed, unsubscribed!!! No excuse 🙏 can't trust him no more😭
really disappointed when you said you were well below the guidelines of 10 people per boat even though there were 15 people shown in the photo :(
Jesus is coming!!
post this on your main channel if you want this to be an apology to your real fans.....
Admitting when you're wrong but only on your smaller channel so that less people know, right?
HDU DR MIKE
“Cautious and nervous” but still parties
Thanks for the apology! I hope this finds you well. ❤
You're human and been working relentlessly to combat disinformation about covid-19, and happen to alip up and relax for a brief moment...it happens and you don't deserve the negative bs being directed at you.  Your humbleness is genuine and respectful which highlights why even more that the negativity isn't necessary. Remember the valuable lesson learned today that you unfortunately are set on a pedestal by others and everything you do will be over scrutinized unfairly. Some my feel that you represent them and betrayed them, but honestly (imo) you didnt because everyone only has one representative and that is themselves and their actions. And people need to think would they like or appreciate the negative comments that are aimed at you were aimed at them? Probably not. All that needs to be said is, "Yo. Your masked slipped off you should fix that." In the end everyone should remember  to be kind, respectful, understanding and forgiving to one another regardless. And remember to be happy and healthy.  P.S. Doc if you need a hug, I heard about this dog that gives the best hugs. One would say the best Bear hugs.
You were not "well below" the guidelines. In the picture I saw, there were 15 people. This is literally a blatant lie.
It's one thing when a physician can't stick to their own rules.  It is another thing entirely when a spokesperson can't.
'Pride comes before a fall'  My [unsolicited] advice is that you would remember to tread gently so that when you mess up (as we often do) someone will be willing to give you a second chance.   This too will pass...🌿
Gonna be hard to take you seriously now doc.
I disliked this because you literally didn’t do anything wrong lmao.
You’re just an elitist hypocrite, is that so wrong?
Fame is a double-edged sword.
The worst part of this is putting it on you 2nd channel
You really couldn't even post this on your main channel?   I haven't seen my mother or grandmother in almost a year. But yeah, it's totally cool for you to just go out and see your dad and multiple people where you're at higher risk to catch this disease. To me that shows you don't have a lot of regard for your patients, your father (if he was at said home you were visiting), your friends, or anyone you could accidentally infect in any public space you may enter.   I get it. You're a very healthy individual and likely may not have bad complications from this, but I'm disappointed you're the latest on a long list of influencers/celebrities who have gone out and partied during a pandemic. I spent my 22nd birthday depressed and alone in June because I can't risk getting COVID or giving it to my friends or family.   This video felt very insincere. I came to your channel for info about the pandemic from a source I might be able to trust. But I guess I can't really feel that way anymore.   You're really just sorry you got caught.   Thanks for showing us your true colors.
I dont know what to say my dude... I loved your amazing videos but I thought you were smarter man... This thing is real and you decided to go out and party. I don't even know what to say...
Dude. My cardiologist is in the Atlantic Health System. I hope you aren’t setting a precedent within that practice that partying and then saying sorry when you’re caught is ok.
Disgusting.
I haven’t seen my family all year. Two of my grandparents died a few months ago of Covid, and I never got to say goodbye. They didn’t get a funeral. Don’t pretend like you were thinking of anyone other than yourself. Own up to it and post this “apology” on your main channel, where your actual following is. YOU undermined wearing masks and social distancing by, despite your practice and what you’ve preached all year, doing neither. Nobody else did that—it was you. I genuinely hope you learn from this and learn to think of how your actions affect others, not just because of the pandemic, but also because of your following.
A nurse at my workplace would brag about hosing parties at his house without taking any precautions in March. Not only did he get Covid 19 as a result and almost die he put his unborn child along with all of the folks he worked with at risk. It sounds like Mike took proper precautions that are Currently Considered effective. Regardless of precautions Mike and others invalved took they vary well may be considered Uneffective within the next 24hours. My main issue with this video is that Dr.Mike forgot that All of us health care personnel are held to a higher standard in the time of Covid19 not just Mike.  The video and my comment was a waist of my time and energy.  I'm gonna take a nap till then read a chapter of the book I'm reading.   So kids take Your Nonsense off My  corentined YouTube feed! .....  can't get any peace around here 😠
You're trending!!
Dude you’re a terrible actor ngl
I'm really suprised that there are so many negative comments. your human just like all of us. You made an error in judgement. All these negative people, have they made a bad judgment call? It happens. GET OVER IT. thank you dr mike for addressing it.
Hypocrite
Oh Dr. Mike..the second u decided to even make this video shows your guilt and true colors. That’s why I don’t bother look up to people like him. They preach and preach and preach while they do everything they tell us not to do behind our backs, until they get exposed!
All there is to do is move forward and take the lessons learned. Nobody is perfect. Thank you for owning up and holding yourself accountable.
Hoax
Bro you’re 31 what’s so special about 31 you had to celebrate it in a pandemic. Have some cake over zoom
As a young adult that has seen a lot if not all of your videos on your MAIN CHANNEL, it is truly disappointing. Not to forget that since this 'apology' is medical related you somehow didn't see the need to post it on your main channel where it would have a true impact. You as a doctor that knows the risks, statistics and the impact that this pandemic has had around the world, would say that 'risk is a spectrum' and to a certain extent it is to the 'normal' person BUT not to a DOCTOR who is around people all business hours that MAY be sick and say that YOU are not at a higher risk all because you live alone? This pandemic has hurt a lot of people and it truly sucks for those that are staying home in quarantine and only go out for necessity. Some haven't been with loved ones or celebrated with their families because they want to do their part.
You got busted dude. Stop with all the excuses. And why do people think you’re so hot anyway?
You have no business being a doctor, much less an influencer especially, if this is how you feel about the current state of our world. People trust you, and you are violating that trust with your reckless actions. You’re a privileged white boy with no regard as to how your actions affect others. Hopefully we’re close to the end of an era of people like you. NO SUPPORT FOR DR. MIKE!!!
I wonder if he'll start telling the truth now.   Some how I doubt it.  I mean its the comments killing him not covid.
This guy is a fake
Funny you didn’t post on your main channel. I unsubscribed. I know I’m just one person but I really respected you. You let me down. Practice what you preach.
Shame on you
I’m rich and have money, let’s party!! Hope you’re happy, my life hasn’t been normal since March.
You posted this on your side channel with 60k subscribers and not on your main which has millions and now you're deleting comments. Shame on you
I think it looks worse than it really is. This man is in a hospital all day, has been in the COVID unit, and has probably been stressed beyond belief. He was following the rules, he tested when he came back, it was under capacity, and he just trying to relax with his friends outside. I don't think he underestimated any of that. I think he should have waited, but you can't say "listen to the cdc" then complain because those standards aren't good enough for you. We should all be able to learn our risk boundaries for ourselves instead of holding people to a pedestal. I think this pandemic has made people more critical of others, and it's unfortunate.
Hypocrite!
Someone explain what is he apologising for ??
HYPOCRISY. Ain't it grand?
Here's a TIP Dcc! STOP monetize your FEAR mongering propaganda out there! One you knew those cloth mask & paper mask don't work that why you didn't wear them in the first place cause the only mask that work is the n95 mask.  And he is right most of his friends and F buddies are young, wild and free so they are at a lower risk of covid. It's time for ppl to show the truth. I hate to say it. Dr. Mike's action is just what he believes and not what he preaches.
I think most of us can acknowledge that you might have taken the proper precautions for this party, but a lot of people will not see this until this is put on your main channel. I didn’t know this was posted because I do not follow your second channel and it was not acknowledged on any other of your social media accounts. I think your entire fan base should be able to see this so we can all hear your side of the story and draw our own conclusions...
Apologizing for living your life.  I hate the world we are in now 🙄
youre a liar!
Ugh. I watched a 2nd time and it pissed me off even more. Your condescension excusing your behavior for 90% of the video and saying basically "you're above it" is gross. Also, the "impact" of your trip - really? So.. not your behavior?
"the impact can harm the medical message...", Babe, you're still travelling between the boat and your dad's apartment...youre travelling between Miami and NY...you still are coming in contact with others. And regardless of if youre NOT following rules and guildlines if you have no mask on and you're with people who you havent been quarantining with and who are outside of your bubble, right? Am I wrong here or what? Like yeah you can be in small gatherings but you should still be masked up and distanced unless everyone has been tested and come out negative before said gathering....or? IDK now I'm just super confused bc I trusted Dr Mike ad his info and judgment about this subject and now I feel a bit off trusting him. Like, what he's saying and what hes doing are hard to reconcile.
Not that you’re gonna read this, Dr. Mike, but there’s enough comments here to let you know that the bond you’ve had with your subscribers is in serious jeopardy. So I’m personally going to take a second to just say that maybe I’m slow to come to conclusions, and maybe that’s a bad thing, but regardless of everything- of what you may have been thinking when you decided to stay at a public gathering in a pandemic, or of what you may have been thinking when you decided to post this video on a separate channel... I could never know your intentions. I don’t know your reasons for doing what you did. I don’t know how much you feels that you messed up, or how much of you is desperate to keep your subscribers. I really don’t know. And I don’t want to guess. All I can really say is that I hope you do follow your own advice and use this to move forward, and be the role model that those of us left looking at your channel will be looking for. Mistakes are a part of life, and huge mess-ups do happen. I feel uncomfortable judging the entirety of your character because of two actions you’ve taken. But I think a lot of that will be cleared up in how you choose to move forward after this... and how you choose to treat us, as people who look up to you. Hoping the best for you, Doctor Mike 👏
I’ve really had enough of democrat politicians and people like you lecturing everyone about rules that you don’t even follow. Then you come in with some bullshit apology that is so insincere and fake. How about at least practicing what you preach?
Anyone who understands body language and human psychology... will see just how many smaller lies this puppet tells... to cover up a bigger lie!
You didn’t let anyone down. You took precautions. People just need to mind their own business.
dr mike bullshit
Don’t worry bro no one cares
“ when I exercise in the gym I wear a mask”- but earlier you said you didn’t wear a mask on the boat... and you mentioned exercise :/
While I respect admitting you’re wrong, and I appreciate the apology, this was *really* disappointing news to hear....your main dr mike channel was one of my favorites to watch with my husband. 😟
The level of viciousness of comments is just...guys people f up. Sometimes worse than others. This year has taken a tremendous toll on body and mind. I cannot fathom as a doctor he did NOT take as many precautions as possible. Was it a dumb idea? Sure it was, let alone in florida...an adult owns up to stupid bs they did in which case he did. We are not processing things normally right now and the DESPERATION to get out of house and out of mind is like wanting to quickly grab the candy on the table we were instructed not to take even if there were dire or even fatal consequences.  We have NEVER experienced a year like this. To the unrest on the streets, the election,  civil uprising for our basic rights, to the pandemic. We were told to lock down WITHOUT any kind of support. Of course it backfired. People are desperate for answers and an escape from this bizarre waking nightmare. He f k d up. He's human. Sometimes we are blinded by a moment of possible release from the literal deathgrip of our situation, no matter the cost. It doesn't mean we don't care and it doesn't make us horrible. It makes us HUMAN. He owned up and truly saw what could have gone wrong. He apologized. Accept it. Move forward.
*goes to main channel to unsubscribe*
Okay after going through these comment's I have to say this... yall are tearing this man apart for a mistake. He said he is going to go through all of the proper quarantine protocols and is definitely getting tested when he gets back so he's not endangering any of his patients. As my mom always told me dont throw stones if you live in a glass house. How many of you have followed all of the CDC guidelines 100%. Dr. Mike is a human being and we are all entitled to making bad decisions. He has apologized for the decisions he made now move on.
I thought this was a Gavin Newsom parody
If you were actually sorry for the party you'd post this on your main channel. You're only sorry you got caught. And it's not a lapse in judgement. It's being selfish and entitled. Grow up.
U said party is a hard no I haven’t I haven’t  seen my gf for months and wear two masks and u go on cdc website but said we should not u sad u should fear monger now u say ok I mess up I’m glad u apologies well forgive u but I feel u have lost credibility to call out others
This "doctor" reminds me of tv preachers.
So just like Ellen, he’s sorry only because he got caught.
How about you talk about the way you promote noom when nutritions say it is bullshit?
So like idk the whole situation but I kinda don’t understand why he’s getting this much hate. He said he followed the guidelines, and he quarantine when he gets home. He’s apologised to everyone who this upset. This years been though, his friend payed for him to have a nice trip 🤷‍♀️ you can’t tell me that some of you haven’t broken a few guidelines. Although the physical health is important the mental health is too. Although it’s not illegal to go to the cinema it’s still risky but I do it anyways because you know what every now and then I need to feel like life is normal.   I feel like the only thing we really need to be upset about is that shirt like common Mike, it’s so sheer it looks awful and yellow for some reason. It’s just gross.
Post this on your main channel
They should take your medical license
Mike, you made it seem like it was two people and no one would have been upset if that were the case. The picture included A LOT of people, in the midst of a fucking pandemic. I've shamed my real life friends for having gatherings of too many people (over 10) and I've missed a great deal of celebrations myself. It sucks, and shame on you. I'll be celebrating my own birthday alone/small group and so many people have spent their holidays alone. Grow up. Lost a sub. I hope you continue to spread knowledge, fight misinformation, and donate your resources to charity. Those are all such lovely things, and unlike many people here I don't think you are secretly masquerading as a good guy. You seem genuine, but I wish you had been more mature. You're decision was just immature and selfish. Period.
No lie man, this sounds like an excuse
As a nursing student who’s birthday is going to pass alone, who really looked up to you. I’m really disappointed.
Coward.  Maybe practice what you preach and if you don't want to, change what you're preaching.
It's ok, you're young and you are learning from your mistakes and we've all made the same mistakes, we've all made the same decisions that you've made and this is all crazy and scary time. It's ok Dr. Mike, thank you for admitting your mistake, know that Your not alone.
How does this have so many likes but no supportive comments... fishy
How about just do what the hell you want, and stop worrying about a bunch of idiots on the internet
I don't know if we can call you Dr. 😬   Sorry "Dr." Mike.
I can’t believe people are living their life based on other people’s opinions....
The Internet is cancelling doctors now?
“my friend got me a private boat” bruh
Well, you know, if Jake Paul can party with bikini models ...
Its ironic that people defending him use arguments as shallow as mike's preach lol, this dude preached HARD about covid severity, now that he got caught and revealed his true colors he goes "my bad pls forget about that" also lying in between, he doesnt show the photo where he was caught, ya know, the one where's 15 people counted, and not the 8 instructed by the guidelines, this dude is just a massive hypocrate, the same dude that begged his subs to spend their birthdays-thanksgiving-christmas alone and do very small funerals for the "greater good".
Don't be shy doctor, put this on your main channel♡
He is a role model, but that doesn’t mean he’s perfect. Most, if not all, if the people in this comment section have gone to gatherings without the proper protocols. He has a life too. Him apologizing, and recognizing his influence on others, is a good show of character. He doesn’t deserve all of this backlash.
People think everything is going to turn right after "admitting" something.
There is a time for cancel culture but I dont think this is it. Yes he screwed up, but look at all the other work he is doing. His videos help people and cancelling him will also cancel the good messages he spreads. We can forgive him and we should because he still has live and compassion towards helpping us
Wow I'm so disappointed in what you did and your "apology". Didn't even have the balls to post this to your main channel. Thought you were a good person and looked up to you. Sadly, I have now unsubscribed from your channels.
As a student nurse I really looked up to you but now after this video .. I just hope you can learn for this and reflect upon your actions please put this on your main channel so your message can be reached to all your subscribers
So if you are so sorry and want people to understand the risk of COVID-19, why is this posted on your second channel, where you have less of an audience?
Well. Seems like the mistake that Josh from the YT channel 'Jolly' made is repeating itself amongst other influencers. Fame is a strange thing. It's a curse and power at the same time. Once you gain fame, you need to be extremely careful about everything you do. Hope that influencers always remember this. Things can quickly go out of control if you make a mistake. It's scary when you think about it tbh. 🤔
The title should be “why normal people can’t party during pandemic” FIXED IT DOC YOU’RE WELCOME ✨
Me: celebrates 18th birthday party with my friends on facetime  Doctor: yacht party in miami
The only thing that's missing from this tone deaf "apology" is him disabling comments.   Oh wait, he probably thinks he's super in the right here, and he only "goofed", and awaiting the love and support of his fans he clearly thinks are idiots like him
"Dr." Mike, you're a soy boy buddy!
You done fucked up doc.
Thank you for addressing this but we are all human and no one is perfect. You're doing a great job and we appreciate your information and content. You help put a smile on my face and a lot of other people regularly. 🥰
It's the not being able to agree with critics because they use disrespectful language towards women for me 🙃 the poor decisions Dr mike, his friend, and these women made are unrelated to how they look or if they're sexually active... Why can't we keep it respectful when calling this out
I hope he at least got some action on that boat...
Why do people get mad at him for making a mistake. I know I shouldn’t have to say, that a lot of you might do something you shouldn’t have and aren’t accepting that as a fact. Some mistakes are worse than others, but that doesn’t mean you need to be rude. Maybe it’s because we might not know him, everyone has a social life and he also has to be a great example. He still does honest work and is trying to be forgiven. You’ve probably heard what the Golden Rule is and it is a good rules to live by. Even if this is here to be more popular or make his small channel known, it’s his job. He doesn’t need to be here on YouTube, you guys made him popular. He wants to be forgiven for a big mistake, and you would want forgiveness too. Everyone PLEASE BE CONSIDERATE, then people can accept you too.
These "influencers" are all the same. What a narcissistic, pathetic person with a half-assed apology to help save face. Just another entitled hypocrite who doesn't think the rules apply to them.
Yes you fucked up. Yes your preach social distancing on your platform and you went against that. But you're admitting that your wrong and you're a doctor in a pandemic, the most stressful situation you could he in.  I FORGIVE YOU.
you are such a HYPOCRITE!
No, you got caught....sounds a little like the governor of California....
As far as I understand, you, being Dr. Mike, organized some sort of boat excursion while following guidelines to mitigate potential viral spread. I don’t understand why you are so upset over your decision. Perhaps, you could have created more comprehensive measures to further limit potential transmission, but you at a minimum, did research to find regulations necessary. Honestly, I think that you are being far to critical of yourself. I might have no I idea what I’m writing about given the circumstance that I don’t know the entirety of what happen, but It doesn’t seem as bad as you portrayed it. Idk... Mike,🤷
No need to apologize.  The ladies on that boat were fit as fook. BTW happy belated birthday Mike, You've had a lot of stress and a blow out on a boat with friends who are young and not in any of the high risk groups ain't the end of the world,. What would anyone seriously do in your shoes? Tell their friends that surprised them they "don't want the gift"!? No They'd do exactly the same thing. The folks getting mad are only getting mad as they're not getting any invites.  GET A GRIP PEOPLE. The fella had a party on the boat with young friends he knows. The people on that boat are more likely to die from drowning on that trip than from covid. He went into quarantine afterwards. Cut him some slack and get a grip.
Doctor travels to another state just so he can kill people, I mean not wear a mask.
I dont think you did anything wrong except have too much fun! Enjoy Florida!
Hypocrite fake doctor trying to save face
I think most of us understand that you’re human and make mistakes too. Every one acts like they’ve never screwed up. Thanks for acknowledging what happened, apologizing, and promising to learn from this mistake!
I think this lesson serves as an example for any YouTuber, or any social media “celebrity” and that is fame comes with a price and even when you think people aren’t watching... they’re usually watching you more closely because you’re always going to have someone that’s jealous of your success... so just make sure you practice what you preach and always be an example of it or lead by example.
I forgive you dr mike 🥰 dont let the hate comments get to you. We're only human we all make mistakes. 🙂
EVERY SINGLE DAY we see another "expert", people who supposedly know the most about Covid - who are caught being the least worried about it. WHEN WILL THE SHEEP WAKE UP?
No I’m sorry you’re actually pathetic, I’m T1 diabetic and I have missed out on so much this year because as a person I know it my job to keep not only myself but others safe and you can’t even do that not only did you fly out to somewhere but you partied and interact with so many people who could have be infected. Not only that you couldn’t even apologise on your main channel. You’re absolutely pathetic and sorry just isn’t gonna cut it.
Having a hard time believing you thought 14 (possibly more) of your closest (and apparently hottest) friends was a safe way to celebrate your late birthday. We aren’t all perfect, I know I’ve visited my 4 best friends, which even with us social distancing in our respective apartments during this chaos isn’t very safe, but you’re a doctor and an important face in combatting misinformation in the medical field. There’s no way you honestly believed a party with at least 15 people was a safe option for you. Disappointed is probably an understatement
The hypocrisy is palpable. Unsubscrbed. (purposely misspelled so this comment doesn't get deletd)
The year 2040: were or someone you know forced to wear a mask in 2020 and had trouble breathing? You may be entitled...
What a tool.
It’s not quite as bad where I live in Canada but I don’t feel that it’s unreasonable to be at a get-together as long as all guidelines are followed 🤷🏼‍♀️ i.e., gathering size restrictions, all individuals involved getting tested and/or quarantining before and after the event for an appropriate amount of time. Though I understand to many it’s more black and white than this which is why he maybe should’ve thought this through as a public figure in healthcare. I at least appreciate he understands he made a mistake and apologized. I don’t feel that it has to diminish any past or future good things he has done and will do. I just don’t believe life is that cut and dry.
Your right it is a risk and if people choose to follow rules and guidelines. Its right, your freedom to be free enough to do what you want. You followed the rules and guidelines so you did your best at trying to have a life. We only get one life if you live in constant fear your wasting it. Now that doesn't mean you just travel the rules out the door. It sounds to me as if yoy did the right thing by checking off the list and following the rules. So yoy have nothing to be sorry for. Unless there is something you didn't directly address I see no reason for you to have to apologize. Also you work in the health field I think its safe to say you know best when you aren't in a safe environment and are more willing to remove yourself from that then most people. If you wanna go on a trip do it but follow the guidelines and rules. But the biggest thing is make sure your hurting yourself and not others who didn't asked for it. So like you said you don't come back home to anyone so you aren't gonna hurt no one just make sure you get tested and quarantine the correct amount of time. We are getting to strict on somethings and also allowing the governments to run us around like sheep please don't let them do that. Have common sense to do the right thing and know the facts. And understand the risk, and impact your OWN actions take. Bro you did nothing wrong in my book, live your life I trusted more than most to be smart about ti
"Let those without sin cast the first stone."  It's easy to sit there and JUDGE someone, but I guarantee you each one of you criticizing this man, this renowned and well educated doctor, are doing far worse. You see someone who is happy and you're so sad with your own life, your only source of temporary happiness and sense of self worth is in attacking someone else.    Get real.
Interesting that this, even though it is a small video, is not on your main channel. I am so disappointed to see that you were so willfully ignorant of the consequences of your actions. It would be different if the photos that got out showed you wearing a mask or distancing, but no. In any case, I believe you to be sorry that you were caught.
checking the “boat capacity”?? just say you don’t care and go
Aw man... Everyone deserves second chances but you literally went directly against what you have been preaching. I enjoyed watching your videos and thought you were a legitimate and thoughtful and genuine person... I feel so disappointed. Would this apology even have come if there were no pictures taken? I doubt. Makes you wonder if and how many other times this has happened but there's no video or picture evidence.
This wasn’t an apology as much as a justification. By impact you should’ve said behavior.
Put it on the main channel
Alright. He's an idiot. Are we going to forgive him though? I feel like since his content is to increase awareness about diseases and stuff, we should. Other celebrities have done way worse tbh
Giving an educated, honest and respectful insight on the topic of risk. You’re human and doing your best. Sending love, Dr. Mike. ❤️
I feel like you're an extrovert and people need to realize that this is awesome for introverts but it does take a mental toll on our extroverted friends. Myself, I've gone to small gatherings twice and I probably shouldn't have done that but the maturity it takes to apologize should be enough for people to understand... I don't think anyone that has any empathy will take this personally and I think most of your followers will accept your apology just fine. We appreciate you!
I only know who you are because someone posted your party photo on Reddit, and it's too bad that my only impression of you is that you're a hypocrite who shouldn't be posting anymore videos about the pandemic. You have a sizeable following and viewers turned to you for advice and comfort. That photo of you (love that girl who is standing next to you and flicking off the camera, by the way...STAY CLASSY) doing EVERYTHING you told your viewers not to do is disgusting and disappointing, and you have really ruined your credibility with those of us in your age group who maybe thought our youth protected us. You being younger than a Fauci or a Birx made the messages more relatable and relevant, like, "Hey, this guy is my age and he's taking this seriously. I think I should too."  You say your friends surprised you with a boat party, which leads me to believe that they think the pandemic isn't a big deal, and your advice isn't worth following. YOUR OWN FRIENDS DIDN'T FOLLOW YOUR ADVICE. That's embarrassing. Why do they think you're a hack? Are you saying something differently when you're not in front of a camera?  How dare you put yourself in a position to become a spreader of this virus? How dare you put your patients at risk? How dare you make things harder for your colleagues who are already swarmed with patients that are dying everyday? Are we still supposed to call you a doctor?  I hope your license is suspended. Those of us who actually have stayed home and done our part to curb the spread have watched our efforts go to waste thanks to people like you.   But at least you had a fabulous birthday party on a boat!
Karma...
When you were calculating your "individual risk," did you factor in that you're a doctor who sees patients?????
So, I looked at the footage. The best thing you could’ve said was that all of you were tested beforehand. If not, then what genuinely were you thinking?? Like ,.... of course conspiracy theorists are going to use this.... you’re a doctor that went against everything he believes in to stay safe. So, we’re all isolating while you’re on a boat tanning with friends, you should’ve just said you didn’t care in that moment and “I’m sorry it’s my party and I’ll get Covid if I want to” lol would’ve been better
You didn't look socially isolated at all to me, Doctor. You are in a position where you have an obligation to be an example to others. You failed those who you influence.
the way I just found out about this second channel and I've been following you for months already.. if this is a truly apology/explanation it should be on the main channel so all of your suscribers can watch it.
Is this guy a real doctor? So confused.
This should be on the main channel. You are a coward.
How relevant is the size of the boat if no less than 15 people are all on top of each other without a mask in sight?  This is the most disappointing non-apology I've ever seen.
Do you have any idea what middle class and poor people have given up to keep each other safe? How do you sleep at night? Or right, in fine Egyptian cotton. Unsubscribe.
Come on, man. Im just disappointed.
This is disappointing to say the least.
What a cop out, so disappointed in seeing someone I considered a role model act out like this. How hypocritical. How many times have you done things like this before getting caught? What a crapfest.
Why are people so pissed at him? Legit it’s been 7 months, we have to adapt, NOT HIDE FROM THE VIRUS. He was following guidelines and decided to have some fun. Leave him alone
to completely hate a person based on 1 mistake is in my opinion, unfair. He did a lot of good things, he's a human, made mistake just like we did.
Nice blame shifting to conspiracy theorists and covid deniers instead of acknowledging you just empowered them
Ummmmm what did you do wrong ?
Scam2020
If you want this apology to mean anything to your supporters, put it on your main channel and address it yourself. I found this video through you retweeting someone's support of you that linked the video. I only clicked because I thought I knew what it would be. You say you need to do better, so do it. Address it to your whole audience. I didn't know this channel existed and I've been a subscriber for a long time
Mikey no likey
Personally I accept his apology, you don’t realize what you did is wrong until people who don’t know you tell you its wrong because it gives you different perspectives.  As a person who almost lost my dad to covid, even I find it hard to stay away from family and people. Its hard for me to not want to sit next to my dad and hug him. And it really took me my external family and others to finally understand I can’t do that and that I can’t greet my family like I used to. You get lost in the moment so I understand where he’s coming from, he’s human, even the smartest people can’t make the smartest decisions because their desires get in the way.
you're the #1 post on reddit and currently #11 trending on youtube... you can't hide hun.
You're 100% part of the problem. This is disgusting to watch. All credibility you might have gained on youtube is gone. As a nurse I'm just astounded that you're using the CDC to justify your actions. You are actively promoting ways that people can find loopholes in guidelines that save people. You're the bad actor in this situation. Stop giving any advice on COVID-19, and I would honestly suggest stopping providing any medical advice, guidance, or recommendations.
Lol when people idolize people they don’t really know 💁🏼‍♀️
Massive credibility issue now especially with the crazies. You will be used for nefarious purposes and people straight up may die because you as an "influencer" chose to influence people in the wrong direction on this one. It's a bad look for sure and your probs gonna get spanked on the PDS on Monday. It sucks but If you make your money as an influencer you've got to constantly be asking yourself what message you're sending.
This reminds me of Ellen ‘Be Kind’ mantra. And now your “Don’t party during COVID” bs. For all the excuses you gave in this video, I refer you to all of your videos you made preaching about ‘don’t party’ and social distancing during COVID. It amuses me reading comments of people giving him a pass when his apology is similar to the tiktokers partying during COVID.  This man apologised because he got caught. If he didn’t, he would sit there on his other channel and continue to preach about staying at home and not party like nothing happened.  If you want to celebrate heroes, spread love and appreciation to the doctors at your local hospital instead.
Not a surprise, but this has me questioning other health care workers that people still need to see on a regular basis. Hope you quarantined when you returned as not to put patience and co-workers at risk.
U know what, I would like to give you a second chance........ After all , let's not forget how much you have done for the medical community this pandemic, donating scrubs, masks, and so on. We all deserve a chance at redemption This is what I feel ........ ✌️
We can live our lives like we did pre-COVID when the disease dies down. Obviously it makes no sense to go to large parties and whatnot during a pandemic...ESPECIALLY W/O MASKS...so why do it?
My friend you were my hero! what happened?🙁🙁
When you need treatment go to Seattle Grace
This is just really bad. Besides being a clear mistake from well before he even chose to make the decision, he had so many opportunities to decide not to make the mistake.  That would be pretty bad on its own, but his handling of the response is subpar. From the damage control phase of deleting comments mentioning it to an apology video that attempts to justify his actions first before apologizing, I have a hard time trusting him anymore.   What’s much more prevalent is how this impacts other doctors reputations, especially in the social media sphere. I hope it doesn’t hurt them so much, but Dr. Mike has probably permanently tainted his career as a serious doctor to look to for information. He did literally the worst possible thing he could as he spoke words of caution and safety. God it sucks to see this, hope he learns his lesson without losing everything he’s worked for. If he does though, I’d understand why
Your character is showing.  Not a good look.
As a healthcare worker myself, it makes me so sad that we're working so hard helping patients, while all these influencers and Mike (an actual doctor!) are out partying like nothing's wrong 😒 SMH
The people who judge him go and see friends every single day and prob go out as well so y’all should shut up
The fact that not even doctors in America can stop partying just shows how much America sucks.
You’re a hypocrite like Governor Newsom.
This was not a mistake. You are a physician, you’ve been making videos about coronavirus, you interviewed Dr. Fauci just a few months ago. This was a conscious, selfish choice.
Speaking as a Registered Nurse, you are DESPICABLE. You're only sorry you got caught and your body language is yelling that
No need to apologize, I knew you were a garbage hack in early May. Hilarious you made it onto Mark Dice's trolling.. LOL.
As someone who has been working in a Covid ICU for the last 9 months shame on you. 🤡🤡
That hair dye is a mistake too.
Disappointing and disillusioning.
We all make mistakes you're human.
I'm a disgrace like doctor phil BEEWOOOP
Everyone is down everyone’s throats. People make mistakes, he is only having to apologize because he is in the public eye.
You’re loaded by the intelligence agency’s, you are an actor and, pushing a hoax. Masks are an abomination. The “science” is biased. You’re just indoctrinated in their cult. Wake the fake up
Ok he is a human. He is not a robot that is right all the time. He took all the precautions that he needed to, to keep him and other people safe. He did not buy the boat his friends did. He was very cautious when doing it. Yea maybe he shouldn’t of but there is no issue. He advices people to wear masks because your supposed to. The CDC says not to wear a mask in the water so he didn’t. He’s following the guide lines. I’m sure if people asked him if they wear a mask in water he would of said what the CDC said. So y’all need to leave him alone and he did nothing wrong. He’s is a human. He deals with so much medical stuff on a daily he needs a break. A vacation. So what he put it on his 2nd channel why does it matter. His main channel is about POSITIVITY and he knew he was gonna get rude comments on this video, so he put it on here trying to keep the comments from his main to keep positive vibes there. Come at me all you want but it’s facts
Guys, he’s human and he fucked up.  He admitted that he fucked up. It wasn’t okay at all and it’s disappointing to see.  He’s had a pretty good reputation from the time I’ve watched his content online so I’m willing to give him another chance
WHY ISN'T THIS VIDEO ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL???  Oh, yeah.... you're only "apologizing" because you got put on blast.
Literally discovered your channel yesterday to learn more about plan-based diets, but for someone who goes out partying during a pandemic in the worst-struck country in the world and then goes around seeing patients too... Well you sounds a lot less credible all of a sudden.
I’m not sure what exactly happened here, but this apology, coupled with the way y’all are tearing into this man, is both savage and comic. 😭
Try posting this on your main channel.
Your awesome dr mike. Apology accepted. You r human like all of us
What ever hypocrite.
Florida - the land where rules apparently never apply
Humanity is screwed. Nobody is following the guidelines, Not even Doctors and politicians.  Meanwhile I haven't seen my parents since December 2019.
The fact that you feel you have to apologize for seeing your friends and that people are whining in the comments says more about this "pandemic" than anything else. Its not about a virus.
LOL! One of the biggest surprise in 2020. Dr. Mike is a hypocrite. Dear doc, first of all, posting this in your second channel is really showing that you are insincere with your apologies. You are only sorry that you got caught. Second of all, by doing what you have done, you are emboldening the people who are COVID denier.  You will be their prime example of why partying is ok in the midst of a pandemic. Sure, what you have done in the past about the awareness is good but your actions are louder than your words.  Next time, lead by example doc.
Post it to your main channel, coward.
You are a shill
How is he getting more likes than dislikes? Bots or Idiots?
Jesus, people are so ridiculous. Stop being so fucking hypocritical. It’s not like you’ve never made a bad judgment call in your life. He made a bad decision, get over it, move on with your life. Don’t you guys have something better to do than to spread hate?
Shut up
Yknow I've been been watching Dr Mike for quite some time mainly on and off, and had an image of wholesomenesd when I thought of him. Unfortuanetly in light of recent events my perception has changed dramatically and I will never be able to see him the same again.
I see the picture and I am like who is paying for all the woman
I'm so disappointed. I've been sending your videos to my COVID denialist family and they've liked you. They're starting to open up to the information you post and their resulting behavior has directly influenced my own safety as a person with underlying conditions who lives with them. I just had a conversation with my family yesterday about how following minimum capacity guidelines does not erase risk. I plead with them to consider my safety when they think just hanging out with a few friends (who just hung out with a few friends, who just hung out with a few friends...) isn't a big deal. Mike, as a public figure you are responsible for your influence. Who do you think my family will take as their example for social distancing? You -a doctor, a public figure, their source for information on this pandemic. Your behavior matters, not only to your audience (of which I consider myself no longer a part) but also to those affected by their actions. Please correct your behavior moving forward and consider the sheer number of people whose lives can have real positive (and negative) outcomes as a result.
I didnt know the situation and he makes it sound like he was visiting his family cottage for the winter.  HE WENT TO A BOAT/BEACH PARTY WITH LIKE 10 GIRLS IN BIKINIS NO MASKS AND CERTAINLY NO SOCIAL DISTANCING.
Straight up POS.  Not worth spitting on
This is pathetic. It's not about you. It's about everyone around you. Freaking stupid.
not one of those girls on the boat was hot.
Shame on you Dr.Mike for going to a party in the middle of a pandemic when you have been saying to people for months to practice social distance. To make it worse you publish and apology in your second channel where you only had 67k subscribers.  You choose to go to Florida where they don't have restrictions that was planned and not a mistake.  The choice you took has serious consequences . Can you see whe are in a crisis of distrust from the public to experts?!?! so your "mistake"is gonna make this distrust even worse and is gonna affect the lives of  doctors and nurses.  I'm unfollowing your channel. You didn't made a mistake you took a choice knowing what are the consequences first hand so this "apology"is not good enough.
You're full of it.
How incredibly disappointing. I can't believe that you, as someone who is a role model for so many people, would act so irresponsibly. Shame.
Did he just blame "bad actors" and "conspiracy theorists" for what HE did?🤦‍♀️
What a pathetic attempt at an apology. The only thing you are sorry for is that you got caught.   If you were actually sorry you would put this on your main channel you coward.
You should also consider posting this video on your main channel. It's kinda saying a lot that you haven't when you consider the fact that your other channel has a lot more subscribers.
BS in BS
Lmao so cancel culture is back at it again 🤣
You know I just found this in my recommendations but this is the title for everyone on YouTube that says sorry and by what the comments are saying the same thing is happening THEY DONT BELIEVE YOU
should have it revoked like we do in Canada. you endangered everyone else and you dont care.
This came across as incredibly insincere.
So two faced, god and i bet he sleeps at night thinking he’s in the right still
Please relax. You are going to make yourself sick. You are not responsible for others actions, they are. Everyone knows to wear a mask and aren’t basing their decision on the actions of one person. Geez stop beating yourself up and try to smile. All the best.
Big yikes
You're full of it. Seriously you're the worst kind of influencer
It's good that this is on trending, it allows more people to see the hypocrisy.
Funny how this isn’t posted on the main channel..... guess that confirms it: you feel you didn’t do anything wrong, this is just some minor damage control.
Hello everyone! ✨ So I’ve learned about this situation about how *DOCTOR* Mike didn’t wear a mask  on a boat with family and friends . Before we begin I wanna say that there were statistically  not that many people, only about 20 at most (But higher chances of a lower number). So for people to say “OH NO THERE WERE SO MANY PEOPLE”, is far fetch, think about what is a lot... Now I know that this could spread the virus  with this amount of people, seriously... but who knows if these people were in *DOCTOR* Mikes bubble, so that means  he might have been in contact with them before, which isn’t a bad thing when they are in a bubble. Now I know the  virus could spread because of these people, but again it is everyone’s responsibility to social distance after an event like that. (It isn’t just one persons job) Also come on he isn’t a doctor... bro..... I mean he saved a young mans life that was dying on a plane... and for you all to discredit the saving life of a man, by a doctor is so far fetch. He studied hard, and sure he may have been privileged  with his opportunities, but hey I don’t care about that, when you look in a doctor, you don’t care about their life story... you care about  their caring in helping you. And doctor Mike really well does that. Also to call him a hypocrite, I won’t deny... I mean that is somewhat true. I mean listen, sometimes for example we tell people you should sleep earlier, but you yourself sleep at 3 AM. It’s in DNA to be hypocritical, just because he was being a hypocrite with a friends and family case, doesn’t mean he is unsafe with strangers and patients, he knows the people somewhat that was in the boat.  Give the man a break, we are all human, and we aren’t perfect. Just because someone has hit popularity and has pleased people doesn’t mean they will always be good for us, these are people, not our puppets for entertainment.  (Edit): my mistake he didn’t know these women, with that he should take accountability for, but just discredit his doctor job... that ain’t right.
I appreciate your sincerity and that you are properly taking accountability.  I don’t appreciate how it seemed like you were trying to shift some of the  blame to your friends though. You’re still responsible for your decisions in the face of peer pressure  — we all learn this very young
I would have liked it for you to upload this on your main  channel. Feels like it's hiding here. However, thank you for addressing this. Compared to other youtubers, you've been quite unproblematic. Im not sure how im feeling as of now and I haven't made up my mind, but I do appreciate this.
Wow your crisis management team is on point pointers well taken, but something about you and this video seems so insincere 🤔
Didn't even post this on your main channel with the majority of subscribers? ....ok dude.
Imagine not posting this on your main channel.
Only saw one clip of him a while ago, instantly knew he was trash.
Beta
Can't know if you will read this but I am disappointed.   That might sound simple and for some people not dramatic enough, but it was the hardest thing someone who looked to me for guidance once said. I needed years to rebuild what I broke that day and it was not done with an apology. You will need a lot of time to rebuild your credibility and get back the trust of people.   I used your channel for credible information and as a source for others. You lost that.   I am disappointed.
What a horrible apology
Gotta practice what ya preach, bud. Unfortunately with me you lost a subscriber.
Aw yeah, this has been such a tough year for you. Making enough money to live in a massive apartment in Manhattan while reverse commuting to New Jersey for work. Please whine more to the 16% of New Yorkers currently unemployed. Evictions have started up again, but PLEASE tell me that you traveled to Florida and were maskless with a group of people you don't live with because "this year has been hard."   BTW - posting this on your alternate channel is a cowardly move. That's probably the biggest blow to all of us who've subscribed for years. You didn't want your audience to see this, I presume? Whatever.
You should be absolutely ashamed of yourself.
Ah yes. Another apology where he’s sorry but he’s really sorry that he got caught. Guilty when he doesn’t have it on his main channel. BS. Making excuses.   If it was a “surprise” party for you, then you could’ve requested guests to wear a mask. You didn’t though. No one was wearing one so it obviously wasn’t a “mistake”  These bullshit apologies aren’t believable anymore. They’re overused.
He really thought he could be slick by uploading it on a second channel but this is #11 on trending. Lesgo #1 BABYYYY
But why not on your primary channel thou? I did not follow this one sooo
Goes to a party on DL.  Uploads video of party to the internet for all to see, People are mad.  *MFW*
Wednesday morning, my family Doctor passed away. Not only did my town of 40,000 lose one of *4 providers* for an 80 mile radius, leaving about 10,000 ppl without a doctor, a family lost their father, and a wife lost her husband. He *would have* had a Birthday on Jan. 8th...
Lies LOL you just got caught boycott this dude
Hypocrite.
Ehhh ehh ehhh eh. Yacht 🛥 Full of Hot Chicks, Nah It’ll Be Fine. Sometimes a guy has got to live his Life. Why? Don’t Know. Sorry. Big Shot U- Tuber. Logan Brothers personal friends of yours? Good One. Dr Todd Grande introduced your naïveté to me. See Ya Later George Costanza.
who are you? no one cares
I lost my grandmother to covid today. This is absolutely disgusting and irredeemable, both the event itself and the way you have handled the response and fallout.  There is no real excuse, but yours is simply pathetic. There are mistakes and there are events that reveal your true colors, this is clearly the latter.
Yeah he made a shitty choice but at least he’s still trying to get people to do the proper stuff idk I don’t really care about any of these arguments
Nice. A fake apology by a fake doctor
So much BS, 🤮
Covid is BS stop virtue signalling.
You deserve to fade into obscurity. Disgusting.
Not a Mike Fanboy but honestly its disgusting to see how many "nice People" on here are such pricks. No matter how you look at it Mike is a Human like everyone else, and if he had some well deserved holidays after fighting with the other Doctors against Covid 19 and if he followed the Quarantine Rules and so on, then everything is fine from my Point of View
All of you are coming at him for LIKES!
Honestly, for me it’s not the fact that he is safe with it. It’s the fact that the rest of us who don’t have the biggest pay checks or extravagant lives watch these influencers and celebrities travel whilst half of us haven’t left our neighborhoods in months it just hurts and makes me depressed.
I forgive you. Besides, you're world hottest doctor. You can do no wrong. Just ignore all those ugly jealous people. 👍🏼
What a snake in the grass
The brave do not live forever, and the cautious do not live at all.
We have been dealing with this pandemic for SO LONG and none of us have been perfect. He has been going above and beyond with his precautions and education and encouraging others to do so the entire time. I know everyone in these comments has seen a family member or a friend or has gone out to eat somewhere during the last 9 months, like he said he weighed the risks and decided how far he was willing to go and considered who it would affect first, probably more than most other people do. He literally just did something as a normal person, except other normal people don’t have a platform like him to be judged for it. You all should be judged and receive just as much hate for every single little mistake you’ve made throughout this pandemic too, you all definitely deserve the hate more than him
Behavioral specs of humanity is under the impact of self centered, uncertainty and denial.  Ugghh,  maybe i should take a look on my own country, its progressing nicely here in the southeast asia.
I’m not mad, just disappointed
A bunch of bullshit, and not even on the main channel.   Must be hard to sit there with no goddamn spine.
Admitting that you looked up CDC guidelines, and yet still decided to go, makes me think your decision making skills are subpar. Not a good characteristic for a DO to have.
Why isn’t this posted on your main channel?
You are a f*cking doctor, you put your patients at risk. This is not an apology. Shame on you.  On another note, what’s wrong with these plastic women on his Miami photo. Why did these women ruin their faces. And those Big lips doesn’t fit every one. Horrible
Shut up. You’re a narcissist. CANCELED!!!
Alright simmer down Karen’s he’s only human I hope the boat trip was fun, not everyone can sleep all day and eat potato chips out of their belly button for months.
this wasn’t a mistake, you knew the exact risks you just didn’t care
Such a great way to say “f*ck you” to all those who’ve been tirelessly working themselves to the bone for a pandemic, doctor. All those who have lost those close to them due to this pandemic, definitely love to see you partying in Miami, doctor. You say you don’t want anyone to throw out the science and research, but you already did that with your partying and pouring of liquor down your throat. And with an apology on your side channel of course you are still very ashamed of this…as you should be. You and these phony medical professionals have a funny way of showing your care for science and truth when you guys don’t even bother to indulge in it yourselves. The apology should be to your colleagues and patients who you’ll have to regain the trust of, along with whoever holds the power to revoke whatever license you’ve been given. An appalling moment indeed.
just say covid isn’t an issue for you if you’re rich and famous and move on, also post this on your main channel
you know what, i really liked you. we all trusted you and you turned around and spit in our faces.
No. Just no
You are a disgrace to the medical profession.  It's bad enough we have conservative outlets spreading false information and politicizing COVID to "own the libs," but for a doctor to add fuel to the fire when the healthcare system is overwhelmed and will continue to worsen is reprehensible.
Wouldn't have said a thing if you'd not been caught.
Put it on your main channel and maybe we'll consider how serious you take this message.
at least he apologized and owned up to it, all these influencers in la have huge parties every night without following any guidelines and they never have apologized or discontinued the partying
This is one of the most half-assed apologies I’ve ever seen. Wearing a mask on a boat might make you drown? THEN DON’T GO ON THE BOAT DURING A PANDEMIC. “Rules for thee, not for me.” You’re a hypocrite. Then you posted it on your SECOND channel where you don’t have nearly the subscriber count. I’m incredibly disappointed.
I'm immensely disappointed in you. I don't honestly think I can ever watch you again tbh
If your “risk evaluation” didn’t matter, why keep it in the video? Seems manipulative to me...   Also, it’s not that you get sick. It’s you infecting other people that could die. I am really disappointed. I expected this from teenagers, but a doctor? Come on now.
"sorry i got caught guys"
i went through the trouble of logging in just to downvote this 'apology'
It’s the hypocrisy for me...
Your aesthetic look won't save you this time
Suspend his medical license.
I remember a while ago I had some criticism for a few videos and his fan page lightly came at me because only a few people probably seen what I said. My main point was I wanted him to do better. He has everything pointed in the way of "I'm getting paid f-yall money" he himself is holding back from going full playboy setting. However if you watch him, you can easily see the quality of his posts slide as time goes by. He is a young man having fun and even as a doctor, he can't help a yacht party apparently. Just like his video on biases regarding black people was awful he continues to remind me he is a privileged man.
"transparent and honest" yet posts this to his second channel
"I'm a human and I messed up." No, you self-absorbed creep, you are an educated doctor who knowingly risked other people's lives and set a horrendous example during a pandemic. You did way, way more than "mess up oops human." Get out.
As long as you quarantine before seeing your patients then it's fine! That's why I was angry initially.
Welp, this is rather disappointing.  No, it's not "this can impact" it's "this has impacted" your message.  You should've known better, thank your friend but tell him it's not a good idea.  How many of us have avoided seeing out familes and follow the rules when you "checked the risk of being on a boat" and decided your party was ok.
Such a disappointment, I'm tired of people only pretending to be safe, but in reality everyone is just a selfish c@nt filling their selfish needs.
Seriously disappointed in you. Hope you don't have any high risk patients. Thought you were better than this. Ridiculous.
Pathetic.
Watch Dr. Grande’s analysis on you; it’s SO funny! He’s a good guy though.
Really not cool, unsubbed for now. Hope that lesson sticks.
Why so many hookers?
Why is everyone so upset man. He talked abt isolating after words as to only risk himself. He’s the healthiest age group with the least risk and took safety precautions when he got back. Some people forget to realize that isolating like this messes your mental health he made a “mistake” that only effected himself everyone needs to calm down
Cringey Typical YouTube Apology.
Dude - you have got to realize that this thing is not sustainable. We’ve been told to wear masks and six feet and all that. We’re doing that. It cannot be continued. People are dying. Not from covid, but severe depression. From being jobless and alone. There is more than one side to all this. If you are walking in a tunnel that has no end, you become despondent and lose hope. I’m not a person that says don’t wear a mask. I am a person who sees both sides. There has to be a light at the end of the tunnel. Otherwise, the whole journey becomes pointless
Put it on your main channel or risk your channel getting worse
"Rules for thee, not for me"
Come on man. I would think you would be better than half-assed apology that skirts around any responsibility of wrong-doing, or looking at the situation objectively, but I guess you really don't know youtubers "real" lives. You can, and need to be better than this, this is sad.
I understand that you may take the proper quarantine procedures after your trip. But you didn’t know that the rest of your friends would be doing the same procedures. It is honestly just very disappointing to me since I have really looked up to you to being a very bright light on the covid response and responsibility. You did make a mistake which happens. But it is honestly hard to see a difference between all the other rich people who continue to throw big parties and make excuses why it is ok for them to do so. I still believe that you are trying to do the right thing. But personally if more mistakes like that happen it would show me that you are not able to follow the values that you preach and I would no longer be able to follow your message or your content.
You said you were there to visit your father, was that not a risk to you? Or does that not count?
If you were truly sorry why wouldn't you post it on your main channel
This is the sort of thing a doctor should have their approval to practice under. For a doctor to set this example AND KNOWINGLY expose and risk others during a pandemic is such a violation of the oath of the profession. No, unacceptable. This "doctor" has lost all respect from me. Your actions will lead to much less educated people endangering others, and following your lead.   This is a goddamn disgrace. This is not something an apology can "fix."
Everyone makes mistakes no one is perfect but thank you for telling us the Truth Dr. Mike. Love you too ❤️
L  Dr.Mike major L
Oh you disgusting, trust fund baby.
"Rules for thee not for me".... Wait 1:20 Risk is a Spectrum? We gunna change our risk gender to non binary?
Well see next week when you’re invited to some huge boat party
Post it on your main channel or this counts for nothing.
Influencers are cancer to society.
CDC shows studies that masks don't work...
This man is the stupidest doctor I've ever seen
...Brah
Who else’s heart sank when they heard about this?
Classic antisocial personality disorder but hey you do you.
I have zero problems with people acting normally. But I take issue when you preach about staying home and socially distancing when you're doing things like this. Let me repeat, I don't care about your actions (looked like fun) I care about the hypocrisy.
To know that he’s entrusted with people lives and is so disgustingly selfish isn’t even disappointing, it’s enraging . You may be just recognized as a “ pretty face” now but you are still a doctor , act like one . You’re a disgrace to all healthcare workers .
Don't forget to add QUACK ,you are QUACK like Fauci!
You’re a liar, and a coward. “Rules for thee, not for me.”  Edit: COVID-19 is a legitimate threat. My feedback is about him and his choices. This is a fake apology. If he meant it, he’d put it on his real channel, and donate $1,000 for COVID-19 relief. He’s got the money - he won’t even notice.
Hypocrisy is the biggest enemy to the validity of anything so called experts say.
No apology to the ppl on the boat who where put at risk? Your a doctor. I wish u used the data u had in a practical scene. It’s your job    Apology not denied neither accepted. You make content that has a massive impact on ppl. You have spread good. This act won’t define you. But it shows that you aren’t as responsible as I think you should be.
Put this on your main channel.
Screw you.
It wasn't a mistake. You did that intentionally. You're a doctor and an influencer. You knew better, and chose not to. You've just invalidated all your preaching about COVID.
What did you get your medical degree in, Hypocrisy?
Im sorry  In 2 weeks : will be in the Bahamas on a float with 30 women 😂. Leave your phones at the shore ladies  Me : who cares just live your life one time he takes off his mask who cares
This is completely ridiculous. Please don't fall into the category of youtubers who make unnecessary apology videos for an event you actually haven't done anything wrong for. Its pandering and comes across in the worst possible way. Heroically admitting to a wrong never committed just to stave off and cater to a view of 'holier than thou' current pandemic culture takes away from your own credibility. It doesn't add to it, especially if you are trying to save face as a content creator and an active voice to media about health.  You made a decision that you weighed and judged carefully, following guidelines for caution and carefulness. That was the right thing to do. Its perfectly acceptable to regret or even reconsider choices, but that isn't the same as self blame. The Doctor Mike channel has done seriously impactful work to open doors and discussions about health in the YouTube community particularly to younger audiences.  As for the amount of toxic and utterly disrespectful comments in this section, calling for canceling and de-platforming a content creator because a literal doctor made a carefully planned decision that didn't meet up to some peoples personal requirements of how to quarantine is shameful.  That self righteous and stuck up behavior is utterly reprehensible and doesn't help anyone to make better or safer choices. Its also painfully obvious that the goal behind such comments isn't to better the community in any way, its only to make the posters appear more virtuous and health conscious.
This is BS. I died from covid two days ago. I'm also a doctor. COVID IS REAL!!! It's real to me.
I rolled my eyes so hard they detached from their retinas, is there a doctor here? No, not you Mr. "Dr."
To all those out there giving dr. Mike grief, the fact is: he is human just like the rest of us! People mess up, we're not perfect creatures. He owned up to his mistake, that's more than a lot of people do. He
Majority of the population has a 99% or higher chance of survival...how about you put that on your main channel.
When you were partying on the beach without a mask, Did you think of Bear once? What will happen to him without you?
Trash
This is why no one trusts “authority” blah blah blah.
The fact this happened is really disappointing.
You didn't think of the people on that boat when you made the choice to party with them, KNOWING you work in a high risk setting, and you didn't think of your paitents that you can potentially spread it to when you get home. Shame on you.
Bullshit, you're sorry you got caught. I used to look up to you.
I haven't seen my parents or siblings in 9 months. I just spent Thanksgiving alone, in part because of your advice. Don't sit there and act like rubbing up against a boat full of nearly naked thots (in Florida, no less. Covid soup) was important because "the pandemic is tough". Hypocrite. Unsuscribing.
I wonder if someone kill a person would the judge be ok with this apology
People like you are why people are dying
A more honest apology would be, my friend got us a boat, told me girls in bikinis would be on it, and I thought with the wrong head and had some fun.
Okay hear me out. If you REALLY were against going out and partying, your friends wouldn't have proposed this plan or rather you would've turned them down. You wanted to go so you did. It wasn't a mistake, it was a CHOICE. Please accept that and the post the freaking video on your main channel if you're really sOrRy
You know whats the worst thing about this? Its not that we see that dr. Mike is just as self centered as every other influencer. Its the fact that now hes just provided a whole bunch of fuel to covid deniers since hes a doctor making these dumbass choices on a huge stage smh
Literally any other time, this would be nobody's business, but we are in the middle of a PANDEMIC.  So disappointing.
Why is this hidden on your clips channel....
I'm truly shocked... Dr Mike was the LAST person I thought I would see partying during these times... I'm just very dissapointed:/
Fake as his personality and his apology
Are you seriously going to cancel the man over one mistake? Dr. Mike, COVID has been hard on everyone. It's even been hard on me to stay away from everyone...and he even acknowledged how his actions detracted from the legitimacy of his message. Dr. Mike has done his best to spread positivity on his platform and I am not going to let him be "canceled" because of one off-color decision.   Mike, I do think you should address this on your main channel, but I am not going to call you a "hypocrite" and speculate about your character because of one slip up. Honestly I wonder if any of us have been as careful as we should have been. We are all still learning here and while social distancing and masks are important...honestly it's impossible to be perfect all the time.
Watching your videos and personality I always knew there was something about you that didn't seem right. I blew it off as false intuition. I then took a look at pictures of you flouting fancy cars and partying on a boat with a bunch of bimbos some of which very likely engaged in intercourse with in Florida (One of the worst covid infected state) I knew I shouldn't have doubted my intuition.
As a doctor, you should know better than to break quarantine in a pandemic. End of story.
"I am sorry I got caught"
There's a pandemic buuuut theres also a boat full of babes in bikinis.......  Pandemic....babes in bikinis.... pandemic... babes in bikinis... hmmmm
This should be on your main channel, and I hope you have been telling all your patients what you’ve done and that they know you’re putting them at risk. How dare you.
I always found him to be somewhat of a sleazeball! This just proves me right! And the way he is handeling the aftermath like only posting the apology here on his small channel is completely shady...
All of the people with a audience or in power preaching about what people should do, but almost all of them never do it themselves.
2020 be exposing people’s true color
Grifter pos plague rat
So, how are you a doctor again?
rules only apply for the poor I guess
Ur done bro doc
As a Doctor you should know better. Youtubers get heat, why made you think ... you were in the clear.
Well dr mike  sorry not sorry u should of went swimming in a mask 🤦🏻‍♀️🤣
Totally fuels the anti vaxx anti covid movement.
I used to enjoy your posts. Humor, clarity of message, and responsible knowledge. You’ve let this once positive viewer of your MAIN channel down. Post this to your main channel, and take your licks. Otherwise, your character is shown lacking, and your behavior is  highly irresponsible.
Why didn’t you post this on your main channel where most of your followers began following you?... You’re beyond a hypocrite. You act like you’re soooo sad that the conspiracy communities will use this to discredit Covid but YOU discredited Covid by going to a party.
Dr: Mike: “We checked and followed the guidelines/protocols” Also dr Mike: not wearing masks ON boat, no social distancing, went over max. boat capacity  Happy birthday.
Can harm the medical message? Already did. Yikes, my dude.
He went down to Miami to his father's apartment. He's trying to mitigate the severity of the story like he's a good boy who went to his fathers apartment and surprise "oh no a boat full of girls? Well of course I have to go on the boat ride during COVID with these random women!"
The entire video is him trying to justify his actions instead of apologizing. The real problem isn’t that he went boating with his friends. The problem is he is a representative of doctors on social media. People are going to see this photo, and they’re going to think “hey, if Dr.Mike did it so can I!”. It’s incredibly disappointing to see that he’s partying during a pandemic, and at the same time warning others about it. Everyone’s had to make really difficult decisions this pandemic.   This will also undermine his reputation online completely. Any time he posts a video he will get spammed with comments calling him “dr. Party” or what not. Ive really got no idea how he’ll be able to get it back. We’ve seen how people run with stories about others partying during the pandemics, and we know that the reputation tends to stick. This one action will undermine his ethos, credibility. The best thing he could do now is the opposite of what he’s doing. He’s putting this on his secondary channel to hide it from his viewers.   It’s just really disappointing to see this. I’m not even angry with him
Too late if you took it seriously you wouldn't be on a boat
i think we will see more water activity & boat party 🎉 YAYYYYYY turns out we can actually do it!!    Don’t blame it on your friends, dont GUILT TRIP others for what resulted from ur action.  You are in Jake or Logan Paul or Tana Mongeau circle now... welcome! 👍🏼
I appreciate that you understand how terrible it looks.   It's still doesn't make it better.   Some of us in health talk the talk AND walk the walk.   It's been 9 months for me.    I've lost my job, my hobbies...it has been a real struggle - but I have stayed the course.   And not a single person knows or cares.  I'm not in the public eye like you are.     Time and time again we can't count on anyone to be the role models we so desperately need.
If you're really sorry, put this in your main channel so more people can see it Because by using a channel hardly anyone knows exists, you look suspiciously like you're trying to hide it
UNSUB!  Disappointed in you man. Ive made a lot of personal sacrifices. MY BIRTHDAY was spent ALONE, at my HOUSE! Because I chose to do the right thing. Must be nice being a millionaire and renting a yacht in the middle of a fucking pandemic. SMH. Your supposed to be using your platform to set a good example for everyone else. Instead you showed everyone its fine to ignore the guidelines and have mask-less parties, now more of your followers will do the same. More people will catch covid and die.
ummmm no this isn’t it quit it
"Do no harm." Familiar with that? I'm waiting on brain surgery in Canada. We have long wait times. Covid has a direct rate in the timing of surgical procedures (if there's not enough space, if everything has been covid sanitized, etc Here in Saskatchewan we're facing a new curve to deal with and I'm scared af my surgery will be delayed because of people like YOU who choose to disregard public health rules.
So disappointed
Dr Mike thanks for letting me know that it's okay to go on a boat with lots of people without masks on. It's okay too give each other big Bear hugs with no protection on your face and then go back to work and continue your family medicine practice. Way to stand up for us any maskers! Next why don't you discuss how vaccines are fake and essential oils can cure cancer.
Why wasn’t this posted on his more-followed main channel?
Why is this apology not on your main page?
Why is this not on your main channel, Mike?
Don't be a coward; put this on your main channel, Doctor Mike.
A bad actor.  Smart enough to be a doctor, but not smart enough to know better.  What a loser.
It’s not about your personal risk. It’s about risking patients and anyone you come into contact with. You did mess up and you lost a fan. Unsubscribe.
"So I got boat for my birthday."  Just like everyone else.
0:55 "Hmm wearing a mask that might get a little wet on a boat ride may make the mask not work as well, so I'm just not going to wear a mask!" - Dr. Mike 🤡
This apology is bullshit. People should be able to go out and party if they want to assume the risk. Just put a mask on the rest of the time and stay home if you get sick. I wear a mask constantly, unless I'm around a group of healthy people who don't care/assume the risk.
I thought maybe people were over reacting. Then I saw the videos and photos ... I mean it’s your life do what you want.  But practice what you preach.
If you were really sorry you would have posted this to your main channel
dude sounds like he's got a bit of a stuffy nose...
What a fking joke dude is an embarrassment for all other doctors
What a hypocrite!!!!
man, the solution to not drown if you have a mask on a boat is basically don't get on a boat to party in the middle of a pandemic
Nice
Good job being human and admitting mistakes in judgment happen!
Family Medicine DO. Prolly below avg in undergrad, got into DO and bottom of his class in med school, went to fam med. Using his credentials to make money on youtube and IG. Actor.
Sounds like Governor Newson  😂😂😂
Too scared to post this on his real channel
As someone who’s family is composed of mostly medical professionals I must say I think you messed up on this one. Although you did apologize I’m not sure if I can take it as completely genuine. You don’t need to hide behind the conspiracy theorists or a loophole in the CDC’s guidelines. I think you could have been a bit more upfront with this but I digress. I don’t hate you or your content, you’ve had many great takes on things and I have enjoyed quite a bit of your content. But believe this was all a bad call. The action, and the apology. Hopefully you learn from this.
I learned a very important lesson....don't be a liar. This walk back is so fucking stupid.
Dude's being insincere even in an apology video.  Like the guideline states max of 8 people on the boat. We can clearly see it's more than 8 people in the pics. Yet he says, he followed the guidelines. And spouts this bullshit about how he's low risk because of his age, and how he lives alone. As if living in an apartment by yourself is the same as not coming in contact with other people on day to day basis through other activities.  Like there isn't a proper way to apologise once you're caught being a massive hypocrite. But lying your way through the apology video is not the way to go about it.
Post this on your main account big man
Hahahah Ididot
Alexa play take a bow by Rihanna
60k subs vs 6M subs.. He must be confused, he thought this was his main channel 😅..
Can someone tell me what's happening??? What is he apologising for?? I saw this video on trending so I came here
Dr. Tool Bag.
“You can drown underwater with a mask on” lmfao bro you can’t breathe underwater without a mask anyway
Also kinda gross and pathetic pandering you lose subs or something?
You know there's a good amount of the rest of us who are making actual sacrifices for the community. I was quarantined with a toddler who couldn't go to so much as the park for MONTHS and managed. We didn't even see family due to restrictions. We only bent the rules to ensure that our mother had full after care for her surgery and have taken additional precautions beyond what's regulated (Ontario, Canada).  But sure. I feel bad that Dr. Mike could have possibly missed out on a party with obviously paid for women after FLYING OUT to FLORIDA (aka the goddamn plague centre of the USA). It's obvious that he took all the precautions necessary to be on a packed boat with 15+ people. He's not at risk. And no one there has any people of any concern. And of course no one was going to come in contact grocery store workers or anyone else who could be at risk.
Influencers are a cancer to society.
Unforgivable! Burn Him! Burn Him! Burn Him!. Ahh that feels better, who is this guy anyway
How about you upload this to your main channel instead of trying to hide it.
No ones attacking the science you and the government are going against the science.  Kinda funny when you think about.
LOL. You got caught.
I am very disappointed, not only for him being at that boat but also for trying to justify that, because he’s young he decided to take that risk. He’s sending a message to young people that it’s ok to take the same risks and possibly contaminating others. A friend of mine lost his mother to COVID last June and it was because a young person took risks, infected her and now she’s dead. I am absolutely sad and disappointed at him.   P.S.: And I just realized he’s not sorry at all. Instead of posting this ‘apology’ on his main channel with 6.5 million subscribers he decided to post here which has only 60K subscribers clearly trying to limit the engagement and the spread of this video. Shame on you, Doctor Mike. Shame on you!
Reading these comments is honestly so heartbreaking. He’s a human being, yes he made a “mistake” but you’re all crucifying him as if you’re any better. Pointing fingers as if you have never made a mistake..  he’s a doctor not God. Instead of bashing him how about pray for him?  The world has enough hatred.. everyone is always preaching to spread love & peace but when things hit the fan all of that goes out of the window.  Everyone needs to look in the mirror & work on themselves. NO ONE IS PERFECT. Only God. PERIOD.
What a shame 😒 you don't even had the courage to put this in your main channel, I guess subs and money is the most important thing to you 😑
why was this not uploaded to your main channel?
Did you get covid19? If not, let’s all promote opening the country. We don’t where masks for fear of the flu... let’s stop with the nonsense.
If you're a hypocrite then just say that no need to upload this video one your second channel where less people can see it.
he needed to get laid yall poor guy
His shirt is so fucking annoying and distracting
I stopped watching you back when you got political. And voila, you've become a victim of your own political leaning. You, along with nearly every liberal politician in America today, live by the motto "do as I say, not as I do."
BTW, you're full of what needs flushing...... The hard one!!!!!
“Breaking someone’s trust is like crumpling up a perfect piece of paper. You can smooth it over but it’s never going to be the same again.”
I mean, I’m not saying let’s just cancel dr mike cuz I feel for the most part good and true information is giving on his channel, def not this one but the main one. But you can’t say to attack you not the science when you’ve made yourself the face for science throughout this pandemic. You made a choice, as informed as it could have been, but you can’t choose which consequences you’re willing to accept because of your actions. It just sucks to see 😔
I just want people to think if he would have issued any kind of apology if he wasn’t caught doing this. He’s sorry he got caught. His reasoning behind this decision were paper thin, especially for a doctor. Do better, be safe.
yeah yeah yeahh
Nice job posting to second channel.  Bye first channel sub.
"I will remember that I remain a member of society, with special obligations to all my fellow human beings, those sound of mind and body as well as the infirm."
You're apology is insincere. You wouldn't  add  your friend surprised you  with a yacht  and women.  If you're a medical professional   or in any medical field.  Regardless of  what you thought  this pandemic is  getting worse.   Hypocrisy  is  a thing  you may have  fooled people but. You need to learn.  You may be young.  No excuse
When I see Mike talk I see a mature adult who cares about others not just thinks about himself getting sick. When I turn on the news and see people saying they are young and they don’t need to worry, I see nothing but a bunch of immature babies. We need to be better.
Lot of armchair experts here with a lot to say off a 4 minute video and a photo.  He's still a good man & Dr. He still made a poor decision. Both things can be true.
Stfu, think anyone is going to actually believe anything you say after this? Fucking hilarious
Everyone here is really quick to cast stones
lol posting on his second acc to hide from ppl on his main that might not know
respect lost :(
You know better than that.
Why isn’t this on your main channel?
I hate the argument about personal risk. My sister in law is low risk and went out and did things. This week, she saw my 86 year old father. Two days ago she tested positive. I’m so worried about my dad now. You may be low risk, but you can PASS THE VIRUS TO SOMEONE WHO IS HIGH RISK.
I think you are an honest and honorable man and dr. Unfortunately when you are in the public eye you can be put under a lot of pressure and people often tend to notice when you make a mistake more than when you have successes. Even though people like you make similar mistakes like this every day they often never have to confront it as publicly to millions of people and maybe never even think it’s a mistake. I pray people will stop using you as the reason covid is fake. Just keep doing what your doing dr. Mike. This video alone shows how mature, wise, and wholesome you are.
*WeLl BeLow CaPaciTy* Man, you really out here tryna pretend a boat full of like 15 hoes is less than 8 people??
Lol gg
it's so hard to not party...
Loser.
Yikes. Dr Mike, as a fan of your channel, this is not the way to apologize.   This video is 4 minutes too long and should have started with “I ignored covid quarantine protocols and was selfish, and recognize that I abused my position of privilege in getting on that boat. I’m sorry and will address my mistakes in a future video.”
This guy is a hypocrite. He’s only famous because of his physical appearance. Remember, he went to a subpar medical school so don’t I wouldn’t trust his “medical expertise”
If you catch covid, you have 99.9% survival rate.  And this clown knows that, thus went partying.
I use to respect Dr Mike, like Dr Drew, yet both have really shown horrible judgment during this pandemic.
*curb your enthusiasm theme*
Do as I say, not as I do.
This is what happens when you know the virus is fake, so you don’t wear a mask, but you still speak about how the virus is real. Stop shilling just like you shill for vaccine companies. How much do you get paid from Pfizer and Modern for injecting people with poison? Is it worth it???
Pathetic.
Logan Pauls apology videos are more believable.
I understand that you stated that you had looked up guidelines and done things within those guidelines, but did you seriously not consider how insulting and decidedly un-menschlike it would be to go partying while people have cancelled weddings, trips to see their family, funerals, bris and baby naming ceremonies, bar and bat mitzvot, and more? Shame on you.
Nice Gavin Newsom impression
people here in mississippi are living life as normal. ive had several maintenance people in my house this year with no mask. I feel too awkward to say anything to tell a grown man to put a mask on. my sons football season was business as usual. there are a TON of people who are doing things that spread the virus and they think nothing about it. my point is that the hate is only because you're a public channel.... many, many other people are living their life as normal and most receive no grief for it.
Nah fam, you just experienced the impact of fame
People make mistakes,  its how you own up to them that shows who you really are.  I take this apology for what it is, an apology,  admitting that you are not perfect and as a human,  are allowed to make mistakes.. doctor or not, no one is perfect. Thank you for being humble enough to explain yourself even when you didn't have to. That's what I appreciate most about you. This mistake does NOT (or rather should not) negate the positive impact you've made on your viewers or the things you have accomplished. Continue doing what you with your head held high dude. * gets off of soap box*
You are not sorry that you went out during a pandemic. You are sorry that you got caught.  You are not fooling anyone with your sob story.
This just seems like nothing else I could describe but as... Fake.
So, what happened? I just saw this and have no idea what the original buzz was about.
Dude this is a sad excuse as an apology lol. At least post it on your main channel.
Blah blah I’m sorry I got caught bullshit. Another tool.
"Can't promise that I won't make another mistake" meaning if there's another party, I will definitely party on!! On a serious note Dr. Mike, I feel like maybe your assessment skills aren't the best and maybe you should focus on really learning your trade and the impact that you have on everyone around you. The advice that you put out and the expertise that you supposedly have are used by people to help make choices and understand the current situation. You've betrayed our trust at a time when so few people can be trusted, you just became one of the bunch. Thank you I hope Dr. Faucci wasn't the one taking the pictures.
What exactly did he do on a boat and with who?
Let’s be honest we have all been outside ether it’s school, partying and more just look at your rappers and singers or even Tick-tock stars.  We should forgive but not for get  .
Fucking putz
Dude, c'mon... Obviously slip ups happen but you blatnetly lied on this video. There were well over right people on that boat... Not to mention you've been advocating for people to stay home. And you decide to go do this?? This hurts the message to stay home and that masks are effective. It's not your words here that are bought into question it's your character.
Always thought this guy was a little snake in the grass spreading propaganda  ...
As many times as he likes checking others, glad to see him fall
Why not on your main account you dingus
Wait, so youre saying you did this taking into account that youre not in a high risk to i jury from COVID. So youre saying you took 2 weeks off after this to make sure you didnt infect or injure any of your family or, in a way even worse, your patients??
Idk why everyone is saying this is a bad apology. I think it's safe to assume a lot of the people criticizing you don't follow the covid guidelines either, yet here they are attacking you.
He's human and he made mistakes.. he said a lot and he's a role model for a lot of people. A lot of people see him as a symbol and see him as this perfect specimen. He tried to avoid it from many people because of the impact of people knowing. He's also human. He apologised. Get over it.. he said he strives to do better. He's done a lot and he made a mistake and he apologised. Nothing more.. I forgive you Dr. Mike. The haters were just looking for an oppotunity and being an influencer is hard. I wish you all the best
I’m just so disappointed. What if dr mike caught it and was a-symptomatic and ended up spreading it to his coworkers or patients. He doesn’t seem to address that point at all, only focusing on how it might affect him if he caught it, but he’s young and wealthy so will be fine. But maybe not all his patients and coworkers are. Maybe it wasn’t a factor for him. It’s just so disappointing that this is also on this tiny second channel instead of his main one. Trying to be understanding but I’m just so disappointed, Dr.Mike.
4:45 The infamous photo is WELL over 10 people. Hypocrite!
I really don’t care, lmao
Too scared to post this on the main channel despite this being a large issue, eh? Hoping for less traction?  Un-subbing. You are pathetic.
Post this on your main channel if you really are ready to accept the hate
I had a university professor once say that when you work in a million dollar company, you make million dollar mistakes. If you’re a huge influencer you’re going to make huge influencer mistakes. I was in HR for a couple of years and I made huge HR mistakes. Personally? I could care less. Not offended and yes I’ve had family that had COVID. It’s HIS problem, not mine. We’re all human, we’re all individuals and we make our own decisions.
When I am perfect, then I will cast my stone. Until then, people need to back off. My husbands whole family is dead. His mother died from Covid. His sister committed suicide not long after. No one is perfect and doctors and nurses and people like myself, 10 hours in PPE, day after day. It gets to you and it sounds like he made the best decision on the information he had. What more do people want?
Even the title is bullshit
You guys are all on your high horses but I’m sure over half of you have gone out and partied he is getting backlash only because his life is spread everywhere
Influencers are a cancer to society.
hypocrite
very disappointed not gonna lie
God dammit people asking why this wasn’t posted on his main channel. Ever wonder how i found it in the first place?
Why are people harder on a youtuber than they are with the president or legislators??
Why are we following these stupid guidelines? Neither he nor fauci & many other liberals follow them. Goes to show you... These drs know transmission is highly unlikely in these events. So WHY do they keep supporting opressive lockdowns for the rest of us?! This is just like a flu & you blow it out of proportion. I still like you dr. Mike, BUT can you just talk about how INEFFECTIVE & PSYCHOLOGICALLY DAMAGING lockdowns are, instead of continuing to push them? You obviously broke. You had enough & you had a lapse in judgement. You think you are the only one? No. So STOP pushing for lockdowns & restrictions!!!!!!
This feels like such bullshit. You’re a doctor - I haven’t gone to a party in months trying to end this and I also live alone and am young. You’re exposing people. If you’re trying to take accountability maybe don’t preface it with an excuse. People can’t see their loved ones dying and there is a massive spike.  You’re clearly a smart guy - act better.
You're a doctor. This sets a bad example and more of an excuse for people to do what you did. You're only apologizing because you're getting backlash! Its simple really. People are not seeing there loved ones during covid and it takes a toll, for you to be selfish just because it was your birthday is beyond me. Lockdown happened the week of my birthday and I stayed home, there is no reason to risk other peoples health. Truly disappointed.
The fact that this wasn't posted on his main channel shows a lack of sincerity. This is not an apology video, this is a sorry I got caught but I have "reasons" video.
Hahaha ur not a microbiologist or epidemiologist stfu.
Just admit this "pandemic" is a scam
this guy is ridiculous.
The AUDACITY
Post this on your main page.......because a lot of people follow you and take your advice.  They need to see this.
Nobody cares about the risk to yourself, think about everyone you don’t know that crossed you path hat you could have infected because maybe you’re asymptomatic.   And wear an undershirt
Everyone just chill. Dr mike I wish you the best in these times and I hope you know you should not beat yourself up about it because we all make mistakes and honesty you are still probably better at wearing your mask than I am. But through this I still look up to you for admitting and saying sorry. I wish you the best dealing with the media💛
You are a terrible, selfish human
Did you see the pu$$y that was on that boat? I'd risk it 100000x!
This is the first comment section I have seen where people are actually smart lol, how is it that in every influencers comment section no one is talking about how they are literally going to the mall and hanging out with their friends, sometimes without a mask? Keep in mind these are the same people who at the beginning of quarantine we’re talking about social distancing and washing your hands. Am I disappointed that a doctor didn’t make a good choice? Yes I am, but I would really like to see this energy in the comments directed to people with much larger platforms (aka tik tokers) who are telling their viewers it’s ok to go every Friedan night to a restaurant in the middle of a pandemic. The level of immaturity and irresponsibility that I have seen from people these past moths is just depressing. There are mothers fathers siblings grandparents freaking families who are being destroyed because of this virus and people really have the audacity to say that they are going out with their friends. My best friend is moving to another country because her mother lost her freaking job and I can’t even hug her goodbye because I live with my grandma who is 80 and I don’t want to get her sick. This just makes me so mad.
Doctors have been fighting and helping people non stop for over 8 months, and you are going to tell me that they are not allowed to take vacations or make mistakes?  He is owning the fact that he messed up yet all the comments are super negative. I don't know what you would like to hear but I am open for amicable discussions. What should be his apology?
Hopefully he is banned from entering any hospitals
Covid is a hoax. You don't even believe in it when out an about but preach to wear one. I will never wear a mask, won't be a part of the slave mind control you try to instill from your globalist overlords.
I know he’s a doctor and he should be an example, but don’t you guys think that doctors have it hard. like I know there’s no justification for his actions but there’s a LOT of people going on holidays and hanging out everyday. he deserves a break. he’s not the person who ate the bat. he’s just a doctor who’s been trying to heal people and educate and entertain people on youtube.
I have a couple questions regarding your “apology”:  1. If you say that you shouldn’t wear a mask in places where you could get wet, then why is there a video of you on the boat wearing a mask (below your nose) when cracking someone’s neck? 2. If the CDC says 10 people on a boat is the limit, then why were there 15 people there in the uncropped image? 3. If you went to Miami and were “surprised” with a private boat, then why did you choose to go out to dinner and a club after?  I understand that you calculated your “personal” risk, but what about the risk of everyone else? You are a DOCTOR, what if you had given COVID to one of you patients who was more high risk? Your actions are a CHOICE, the least you could’ve done is own up to them instead of whatever bullshit excuse this was. So disappointed, I expected so much more from you.
Dude. You did some thing that was needed for you to stay sane.  You will hoepfully do a covid test before going back to work.  You are human. Doctor second
You make me sick 🤢
What you did is inexcusable, especially since you are a doctor. But it also is important to note that your other videos are factual and entertaining and is one of the main reasons for the correct education of medicine in the public. Don't worry, to make mistakes is human. But each mistake has it's own consequences. It's how we deal with them that makes us who you are. You are human, not a fictitious character. People make mistakes.
🙄
Im wondering why people are asking why this isnt on his main channel when this channel isnt even hidden by mike
Its making the video on the second channel instead of the main one for me
What happened. Why does everybody hate him?
To be blunt, I see this video as a lot of smoke.  But, if you had already prepared to quarantine on return, that makes sense. Although you said yourself that they don't know the long term consequences of catching it and you were willing to catch it in order to hang out with a ton of hotties.  You've always been careful with your image and practicing what you preach.
Dont  hear what people said you make a mistake
Hypocrite. uwu
Thank you for admitting you made a mistake and apologizing for it. We’re all human, and we want to be around those we love, especially with the pandemic lasting so long. But it is lasting this long because of situations like this, where people make the same judgement to have a few minutes of fun instead of staying safe and keeping others safe too. You are watched by many who adore your content, so I am glad you are taking responsibility for what your actions tell your viewers.  I suggest you post this on your bigger channel as well. Make this a learning opportunity for everyone, including yourself, and keep it as a reminder of the lives lost and crippled to a deadly, destructive illness.
today, on the clowns show: narcissism
Ur unfollowed
You’ve legitimized anti-maskers. You’re not sorry you partied, you’re sorry you got caught.
Why didn't you post this on your main account.
I just wanna know, why this video isn't posted on the main channel or mentioned on ur insta if u are that sorry?
I have no idea who you are, but I can tell you're a complete piece of work just from 3 minutes of time. You don't deserve any more than that.
i’m seriously so disappointed with this whole situation, you’ve been the example i point to whenever people tell me i’m being overly cautious for wearing a mask and not attending big gatherings and things like that. i hope to see you set a better example in the future.
practice what you preach big boy
Just because you can... Doesn't mean you should.   Honestly had a vibe that he was shady and this just confirms it.
You just said you made informed choices to "risk it". This wasn't a mistake.
He is basically apologizing for being caught
Genuinely, truly disgusted. To add insult to injury he post his apology on his second channel, you know that one far less popular, the one that won’t reach as many people as the other one with millions of subscribers. Trying to keep up an image I see. 🙄🙄
Yo this kinda sad. We all make mistakes, so I don’t believe he deserves so much hate...
I think the negative comments are uncalled for. You are human, and you made a mistake. I still have nothing but respect and gratitude for you and will continue following you and learning from you. I don't know if you celebrate Thanksgiving or not, but I hope you had a great one. God bless you and keep you safe and healthy.
Man, I actually liked you too.
Hypocrite. There's more than 10 people on that boat in the picture, which is above capacity. You are not wet, which means you weren't swimming, so you could have worn a mask as you walked around your private boat. There was no excuse. I'm going to quote Cristine from Simplynailogical for a summary of how I feel. "People aren’t just mad at rich/famous ppl for having unsafe parties. Many have testing and are screening guests and so on. People are mad bc the luxury of being able to do exactly that and go on with life and party w/friends & family is exactly what most ppl can’t do safely. But doing so feels a lot like “it’s not my problem you’re poor” and it doesn’t sit well with most people who look up to you.  (for any influencers wondering why “but we all tested negative” isn’t a good enough answer). " You're just a pretty boy playing doctor. You just dug the hole for DO doctors a little deeper today. You aren't sorry you did it, you're sorry you got caught.
I think it's ok - you did your best.
TRASH
I am gearing up for a really fun temporal lobectomy (brain surgery) for my epilepsy on the 16th and I could get royally boned if I get the nasty bug because I HAVE to get this done by the end of the year due to insurance. If I somehow get in contact with someone who is so careless like this and can contract, I could get screwed big time. Also, I am a chronic asthmatic to add insult to injury.
Sounds like a bunch of bullshit.
In the words of Rhianna- "don't tell me you're sorry cuz youre not, I know you're only sorry you got caught. But you put on quite a show really had me going, that was quite a show very entertaining, go on and take a bow"
Can we cancel this phony
You trying to excuse away your behavior is unbelievable, it’s so sad to see how disgusting and hypocritical your behavior has been. You are an adult who intentionally made these decisions that can put your patients and everyone you come in contact with at risk. As a medical professional, we all know that you know better than this and your actions are directly against the oath that you took. Do better and stop letting fame go to your head, can’t support you anymore
Unfortunately the logic you used as part of your justification is flawed. "Thinking about risk - I live alone." Okay, did every one of your friends produce a negative test result before embarking on the boat? Do each of them live alone? Does everyone on your flight back to NY live alone, and they're all young and healthy enough to fight off COVID? Your Uber drivers who brought you to and from the airport - they live alone and are pictures of health too, right? Of course the mask you wear in these scenarios would decrease the chance of you passing COVID to them, but it doesn't eliminate it. I'm struggling to find a more gentle way to put this, Dr. Mike - it's a selfish way of thinking.
Clown
Piece of trash.  Post this on your real channel.
I’ve followed you for well over a year. That ends today. I hear experts preach it, I listen. I’m about done with these fucking masks if the experts aren’t even going to do it
Lmfao you're such a tool!
I thought this would be a proper apology but it leads with a fabricated story about how what he did wasn’t completely and absolutely wrong.  Unsubscribed, not coming back.
Hippocritic Oath
We all make mistakes :)
The mistake doesn’t matter, every human does that. Is the way you handle it and care for it that differentiates you from others. Whether you try to fix it or ignore it is what’s important. Well said Dr. Mike. I hope we can all learn new things in this pandemic. Its a new situation and it is completely understandable to make mistakes. My respect for you doesn’t waver one bit.
LMFAO dude really did this on an account that his followers dont really watch. 10/10 fake apology, even worse than Jeffree Star’s
Apologies made to the public don't have the same weight as an apology to one person, or even a few people. Everybody stop cancelling Dr. Mike; we all know you wouldn't want to be in his shoes at the moment. I'm not saying he's right or what he did is right, but why should we care about an online apology?  Leave him alone, for Pete's sake. He is a great, talented, respected doctor and he is owning up for what he did. That is all.
🙄
This is stupid, he’s fine
You’re still great
”The apology is for those who have followed me on this channel and been loyal subscribers” except not cos you’re MISSING ABOUT 6MILLION OF THEM. Put this on your main channel, this is a cop out.
Looks like he's not sorry enough to post this to his main channel where most of his audience can actually see it. 😒
This sure as heck isn’t accomplishing what you want it to. Oh well. 50/50 you’re canceled or no one remembers in 2 days. Let’s find out!
To err is human, I hope you realize that now you have a bigger responsibility to keep the fight up.  Your apology makes me respect you more !
of course it’s a white rich male acting up lmao. you’re just an influencer. go to hell.
It’s true your a liar 🤥
He linked this though his main channel. That's how I saw it. Those who are subscribed will see this.
Just a reminder that the science has shown that there is very little risk of Covid when you are outside in the sun as UV light kills the virus and the germs tend to blow away.
Dude you should not have posted the pictures...just saying 😒
Hope you cough up a lung. No excuses. You’re sorry because you got caught.
It’s safe EVERYONE!!! 99% survival rate!
Bro post this on your main channel
What a fake YouTube personality you are "Dr Mike". Seriously, the only reason you even put out this video on your SECOND channel is because you got caught being the REAL you online. You have proven everyone that you're no one but "instagram model wannabe who pretends he is a doctor"
Yall gotta chill. He made a mistake who cares lol move on. I don’t even like him but honestly it’s not a big deal jeez yall ready to cancel anyone at anytime, dont you have problems of your own? A mistake has been made. Ok next.
Why isn’t this on your main channel??? I tried looking for an apology there, and I would have assumed you didn’t put this out if it didn’t come up when searching for your main channel. Seems like you are trying to appease people criticizing you while not bring attention to it on your main channel.
😬😬😬😬😬
Alright we get it guys. Dr mike could have made it worse and said it never happened. And yet he admits to his mistake
I never knew you had a second channel until now this should have been on your main channel. But can I just say, as a doctor seeing you make that one stupid choice kind of hurts. Just because I had an aunt die of Covid, my grandma had it luckily is okay. My brother has had so many close contacts because of school, but was safe because of the protection of masks. This year I've stayed home, I missed my best friends sons first birthday party which killed me, and I missed Thanksgiving with family along with going to miss Christmas. I think you could have missed this birthday party, I even missed my own birthday party and stayed home playing online video games with my cousins instead.
You're just sorry you got caught. You lost my respect. I'm the same age as you and in the same life factors (healthy, live alone, etc), but all I have done AT MOST is visit my parents occasionally and I finally met up with 5 friends for an outdoor brunch at a house after 6 months. Plus, I work at home and so I am literally not exposed to anyone, I use instacart and shop online. You knew better. You're on the front lines. You just let your celebrity and ego make you think you're infallible.  Also, who is taking care of Bear? Is it your dad? Say you were exposed and went to pick Bear up and exposed someone else.. I should not have to explain this to you. This apology is insincere.
How tf is he still a docter?
He tells you to wear a mask and to social distance, but he himself doesnt do it ... Rules apply to everyone except him
Hhahahahah knew this guy was just a grifter LMAOooooooo
Did you see the kind of people he was partying with lmfao was it worth dude
This is so disappointing. We, as your subscribers and supporters, have had so much respect for you and then you do something so hypocritical.   You said that social distancing parties should not happen. Then there were the lies in the statements put out - saying you only didn’t wear a mask when getting in and out of the water when the photos show otherwise. You reference CDC and boating guidelines which talk about 10 people while your party alone showed more people in the photos. Do your friends all live alone and pose no risk for anyone? Because as a role model, you can’t just think of *your* risk, you also have to think of the risk posed by those around you.   I think what really frustrated me, aside from the hypocrisy and misrepresentation, was that you then used “feeling happy for the first time this year” as some sort of reasoning in your discord explanation. It felt manipulative. There are people stuck inside, scared to leave their homes, depression rates are up everywhere - a lot of people have been sad this year, have been hurt and scared and depressed, and unfortunately a lot of people don’t have rich friends who can hire a private boat just so they can feel happy. Mental health is important but there were other ways you could’ve celebrated and tried to have fun.   The worst part is that because of your hypocrisy, people are going to use that, regardless of your pleas otherwise. You’ve given anti-maskers justification and you’ve given your supporters doubts. A short video posted to a side channel isn’t going to combat that, nor is deleting critical comments and only liking positive ones. You’ve lost a lot of people’s trust, I only hope you can (and actually care enough to) earn it back.
You're irresponsible and clearly a hypocrite. You could at least post this to the main channel to have the semblance of taking even a modicum of responsibility for being a massive liar
I'm sorry I unsubscribed.
It doesn’t help anyone to be angry at past choices so I’m not angry at you. Time will tell if you’re really sorry and that will determine whether or not I continue to support you. Good people can make bad decisions. We have to judge on patterns not incidents.
Honestly my perception of you is changed forever. I don’t even see you as a doctor anymore you’re just a frat boy with an expensive degree.
As a person who has a higher influence, a professional position, it's more difficult to "let things slide". Let's get better!!  ❤️  Love you, Dr. Mike!
It’s ok man everyone makes mistake even doctors 👍🏽
at least put the apology on your main channel, very disappointed in you Mike.
masks don't matter
Bye fake doctor guy
We don’t need to see your face anymore. You are no longer attractive. You serve no purpose now. Peace out and go hangout with your superficial buddies chad
I can't help but be so disappointed. Not just in what you did, but that you didn't acknowledge this on your main channel. While I'm glad you are acknowledging and apologising for it, it kind of leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. I know no one's perfect.. I guess I can only hope you're being genuine here.
This wasn’t a mistake, it’s not like you popped out for groceries and forgot your mask one time. You traveled between states and had a birthday party. This was a selfish, PURPOSEFUL thing you did. People are dying. Hope you had a great birthday!!
Everyone makes mistakes, it is a part of being human. The important thing is to learn from those mistakes and to try and be better next time. Thanks for making this video.
A medical professional from new york who flew to florida to party.. With half assed apology, you get why people get upset and disgusted because they have been following with mask,social distancing,washing hands and stay at home and not seeing their love ones for months now, then you just went to florida to party sooo... by the end of the day you're only sorry you got caught
Doctor here. You knew exactly what you were doing. If you didn’t then I question your capacity to practice medicine.
So how was the boat?
lmao this guy is a total tool
Waiting for YT overlords to begin to manipulate the like/dislike counter to avoid the truth of what people think of this shill
Post on your main channel.
Give the guy a break. Of course I don’t condone his actions especially him being a medical professional. We’re all human and COVID has certainly affected everyone’s mental health with the world being even more unpredictable and the lack of socialization. Now is not the time to judge for someone wanting to escape this anxious mess of a world for a moment. We need more than ever to be empathetic to one another.  I hope this is posted on his main channel though since it is important and not just a clip. I’m glad there’s not a 2 minute crying session in this YouTube apology though 😂
Celebrity Doctor career is over homie
ITS A HOAX
The bad actors, conspiracy theorists, and anti-science nutjobs are exactly the impact of your actions. I am profoundly disappointed in you. You knew better and you have put yourself in the position of guiding others. As a doctor you should have known the right choice, as a social media content producer you should have known the impact, as a medical communicator you should have known the hypocrisy.  I have looked up to you, followed you, listened to you, and cited you for a long time. If I can't believe that you are being honest and genuine with the advice and knowledge you're imparting it absolutely demolishes my trust and respect for you. I can no longer feel comfortable recommending that people listen to you, even when I know what you're saying is true, because my credibility were I to do so would be damaged because yours is now in question.  I was ready to have Thanksgiving with my sister and mom. Total 5 people who have all been being rigorously careful, but I called it off because I had a tiny bit of a sore throat. I knew what I WANTED to do, but what I kept saying over and over was, "we all know the right choice."  You knew the right choice all along and you just did what you wanted anyway. I hope you're deeply ashamed of yourself.
Rules for thee not for me
I'm not trying to defend this man or anything, just looking at a different POV because this feels like a big witch hunt - How many people get backlash for working in an environment, such as retail, where they come in contact with 100s of people on daily basis? Yet get no praise for it? How many people break lockdown rules to meet friends and family after the government close down a lot of sectors to avoid mass gathering? How many people have forgotten to sanitize their hands after wiping their nose, touching money, door handles etc? People are so quick to jump on the bandwagon because this guy happens to be famous. If he wasn't, I'm pretty sure no one would say anything or would care.
You don't deserve this huge platform that you've gained with ease.
I have made a continuous lapse in my judgement.
You are so disappointing
Here's your headline - "Instagram Doctor Follows Influencer Apology Playbook"
When people realise the truth behind all this Covid bullshit, yours and many others credibility is going right out the fucking window! And you better ask God for forgiveness. because if you don’t, well, you know the thing!
Rules for thee not for me
Even doctors are people...I understand a bit the situation,after such a long time of having everything taken away we feel the need to just relax and let loose with friends.I get it! I don't condone it but I get it!
You're a doctor ffs, act like one... Other people in the health sector are dying because of the pandemic and you as a doctor, who should know better, throw all your medical knowledge away just to have a little birthday party. Disgusting and insulting to everyone that actually tries to fight the pandemic
Disappointed in you, dude. You accurately realized your mistake and whether or not you wanted the negative repercussions the internet is the wild west. The conspiracy conservative wackos will take what they can to use to show that...they aren't wackos lol.  You're young. Young people make mistakes but you're a pretty famous young person. Everybody's watching you.
What a fuckin TOOL!
To all the people who want to back Dr. Mike up remember this video isn’t on his main channel one. Two he should know better while preaching all these rules of us and to not follow is disgusting behavior by Dr. Mike. Three he didn’t even really apologize about what he did which was go to a party without masks which is the basic thing a person can do is where a mask. He only felt bad that his image and message was ruined so if he wasn’t a doctor would he at all feel bad? I don’t think he really would or own up to his mistakes, we wouldn’t have heard about this if he hadn’t been caught. I don’t wish anything bad for him or the people involved. I seem to find personally his apology, reasons and blatant disregard/ lack of transparency sad. I’ve seen children act better in this pandemic and apologize more sincerely.
Omg u guys are overreacting! Leave the man alone. I all acting like u didn’t break social distancing rules or guidelines. Plz go look at urself first. This covid virus is a risk but it’s much weaker and probably less dangerous than a flu by now. So go mind ur own business and leave this man alone! I personally haven’t kept any guidelines or rules around friends and family and everyone is ok. No one got covid. This is all bs by now
What a D-bag
When I watched this video, I still trusted you. Then I saw the photos. In your apology video, you seriously tried defending that? I've lost all respect for you, sadly.
Why would you post this on your clips channel with MUCH less reach than your main channel? Probably because you're hoping most people who sub to you never find out about this.
People we all make mistakes😑why go and hate on him when he clearly apologized😣
Bro, you're a doctor, your risk calculation did not take in the factor of spreading it to people who are already suffering from a medical condition.
I’m not saying what he did was alright it wasn’t but there are so many other people who are partying and ignoring the pandemic and yet no one is telling them stuff but when mike does this everyone attacks him mike is admitting to his mistakes he is being a real adult about this unlike others
The people you’re saying sorry to is very specific people. The people who are brainwashed by all this COVID BULLSHIT!
I'm done with you "Dr" Mike. You're full of it.
Even American doctors don’t care
love ya dr mike but post this one your main channel and maybe a redo cause this was not it....
Hypocrite. Can't even apologize on main channel.
I wish I could forgive this mistake, but I don’t know. It’s really disappointing. I thought I could trust Dr.Mike. I really enjoyed his videos and found them really informative. But i think I’m going to unsubscribe. I just cannot support a hypocrite.
im glad you have taken responsibility for your actions and your putting this message out into the world.
There’s a difference between a mistake and a choice. This was a choice. And choices reflect character. You made the decision to have too many on that boat, and not wearing masks. You said it yourself, you put so much time into planning that you could have used that time to say, “ no, I’m going to be safe. I’m going to respect those that have died and protect those who can in the blink of an eye.” But you didn’t, and here we are.
So sad how many accept this. He even lied in this video saying the boat was below maximum capacity.
It’s not our failures that define us, it’s what we learn and take away from those failures. Your grace and humility is something that we can all aspire to emulate!
You are a hypocrite, plain and simple. I used to think you were a man of principle. I can see now that I made a mistake in thinking that.
Sounds like a genuine apology to me, why are people losing their minds ??
You are talking but you don’t really mean it. You are a Ted Bundy of this generation
He's uploading the video on this channel so he doesn't lose subs.  His "real" account is just "Doctor Mike."
Doc Mike out here tryna pretend a boat full of hoes were his friends lol
Don’t be a hypocrite next time.
Literally unsubbed because I realised can’t take his narcissistic hypocrisy.
At least he didn't say, "I was in a dark place."
That first minute or so seems so rehearsed and fake
How about posting this on your main channel where people will actually see it 🙄
Your a good guy Mike. Your human.
Shameful, the pictures show it wasn’t a small mistake.
SIR U R THE SAME AS EVERY ONE ELSE U R TELLING US TO BE SAFE BUT U CAN'T EVEN FOLLOW THESE RULES THAT DOES NOT ONLY DISCOURSE ME I'M SURE IT DID TO MANY PEOPLE. I'M SORRY BUT IT'S JUST.   DISAPOINTING.😔😟😦😧
The amount of people embarrassing themselves saying “go see your family/friends” or “ don’t stay in lockdown it’s not as dangerous as it’s made out to be” is honestly shameful, it is a dangerous as it being made out to be, thousands of people are dying still everyday, over 1 million people have died from it, there’s 9 thousand people dying from it daily, why risk your lives and others peoples for the sake of a few hours with your family, you will get that time when it’s safe stop being so selfish, this apology was truely awful it began with him making excuses, then saying he deserves all the hate he’s gonna get trying to come across as woke, it was so cringe worthy, him out of all people being a doctor should know it’s no time to go out in a boat what a selfish human being.
Exactly what we need at this time .....another hypocrite doctor.....thanks again
Don’t be shy post this on your main channel
At our best only 31% of Americans actually socially distanced themselves.  In comparison to nearly 80% of Europe.
I'm sorry but this apology just feels disengenous to me ...
Typical rich white dude apology lmfao.
It's actually funny seeing everyone turn on this guy because he did something most people are doing, meeting with friends.
That’s really disappointing, Mike especially considering you’re a doctor and you know how hard this pandemic is for health workers.
You’re a joke. I hope you’re another canceled social media influencer.
Thank you, thank you! We're all human and deserve grace and compassion especially during rough times. Keep your head up and forgive yourself first, others will learn to forgive you as well. I already have, I'm glad you explained the situation more gave me more peace of mind that it was just a genuine oversight. Thank you Doctor Mike.
We all make mistakes. No one is perfect. You made a mistake, recognized it, and put forth a good apology. This is how people learn and grow. Respect to you for making this and admitting your mistake.
lol this is so insincere and fake. you're gross
He fucked up, no excuse there 💁🏼‍♀️ I seriously doubt most of us haven’t broken one rule and some point in this pandemic, it’s easy to think that one time doesn’t matter. I’m sure he just made a bad judgement call and thought it would be okay because he can quarantine and get tested. People like the kardashians and huge YouTube influencers going to parties all the time are the real irresponsible ones we should be holding more accountable
Well one thing I can appreciate before I even see the apology video is the fact that the title has proper syntax. Maybe I’m too used to seeing beauty influencers.
Dumb
You're sorry that you got caught. All you have is your credibility and that has gone down the drain.
rules for thee but not for me.
Unsubscribed Dr. Mike!
I was wondering why you came up on my news channel
The fact that his friends thought it was totally acceptable to throw him a surprise party like this speaks volume of Dr Mike's true colour behind the scenes. Your friends don't just propose to do something against your "stance" unless they knew from the outset that you would be fine with it. Just my two cents.
Ok first of all let me explain  I know everyone has a mistake, and they have rights to apologize. But in this context, you already lost your credibility as a doctor, Mike... You are hypocritical after all and I can't believe how you lost your mind with those parties, girls, money, and your fame and good looking appearances while people are believing you as a lovely doctor who they thought you were aware with this Coronavirus pandemic. Such a disappointment...  After all, Im glad that you apologize, but your credibility as a doctor might gone...
What normal person lives by themselves? Nah fam, you're a low-key narcissist.
unsurprising. I've seen your instagram. Really narcissistic. If you were a woman instead, people would call you Dr. Thot.  You brag about dating beauty queens in some of your videos. You're kind of a himbo.
Yikeess not a good luck.. dont have to go to med school to know that was a bad idea.
I doubt the subscriber count will go down. People don’t seem to be upset enough
This is all political bullshit. You have been brainwashed, masks do literally nothing they're a joke .
You're so lucky to be young, in shape, because a lot of doctors who have died weren't as lucky. I'm suuuure they would've understood your reasoning for going to go have a grand time, i just hope you don't have a lot of patients, i am scared for them.
To put it simply you are human, we all are and we all make mistakes. You did your part in following the guidelines.
Trump was right.
Post this on your main channel coward
“I deserve and accept the negative comments.” Proceeds to like the only ones forgiving him for his hypocrisy and stupidity.
People wont see this. There are only 60k subscribers on this channel. You have 6 MILLION subs on your main channel. If you were actually sorry. You'd post it there.
OMG. Stop being a shill for the narrative and live your life.
Idk lol you obviously understand your mistakes, like everyone says, you’re only human. This’ll pass, I really hope this won’t affect your career as a doctor. Jeez....
So it's wrong for doctors, nurses and therapists to have a bit of fun to wind down after working long hours but it's okay when most of the population are relaxing at home getting money from the government because they've been asked not to work to reduce spread? Yet go out partying, drinking and meeting friends/family?
Now this is how a youtuber/influencer makes an apology video. You can tell there is no acting in this, he never did a bunch of unnecessary crying. And most importantly, Mike took responsibility for his mistake and did not blame anyone. We are all human and I love your videos. Stay safe!
Who cares. I feel like he doesnt have to apologized for his actions. Hes on a boat w his friends and that was their choice.
My parents are a nurse & doctor who have to work OT because their hospitals (each) currently has over 1,000 health care workers that are positive with COVID. Although I believe we are all human and we all make mistakes, thus must endure the consequences of those mistakes. Dr Mike, you made the mistake of going to a party with over the maximum number of people allowed and no mask wearing during a global pandemic. Now you must endure the consequences of doing so. Not because you "got caught", but because you are a YouTube medical influencer and you're actions influence millions of people. You spoke about the COVID regulations several times in several videos, yet your actions showed otherwise. We have a right to be disappointed. I truly hope you nor the people on the boat, the future people they interact with, and your future patients contract this disease. Please understand that actions ALWAYS speak louder than words.
Thank you for even feeling the need to apologize for this. You are an example of how anyone (including doctors) can make mistakes, realize the mistake and take responsibility for them. I will continue to support you for that reason.
We are all human and we will always make mistakes whether we like it or not, but that does not mean that we will destroy someone based on that.  Who reads this, ask your self  "Have I ever made a mistake?"  For sure you did.  No one on the Earth is perfect.  I don't want to argue with anyone.  This is just my opinion.  (I am sorry if my grammar is bad)
Dang, as long as you learn for your mistakes, I guess. People seem to be really upset over this but idk I feel like they are just wanting someone to hate.... 😓😓🤨🤨
You're a doctor who should have known better. YOU might not be at greater risk, but you could still have been asymptomatic. America is experience deaths in the thousands on a daily basis, people on this platform look up to you for advice and follow your example and you behaved like fucking moron. Bravo
Going on the boat was not wrong but your right to acknowledge that your actions will ripple through society.
STOP DELETING MY COMMENTS, this is a genuine concern so how is this being classed as spam???
The fact that this is posted on a secondary channel made me not even want to take the time to watch it.
On the side channel too... can I get a YIKES!
Love that this isn’t posted on the main channel 🙄
Why isn’t this on your main account if you’re being truly honest
FAKE DOCTOR
“People leave negative comments, I deserve that, BUT” but negates all you said before!!!!
Yes he should have posted this on his main channel, but at least he admitted he's wrong which most people can't do
One rule for yourself one rule for others
No this does not mean wearing a mask and lockdown are worthless.
PUT THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL
WHY ISNT THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL
UPLOAD THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL
Live and learn. Just don't do it again. I'm sorry this happened to you. I work grocery stores I see some crazy things.
ᶰᵉᵛᵉʳ ᵇᵘʸ ᵃ ᶜʰᶤᶰᵉˢᵉ ᵏᵉʸᵇᵒᵃʳᵈ.
How did I know this guy was a tool? I’ve seen his videos before and I had a weird vibe about him. How did I know???
post it on your main channel please :(
I am a nurse and have found your videos to be informative and helpful.  I was so disappointed to see the pictures of your trip to Miami.  I do appreciate your apology, however.  You are correct that humans make mistakes, and I believe in giving grace in the same measure that I need it at times.  So whether it matters to you or not, I forgive your humanness.  You are also correct that you have negated your message to those who see Covid as a hoax.  This harms people you will never even meet.  I pray this has brought an awareness of the influence that you have.  Your message and your behavior matters.  Please keep up your good work.  We need you.
Dude. I’ve been wearing a mask since this all began. I’ve transitioned most of my college classes to an online format. I don’t leave my house unless absolutely necessary. I’ve talked my family out of SEVERAL ill-advised trips, where we later found that people who were there had it. My mother is immunocompromised and I have asthma. I know people who have died from this. And you think, that after all your lecturing about the importance of mask wearing and social distancing, that you have any right to show your face again? After all that’s happened, all of the sickness, all of the deaths, you thought that this was a bright idea? When all around you, doctors are working 72 hour shifts trying to save people they know can’t be saved, having to decide who lives and who dies, you think you have the right to party with your friends? If you were a soldier, you’d be tried for desertion! You have no right to call yourself a doctor or to criticize anyone else, not after this. Delete your channels, go back to work, and focus on being a better human being instead of an influencer. As far as I’m concerned, on your hands is the blood of any who died during what should have been your shift instead of attending what may well become a super-spreader event. For shame.
Very disappointed in you Dr Mike. Millions of people look up to you and you have presented yourself as an authority whose advice should be trusted during this pandemic. Despite that you have publicly gone against numerous pieces of strongly worded advice you have given to the public such as don't even have mini parties, don't travel and wear masks. Then to make matters worse you try to give excuses for why it's okay for you to break those rules and you hid this apology in your second channel which far less people follow. If you want to be a public figure who is trusted for his medical advice then you can't publicly act against the advice you are giving others.
I’m pretty confident that Dr. Mike will address this on the other YouTube page. But if he doesn’t, I appreciate this small act of contrition. Of course there will be many questions and accusations,. Will they be answered or addressed? It really doesn’t matter. Ultimately, Dr. Mike is just as fallable as we all are. If his actions create such ire, then a bigger question should be “ why do the actions of this one ordinary man dictate so much of my time and emotion?”  He is a doctor, not a god. He knows medicine and Maybe not so much about the social cognitive theory of morality.  Hopefully Dr. Mike will recover from this, learn from this and grow from this.  But what we should all do is keep on building each other up, encouraging each other and look forward to what I hope will be a better year in 21.
Not gonna lie, when I first saw an article about Dr. Mike in Miami, I thought it was a look-alike, or an old photo before Covid. I know he's a smart guy and actually gives sound medical advice, or at least logical advice coming from someone with a life science background. It's hard being a public figure, because it means he's not allowed to make mistakes without so much backlash. I don't think this is a fake apology, and rather, I think there was some serious self-reflection here. Good luck Dr. Mike.
Sorry Dr. Mike, but I've always lived by the "actions speak louder than words" philosophy. I can't take this apology seriously. A doctor of all people should be practicing what they preach; especially with your social media presence.
U done goofed
You have a massive channel, you chose to upload your "apology" to your tiny channel, you have a massive social media following across many platforms. Yet you did all that you did, went to Florida in general despite massive numbers of positive cases there, and you allowed people to photograph you and post it online. If you're going to do something stupid, at least be smart enough to realize that you are recognizable. This, along with being a shill for Noom (which is no legitimate, I'm almost 6' tall, and said I wanted to lose 10 pounds over the course of 6 months, and it told me to cut my calories to 1200 a day, which is not a customized plan and would have put me into a hypoglycemic attack) has made me lose all respect for you. You have a LOT to answer for, and this is only the beginning. If you look at Brene Brown's marbles in a jar theory you have just emptied out so many jars, and you will not regain it with a 5 minute video in which your body language is fairly disingenuous.
What are you apologizing for? Although this disease may be more contagious than the regular flu, it's extremely unlikely that you contract from someone Outside...but you know that.. ..especially on a Boat, in the middle of the Ocean , with the Wind Blowing..unless you were making out with someone that that actually has it...but you know that...x Being outside, wearing a mask, and  staying six feet apart.. it's supremely unlikely you would contract.. but you're a doctor so you know that..which means this video is your chance to virtue signal..but you know that..
Everyone makes mistakes. I can guarantee that everyone with a hateful and mean comment has made a mistake. I realize your mistake was during a pandemic. But every mistake ppl make has consequences not just your mistake. Thank you for owning up to your as I do the same. But I can guarantee that half the hateful ppl on here do not own up to there’s. Thanks for being human and honest.
A lot of excuses here. You, as a public figure, had a responsibility to set an example and you failed. People will be harmed as a result. It’s that simple. Why the excuses?
Stop making excuses for your bad choice.... Own up to your mistake and stop trying to save face. This should be on your main channel atleast....  People look to you for medical advice. Shame on you.
Let the bodies hit the floor Let the bodies hit the floor Thanks "doc".  You're making even more money by pretending you're sorry.
Mike for the love of god you DID NOT mess up that bad...oh no a nurse who has worked during these trying times decided to take some personal time off on a boat...seriously its not that bad ypu followed all the guid lines and assessed the personal risk and knew it was safe. You deserve that off time, you deserve that boat and the fun it brought with it. None of your real fans will care but understand why you do what yo do.
I'm not excusing Dr. Mike's actions HOWEVER, I'd like to point out that because he is in fact a doctor, he's getting all this backlash. If he was a normal person, no one would say anything. Yes, he needs to own his "mistakes". But he did mention he basically felt safe in this situation.  He took a judgement call.  Now, do I think this apology in sincere, yes but it's also to save face.  I don't think I'd put this on my main channel either because it's not his regular content. And people are finding the video that know about the situation. I follow him on Instagram and saw this in his stories. He's not hiding it, he's just not drawing a universal attention to it, because it's not necessary.  All the people shitting on him are part of the reason cancel culture exist. Nothing he says will be ok because you already pegged him as a bad guy.  Listen, he's human. Just like all of us. The only difference is he has a big platform on YouTube.....and he's a Doctor. How many people have done the same thing he's done, and thought " Yeah this is ok"? Seems to me like people love to peg others as bad guys then try to act like an angel. Like they've never fucked up. Get off y'alls high horse and move on. This is NOT the biggest issue for the time being.  He's been an advocate for wearing mask and being safe. You aren't owed an apology. Be happy he respected you enough to give you one. To those that have lost family and friends and have been effected by COVID-19, I'm sure your hurt by this and you have a right to be.   Guys, end the toxicity of cancel culture.
Main channel
We all make mistakes, that is to be human. A major issue arises when we put everyone in a position where everybody has to be making the right choices for as long as we are having to in this pandemic. I've followed the news stories of the virus since almost a year ago now, late December of 2019, and in summary, people made mistakes, lots of people did. I saw the article about Dr. Mike's time on the boat (definitely didn't look good) but I paused and reminded myself to gather the whole story as best I can before holding anything against anyone. I can't hold this incident against you, you didn't know it was going to happen beforehand, and you did your best to follow safety guidelines. There are a lot of people, even here in Canada, who are not making any effort to follow the guidelines and who are still meeting with friends and shopping and going about their day with little to no regard for the safety and wellbeing of others. As my province hit 1700 new confirmed cases in the last 24 hours, I worry my own new years with my dad will have to be put off much as visiting him this past summer was put off. We all need to come together and follow the guidelines. Follow any and all safety measures. A business can always be reopened with financial support, a dead person can't be brought back to life. Stay Safe
At least it wasn't a 40 minute apology
I understand people make mistakes so I'm not going to say something shitty. You aren't the only person who has gone out and done something less-than-safe. However, I will say that if you feel this apology was worth making here, it's probably also worth making in front of the full audience on your main channel. Fully own your error and most people will forgive you.
He did a horrible mistake, but I feel bad for him. He has the stress of trying to help patients stay alive long enough to fight off a virus he can't truly treat and just watching them slowly decaying due to it. And probably lost more patients that his brain can handle. And now getting personal ripped on by everyone for good reasons but those who are also ignorant to his own personal life.  People just look at a photo, news articles, and this video has solid proof that yes we know your personal life and your mistake deserves no sympathy. And when Twitter starts trashing you and the media there is no good option to do to bring back trust in people. He can't say sorry cause people will find that a sign of guilt, he can't say nothing cause that will be seen a sign of ignorance, and he can't do anything to relieve this burden his placed himself on. The world is filled with so much depression and people can't just be happy in there own way. I hope we can build back the trust with Doctor Mike. And why are you reading this? My option is not important.
people could die BECAUSE of him reckless action.. u choose a laid hot girl party than people life.. shame on u :(
You should also post this on your main channel.
I feel a little betrayed. I trusted you to tell me the correct information and you contradicted a lot of your advise. However, I know that we are all getting sick and tired of staying home but There is no excuse for putting people in danger. Please make smarter decisions. I hope you have learned from your previous choices and I will continue to watch and listen to you as a reliable source.
This jewish actor obviously doesn't believe the propaganda he spews on his channel. This virus has a 99.6-99.9 survival rate for everybody under 70. This needs to be a mainstream fact but this is still being gaslighted to oblivion and swept under the rug. What a twilight zone we live in, ay.
The CDC death rates are well below 0% with all the age ranges except 78 plus. Are you going to talk about that?
It’s not a mistake. You said yourself you considered the risks and then you went and did it anyways
Mike of all things you shouldn't have done that we are in a pandemic and several people lost family members to this birthday or not ya could have had a small birthday party with a few people like your family like I did my family we had my birthday at home but seeing that you was on a boat partying up when you said "wear masks social distance and wash your hands" and you think this is okay to post if you truly was thinking you'd be like "yeah maybe not a great time to post that" most people would love to do that but this just puts others at risk I want you to do better this isn't something to laugh about and make a apology like this good luck getting my view back as this isn't something funny I have to agree with everyone here and say "you need to do better"
When will this be posted on the channel with the additional 5 million subs? Totally understand that everyone makes mistakes, we are all humans that aren’t perfect. 2020 has been emotionally and physically difficult on many BUT this feels like you are trying to hide rather than sharing the story and encouraging people that we all still have the ability to adjust our future actions. If you haven’t warn a mask the last few months, you can still start tomorrow with one when you go get coffee.  Please make sure all your subs get a chance to see how we can all bounce back when we inevitably are wrong in the future.
Deception
Haters gonna hate. Own your mistake, learn and keep going. You f* up, but those who acuse you spread misinformation, not the same.
Can someone explain the situation? He had a boat party while following guidelines?
He did a mistake, but it was also brave on his part to aknowledge it. He could have easily denied it. He could have said that those pics.where edited, or he was merely trapped, yet he was man enough to own up to his mistake. I think, he did the right thing here by publicly apologizing.  No need to hate or bash him for this. Correcting him is OK but please...be KIND. That's what lacking in us, we are so easy to hate and judge especially to influential people like him. In reality, I bet even his senior doctors/colleagues already disciplined him for that mistake so sayint those cruel words won't do any good. We need to understand that he's also human like us, prone to making errors. Hopefully, this will serve us a lesson for him, and also for us to be more discerning with our decisions. Every action has a consequence so be extra careful.
Just live your life. Don’t care what others think.
Posting this on your second channel doesn't make it seem like you're sorry. You made bad choices and are deflecting blame from yourself.  You should do better Dr Mike.
Surprise or follow guidelines?
I didn’t wear a mask in a Walmart and got blasted for it by your fellow health professionals. They actually pointed out a video you made before to try and prove me wrong. It’s shameful to see another person adopt the rules for yee but not for me, you call out president Trump for not wearing a mask but you do the exact thing you warned him not to. This is truly sad. Surely you’re self aware enough to realize that you are the single most influential doctor in the world. There is not a single doctor worldwide that is listened to on the scale you are. You have set a terrible example for the medical industry that will certainly cause ordinary to lose even more trust with doctors. And yet the worse of all was the fact you didn’t have the balls to post it on your main channel and tried to half apologized by trying to limit how many people would see.
Im severely disappointed in him. I honestly understand where he is coming from and I probably would be tempted to do the same, however    your a doctor and there are millions in isolation who look up to you for advice and a role model.
The fact that you put this on your alt channel with way less subscribers than your main channel is pretty sus
bruh
A minute in.. and he’s already making excuses. I used to be a supporter. However, part of being (or at least, wanting to be in your case) an example to society is PRACTICING WHAT YOU PREACH. especially when you are giving medical advice to your viewers and then going behind their backs and not giving a second thought on your hypocritical actions. I do not believe for a second this was a mistake, it was definitely a choice. A choice to TRAVEL, a choice to meet with friends outside your bubble (or do you even have one?), a choice NOT TO WEAR A MASK. So many choices. And not even a thought about the lives you are risking, your PATIENTS. FOH about you and “your risk”... you could be potentially exposing an exponential amount of people. In a PANDEMIC. It’s all too much. This nurse is over it. Bye dr mike
Seriously thought you’d think twice with your career and all your followers?!
Risking yourself is one thing- but then people get sick and end up in the ER and then expose every doctor and nurse there that’s caring for them. It’s NOT just about individual risk when someone is contagious and therefore inevitably affects people other than yourself.
AND JUST REMEMBER ITS BCS OF YOU
NO IM GOING TO ATTACK ALL THE DOCTORS
He fucking messed up, he made it clear that he knows he messed up. It's sad to me to see the people in the comments calling him a hipocrite, all of us have done stuff like this at some point, the only difference is that he has a large platform and we don't. he is a fucking HUMAN for goodness sake give him some grace, it's not like he continues to to this, no this is the one time, ONE.
YEAH COVID 19 IS SERIOUS, NOW LETS GO PARTY TOGETHER
post this on your main channel
Bruh, this guy is a joke 🤣
RONA IS THERE WITH YOU
Why not post this on your main channel? It make it appear that this apology isn’t sincere and more of a “damage control” situation.
Honestly, I sensed that something is off about Dr.mike in the first place.  Anyway, I don't follow him I just watched a few of his videos.
AND ALSO U ARE NOT A GOOD ACTOR
As a doctor you should know to wear a mask anyway
You put ppl at risk when you go back to work in the healthcare world!!! From someone who personally has had covid.. F U!!!
I think you are being too hard on yourself. You did not throw caution to the wind, you measured your risks and took every precaution to be safe. Please know there are many of us out here who know you don't take your influence on us lightly, nor are you hypocritical. I certainly appreciate your candor. Much love to you, Doctor Mike.
AMEN
This was is no way right, however, I don’t believe this wrong move takes away from all of the good you’ve done in the past. Although I wouldn’t call this a “mistake”. You knew the risk, you chose to ignore it. I love you and your channel and will continue to look up to you, but please be aware that you are impacting people with every move you make. Much love. Also this is exactly why cancel culture is so incredibly toxic🤷🏻‍♀️
There’s no need for you to say sorry. You have to live your life! Thanks for all you do.
YOU LET PEOPLE DOWN
YOURE NOT A DOCTOR
If it looks like a 🦆 Acts  like a 🦆 And tastes good with plum sauce: Then it can only mean that Dr. Mike is a QUACK🦆
Should have posted it on the main channel. Otherwise seems genuine. Also stop the bee woop intro. Its cringe
SHUT UP
WHY DID YOU POSTED THIS ON YOUR SECOND LITTLE CHANNEL???? HUH?
You my friend, are a hypocrite.
The truth is no one takes COVID as seriously irl as they claim publicly. As he said, he is young and healthy -- there is little risk. Sure, folks need to be aware of the genuine risks that are present, but time and time again we are shown just how much of a disparity there is between the rhetoric, the data, and the actions surrounding this virus.
Didnt know this channel existed 😳
Also..random, but for G’s sake..put a tshirt on under that shirt!! Gross🤮
Oof that was a stupid move. Lead my example, jesus 🙄
You literally had fifteen people when the rules said that maximum were 10 and you never had a mask on when you were so close to them and you literally told your fans not to party even with social distancing in a video and just did this which you did not post on your main channel because you just want the people who know to forget and others don’t know that your advice is useless and u just make videos to make money, you might not even be a real doctor.
Everyone deserves  a second chance.
The mask are not a benign thing. It is with the combination of a mask, wash own hands, remain 6 ft apart that we can go out and still work or function.  Wow. Being a health care professional we need to send a clear and scientific evidence message. Not the ' do as I say not as I don't behavior.
I understand the backlash and disappointment. However, anyone who follows Mike knows he is more than a "hot doctor", an "influencer", or an "actor". A lot more.  Let's not let one mistake, a grave mistake may it be, but still one single mistake, overshadow all the good he has done and always intends.
Can't believe someone I thought was a good example to everyone did something like this...this apology really means nothing.
I feel like people aren’t even that mad about you flying down to Miami or really even getting on a boat... it’s the fact that u literally were partying with what, 10, 15 people? That picture with you cuddling up with all those girls and your buddies really just show what you were doing. It wasn’t a oh my friends got me a boat so we drank some bear and hung out. You were actively taking part in what you were specifically telling everyone not to do.
mmmhummm
There was more than 10 people on the boat, so you didn't even follow the rules?
it's so obvious that he's only doing this bc he has been caught not bc he really means it lol
❤️❤️❤️
indeed dr mike foked up. So he is a human afterall, not a perfect health AI robot. Its bad mistake though. Proves how one bad slip can impact people negatively if you are internet persona.
Hiding & filtering out comments I see lmao
Dr Mike...you should look up Narcissistic Personality Disorder...you should probably be diagnosed with this!! You really think you are above the rules!!! Ha!!! YOU ARE THE BAD ACTOR!!! Dang!! So disappointed!!!😒😞
this looks so scripted bye
0:55 oh yes, you being on an affluent boat with friends means you can’t wear a mask while “doing activities that make you wet”.
You post this on your 2nd channel? .... with 6 million less subscribers?   🤔
Your friends surprised you during a pandemic.... Clearly they felt comfortable doing this, which makes me think this wasn't the first time. When I first saw they photo my heart stopped. You should've been dropped from all contracts and sponsorships immediately, SMH.
So basically is do as I said not as I do. Very disappointing
Says he apologizes, but then proceeds to  list a bunch of excuses.  _Translation_ : Sorry,  but *NOT* sorry
I'm really weary of this because as your fan I should not have had to search for this apology video. It should have been uploaded to your main channel and shown up in my feed. I didn't even know this channel existed. And obviously not a lot of other people did either considering this channel only has 60.1k subs.
This apology is full of lies. There are 15 people in the picture including Dr Mike and the maximum amount of people that should be on a boat is 10 people. None of them were keeping distance between each other and no one was wearing a mask. I can't believe he spent years and so much money on a doctor's degree and still does things like this. Absolutely unbelievable and disgusting.
i’m so disappointed lolz you're so hypocrite
Perception is reality.
Why does this have so many dislikes?
Thank you for addressing your personal choices when it became clear that they were going to have an impact beyond you. You are allowed to live. You followed the rules and made an assessment of risk and you made a personal decision. You do not have to apologize for that. I will still be watching your channel.
Still love you, no matter what!
This make me sad. I never look at the trending but wants to look up some music and hit it to see what was out there. I found this. I was confused as I am an avid follower of Dr. Mike and this isn't his channel. Come to fine out this is on his "other" channel. I am not sure how I feel about this. We all make poor decisions. That is to be human, but I never would have known because I didn't know of your "other" channel and that make me conflicted. I am glad you are healthy. I do think you need to post this on your "main" channel though. Give us some credit that we know you are human and will make oopsies.
1. You're not sorry you did it. You're sorry you got caught and called out. 2. You're a medical professional and an adult. How do you not know by now that your actions have consequences when, this whole time, you've been preaching that you need to stay home because of the risk it poses to others and yourself. 3. The fact that this video is on your second channel, which has far fewer subscribers and far less visibility speaks  V O L U M E S  about how transparent you're willing to be. 4. You could easily have said no to your friend who surprised you with the boat. Lots of people (myself included) who aren't medical professionals have turned down plans and continue to do so despite the pandemic and social distancing fatigue we all feel.  I understand you're human and we all make mistakes, but this is just about the biggest mistake a medical professional can make in the midst of a pandemic. maybe instead of just saying you're going to learn from your mistakes and continuing to post on ur main channel like everything's fine, you should take a step back from social media and reflect.
Those likes gotta be fake
Not gonna be this easy
He seems very honest
post this on your main channel.
A fake pandemic. You know it's not real, you know you'll loose your license if you tell the truth so you have to keep lying . You tell us what to do but you don't do it yourself. Just say the truth man. You know covid isn't serious and that masks don't have an effect on the virus and you know that. If you really are a doctor you would know that.
I was a big supporter of yours but this rly disappointed me and I think I can't be anymore, you should have posted this on your main chanel and you wouldn't have apologized if you didn't get caught, it's not fair to the ppl who are actually trying their best to he safe, just because you are a doctor and famous this doesn't make it acceptable
Love you, Dr. Mike!! I love this apology for so many reasons. I love how you take accountability and are honest about your mistakes. I gave been having a hard time with the COVID guidelines and made plenty of mistakes. However, it's people like you who inspire me to do better and also take accountability. Conspiracists will always work by instilling as much doubt as possible and deny facts. You just another tool they want to use.
Being a doctor myself lost respect for u
Guys it's "Admitting When I'm Wrong" not "Admitting I'm Wrong"
Your saying sorry just for the views and people to supposedly forgive you.  Other doctors are risking their lives for others while you are partying and not following the basic rules of not to get infected.  If you haven’t got caught you would’ve just let it go.  You are a doctor, you need to be safe so others can be safe too.  You tell others to stay inside, wear a mask, etc. when your partying with a lot of people when a virus outbreak is here.   Doctors should be super cautious but are you?  You seem cautious in your videos but aren’t in real life.  Yes, you do wear a mask but there are other precautions too and your not following them.  You need to know that risking your health and others can be extremely dangerous for you and for them.  Doctors are going out of their way to help the sick and you just may make them sicker along with yourself.  Take every rule to keep yourself safe and others not just some.  You may have tested negative but you may test positive just because of those precautions you ignored.  It’s so disappointing knowing that your a doctor and specialize in COVID but you choose to risk your life and others for a party.  Be a better person for yourself and for others.
Look man, you like the spotlight. We get that. But that comes with responsibilities, and you blew it. This half-assed "apology" on your second channel that starts with shaky justifications smacks of the old "thief who isn't sorry they stole, but is very sorry they got caught."
You made a ton of excuses for your behavior before saying it was wrong. That’s not a genuine apology, it’s trying to make yourself look less bad
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos ⭕️
I expected better of you Dr Mike 😳
He is human!... cut him some slack!
This is a shameful apology. You messed up. Stop trying to justify your actions with technicalities. They don't even hold up under superficial scrutiny. There are too many people in the photos of the party, let alone whomever wasn't pictured. And you're an Fn health professional. How is it relevant that you live alone? Embarrassing.
Dr. Mike, I'm a medicine resident. I haven't seen my parents since February. I couldn't go on fellowship interviews. Every time one of my teammates coughs I'm afraid I'll get tubed. Those are just my personal trials, what my patients and their families have gone through is so much worse. Your milquetoast apology on your second channel is just...disappointing. It's one thing when laypeople do stupid, risky things. It's hurtful on a much deeper level when a fellow physician does it.
Strange how so many experts and professionals are "messing  up."
Con artist
This was not a mistake. This was a long series of informed choices. And the choices you have made even after this incident really show a lot about your true character.
Yeah man that's the problem when you're getting big people just waiting for you doing the wrong thing...
“My friend surprised me with a private boat full of women for my belated birthday”.... believed by nobody ever
Reeks of privilege and hypocrisy. He always rubbed me off the wrong way. My guess he basks in all the attention he gets from his looks because he didn’t get that growing up. Just one of plenty examples to not trust what influencers want you to think of them.
Why is this not on your main channel?
Imagine trying to push this under the rug by putting it on your side channel🤡 post it on the main
What people don't seem to be realizing is that he followed all the guidelines, but it still makes it seem as if everything he has pushed and said about preventing the spread of COVID is not as important as it is. He really doesn't need to be apologizing, he's doing it since (even though he followed the guidelines like I said before) the masks and everything so nothing.  People so mean and unforgiving anyways like bro, chill out. Don't act like you haven't made legitimate mistakes or pulled or thought some terrible stuff. Like ratio is 3:1 right now, its ridiculous.
Nope! Amazing... AND I DON’T MEAN IN A GOOD WAY!!!!!!!!!
lmao your clearly a dork
This was a lapse of judgment, not character  Unless his apology video is the only video you’ve seen, you know his purpose and intention is to educate and inform viewers (myself included).   I am one of those people that have remained home for 8 months and have followed everything to the letter (experiencing my own ridicule for doing so) while I watch mask and lockdown protests all over the country and even I’m not offended by this story because his videos have helped me.  Political and religious figures exude more patterns of  hypocrisy on a daily basis (without consequence) than this story suggests.  Show me a Dr. that uses his platform for the purpose of informing and educating and I’ll show you a human that is not a sum of his mistakes.
You're a doctor shouldn't you know better? I guess its not true that doctor's are smart or I guess he just thinks his audience is stupid.
I've never watched you seriously, Dr. Mike, and probably never will. But live your life unapologetically. One day this pandemic will be a distant memory, and you and all offended persons will be dead. Save your breath and peace of mind.
Doesn't his dad live in NY? Basically *he partied at his dad's second house with all his friends, 100% did it intentionally.*
You are only apologizing because YOU GOT CAUGHT!!!!! You know better, there is not a spectrum, when you will come in contact with PATIENTS when you get back to work!!! You were definitely a C student in med school!!! Boo!!
We all make mistake and we're all human at the end of the day. You fucked up and got caught but you're owning it and have learnt from this mistake which is really all we can all for. Live and light ♥️
I can't see my family on Thanksgiving, birthdays or Christmas but like I hope your yacht party was fun
Geeze people . Give the guy a break . He went on one  boat party during 8 month pandemic. No person can follow the rules 100 % of the time unless they don’t leave the house. Just do your best. No person is perfect or should be attacked for not being one .
You’re a dingus Dr. Mike!!!
Why isn’t this on your main channel?
you're sounding a little sick...
OMG. WHAT. A. TOOL.-- You are CANCELLED!!! .... I never liked him tbh, it's pretty obvious he just parrots what his corporate sponsors want him to say.
Please soyboys... suicide is causing more deaths in the USA than Covid.. Everyone is blowing this up thanks to a certain political party.
Just another hypocrite. smh🤦‍♂️
You shouldn't have to apologize.  You didn't mess up.  You can do what you want.
Don't worry my ex-husband is a physician and he's as much a hypocrite as you are.
Smh gtfoh lol individuals like you are a joke just like this pandemic
I have been constantly feeling upset because of the people partying and being irresponsible and I kept thinking why should doctors care and treat us when we  aren't even helping them by distancing Like the bare minimum  So I get why doctors would won't to be selfish or careless sometimes I'm not saying you doing this is ok Just that it's human I guess  Pls don't do it again doctor You are my only reliable source of info I really trsut you so pls don't dissapoiny us
You just lost all credibility with your hypocrisy. You're supposed to be a voice of reason in the chaos. Instead you show that you feel the rules don't apply to you.
I knew there was something fishy about this guy from the minute I saw him LOL ur cancelled for this 🤢
You in his business...
Typical. Rules for the "sheeple" and not for the "big, important doctor"...
its pretty easy, dont listen to what obvious liars are saying. maybe read some science articles so you have some knowledge before liars n snake oil salesmen start making their rounds. then you can choose if you want to trust what youve learned or what some celebrity/politician/grifter is saying at that moment.
People yes he made a mistake but some of you are real bullies..he is human being after all . Humans are bound to make mistakes..it happens. At least he had the guts to admit it unlike some of you here. I'm not saying that he is is not at fault, my point here is that some of your comments are downright mean and shocking. He realises his mistake so cut the doc some slack and move on with your lives.🤦
My grandma just tested positive for corona :(
Yeah because the CDC has our best interest in mind.
You call yourself a doctor . So guys you should listen to this phoney, if u are at low risk go party , thanks DoCtOr MiKeY
Not sure why you even are apologizing. You followed all the rules...so dumb. Sorry Dr Mike, I didn't lose respect for you doing you in a safe way but I have now lost respect for you bowing to the masses that help get you a paycheck. Sad.
It’s at the point where the apology is so well thought out and specific that it comes across as fake and trying too hard 😂. “I instantly check mask guidelines and boat capacities”  *shows a pic of a mask guideline saying not to wear a mask if it can get wet
Really disappointed...
I have the name Jesus on my thigh. Apocalypse 19:16 says on His robe and thigh is a name written: KING OF KINGS LORD OF LORDS
U went out with friends is that what your apologizing about?
We all have to get out. We  should fallow the CDC guidelines. We are humans and do what we want most of the time. God bless you and keep informing us what you know. Thank you for your knowledge.
Bless .
You followed all thr rules but still are apologizing. Load of crock. You didn't mess up
Omg guys go harass someone at Walmart for not wearing a mask in person and not behind the comfort of your little screen where you pretend like you have followed cdc guidelines 100%. Get real. Hope I don’t see any comments from anyone who had family in from out of town for thanksgiving or went to a Halloween party. Love me some hypocrisy on a fine Saturday evening.
lmao when the admission/apology is prefaced by a whole lot of justification and downplaying then you know it's all bullshit. there wasn't a lapse of judgement, there were a series of lapses of judgements. 1) the decision to travel during the pandemic, 2) the decision to tell everyone about your intention to travel (if they didn't know you were travelling, they wouldn't have been able to 'surprise' you anyway), 3) the decision to get on the boat, 4) the decision not to wear a mask on the boat (simply being onboard a vessel is not engaging in 'water activities', that's a sorry excuse).  this is the same kind of warped mentality people have when they choose not to adhere to health advisories based on their perception of their own risk and risk to others. no wonder covid19 is spiralling out of control in america.
Giving DO's a bad name, eh?? What MDS tell us: wear a mask What Actor Mike tells us: no no I'm a real doctor, just watch..
You should upload this on your main channel 🙄
Everyone needs to chill and realize that he’s human and makes mistakes.
You are capable of enjoying your life that you worked so very hard for while at the same time advocate the importance of masks and how serious the virus actually is without contradiction. My opinion you did just that. You followed all CDC guidelines and reduced risks of exposure as well as any. Live your life and be happy. The total isolation can truly do as much or more damage than the virus itself.
This world needs more Grace.  We are all human.  Grace and much love Doctor Mike.  ❤️
good on you doctor Mike for being open and honest
You'r not gonna be a perfect man but a good man .💪
Thanks man
A classic "Oh no I got caught! Damage control! Damage Control!"
I truly feel he means it.  He's a doctor but also human.  Everyone makes mistakes
Doogie Howser, M.D. was a TV show...remember that because this guy acts like a TV show Doctor.
yay now idiots can use the excuse “a doctor partied so i can too” thanks mike 🥰 also why isn’t this on your main account
Why wasn’t this posted on your main channel Dr. Mike? I am so disappointed in you... You’ve become the face of the medical profession here on youtube and IG and I know you’re human and make mistakes, but after shoving down all of that “wear a mask, social distance, etc” stuff down our throats, you turn around and do the exact opposite. You should know by now that a lot of people look to you for advice and if they see you partying and being reckless, then they’re gonna think that it’s ok for them to be reckless too... I expected better from you Dr. Mike
Yes, we tend to hold our medical practitioners to a higher standard. But people are humans. And we ALL make mistakes.  I don't think ONE mistake is enough to demonize a person for.
This is so disappointing. I understand that everyone makes mistakes. It’s true. But you’re a doctor. You’d think a DOCTOR would make better choices.
Listen to those who genuinly looked up to you and are now very dissappointed. Ignore the rest who just hates to hate. Nothing excuses you from the bad desicions you've made but also nothing excuses people from leaving hateful judgmental comments that has no purpose. One bad mistake doesn't define your character. It's what you do after. With that said  I don't quite feel the genuity behind video. None of us are in the place to speculate how you really feel. But what ever it is, just be real about it.   Ps. I'm certain many of the the haters would have gotten caught up and partied on that yatch if given the opportunity.
Dr. Mike, Going to Florida, where the cases are skyrocketing, at a time where hospitals are overwhelmed and the most destitute of us are being turned away from hospitals lest we are gasping for the last few breathes, for celebration, on a boat, with no social distancing nor stringent following of rules YOU tout, because you are "low risk" or your friends' feelings will be hurt, is...a touch insensitive at best and sociopathic at worst. I am abhorred by you. Think of the people who could have been harmed by this endeavor, the marina keepers, the grocery workers, their families, your families, your friends' families, airport personnel, airplane personnel, etc. If not you, then those people on the boat. What if one of them is asymptomatic? This was NOT a calculated risk, this was a multi-step process of selfishness, where you failed everyone AND your oath at every turn.  I will not stop being careful, but your "mistake" feels like a punch in the gut. You have already set a precedent of carelessness that this apology video will not be able to mitigate. You may be able to sleep better at night now, but the butterfly effect is inevitable and I know you know.  Do your humanity a favor and post this video on your main channel. If you truly care about your identity, your audience, if you are truly a DO, you will admit this on the main channel for the world to learn about your "mistake" and then let them decide. Otherwise, please be prepared to lose this viewer, a healthcare worker who touted your strength in these difficult times. I am so exhausted from this pandemic that I cannot afford my anger towards you, just a tremendous disappointment. I cannot forgive you just yet. I have lost so many of my relatives and been lonely for so long that my empathy cannot extend to your hubris.  Sincerely, a stressed induced Shingled COVID-19 response member of the Department of Health whose husband just survived COVID-19 and someone who lost her Uncle to this horrendous disease.
And might I add, I truly enjoy your content. Until you get political. As a doctor that shouldn’t happen.
Bit of a long comment Mike and I know you won’t see it;  Whilst I’m sure the the lovely members of the United States appreciate your....explanation....you’ve been advising us all on how to handle the Voldemort situation, and yet....after all the background to confirm if it was ok....you flew...on a plan that is ALREADY filled with germs and god knows what else to Miami. I think people may have been less vexed if you were already in Florida. But no. You state jumped.   People haven’t seen their family for a good long while. Way things are going maybe a year come March for us Brits.   I have family in New Zealand. Based on your logic....the airports are open. if I get tested negative and get on the flight ✈️ land in NZ do the 14 day quarantine or pay £150 for the quick test for 7 day quarantine...which is the rules for air travel....are you saying this would be ok? No. Of course not. It’s a health risk to not just me but other people. A man in the UK caught the attention of Voldemort AND HE WORE A MASK. He wore a mask and is STILL in ICU he only went out because his sister was more at risk than he was.   Whilst you tried Mike and I appreciate it....you saying “I’m human” and still preaching restrictions.....just...it disappoints me a bit.....are you going to post this on your main channel? I feel you should. Even just reuploading this. That would be you fully taking accountability for the lapse in judgement you made.   Stay safe Mike.
y’know i’m pretty disappointed. you’re literally a doctor, someone who (should) understands the virus better than most people. you went to Miami, a city in a state that’s been skyrocketing with cases due to lax gov’t rules. not only did you go to miami, you came from NYC, a city that was heavily struggling at the beginning of the pandemic.  you sat and you debunked covid myths along with stressing mask wearing and social distancing only to go against e v e r y t h i n g you’ve been saying for the past 6+ months just to go to a boat party in miami. your thought process went influencer first, doctor second. honestly, seems like you sold yourself out to the influencer gods.  as harsh as my words seem, i’m disappointed because of all the shitty YT influencers/content creators that are  out partying, you have the greatest understanding of the virus and it’s implications. yet you still had the nerve to put so many people at risk.  the most sheepish part of it all? zero statements about any of this on twitter or IG. you don’t even have the guts to post it on your main channel because like every other influencer out there: you want this swept under the rug and forgotten.  edit: since you’re a doctor, there will be other people that’s use your party to reason why it’s okay for them to party. disappointing.
Love the glasses, nice touch for sympathy 😉
I pray that you actually read these comments. You are a hypocrite. Now that wouldn’t be nearly as big of an issue if all the other leftist officials and media members weren’t hypocrites too. Too many have been caught not following the bullshit they’ve crammed down our throats.
2:23 but not when u r in a party?
Man, I'm human and i make mistakes.... 1. It's a pandemic out there 2. You a doctor - u know whats up 3. You still go and literally brak ¾ of the rules  Nice one man, I hoped you were better - guess fame is fame
Ok I guess but its kinda sad to see teenagers taking this pandemic more seriously than a doctor does
Hey, Mike, do what you want. If you want to party in boat with a bunch of hotties have at it. But don’t tel everyone else what they should be doing. Last I looked it’s still a free country so make your own choices. If I had your cash I’d be out on a boat with those chicks and booze too. It’s not the action you should be apologizing for, just the hypocrisy. “I’m sorry I told everyone not to party on a boat and then I partied on a boat. I was wrong and I apologize. If you want to party on a boat, have at it.” Would have been better.
Please do not beat yourself up over this!!!  You have been a wonderful source of information.  It is an unfair standard to expect perfection from you.
Don't be a p^ssy.
You messed up but you're eventually will be a better person...I had messed up but I became a better person <3
admit when ur wrong. move on. horrible apology.
Thanks for this. I do feel like mistakes can't be repeated though. A "repeated" mistake is just a conscious decision the second time around. Stay safe!
Will you address this on your main channel?
1:27 maybe your patients??
SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!
Dr. Mike, I love you and your channel and I appreciate this heartfelt response to criticism, but I still think you need to address the fact that in the video you posted with Brad Mondo, NEITHER OF YOU WERE WEARING MASKS and were in close physical proximity for the entire video. This is not okay and you’re not setting a good example. All it takes is for ONE PERSON that doesn’t know they’re infected to unintentionally endanger the lives and safety of countless others. BE A GOOD EXAMPLE!!
I get it man appology accepted your young man. I get why people are mad you get it too. We all make mistakes sincerely covid hospital worker
Dude, what the literal hell? You are being held to a higher standard because you are a DOCTOR who has used your channel to lecture the public on going into quarantine and socially distancing. Literally forfeits all credibility. Disappointed and unsubscribed. You can't act like this was a tiny mistake. This was a DECISION that you MADE and you regret it because you were caught. You can't act like you don't know the science. You can't act like you didn't realize how bad this virus is. You can't act like you didn't realize. Ridiculous. Post on your main channel .
People mess up but own the mistake and be honest .
When I saw that picture I was convinced there was NO way that was you, or it mustve been and old picture. I was 100% sure you wouldn't have done that. Me and my husband absolutely adore you so this is incredibly disappointing. I just don't know what to say...
Put more resposibility on the rich like yourself..A bloody boat from your friends? Lucky you
You're sorry that you were caught if you really were okay with taking the risk you would've posted yourself on social media. You didn't post that you were breaking guidelines because you knew it was wrong.
❤️
Did he self isolate after coming back from the trip? The negative tests can be wrong in the early days of the illness, so if he did not isolate the hospital should be made aware of it and discipline him
I don't even know about the fiasco but I'm disappointed. Why is this "apology" not on your main channel? I didn't even know this one existed until today.
Cmon Mike
Shoulda remembered your pathophysiology lectures
You should've at LEAST put this on your main channel. Thank god Youtube trended this though...
This is bullshit. You are NOT THAT IMPORTANT!!!!!!!!!!!!!! get a grip
Woah woah woah, what’s up with these comments? The man is human, he took all precautions he thought necessary, it’s just the public reacted negatively so he made a statement. He isn’t “apologising only cause he got caught”, got caught doing what? Following as best he could guidelines? No, people clearly saw an image and, as usual with the internet, jump to conclusions and start bashing a man who is bringing about genuine good change in the world.
Pretty sure he feels his closest viewers are in this channel and those are the people he wants to apologize to. Not the randoms from his main. I agree with putting it on his secondary
As a follower of your main channel and your smaller channel, you need to make this more public. Show that you're truly accountable about your actions and put this on your main channel. I had to search for your video and it doesn't look good to the general public. Own your mistakes.
work => need mask walk => need mask exercise => need mask touching bikini clad strangers in confined space => don't need mask  Got it. Thanks, Dr Dipshit.
Honestly. Took me a little while to decide how I felt about this. With some thought, I can say this seems extremely tone deaf. There were more than 10 on that boat, we all saw the picture and we can count. You know how contagious the virus is, but because your individual risk didn’t take the people on the plane you flew back on at risk into account? What about your patients or co workers, would you have gotten tested and quarantined before returning to work if you hadn’t been caught? We all make mistakes, but you are in a position of influence and you definitely already knew that, I’ve seen videos where you’ve discussed the influence of your videos on people deciding to go to a doctor. So, I mean, you already know about impact. Idk man, I gave you the benefit of doubt when my cousin sent me the story. I think you do genuinely good things. I don’t think this is beyond forgiveness. But I’m also not buying what you’re putting out with this apology.
People make mistakes. It was his birthday and was enjoying himself with friends. His critics are lucky that the media is not hyperfocused on their lives. Dr. Mike is a doctor who worked in the hospital during covid and made donations to numerous charities before and during the peak of covid. I wonder what his harsh critics have done to help the covid situation besides typing on a keyboard while discouraging others to boost their own self-esteem.
Ok but was i the only one that noticed the balls sack pic on the right??? Come on it wasn't just me was it??
You lied. You flat out lied. Everything you said in that video was to save face and nothing more. You have made a mockery of everything you preached for the last 8 months and frankly have done more damage by doing what you did and trying to COVER IT UP than any good that could have come from your videos. I hope you remember all those times you said you wouldn't let fame and influencing get in the way of you being a good doctor, because that's exactly what's happened. Hope the fame and the models are worth it, cause you traded in your dignity.
Absolute knob
💔
This should be on your main channel buddy
Humble and honest. I've never had anything but the utmost respect and time for you and your message Mike, you've helped me stay informed but more importantly- Happy and healthy! We're human, beautiful, complicated, flawed humans. Humans learning, humans failing, humans being. Keep being you mate, don't change 👍 Stay safe
Cookie on the way
Just another establishment shill getting caught out like thousands of others. Pushing pseduo-science for a bad flu onto us plebs to propagate the mainstream narrative and further the globalist's agenda, while he can't even be bothered to pretend to care in real life. Just remember everyone, the deadly croney-virus with a 99.995% survival rate is rendered non-transmissible if you're doing lines off bikini models on expensive boats ;)
What can ya say, "We all F-Up. You have to remember that by being a public figure, people will crucify you over EVERYTHING! It was a lovely gesture that your friend did, but maybe they should have done something different.
Wow a lot here are leaving such hateful comments, what’s done is done, and he’s apologised.   What more do you want? Do you want to bully him in to suicide? Do you want blood? Stop promoting hatred, and celebrating someone’s demise. How did mankind get here? Stop cyber bullying
Honestly, the amount of good this Doctor has done for the world much outweighs this lapse in judgement, I stand with you Dr Mike, what's in the past is in the past :)
This is one of the most disappointing apologies I’ve ever watched and I want nothing more than to see pewdiepie review it and drag dr. Mike to filth.
Cut all the excuses and post this on your main channel.
You didn't follow rules or guidelines... stop lying
WHY AINT THIS ON THE MAIN CHANNEL?
I’m deadass disappointed in you
Why not post this on your main channel where you have more followers? This is so hypocritical! Post this on your main channel!
It’s the not posting your “apology” on your main channel where your main following is.
Are y'all really surprised?? Did no one see how he handled the accusations of him being fatphobic? He was kind of dismissive. After seeing how he handles criticism, I'm not really surprised by this.
you should post this on your main channel too
My uncle died from covid. I didn't get to attend his funeral because I was afraid of transmitting or getting the virus... Very hypocritical of you to have a birthday party on a boat with 15+ people when you advocated for social isolation. Or social isolation doesn't apply to you?
It’s the not taking full accountability for your actions for me.
I hate to say it but you got caught like Newsom.  You lost viewers because you were doing the same as many elite "DO AS I SAY NOT AS I DO".      Your vacation is over, so now you will ask for forgiveness until the next time.  My daughter is on the front line and everyday I pray she does not catch the virus.   No vacation for her, but then she is not a doctor.  I really have no empathy or sympathy for you.
So many negative commentators that won't forgive and let go of anger...what a shame.  You act like he killed people. You call him a hypocrite, yet you think you're perfect and have not been a hypocrite at one point your life? He could have went to a party, washed up after the party and the next day before work...
Congratulations mike, you are potentially now A SUPER SPREADER!!! well done. You can rest easy at night knowing the possible lives you have put at risk or are going to put at risk. Well done young chap.
Don't forget all the things he did right, just because he made a mistake, we all make mistakes. I can't believe how that situation is getting more attention that all the good things he has done right. Now people are judging him, as if they didn't make mistakes, he apologized already. DOCTORS ARE HUMANS TOO, they aren't perfect.
So much deflection. Half of the video is you showing how you rationalized your decision.  You talk about "my trip" not "my behaviour" or "my decision".  You talk about people using you for their anti-science agenda, deflecting again from your actions, and even placing yourself in the position of victim instead of instigator.  Next time you need to apologize, just apologize. Don't justify, don't deflect, and don't try to gaslight your fans into thinking you are a victim.  Own your actions.
As a viewer who takes covid seriously, I understand Mike. Lockdown is hard on our mental health and sometimes we do things that may put someone slightly at risk. But being covid safe doesn’t necessarily mean not leaving the house ever. It’s a balancing act between taking smart science backed actions and trying not to lose our mental health and sometimes we don’t always get it right.
"I'm sorry I let you down".... no you're sorry you got caught...
"A total of 3030 participants were randomly assigned to the recommendation to wear masks, and 2994 were assigned to control; 4862 completed the study. Infection with SARS-CoV-2 occurred in 42 participants recommended masks (1.8%) and 53 control participants (2.1%). The between-group difference was −0.3 percentage point (95% CI, −1.2 to 0.4 percentage point; P = 0.38) (odds ratio, 0.82 [CI, 0.54 to 1.23]; P = 0.33). Multiple imputation accounting for loss to follow-up yielded similar results. Although the difference observed was not statistically significant, the 95% CIs are compatible with a 46% reduction to a 23% increase in infection."  0.3% infection rate difference between masked and unmasked in randomized controlled trial with 6,000 participants.  Src: acpjournals. org/doi/pdf/10.7326/M20-6817  “The analysis included 2314 healthy contacts of 672 index case patients with Covid-19 who were identified between March 17 and April 28, 2020. A total of 1116 contacts were randomly assigned to receive hydroxychloroquine and 1198 to receive usual care. Results were similar in the hydroxychloroquine and usual-care groups with respect to the incidence of PCR-confirmed, symptomatic Covid-19 (5.7% and 6.2%, respectively; risk ratio, 0.86 [95% confidence interval, 0.52 to 1.42]). In addition, hydroxychloroquine was not associated with a lower incidence of SARS-CoV-2 transmission than usual care (18.7% and 17.8%, respectively). The incidence of adverse events was higher in the hydroxychloroquine group than in the usual-care group (56.1% vs. 5.9%), but no treatment-related serious adverse events were reported.”  6% attack rate when living with family (where you’re in close proximity & sharing everything).  Src: nejm. org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2021801
You should be downright ashamed
Almost like when you made the choice you knew it actually wasn’t that scary...and now look. Here you are with your pitiful (and frankly insincere) apology but without Covid!! Wow! Maybe we should take a page out of your book and go enjoy our lives
How the heck are we supposed to trust you and what you say now? You are supposed to know and act better. You have greatly decreased your credibility, I'm pretty sure you're never getting it back.
"Rules for thee, not for me"
In the public eye 👀 you messed up. However you did the research that was right for you. The tabloids / media are going to get that worst everytime. Thank you for sharing your thoughts and explanation of the  event. Always be following you & the information you have.
So what is this video even about?
Hypocrite!! You are a disgrace. So sad. How can you live by lying to people.
“Do as I say not as I do”
It's your fault people are attacking science because out of all the people you, a DOCTOR, who should've known better, went out to party.
Thank you for not blowing off the importance of recognizing it’s ok to be human. Still have a lot of respect for what you do. Continue to grow...and we’ll grow with you.
Why isn't this on your main channel?
Face the music in a AMA. You can monetize it don't worry.
Ok. Wtf happened? Can someone fill me in?
This is a perfect example of do as I say not as I do. And it’s like, would you tell anyone to do this? Who cares if you don’t get it or aren’t at risk, you wouldn’t tell teens to or younger folks to ignore medical advice based on this sort of reason or logic. The reality is that you felt you were more intelligent and more careful than other people and this is the mark of a pretentious/I’m smarter than others type of mentality that is dangerous.  I hate to say this but many people in the medical field have this attitude and if you really wanted to make a difference you would talk about this on your main and tell other medical professionals why these attitudes are dangerous and these misconceptions and presumptions are wrong.
I could've used so fake tears to go with this fake apology.
And yet you didn't catch covid. Hope u enjoyed ur time here in Florida.
Thanks for being honest Mike. We still support you
Never thought I'd be seeing a YT apology from Dr. Mike of all ppl... And a YouTube apology it is
Well below the maximum number allowed on the boat when y'all were with about 10 chicks, plus whoever is taking the pic and behind the camera? Yeah, you messed up. Yeah, it makes a huge impact when you've even said that many people come to YouTube instead of the news on TV to get accurate information. Also, not a fan of these stupid decisions being done in the new epicenter of the virus where many people in South Florida are refusing to wear masks and they have a governor who isn't supporting them. But clearly you already know it was irresponsible. 🤷‍♀️
I forgive you doctor mike
Came here from Mark Dice. Didn’t even know you existed. You’re only sorry because you got caught. Can’t believe you have all these brain dead sheep subscribers that can’t think for themselves. Subscribe to Mark Dice on YouTube if you haven’t already.
I hope you have learned from your mistakes. We all make mistakes and I really hope you learned from this and will grow and be better for those around you. I love your channel but grow from this experience and learn and keeping moving forward. Don’t focus on the past to much but learn and grow from it. I hope you will think about your choices next time. Thank you for telling the truth.
Out of all people, HIM!! Terrible. Can’t believe a doctor would actually be careless of all the guidelines!! DONT EVER LISTEN TO HIM AGAIN!!! Extremely dissapointing
I was gonna unsubscribe but I realized this wasn't on the main channel
A doctor went to a party & got caught being a hypocrite. This is what happened to his youtube channel! 😂👎
"Conspiracy theorists?" No. COVID-19 is up for debate from all directions. Infringements on Liberty on the other hand, we dont need to argue about what we can see. Some may say COVID-19 is dangerous. Others say tyranny is more. You cant call these people conspiracy theorists for disagreeing with you. Some of us are scientists too. I bet the British called George Washington a conspiracy theorist too for standing for liberty.
I was about to say I wasn't mad, just disappointed....BUT NO! HOW FUCKING DARE YOU?? HOW DARE YOU?? I COULDN'T TRAVEL TO SEE MY DYING GRANDMOTHER AND YOU GET TO TRAVEL FOR FUN?? HOW FUCKING DARE YOU??? DO BETTER!!
Goof
YouTube Dr. Mike: follow guidelines to protect yourself and other from this deadly very infectious virus Instagram Dr. Mike: * sees the party his friends set up for his birthday on a yaht with a bunch of hot Instagram models * well, I guess the pandemic will have to wait cause I've got to PARTYYYYYY!
Oh shut up! You are just like the rest of the friends using the pandemic to their advantage to decline on the activities they don’t want to get involved in and then jumping and doing worse things. All of my friends who acted that way got sick while I saw my family, worked my butt off, traveled, and took my precautions and I was healthy throughout the year
another half-assed apology from another narcissistic youtuber. Not even sure he is an actual doctor at this point
I personally don’t wear a mask.  If I go places and they accept me in then great, if they refuse me then I leave.  I don’t think masks work.  A friend of mine said this, “if a good pair of underwear and jeans can’t stop a fart from getting through them, what can a mask do?”  Also, what about all the cases of respiratory infections from breathing the air from your mask all day?  Check out how Vietnam beat the virus. No one talks about it. Why?  They didn’t isolate.  They never closed down shops, schools, or places of work. And they had the least amount of cases and even more impressive is they had the least amount of deaths.  Check it out.
It ok Dr Mike, we are all human we all make mistakes. Apology accepted!
You have lost all my respect how, I hope everyone can see the real hypocrite you really are
It’s not about conspiracy theories, it’s about hypocrisy.  If only we could all be gifted yachts; I’m sure your empathy for the those who are unemployed served you well amongst the party-goers!
The hypocrisy is insane. Why don't you actually post this on your main channel? This isn't a genuine apology for your actions unless it's somewhere where your 6m viewers can see how badly you messed up.
To error is man to judge is thoughtless
Ha! Mark Dice alerted me to your fakeness.  Unsubed a longtime ago.
I have a charity you can donate to. Jim Pattison children's hospital" needs some funding to keep the level of active/trauma/long-term care. Your negligence for public health orders may benefit the pockets to this who are in dire need in these times. What can neither control? How many more people aren't going to be wearing masks, because of you.
Yeahhh... Not impressed. Not with your conduct and not with your apology. You let us all down for sure. Everyone has had to make sacrifices this year, some small and some colossal - and when it came to it you were unable to make your own personal sacrifice for the good of others. That hurts.  We have to care about our actions. We have to think about the ripple effect that we might have. It's not about "I", it's about "we". And yeah, people are taking risks and some are being selfish about their actions all the time. But every time someone does, it risks making this thing just a tiny bit worse. And as an influencer, you should already know that everything ripple you make is magnified....
Lmfao imagine still having COVID-19, just come to Australia...      Oh wait you can’t cause we’re fucking smart and closed the borders lmao
Welcome to tonight's episode of "When Narcissists are Exposed"
If "white male privilege" was a person it would be you 😂😂😂
спасибо.   it's impossible to be perfect,  and I've made mistakes as well.  thank you for addressing this humbly and honestly.
Great video! Great reflection
Truly disappointing...even without a pandemic how does a doctor post nasty photos with women holding up middle fingers? Eff who? The world and COVID victims? You are old enough to do better...
Can someone explain to me what happened. I honestly don't follow his social media and I only sometimes watch his videos so I'm kinda out of the loop.
both my parents work in hospitals (mom’s a nurse, dad’s a radiation oncologist) and both got covid from their hospitals. they were out of commission for three weeks. because of covid, i wasnt able to go home for thanksgiving. my parents take their jobs as healthcare workers very very seriously and would never be so careless as to travel and party during this time. they also understand that they are most at risk because they work in hospitals and therefore would also never socialize outside of the hospital for fear of getting outsiders sick. how “nice” it must be for u to have the luxury of partying when ur patients need u most. doesnt seem like you care much about your responsibility at all.
Reading all these comments I hope every negative person has sheltered in place this entire pandemic, no traveling, no contact with people outside of your household, no unnecessary trips to the store, no trips to the salon, no attending church in person,  and looking at the divorce rates growing by the minute no extracurricular activates. and has upheld EVERY SINGLE CDC guideline. Also I'm sure they have never messed up in their entire lives seeing as they seem to project angelic traits no other human has. Be blessed up in that tower ya'll seem to dwell in.
It’s really not that big of a deal. Live your life. ✌️
Liar... you knew damned well what you were doing...
I understand but you are an influencer and I’m literally crying because I haven’t hugged my momma since March! If you are truly apologetic please post this on your main page. This seems like you’re trying to apologize but not let anyone see it
Quick question, why isn’t this on your main channel. You know the one with 6 million subscribers
Thank you for issuing an apology. I very much hope you quarantined for two weeks when you returned home so as not to expose patients if you were pre-symptomatic. Low risk does not equal no risk. This is very disappointing, though. I haven't seen my family in almost a year, and that will continue indefinitely. I love them too much to risk their lives.
Sending nothing but Love Dr. Mike!
We all make mistakes, don't cancel him but give him a change to make him learn from his mistakes
The reason I'm saying this is I got caught.
You don't have to explain anything, because you don't owe us one. Some nosey busybody reporter stuck their nose where it's not wanted or needed. They had no right to make those pictures pubic and where I you, I'd sue the life out of them for it. I trust your advice and your messages. Don't let some moron make you try to apologise for somthing you did no wrong for. Personally speaking, the people who published it are mindless muckrakers looking to slander an honest, hard working person because they want a story.
I hope to see actions to back up your words. You have a large following and a heavy influence. Your actions matter. Make them count.
Dude, isn't the issue that you CAN'T just rely on data for your own risk factors because of the possibility of asymptomatic spread; that we don't know all of the underlying comorbidities; and because of those factors you have no idea how your actions affect people you are with or multiples degrees of separation out.  I wish THAT is what you had addressed.
Whatever happened to “practice what you preach” 🤔
This is a classic case of failure to self regulate.
If you took the proper precautions I don’t see the problem or why you owe anyone an apology.
If you can't be a good example, you shouldn't be a public face.
Yes it was very stupid what you did, and especially stupid considering you're a doctor with a HUGE public following, but we all make mistakes and we're all part of COVID fatigue. I just hope you got tested a few times before going back to work because spreading COVID to your patients would be BAD. I'll still listen to what you have to say and enjoy watching your videos. Just do better next time 🙂
Healthcare workers are people, too. They are not perfect and make mistakes. They also are just as tired of the pandemic as everyone else. You wanna see your family and friends? Healthcare workers do, too. You want to have fun, travel, and blow off some steam? Well, you're not the only one. Everyone has fatigue from this pandemic and NO ONE has been perfect 100% of the time since this began with social distancing, travel recommendations, or masking. Yes it was a mistake, but don't tell me you've been perfect this whole time.
This is ridiculous. I work in a hospital so besides going to work I've been to my local shops maybe 3 times since MARCH, regardless of what my government tells me I'm allowed to do, because going anywhere right now is risking transmission. And that's it! I haven't been to see friends, family, haven't even gone to a park. It's like people think "oh the government says it's ok for me to go to these bars or clubs etc so it must be safe!!! i'm following the rules!!!!!" when it isn't. It's not safe!! They depend on us to keep the economy going, of course they're not going to say "stay at home and don't go anywhere for a few months". I don't care what the government says I'm "allowed" to do, I'm not going anywhere unless it's necessary because it's my duty to protect others by not getting COVID 19 or potentially spreading it.   So my mental health has taken a bit because I haven't allowed myself to go anywhere like an event or on holiday or to see people or whatever else, but then people like you are just going about like nothing has really changed? Going to parties and travelling and seeing family and thinking a couple of COVID tests and a couple of weeks isolation makes it ok? This was beyond stupid of you. Disgraceful.
I lost my job and can’t pay my bills because of COVID. But I hope your super-spreader yacht party was worth it, and your piddly apology on your second channel isn’t enough to fix what you’ve broken.
Omg I’m so disgusted by the fact that you chose to post this shitty apology on this channel. YouTube played you tho.
you float my boat dr mike  ,   you need to get better at navigating the political aspects of this virus,  since your putting a camera in front of yourself
It takes a man to admit when hes wrong. You have my respect for this exact reason
It speaks loudly that you didn’t post this video on your main channel.  I still respect the science but I have to admit my respect for you has fallen.
People are losing their jobs and homes, some of them their lives. I'm watching a business I put close to a decade of my life into crumble before my eyes. I couldn't travel to see my parents and help after my dad's surgery and I'm watching people I'm close to collapse into literal sobbing piles. My uncle fell and was on the ground alone in his house for over a day, and still doesn't recognize anyone who talks to him over the phone... because Guess What? We can't even try to visit him. Will I get to travel for his funeral? Who knows?  Sorry we can't all be millionaires who get to jet off to miami because we're feeling like stuff is hard right now. Sorry I'm irritated someone who posted video after video on COVID is caught not following the guidelines that they themselves repeatedly and strenuously advocated for. Think of how this not only makes you look, but how this makes other people talking about how dangerous COVID is as well.
*hypocrite*
Love that you said this, but like others said, give yourself some love, grace and like you said,  we are human. You are human. We mess up. You recognize it, and I give you huge props as a doctor who is so visible socially for that. You are under more pressure than most. It will be alright.
I wish you hadn't done it because it damages your message. But I believe in second chances - I've made plenty of mistakes myself. And particularly, I do not believe in the "cancel culture".
Only apologising because he got caught lol.
Taking real accountability would be to put this on your main channel, not hiding. If you want to be better then start with that.
K bye lol dude it kills me when my friends say “masks cause cancer” I have people 🤦🏻‍♀️
Love you support you
I'm gonna ignore all the comments and just say this. Dr. Mike, during this pandemic you have been the only source of information I relied on for the pandemic. You have always claimed that people with influence need to set examples, and I hope this mistake serves as a reminder for you. I don't know the whole story, but I live in Florida and Miami is a HUGE hotspot for covid-19. I think cancel culture is ridiculous, so I will still be here to support you, because I don't think you are fake, or that you don't care about what you preach. Just please in the future be considerate about your position, and whether your actions support your teachings. I understand you are always on the spot and have high expectations set on you. I wish nothing but happiness and success, so I really hope you can learn from this and move on. I think you should address this on your main channel too, otherwise people will not think this is sincere
I'm not a doctor and I support him, he's human and felt pressured by his friends, think about these are close people who got a yacht ride as a present. He was caught in a social situation were he messed up and the fact that he's apologized for it is good on him. 👍🏼❤✌🏽
The worst part about this whole thing for me isn't even that it happened in the first place but how it's being managed now. Posting it on the second channel that the majority of followers don't know about (the community tab of the main channel doesn't really count since not many people see it either). Yes, everybody makes mistakes, but the way this is being handled is disappointing.
Can someone explain the situation to me?
Life your free life. I didn’t fly to see my sister but that’s because she’s in Cali and I’m pregnant
How many patients have you had that are moms who are using, drinking, or being retarded about covid?! Sounds like everyone I know
Dr. Mike I do not judge you I still support and admire you. We have all at some point broken from the CDC guidelines at one point or another. We are Humans that's something you've always preached about.
Bro you did nothing wrong
I’m about to spam these comments to flush out the trash
And this would be how a responsible adult takes accountability for their actions...no extra b.s. or props.💜❤ everyone makes mistakes it is what we learn from them that helps us become better versions of ourselves.
Nope you’re only apologizing because you got caught.
I LOVE YOU AND STAND BY YOU
Ha! Busted.
humility man, it is a great thing to see
You didn't acknowledge that you're a public figure and you set an example. You didn't acknowledge that since you've been a public voice for COVID-19 precautions, going against them yourself can be used as propoganda by "plandemic" people and you had a responsibility you didn't uphold.   You have keywords related to this blocked on your main channel and you uploaded this to your second. This isn't a real apology, it's a PR campaign. Nothing here feels even remotely authentic
Why did you post this on ur smaller second channel instead of ur normal one?
Booooooooo.. canceled. Shut up lol
Disgusting
PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH
Dr. Mike. Theres no reason for partying right now.
As a student who has only travelled to college in September, hasn't seen family since and no friends since March because of the seriousness of this. I'm very disappointed in your actions. Thinking this was okay after everything you have said about covid and understanding the severity and BEING A DOCTOR! This was a mistake that should not have happened!
Just because he has earned the title of "Doctor", does not mean he is intelligent emotionally or critically.... Clearly... And THEN... IMHO.. He also doesn't understand boundaries as an active healthcare provider. He crosses so many with his (monetarily driven) choice to be a so-called "social media influencer"; good luck trying to successfully get the of best of both worlds publicly for the entirety of your career. Nothing about it seems sustainable. I have a weird feeling this won't be the last "error in judgement" we see from Dr. Mike.
LMFOAHSSJJS WHAT IS THIS? you call this an apology? yet you’ve preached stay home for months? but this time you were like... oh well! a pandemic... chile lemme celebrate by getting on a boat and partying real quick 😘
This is... embarrassing
Trust the science. Great message. You just got a new subscriber...
You did the best with the information you had. No one can blame you for that. No one has done everything right in this pandemic. I’m still your faithful fan.  Stay happy and healthy ❤️
You just wanted to teach those women about chest compressions.
Just because he has earned the title of "Doctor", does not mean he is intelligent emotionally or critically.... Clearly... And THEN... IMHO.. He also doesn't understand boundaries as an active healthcare provider. He crosses so many with his (monetarily driven) choice to be a so-called "social media influencer"; good luck trying to successfully get the of best of both worlds publicly for the entirety of your career. Nothing about it seems sustainable. I have a weird feeling this won't be the last "error in judgement" we see from Dr. Mike.
As someone who has religiously followed all the information you've given, I.E.: wearing a mask, social distance, I am shocked, disgusted and mostly saddened by what I've seen, what's worse is that I found out from another person's Instagram story. I have autism and a part of autism is that I like structure, for example I used to go to my local library every weekend before covid happened, obviously I can't do this now. The real kicker though is that I have the prospect (like many others) that I can't spend Christmas with my family this year. But here I see someone who I looked up too as a medical professional and a role model spending time partying in Miami, but I can't eat turkey with my family. I honestly don't know how to end this message, I feel betrayed and I'm not sure if I can move past these feelings, I'm sure I will eventually, but not anytime soon
this was a nice apology but i think u should have posted it on your main channel
can’t believe Dr.Mike let us down like this 😓
GTFO
You are human, no human should be judged by their worst mistake. Thank you for apologising, those of us who have been following you for years know your character, I believe that a lot of the anger coming out of the comments are due to the level of trust so many of us have placed in you. That trust has now been shaken and needs to be earned back, but keep doing the right thing and keep pushing forward, and this will pass.
Why not post on your main channel? Come on doctor mike.
bruh shut up
Why did you do it though? I still don't get it.
I forgive you man. No matter what happens or what you do, I will support you no matter what. You know I was going to ask you if that boat trip was real and not an old photo before the pandemic. Thank you for clearing it up for us and hopefully people don't do something stupid because of this one slip up. Stay safe man and hopefully this pandemic will be over by March, I am hoping
The fact that he chose to put this video on the second channel speaks volumes to me.  I really looked up to Dr. Mike as a medical aspirant but I’m also not surprised :( just goes to show that influencers are not the perfect people they portray themselves as
Yall , he makes 1 million dollars a year according to social blade by this channel. The subscriber count is the same , he should lose subscriberes to learn his lesson.
“If I pretend that I didn’t do those things, it means that I cannot have grown to become someone else. Journey before destination. I will take responsibility for what I have done. If I must fall, I will rise each time a better man.” -Dalinar Kholin
Y’all HAD to be extra partying on a boat in Miami with a bunch of thots, you couldn’t just have a nice social distance dinner lmao 👏🏼😷
I see people calling him out in the comments ( as they should ) but nobody bats an eye when someone important does it *cough cough Gavin Newsom*
Lost all respect for you. Do better.
Yep we're all human and make mistakes. However you've been preaching about the right ways to behave during covid restrictions and lockdown, and yet your actions show hypocrisy. Particularly when you should be treating it to the utmost seriousness as a PHYSICIAN. Before being a Youtuber and an internet celebrity, you're a doctor. So act like one.
finally, the trending tab does something good
He wanted human connection how dare he
Why don’t you put that video on your main page?
Meanwhile nelk , jake Paul And all the tik tokers partying every weekend and eating out every day
no one is perfect. you do more good for people's health than most channels on YouTube. please keep making content, we need you!!
This is why I don't trust doctors. once again proved my point. bye.
masks are not working look at the numbers my dude and you going on a boat didnt hurt anyone
Not gonna lie I’m very disappointed
Use me as a "I don't really care" button
Why didn't you put this on your main channel? Trying to save your subscribers?
You're a sociopath xD
Don't apologise, you did nothing wrong. Other than putting your blind faith in the CDC, of course.
At least he apologized not many people or doctors or lawyers etc.. Can apologize or own up to there mistakes and learn from it love thats a real person love Dr. Mike
there was a doctor here in NB Canada who literally left the province and came back but did not quarantine when he came back. he went back to work and gave covid to people. 2 people died because of his actions.
Oh come on! what example are you setting. You should’ve known better that visuals make a difference. (From a fellow doc)
Dr Mike I will not stop wearing a mask it’s okay! Thank you for being transparent!
Y’all need to chill out he made a mistake and apologized for it like 5 times.
I hope you are self isolating and not seeing patients for two weeks.
You are the one who fueled the conspiracy theorists. Should have been extra careful, not posed for a pic, shouldn’t have even went. I know you are deeply sorry but your credibility has taken a hit and now you really can’t be cited when we want to tell people COVID is not a hoax.
I’m not buying it, I’m not even mad I’m just disappointed some ppl haven’t seen family since the beginning of the year ppl are abiding by the rules but it’s always the influencers that think they can bend them. Like as a DR he should know covid isn’t a joke and Yhh it’s a mistake but mistakes like these are avoidable he could’ve said no or educated his friends or left it doesn’t make sense to me at all this is the same sappy apology that we hear from all of them and as a doctor he should be even more ashamed many ppl are dying and relying on ventilators in the hospital but life would be easier if ppl just followed the rules tbh I’m not buying it he’s deffo sorry he got caught and the fact that this isn’t even on his main Chanel shows how unserious he is, next 👋🏾
Shut up.
I'm here reading all your passionate comments, like none of you has done anything "illegal" during the pandemic. But most importantly, I laugh at Dr. Mike because he messed up after all those months of telling us what we should and shouldn't do. A bunch of hypocrites.
People have canceled weddings, graduation parties, birthdays, religious holidays because of this pandemic. I am pretty sure he could have gracefully turned down the invitation. As a doctor and a public figure  he is held at a higher standard than his peers, he should’ve seen this coming. Even if he lives alone, he is a  DOCTOR, has patients that he sees everyday and he has colleagues who he can put at risk. I don’t know doctor mike that well or know of his work but as healthcare professional it’s his responsibility to set a good example for his followers. Again, if he was any other doctor it probably wouldn’t be a big deal but people look up to him. Bad call on his part! What would have been nice is if he turned down the invitation and made a video about why he did it. That would’ve earned him more respect.
He is the Doctor version of Drake ..............................party
This is the way a kindergarten teacher apologizes five year olds. If you’re a fan I’m sure this was difficult. Don’t worry, it’s almost snack time.
🤡
Yeah, not forgiven, you're clever enough to have not made this mistake... But you're own gluttonous behavior could have ruined lives.. Moron.
Your sincerity level on a scale of  zero to ten is a negative number.
He be russian to take that mask off when he's on a boat with his 10+ friends.
To all the people being surprised and disappointed at this.....REALLY?  You guys new to internet or something? Because last I checked 99% of folks here are all about money, fame, and glamor. There's no principle, or honestly involved. Why would they care about anyone? Why should they?
Everyone makes mistakes and I make my share but I'd have to say the photographic evidence is pretty damning.  I think the cheek to cheek in a crowd was the biggest mistake which you could have vetoed.   If you find yourself in a similar situation,  listen to that inner voice instead even if it makes you uncomfortable.
u r just on the breaking up click bait trick.  i take covid very seriously.  young fools don't jump on this money grubing bandwagon
This is why I have such disdain for social media. It’s because people often develop tunnel vision or hyper focus on one specific instance without looking at the whole picture. I find it disheartening that many people are quick to bring up canceling him even though he has done great work the majority of the time. I believe there was no intentional malice by him, people just make stupid mistakes sometimes, learn from them, and move forward. How about we allow him a chance  to reflect and learn from his actions before we completely discredit him. Playing this blame game leaves no room for progress.
People died before their next birthday. Hope the party was worth it tho
my guy just wanted to have a birthday
Dr Mike, you use your voice to bring awareness on important matters, you promote health and happiness. These people in the comment section are being too harsh on you. It's been almost a year in this pandemic and you're human too. I'm sure you're always being as safe as possible. Don't listen to these thugs. Stay happy and healthy 😘❣️
This guy was milking videos about COVID. I bet he’s never going to talk about it again. I trusted you Mike.
nothing is safe
A true D Bag for the ages. Dump this fool...
He’s been trying to cover this up so much, what’s he going to do next, disable the comments? 🤣
people defending him and saying this isn't a big deal need to open their eyes to reality. stop living inside your privilege bubble and look at what's happening around the world.
POS quack
Dr Mike, I'm confused: you live alone??? But, you enter a hospital every day and interact with a variety of people. Day after day... Very disappointed. I feel like YOUR actions set back scientific acceptance, which is always under attack.
‘I was SURPRISED by a yacht with 15 models on it offering me a free ride’ but ‘everyone was tested before the boat ride’.  What? Did you just have 20+ rapid testing kits in your pocket just in case someone surprised you with a yacht ride some day?   You didn’t care and thought you were above the rules, while preaching about them to millions of followers. Simple as that.
Looking at the girls he’s gonna get an sti too...
Okay, look dude. This was just another copout. If you want to address the millions of fans that you have betrayed by this, you need to put this on your main channel. There's a difference between using an apology because you're sincerely sorry, and using an apology simply to save face. Even if you *are* being sincere here, it looks like you're just doing this to say you did it.  And you're right. You did let us down. In fact, you let the entire country down. You very well know how easily this virus spreads. Those people you partied with? There's no way that they would be quarantining the same way as you, even if you're being truthful about your quarantine. Stop trying to justify your unjustifiable actions. Just own up to it, be sincere, and for the love of god, PUT IT ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL. If you want to combat the conspiracy theorists who are using you, you can't keep hiding. I expect more from you, and the US *needs* more from you.   I may support your content (and if I knew you, I'd probably support you as a person as well), but that doesn't mean that I'm going to be a part of justifying your actions. Apologize for real next time.
I’m an EMT in some of the hardest hit poorest neighborhoods in NYC. I’ve missed thanksgiving with my family and I’ve been avoiding my mother who’s sick from 9/11 for the past few months. It’s been hard as hell. It’s even worse when I see people not taking it seriously on crowded subways during my commute. Your videos gave me faith. You had the reach and the clout to change people’s minds. You lost all that credibility. Hopefully we don’t get hit with a second wave. I miss my family. At least you got to have some fun.
Really looks bad when you can’t even post this on your main channel. What are you scared of, Doctor?
This guy has 50+ videos talking about COVID, controversies and mistakes people made during COVID. All credibility he had before should definitely be gone by now.
You had a staff on the boat though. If they were wearing masks they were protecting you but you were not returning the favor. You and all your rich friends would get the best medical care if you happened to become sick. You are wealthy which means your health is probably overall better as well because you can afford proper nutrition and gym memberships. It is the staff on that boat who could die from your poor choices not you.
This stinks of privilege
Peer pressure; Miscalculation; Negligence; Sorry for being caught. Very disappointing Dr. Mike. But who am I to judge, just one of the underlings of the society looking up to become as privileged and corrupt. I will still be seeing the good you try to put out to the world however. Please redeem yourself from all this mistake.
This was posted a day ago??  How didn’t I notice it immediatel- Oh he put on his second channel in the hopes it wouldn’t go trending
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Bit cowardly putting the apology on a small channel instead of the main one innit
Oh God here we go. Another "I went out but I regret it, so I'm gonna post it on YT for the internet karma instead of keeping this to myself."
You're a hypocrite. I turned 40 this year and celebrated it in my apartment on a 20 minute Zoom call with family/friends. Spent Thanksgiving the exact same way too. His face and profession makes him better than everyone so rules don't apply to him. This boy is out here living it up in a pandemic. And for what? Clout and Instagram fame? But, Doctor Mike living his best life is the real priority.
Doc needed to spend the extra money he made because of Covid-19. Is it really a mistake if as you said put so much thought into it?
Y'all know you can be upset about his actions without belittling the appearance of the women on the boat, right?
I expect doctors to slip up they have to wear a mask up to 16hrs. It's fucked up that he didn't listen to his own colleagues. He's definitely dead wrong. People do me a favor if you do something you're not supposed to don't post on social media or tell anyone 🙄
Though, I'm not a subscriber, I've watched some of your vids and I really enjoyed them and thought of you as a great doc. Now never in a million years would I have even THOUGHT of you, A DOCTOR being in a SCANDAL like this one. Especially when you care and give advises to others, and now you've done the exact opposite by making poor decisions. I'm really upset and sad now! 😔😤
Lmaoo
I'm very appalled by the fact that he thinks we can't fucking count there were atleast 15 people(and one photographing) on the boat. Which means you CLEARLY didn't follow the guidelines/rules.
Dr. Myke, please, i think your content is amazing and we NEED IT right now more than ever, so please, post this in your main channel, because putting it here sends the wrong message. We all make mistakes. That is human. People will forgive you easier if you own up to them.
Hey siri, play Hypocrates by Marina
You’re A) liking comments of everyone defending your shitty actions B) not addressing why you put this on a channel that has significantly less subscribers(millions less actually) and C) giving this shitty apology that just screams cowardice and selfishness. Hope your patients find a better doctor that doesn’t threaten their lives for a party.
Wow this is so disappointing. The photo of you with an bunch of models flipping off the camera just changed the way I see you. I have to unsubscribe i just cant trust your public persona anymore.
I feel like I’m being manipulated while watching this. You’ve lost the trust of all your supporters. How extremely fake can you be? You’ve said over and over that any small party with friends is a no go, then you TRAVEL to see friends and party with 15 people and TRAVEL back?   I’ve *never* felt so disappointed or betrayed by an influencer.
Lol nice acting skills buddy.  You take notes from politicians. Haha ok gavin
It honestly blows my mind how many people are defending his “mistake” and they themselves are down playing the virus
Why isn't this on your main channel and your Instagram?
wait what the hell doctor mike 😭😭 HES BEING CANCELED!?! wait omg he can lose his job bc of this right? he’s a doctor
🤣😂🤣😂 CDC & WHO 🤣😂🤣😂
Just got discharged from the hospital today because of Covid. My lungs stopped working snd I was on oxygen and neb for 3 days. I’m very weak and mentally disoriented. Covid-19 is real and now I’m going to be so behind in life with having to recover and take time off work. This was the scariest thing I’ve ever been through and I’ve never felt my body telling me to give up before. Wear a mask and do your part everyone.
I used your videos for education for my healthy/abled family to hopefully be more careful during the pandemic. I've also seen people on my fibromyalgia support group say that covid-19 was so miserable that they begged God to let them die, and many are still so fatigued they can barely wash themselves months later. I've gone out in public *once* since February for a controlled med refill appointment. I'd love to even go to the grocery store, but I live in a mask-less area. You hid your apology on a second channel that has barely any reach compared to your main channel. And yes, people like my parents who live with me use moments like yours to downplay the severity of the pandemic and further put me at risk of getting sick by their reckless behavior. I'm disappointed because I feel like sick and poor people are putting in all the work with this pandemic. And I'm so tired of being stuck at home while healthy people go out and do whatever they want and later, it's a half-hearted "oops". I don't expect you to self-flagellate but this was not a very strong attempt, given I didn't know anything about this until someone put it in their instagram stories. Conspiracy theory people didn't hurt your message; you hurt your message.
Wait wait wait... 1st, You had 15 people crammed on that boat, and the picture you showed said "eight adults maximum".  2nd, you weren't wearing a mask WHEN YOU WERE OUT OF THE WATER. Or have you not seen the group photo?  You're not being honest here
You apologized for living?  Ok gavin Newsom
Post this on your main channel Dr. Mike, own up to your millions of subscribers there. Very disappointing. Have not seen any of my friends since March, and you are now part of the problems.
Stop fucking bitching fucking hypocrites. This guy has done more for humanity than most of you fuckers judging him. Nothing bad happened, yet he is putting himself out there, vulnerable to hate and negativity, because he feels it's the right thing to do. What have you done so far? Have you worn and changed your masks frequently? Have you kept your distance? Have you seen your friends? I am sure most of you have not been following guidelines on a 100%. But that's normal. So have i, so has he. Minor mistakes happen, what's important is to know what's right or not and learn from your and others' mistakes. Every effort is better than no effort. And atm there are people who are giving 0 fucking effort. Go attack them.
Dr. Mike, when I saw the title I thought it was about some scientific paper or article quoted badly or a fake one, I did not expect this. I hate to say this but I'm disappointed. I come from a scientific background, both of my parents (specially my mom) are scientific researchers in current problems. As someone in the science field, there is no excuse for what you did, scientists over the world are doing their best job, not only health professionals. My mom is a meteorologist and even her works with covid-19. Pitifully I don't know what to think, an apology doesn't solve things, stop giving excuses.
I found out about your through another YouTube doctor analyzing your video apology and I had to see for myself what he meant. And I can see why he said what he said. I can see that your ego got the best of you. But seriously, we all make mistakes in life because that’s how we learn cuz we’re human. But then when you share and say what you practice what you preach on YouTube or other social media outlets, then you get caught and not follow through especially being a public figure on YouTube, then the truth is people will still empathize and follow you despite your actions (lkarma). So time tell and allow yourself to reflect on your past actions as your present actions. That is why I don’t commit unless I know myself 100000% to follow through. I hope you can mature and learn from this personal experience. I’m sure you will. 🙏☮️🕉☯️💟🛐
I like Dr. Mike. But his career is severely damaged now just from one vital mistake as a celebrity doctor.
Your clutch man don't even worry about it Dr Mikey
Ok I just heard about this, and honestly, I’m disgusted. I live in Canada and a few months back, there was this DOCTOR who travelled from province to province, WITHOUT self isolating. He ended up infecting many people, including HOSPITAL PATIENTS. I was also born with a congenital heart disease so I take this very seriously, and it causes me so much anxiety when I have to go out to get groceries. So no, I don’t care if you’re fine even if you went, you deliberately put yourself and others at risk. Irresponsible and inexcusable. Unsubscribing 🗑
y'all better stop acting like y'all don't go out drinking at bars or eating at restaurants during this pandemic smh as long as he followed all of the precautions what's the big deal? the cancel culture is lame af
If it was that serious to you, you wouldn't have done what you did. And yeah, you are being used because you are a professional and your actions matter. Thanks for apologizing tho.
People make mistakes
My thing is that since he lives alone and actually does the 14 days quarantine with a negative Covid-19 test before going back to the outside world it’s not that bad it’s fucking stupid but not the same as other celebrities who didn’t stop partying and still put other people in danger.
why would you post this here? no one follows this channel and i had to ACTIVELY go and find this. also, this wasn't a mistake, this was a choice. 'i did everything right'...'but i messed up'... makes no sense. 'impact of my trip'... IMPACT OF YOUR ACTIONS.
I am certain you took prudent risks. Don’t beat yourself up. I see people drinking in bars right next to each other-THAT IS NUTS. Everything has a risk, including taking the vaccines!  You have done good, none of us are perfect, you have the guts to admit it !
I'm just disappointed as Trump's babies have been spreading false rumours about doctors prolonging it for their financial gains. It is definitely not true, but cases like this would further the point of the conspiracy theorists.
I'm very torn up about this. People are basically claiming he's faking an apology, and it shakes me. I want to believe that Dr Mike and everyone on YouTube are their true and pure selves. As for the situation, could it have just been a moment of weakness or is he being intentionally hypocritical? My heart is split. I don't know who to believe anymore! I don't know who I can trust anymore on YouTube! 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Why are you not posting this on your main channel? Cope out In my opinion, disappointing!
WHY IS THIS NOT ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL...... could it be because you don't want people to know about this? could it be because you're not genuine about apologising? you showed you true colours, take down the charade. clout is not more important than a WORLDWIDE PANDEMIC.. pfft disappointing. your just sad you got caught
"Rules for thee, not for me"
Title should be “admitting when I get caught”
Why tf y’all canceling him. 💀
Why was this not posted on your main channel? You're trying to hide what you did instead of taking responsibility.
I liked the part he did a neck adjustment on a girl on the boat
The fact that he even apologized is enough. Yall need to calm down.
And COVID is only fear mongering.. it’s real but we need .. actually we have to realize that our body is much more smarter than our fears. It heals it self... please.. yes COVID could be real. But have faith and trust In god that good health is your birth right. And if you get sick it’s only the flu. Ignore the negative e and allow what God has for us.
Nobody's Perfect
You may have spread coronavirus onto hundreds of people and if they die, the blood will be on your hands. Hope you can live with yourself. You’re not sorry for partying. You’re sorry for getting caught.
Hes Human, and works freaking hard. He has been a rock for many during this pandemic and if he weighed out safety measure and followed guidelines then sure.  Look after your people on the front lines they need a break too!  Love to you Dr Mike and Bear ❤
Nope. You didn't even post this on your main channel. That's cowardly. You're a massive disappointment. I haven't seen my grandparents in like a year but you get to go party? And tell others that they can forget about covid because hey dr mike did. No. I'm disgusted.
I literally didn't see my twin brother for 5 months because of this pandemic. You're telling me a doctor thought an elite birthday surprise was enough of a reason to "risk it"? I know we're all allowed mistakes but the fact that this wasn't posted on your main channel tells me this is publicity and nothing more. I respected you Dr. Mike and know you're more than a "pretty face" but this isn't taking accountability to the millions of people who have supported you, listened to your advice, and trusted your stern judgements on this pandemic.  It's not fun getting called out for your mistakes and people are allowed to trip sometimes but what they do after can show exactly the type of person they are.
Unsubscribe waves bois?
Eh, I’m gonna get back to testing some vacuum tubes and listening to records.
Ok you are hot and I hate that I totally dig you.. So I Admit that you are good looking.. the difference is you haven’t met me yet. I’m more cuter than you.. and guess what . I live in south Florida!! And I don’t mind dating a guy that is good Looking as you! Hope this makes you smile and you are awesome!! And I’m just being silly! Take care and I love how honest you are..I almost fell in love with you.. he hehehe 😂
The problem I see is he left New York (a city with high infection rate and extreme lock down mandates);  and went to Florida (without the restrictions) to visit his father and party with his friend.  I am going to say his father is living in a retirement community filled with people who have week immune systems.  According to the CDC, this community has a greater chance of catching and dieing from covid.  Dr. Mike did not quarantine prior to entering this community and had a risk of spreading it throughout the community.  The reason we are going through the lockdowns is to protect the vulnerable.  His chances of having issues are low; however, he still took the chance of spreading it into this community.  There are people who have not been able to see their parents since the lockdowns.  Dr. Mike on the other hand can party it up with Instagram models and still visit senior citizen communities.  This apology is just a PR stunt.  He tells everyone one thing to their face; then laughs at you behind your back.
You are humain, you are still my favorite youtube  doctor.  I still belive in you.
Dear Dr. Mike, you have underestimated the importance and power of your influence. So many of us (average people) were delighted to see your sincere effort to educate and inform us...and then you pull a stunt like that. Please decide for yourself what role fits you better influencer or medical professional. Visiting your family, we could understand, going on a lavish boat party like other, run of the mill, influencers is too much.
He’s really trying to limit the blowback of this. He’s stopped showing new tagged photos of him on his Instagram.  I’ll be curious to see if he posts a video tomorrow on the main channel 🤔
Stop deflecting. It would have been easier to say you gave in to your impulses and made a mistake.
Someone got caught😬
Me expecting him to say Covid wasn't as bad as expected and everyone overreacted. Reality... He went on a boat trip... I really don't care. Why's there such a fuss?
Why not putting ur apology vid on ur main channel?
Thank YouTube for recommending because he hid this apology on the second channel. I’ll unsubscribe from the first since clearly that’s not where the important information is
You knew exactly what you were doing partying on your boat. You know wearing a facemask is bullshit, thanks for finally showing who you really are. Hypocrite of the fucking year award is yours!!!! keep up the great work "doctor"
Don't really care what you did Dr.Mike. I believe that you took the appropriate steps but next time dont take part in photo ops. Hope you don't stop making content for too long.
I don’t agree with a lot of things Dr.Mike says about Covid, with that being said I think we both have the same goal is to truly help people. We may disagree on how that’s done, but I don’t think he intended on hurting anyone. All though I have issues with the CDC for those who agree with it, I hope they at least realize Dr.Mike didn’t intend to harm anyone. With that being said the CDC rules have many issues with them and it’s very hard to follow them, so it can be very challenging to, even if you truly mean to follow what they say. So we should all be gracious to each other and realize we are all trying are best to make things better ❤️
Boy you guys are super invested in his little mistake. No lie, if my friends surprise me with a boat party, we gon’ turn up. I think he did a good job considering his risk level. Hell, he already got on a plane, might as well enjoy hisself.
you became another Dr Oz..  You forgot why you went into Medicine
post your apology on your main channel if you actually mean it. i'm far from the only person here who didn't know this channel existed.
I love Dr. Mike, but I can’t say that I’m not disappointed. He preaches about the dangers of covid, tells people to stay home, but he ends up doing the things he informs us not to do.   He does deserve the comments that INFORM him and give him criticism, but he doesn’t deserve hate comments. No one deserves that because we are all mere humans, nothing better than that. We have bad moments, we have selfish and vile ones too. This is not brushing off what he did, but instead understanding and having an open mind.
Looked as though he was having a GREAT time in that picture of himself and 14 others in a small boat, without masks during a deadly pandemic that he spoken countless times about and instructed everyone to follow the CDC guidelines. Dont defend him. It is to late to keep apologizing and making excuses for not following the rules. Hes not genuinely sorry 🙄
you fucked up... this is unforgiveable. you're a doctor ffs
So disappointing. You’ve lost my respect and I’m unsubscribing.
I hate social media for this. Giving people a platform to hate on a person who is first and foremost HUMAN. And humans make mistakes. We are always, everyday calculating our risk atm. My boyfriend is using his exact same words about calculating risks when it comes to meeting other people. My god, we really need to step up our game on empathy here.
I'm just going to say that a few years ago in Austria(before COVID) there was a giant govermental crisis because the Deputy Chancellor(or whatever the guys position was) caught partying with prostitutes in Ibiza that ultimately lead to the fall of the government and a new coalition had to be formed. (I know this is probably a bit too European for Americans). I still have hope in Mike, people learn from their mistakes(especially after a backlash). So keep it up and take the mask and other rules seriously, especially Americans who are now the most infected.
Charlie says... Ex-septum all.
I wanted to have an open mind, but the more I listened to your apology the more I realized that it is impossible. First of all, the choice to place this on your secondary channel says a lot about your honesty in all of this. On top of that, discovering that criticism of your actions has been blocked on your main channel further exemplifies the fact that I don’t believe you are actually that sorry. Yes, you are young and healthy. There is no doubt about that as that is some thing that you fairly often refer to on your channel. However, even with that you made a conscious decision to essentially attend a party. You definitely did not follow CDC guidelines and attempting to convince your followers otherwise is shameful. You may live alone, but you still endangered people’s lives. As a doctor, you should know that this disease strikes even young healthy people. As a doctor, you should know that gathering in groups like this leads to community spread. By proceeding with this event you made a conscious decision to gather a group of people together with no masks and no social distancing and those same people had the potential and may have already further spread this virus which you know is killing people. You may have followed quarantine procedure following this event, but you have no idea if those other people did. There is a level of privilege here as well. Do better? No, I say you should evaluate your choices and the reasons why you started this channel. Did you start this channel to entertain? Did you start this channel for vanity and for attention? Or did you start this channel because you genuinely wanted to help people? Ask yourself that. Ask yourself why you are taking the actions that you are and ask yourself if you are truly being honest with both yourself and the people who follow and respect  you.
Why can't people just accept his apology? (This is my own opinion btw) He is owning up to what him did and trying to show people that he can do better. Everyone makes mistakes, famous or not. we are human. And maybe he is just doing this because he got caught but at least he is saying something about it. Some influencers do nothing. I tend to see the good in people and how they are trying to do their best. He is accepting the hate because he knows what he did. I understand what he did is unforgiven, and I know, but the least I can do is help him and forgiven. The world is already crazy enough. Honestly, he should of put this on his main channel so more people can see this. I rest my case, have a great day. ❤
Disappointed.
I don’t like the amount of people saying words like “disgusting” and “gross,” but I can say it was very unprofessional.  I don’t have many feelings on the matter other than this shouldn’t have happened and that it will not happen in future and this should be on the main channel.
who gives af what this guy does. Yall needa mind your own business
The hypocrisy is mind-numbing.
I didn't know about this channel until someone showed me today. There is a very small fraction of your fan base present here. This seems like a very deliberate choice to protect your image, which undermines your apology. I don't know if that was your idea or not, however, I would suggest posting to your main channel. I'm disappointed, but you're a person and we can't expect you to always do the right thing every time. People seldom do the right thing every time.
🐫 𝐇𝐞 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐲 𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐬 𝐲𝐨𝐠𝐮𝐫𝐭 𝐚𝐟𝐭𝐞𝐫 𝐡𝐞 𝐬𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞𝐬 𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐬.
You just got caught my dude
I'm a nursing student and feel guilty about going to the grocery store, let alone go out and party. Come on man, do better. Don't blame this on the pandemic being "hard on everybody". If the general public can abide by restrictions, you definitely can. And put this on your main channel, this was so calculated.
I honestly have a lot of respect for this video,he took time he did research and admitted he was wrong. Yes he’s saying sorry after the backlash,because my guess is he did not realize the full impact his actions would have. I do feel like this should be posted on his main,but that’s up to him. I truly believe Doctor Mike is a good guy.  I just feel like people need to chill a little with attacking him. Yes he made a mistake. But he admitted to it and is trying to better himself. Not sure how much more y’all want.
“Doctor”
Fauci admitting when he's wrong.
Your just some doctor that thinks your better then everyone so stfu i was a loyal viewer , your sorry you were caught
You guys have to understand that he is human, and everyone makes mistakes. Yeah he did go out and party, but guess what just because he is a doctor doesn’t mean it gives him the ok to do anything, along with that just because he is a doctor doesn’t mean he can’t make mistakes, doctors often make mistakes whether they are big or small. Give the dude a break
I appreciate what you're trying to achieve with this video. But as a person who hasn't been allowed to see their family for a year, I don't understand your actions. I would say it to anyone in your situation. Is it really worth taking that risk to party with some 'girls'? If we all stopped making these exceptions and excuses and stayed put, this pandemic would finally end and we would be allowed to spend time with our families. Doesn't matter that you're a doctor, doesn't matter if you take this virus seriously or not, just stick to the rules for a while so we can all go back to normal eventually...
You need to come off with a better apology than this, looks very calculated.
I‘m disappointed
What a hypocrite. This RN is 100% disappointed in you.... Did you actually follow the mandatory 14 day NY/NJ quarantine upon returning home????????
This is hard evidence of the bullshit that is covid and how politicized it is.... Good thing you uploaded it to your small channel and not your bigger one. The lockdown measures only apply to regular people right?
Be a better person next time, Mike.
He clearly doesn't practice what he preaches.
In my opinion, you did nothing wrong. You followed CDC guidelines while trying to add a little bit of normalcy back into your life.
Who cares
most of your subscribers don’t even know this channel exists. clearly you don’t want to take accountability. you just want to be able to say you did.
He’s transparent I like his style 10/10
Thomas had never seen such bullshit before
Kind of  confused about what happened but I still like you and I'm glad that you're trying to make everything work with everyone and you apologize 😄
I absolutely do not believe that he had that extensive thought process and looked up the cdc water guidelines beforehand. This “apology” just reeks of a desperate attempt to preserve his image
So many people bashing him... it’s true, he’s a big social media influencer and his impact is huge. He did the very things he himself said to his viewers not to do because of the situation we’re in and it’s nothing to play with.. What he did was wrong.  This pandemic took ALL OF US by surprise. Just a year ago everything was normal. No masks, no social distancing, we could still handshake, we could still greet someone with a kiss on the cheek, we could still hug, no freaking out because someone sneezed/coughed in public, we could all still go out, hang with friends, be with family etc. We’re all still adapting to a world who might not even be the same after COVID ends.. there’s no telling.  And I can clearly see why a lot of viewers would be upset, a lot of us have lost loved ones to this pandemic. Loved ones who we will never hug or kiss, touch or even talk to again.. Loved ones who’d still be here if COVID never happened. We’ve not only lost loved ones but jobs, opportunities, we’re struggling financially, mentally, physically even. We’re in a state where no one desires to be, there has been loss on a world wide scale and there’s no denying it.. A lot of people are upset because he’s over there partying having fun and we’re trying to be good humans and follow rules.  But... we can not paint a perfect picture of him. Even if he’s a doctor, because he isn’t perfect and never will be, just like the rest of us. Yes he’s a big influence, yes he’s a doctor and should act differently because he’s a Prime example, yes he’s spoken so much on this topic and yes he let a lot of people down. But the fact of the matter is he’s human. He’s made of flesh and bones, he’s not a robot..  It’s very hurtful, at least on this end, to see him sad and humiliated because at the end of the day he’s a great human who’s caring and genuine. By writing this I am in no means justifying his actions, he himself said he was wrong and will do better, not only for himself but for his patients, friends and family.  COVID has been hard on everybody, especially those in the front line. And in these times is where we should be even more supportive of each other, come in unity as one as humans, and not be so hard on one another.. mistakes are prone to happen, to anyone especially in a society so new to us now..  So please, my plea to all is let’s not be so judgmental and say all these mean things, leave the pettiness aside and see Dr. Mike as what he is.. a human like all of us who clearly made a mistake.   Doctor Mike you do extraordinary work! A lot of us admire you and are thankful for educating us on things the average person wouldn’t know.   Thank you for everything you do, and thank you for coming forward and addressing us like this.   Thank you for your being genuine and for your honesty and transparency. Please don’t stop what you do, we love what you do and those who support you we will always be here for you.   Hope this makes you feel at least a little bit better, and I hope this changes at least someone’s mind. Take care 🙏🏻
Dr Todd Grande make a reaction video to this apology video. You should watch it.
So is Philip DeFranco gonna cover this, or???
Well if a doctor can go out and party i can too!!! 🙄
I like how risking your patients life was not a factor. I'm sure everyone can see right through you.
You’re a hypocrite puppet
I mean I don't think you have to apologize at all. I kind of don't understand why you're apologizing at all considering literally the first two minutes of it is justification for your actions hell I'm sure you haven't had much social interaction yourself besides work. I saw this headline on my pixel phone when I accidentally right swiped... Hey man everyone's got to do the best they can, friends and family can wait but at the same time everyone needs some interaction with the ones they love. I'm kind of angry that the internet made you apologize for this
Please post this on your main channel if you're honest about your message.
Mike is one of the least problematic people on YouTube. Tf is wrong with y'all.
My mind is blown with this. It makes me feel like the Dr Mike ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL WITH MORE SUBSCRIBERS is a fake persona, cos this decision goes against everything you supposedly stand for on that channel. I’m used to politicians and other rich people thinking rules don’t apply to them, now I gotta add doctors like you to the list?!!
Look at this fool. Look at him. Caught in his own dung, and now has to pull a Pelosi and Newsom vlog. What's done in the dark shall come to light.  Disgrace
Dr.Mike, thank you for your apology.  I hope you learn from this. The medical information you give is still helpful and valid. As for me, I continue to stay alert but not anxious.  I hope you father is well and your friends. Keep up the good work you do!
Has anyone in these comments been perfect during this??? No?? Oh, cuz I thought you said something.
And that's an unsubscribe from me my friends
How long have you been a gay man?
Thank you for your apology. I hope you really mean it. People are suffering more from restrictions than the illness and I very earnestly hope it's really worth it and you guys aren't lying. I get it. I work as an EMT and I get both sides. We're all human.
It sucks that he feels he has to apologize to people he doesn't know for living his life. He did the research, he followed the rules, and he's following all necessary quarantine procedures.  People are expecting him to be beyond human and to not live his life outside of his YouTube existence and it's unfair of his followers and "fans" to do that to him.
I asked my doctor if it was safe to fly to see my parents and she (very supportively and sensitively) talked me out of it by citing CDC guidance and the risks I’d be posing to myself and my family (and everyone I’d have to be in contact with during my travel), who I haven’t seen in almost a year and miss desperately. I’m also young and healthy and live alone. I also don’t have the money Dr Mike has to cover my medical costs if I do get sick.    This is such as miserable time and this is genuinely disgraceful behavior. What a weak thing to put this on your channel that fewer people watch. Good god. It is quite literally your job to know better.  But, hey. Good for you for wearing a mask at the gym.
That's actually a good apology, despite that part in the beginning where he said he looked up CDC guidelines.. that part we could've done without. Luckily for him, he won't face much scrutiny because of who he is. We all know why.
I have so much respect for you for making this, but you have a right to take reasonable risks just like anyone else. Just because people are gonna spin it one way or another doesn’t make it unreasonable, and just because you’re in a position of power doesn’t mean you have to censor yourself, verbally or otherwise
I don't believe you deserve the hate because of one mistake from the beginning of Covid you have been helping us with are questions and conspiracies on the topic. Honestly I think that it was a mistake that many people are making because the passed few months of the decrease in the cases  people are get a little bit relaxed about it even though the cases are good up again some people just miss there family and things happen.
Your whole credibility about the pandemic went out the window the moment you decided to go party and show us the opposite of what you have been preaching. You don’t really care to apologize, you’re doing it because of the backlash you’re receiving and you know eventually this will blow over, but as someone who was watching your videos religiously. I don’t take you serious at all anymore.  I’ve lost family due to this pandemic and you as a doctor, a “famous” doctor. You should’ve known better.
Lol this is funny. You’re acting like you didn’t know exactly what you were doing when you made a conscious decision to do it. Did you really not expect that you, as the most famous social media physician, who broke his own social distancing guidelines, to not break the public’s trust in science?
I really thought that the whole partying thing was a hoax and I'm really hurt that this was true. I hope this is a true, sincere apology from his heart and not just because he got caught. I personally am going to have a hard time trusting what he says and seeing him as sincere as before.
proves to me that this whole thing is bullsh*t! Less people died in 2020 than in 2018 per CDC website. Flu deaths don't count anymore, and no one dying of cancer and other ailments.....YOU are part of the problem, the destruction of Humanity as we know it is happening to us now, and you have a roll in it. God will not Judge you lightly for your roll.  All opinions that want to rag on me, don't bother. If you believe all this, you are misinformed and I do not want to hear it.
There's a difference between being sorry and being sorry you got caught.
Fewer people died this year than in 2018. Covid isn't something to be scared of. Do what Dr.Mike and the Governor of California does when they think no one is watching. Ignore the restrictions.
You're a hypocrite! Hope you enjoyed the party 😒
Why is every famous person hypocritical about quarantine orders? I think they only want the poor and the middle class to stay home because they think we are the contagious ones.
What a quack
No fake tears, no dog and he’s not sitting on his kitchen floor, is this even a YouTube apology?  2/10
It's as you said you are only human. I feel like that's something that a lot of people keep forgetting during this pandemic. That drs and nurses and other medical professionals are also human. They also have family's, friends, worries, concerns, needs and a life outside of the workplace. But a lot of people seem to forget that and feel like they should be saints or something. Only doing what is deemed acceptable but it's ok for others to do it. Don't get me wrong, I don't condone what happened, but there are people that routinely flout the guidelines and still expect things to get better, and there are people who sometimes forget about it and do the wrong thing. But I feel like there is a difference between them. And I feel that people should react accordingly. If someone is able to learn from a one off mistake then allow them to do so (I'm not talking about murder here, obviously there are different scales of what you can call a mistake,). I just don't see why there are so many people putting medical professionals on a pedestal and think that they aren't allowed to be humans. I hope that you keep the main point of this when you next go to criticize someone or putting too much guilt on yourselves in the future for something you didn't intend to do, and that is that we are all human. EVERYONE makes mistakes. ♥️♥️
Great content 👌
Hypocrite
Liar. Shame on you
. . . Why you post it on Doctor Mike clips and not your big channel? It would reach more people there. :-(
If you had posted this on your actual main channel this would have seemed more credible.
Ok.. outside of all seriousness Mr. Doctor Mike looks sexy in those glasses
You made a mistake and it shouldn't be trivialized. Regardless, it's the opinion of this random internet stranger that your contribution to public health and health literacy remains overwhelmingly positive and I hope you continue to do what you do.
Yep it was definently not your fault....     .        .     Hypocrite
My daughter, who is Mike's age got covid. She wasn't partying, she was helping a friend. I think I'll watch a health care provider who takes covid seriously. Do what he says, not what he does. Shameful.
This comment section did not pass the vibe test.
So cringe he has to apologize for going on a boat.
Covid is a joke
Every single comment not from fellow doctor influencers is bad...oof. This is worse than the Tana apology, can’t wait to see him try to talk his way out of this one.
What a phony human being. Phony apology
This guy is so fake
I truly feel that you are sorry, but your situation as a medical profession makes any excuses you have ten times worse. You’ve been so adamant about protecting others and staying safe during this pandemic, and you do this, and it contradicts everything. It gives any doubters ammunition to say “well the very doctor who was a spokesperson about anti-maskers and downplayers of COVID did so and so, so how serious is the virus then?” I would never have seen this if I didn’t see a random tweet on Twitter, I wish you would have posted this on your main channel. At least you addressed it, and I can’t speak for all of us, but a lot of your viewers who look to your medical expertise to breakdown barriers of knowledge are very disappointed and may look to you less.
Kind of cowardly not to post it on your main channel
Trash!  This means nothing posting on your side channel. Trying to save face.
I was disheartened to see the reports of this incident, but I must admit that this apology is impressive. I have nothing but respect for anyone who publicly admits their mistakes and reaffirms their commitment to their ethical values. Thank you, Mike, for setting a good example for how to apologize with grace.
I'm sorry but I'm so done with these pussies.... Being so scared of getting sick.  People are starting to seriously look insane to me. When my class start my teacher opens alls doors and windows, cheaks the airmonitor that was instaled in every class room, dunks his hands in handsoap, cleans all our desks and his own, stays away from all of us and wears a mask the intire time.  People have become paranoid. People are insane
He admitted he made a mistake. He is a human just like everyone else so there is no need to give him so much hate. There are so many people who are going crazy being stuck in quarantine and have gone out and done worse things so we can’t say he can’t be forgiven.
The rules are only for us peasants, not for the royal elite
you're a clown
Plandemic*
Some class A idiotism right there. Rules for Thee, not for Me...
And the fact that you uploaded it to this channel and NOT your main speaks volumes of your character. Super disappointed.
I think it’s amazing he can admit his wrongs. Of course it doesn’t change what he did and the risk he took while I can’t see my family in my home  country for over a year or even my boyfriend 15km away for a few months now . But he’s only human. He’s saw the impact of his actions and I think people should give him a bit of a break he’s genuinely sorry.
This is such a well spoken and heartfelt apology. Takes a person with such a big heart to make an apology like this. Love you, Mike!
Was this an apology?
We all humans we all making mistakes! HCA from UK 😘
Ahhh, this video is a bit short-sighted, Doc. Saying it’s the conspiracy theorists that are making a better case from you is placing blame else where. This was super impulsive, hypocritical, and you messed up. People will take from that and use it as evidence anyway. I like how you admit you’re wrong, but it seems like you’re placing a bit of the blame in a couple other places/on society.
He couldn't even look u in the eye when he apologized near the end SMH
Wow, so disappointing. Just another celebrity hypocrite...smh🙄
Your title means something. We look to the experts to help us. You have a huge responsability. You chose that responsability. And now you're just protecting your brand. Get fucked.
He made a mistake, he apologized, and said he would try to change his behavior. That should pretty much be the end of it, I don't see why people are still fussing about this. It's not like he was drunk driving or something and ended up injuring someone else. Trying to deny the importance of minimizing the spread of the virus over things like this is going to put so many people in harms way.
I hope everyone criticizing this man has been 100% perfect with following 100% of the guidelines or else you're all hypocrites
You’ve destroyed your credibility as a doctor influencer. You should know better when you’re this visible. Do you deserve to have fun? Yes. However, you have a duty to all the people you share your expertise with to not just set a higher standard but live the higher standard. (BTW, I used to be a HCW and am married to one who risks his and our families safety to be on the frontlines of the pandemic) It’s disappointing to see someone in your position be so careless. You could have easily said no to your friend’s gift and save it for a later time. Your reputation as a physician is always one bad choice away from being devastated, just as your license is one bad outcome away from being lost. Thanks for giving yet another reason for MD’s to look down on DO’s 😤
I love reading everyone pointing fingers at him as if they didn’t all or a large sum of them go Black Friday shopping for non essential items as if they themselves haven’t gone against recommendations from their governments. If I recall correctly most of the states where forceable reopened so people could go see the fucking hair dresser or have a prom. It’s just hilarious how you all call him out for hypocrisy but don’t look at your president or yourself on the same light.
Why do I feel like this guy would be the first one off the titanic when it was sinking 😂 Talk about an egotistic maniac.
Dr. Mike was DEAD wrong..his actions were totally irresponsible, reckless, and honestly selfish. But we must remember all the good he’s done too! He has done amazing things for the medical community, his good definitely out ways his bad. We shouldn’t cancel him... But hold him accountable and move on.
You cannot ask conspiracy theorists to attack you and not the science when you’ve been a poster boy for dispelling misinformation about covid-19 and a source of advice on how to act & stay safe during the pandemic. You have been a representative because of your huge platform and large following. The most irritating thing about this ‘apology’ was how you prefixed it with weak excuses. You were not doing water sports when you were photographed huddled together on a boat with 13 ppl. If we all decided to do our own biased risk assessment every time we fancied meeting in large groups the reality is the spread and consequences of the virus would be worse.  I think it’s very telling of your mindset that you’ve only liked positive, affirming comments that seek to minimise and gloss over your actions.  From one healthcare provider to another, I can only say that I was saddened and disappointed by your behaviour
There is strength in vulnerability...in admitting when we are wrong. Truthfully, COVID is affecting people. We are social beings so to expect us to be fine when our social experiences are being limited is ridiculous.
Damage control. Wouldve slightly  bought if you posted this on your main channel.. Youre posting on your smaller channel so those who don't know yet don't find out.  Pulling the typical youtuber trick. How disappointing ESPECIALLY since youre a doctor.
I think i missed some context
We only had 700-800 cases and we became the most lockdown city in the world. We are now 29 days of zero new cases and currently zero active cases. It horrifies me that countries with 100s and 1000’s of new cases everyday have not lock down properly.
Get an L and his dislike for being a hypocrite.
So okay produce the covid tests for the 20 plus people in your photos. How about the covid tests for the woman you were adjusting on the yacht. Covid test results for everyone on the plane to and from Miami? How about the yacht crew? Did you do daily Covid tests of everyone you partied with every day?  Did you know where every one of those people was every day? Pretty sure you didn't and you can't say that you did. You did not screw up. You did this on purpose. This takes planning, it's not spur of the moment. Sorry but you lose all credibility here. My niece is a healthcare worker. She was going to come home for Thanksgiving. She hasn't seen her family in over a year. She decided not to rather than risk our lives. That is called being responsible and saying what you mean and meaning what you say. You...you just blew smoke then jumped on a jet to party. Your apology is BS.
🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
A youtube "celebrity" turned out to be a douchebag. Shocking.
🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
That's the downside of being an influenser. You have to issue an apology to the public when you get caught doing something you shouldn't.
Man the pictures look kinda sleazy too. Never took you for that kind of person
Not about to throw the first rock as I, myself, have broken the rules too.
You are a human with an incredible amount of integrity.
Is this Dr. Mike's “I’m sorry I got caught” video?
You fucked up. Bad. Own it.
For the people saying he is only apologizing because he got caught... Did you hear what he said? He took all the possible precautions and HE IS WORRIED ABOUT DAMAGING THE MESSAGE HE IS TRYING TO SPREAD, because people is using that as an excuse to attack the medical studies... He decided to take the risk, and now the problem is people using that as a weapon against science
He’s not the only one. Look at all these hypocrites- Nancy Pelosi Gavin Newsom Dianne Feinstein Chris Cuomo Governor of Denver (forgot his name)
Lol so many girls in the comments feel like they've been cheated on after discovering his photos at the yacht
If you're disappointed and say that and even choose to unfollow him, I get it.  What I don't like seeing is people who act like they're perfect and never been hypocritical before. I'm not defending his actions, but I just feel as though people in general do need to be better with their responses. It's right to call out someone when they are wrong, but not to wish horrible things upon them or use what they did to harm others with lies. The science doesn't change because of what he did. Please don't cause others to get hurt (by giving them false ideas, etc.) because of his wrongdoing. I know it's hard for some, but try to remember we are all human. Rich or poor. Doctor or not.
Im an attractive successful doctor who got to have a party on a boat even though every drop of my medical training and common sense would have told me this is a universally stupid idea, but please feel bad for me because I got caught and I really really didn't think anyone would find out. You want to say you're only human which is true, and humans get dragged for being thoughtless and selfish. Go work on your hair or making your shirts tighter. Bye!
I am a sheep I live among sheeple.
a bit ironic when a DOCTOR who advises people to follow guidelines yet completely ignores it himself
Why is this not on your main channel? Where the ‘ impact’ would be greater
This virus has one motto, rule for thee and not for me
Oh, please you are pathetic. It's true what most of the comments say you are only liking those comments of other doctors and other people who shows pity and ignoring the other comments. Also put this on your main channel that has over 6 million subs.
Dr Sanjay Gupta wannabe
This is bullshit. Practice what you preach.
You’re an amazing human, we love you and support you ❤️🙏🏻
That's right. You are being used to push an agenda that science is dishonest. That's why your actions have so much weight. it's not just cancel culture. It's people like us trying to convince friends, family members to take this seriously and protect each other and essential workers, including you. Your actions caused national headlines, because of your platform. Your response should be in your main channel if you want it to be considered seriously. I'd also recommend a segment to build awareness for long COVID symptoms like P.O.T.S. PVFS and others that seem to hit young and fit people who had mild symptoms and have been acknowledged by medical experts including Dr Fauci.
Did you think about the possibility of putting nurses and your patients at risk?
All this cause of tittes
Oh no. He didn’t wear a mask on a boat. Pfft forget the last 9 months of his campaigning to millions for awareness of COVID, forget about the last 9 months of videos informing people on how to stay safe, forget about the last 9 months of his job working on the front line to treat and care for COVID patients. CANCEL DR MIKE DISLIKE THIS how dare he be rich
Im so tired of people blaming their bad behavior on others. It wasn't your trip that will affect things, it was your behavior. It's not conspiracy theories.....it's your behavior. Thats the great thing about science, it is not affected by people's behavior. It is what it is but please STOP blaming others for your choices.
Dude you're a shill.  That's it.  You tow the line that you're paid to tow.
Weak simp. Freedom is the only thing important.
I am really sorry about what the comments are... to be honest, it's hard, it really is, I am young too, I am french and we really do have a culture here of getting together to talk and have a glass of wine, or going to museums etc. So yeah messing up happens (hopefully not often) but we all have to be honest and admit that sometimes we do things impulsively and regret after. It is not that he is a bad person but that he is human. I support you always, you have the right to have a moment of weakness like all of us. Love 💕
Idc  people need time to themselves  especially  being  a dr. Screw anyone  else
You’re still a hypocrite
I'm just laughing at all the negative people on here. Do none of you leave your house? Do none of you go grocery shopping? I've been working through all of covid in retail and come in contact with hundreds of people a day. I believe Dr. Mike had the best intentions in mind and made sure he was following guidelines. Everyone needs to just calm down. Dr. Mike you're good, you're human and enjoyed life for a bit while still being safe-- I forgive you.
You're still a young man you've got a lot to learn, life experience is only learned through living and learning from your mistakes.
Everyone should wear masks and Dr. Mike said this on his show but Dr. Mike ignored this and partied with a bunch of harlots hypocrite.
If you're going to apologize, just apologize. Don't qualify and excuse it. Prove it through action... That's all that can be asked. Even if it sucks and hurts.   We need to be better citizens of Earth and this is not how we do it. This negligence and selfishness are why the USA is doing so poorly in relation to COVID19. I would hardly day yours is the worst case in recent memory, but just because it was less severe doesn't mean it isn't serious. This is the price of fame - everything you do will carry weight and be scrutinized.  SO MANY people stayed home alone, missed out family time, time with friends, celebrations, etc. - to try and be responsible. Saying that you and all professionals right now, working tirelessly to save lives, don't DESERVE that fun and freedom would be absolutely wrong - but now is not the time! You can visit your father and boat party all you want when this is over. My mother in law is a nurse and I swear she aged ten years since I saw her last year, this pandemic is BRUTAL.   But she knows it's not over yet, and so do we. When it is finally over I guarantee she will be on a boat to Maui the next day though, lmao.
Dr Mike you are awesome. I respect you taking ownership and addressing this head on. You are to be commended.
I wouldn’t care about this except you got on your high horse
Why his eyes so red? Crack?
This breaks my heart. People have been absolutely KILLING their mental health, even people who already have mental illnesses, to keep other people alive. I'll emphasize that: keeping OTHERS alive. Not ourselves, the high risk groups. And you thought it was enough that you probably wouldnt die from this virus? It's fine because you're safe? I cant even with this hypocrisy. If doctors cant stay at home, who can?
Stfu
Money 💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰
They WANT TO ALTER YOUR DNA and YOU are PUSHING THIS!!!!!!!!!! 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
How is he saying it’s low risk when he’s literally a doctor who sees patients frequently... so disappointing. He doesn’t care about his patients and his followers. His actions proved that. I was a supporter until now. It’s also some bs this is on his side channel instead of his main. ✌🏼
This is a BS apology.
Why are y'all being so mean that's a human that makes mistakes. Please stop acting perfect we're not were human
It's alright Dr. Mike, EVERYONE commits mistakes. I and many other people still support you and believe you are a good doctor and person. Don't let this discourage you.
Who else doesn’t care for his bullshit anymore
Post here so those subscribed to main page dont see this?
Its quite disappointing.. I respected your work, liked watching your videos. In Hungary we literally talking about not meeting family on christmas, just the close ones. And americans make parties on boats... I dont even have to be a doctor to know how wrong and unimportant a party is in this situation...
I don’t care what you did. I don’t have a problem. It’s just that you lost everyone’s trust and what you say about COVID is now meaningless. Good day ☺️
Hard working women and men of the WHO? 😂
This is here not ur main page only saw this from def noodles video of what you did party others told stay home
Nah. You messed up. I haven’t hugged my grandma in MONTHS.
Where were all these angry people when a known criminal got 3 funerals with 100s of people attending? Honestly he admitted he did it and it was wrong and against what he preaches so I Honestly don't care. He's a doctor not a God. Just move on.
Go to church god is unhappy...
COVID IS A POLITICAL TOOL.
How could you tell people careful stay home and u don't
Not here to bash you in any way because your human. But you should post this on your main page for sure.
The truth is, covid is a political tool that keeps the middle and lower class down and puts the rich in more power. These government mandates are the singular most devastating things for regular people. Screw tyranny and screw COVID. You’re fine, doctor.
2:45 What he did doesn't change the science and that's what I hope people remember... To all who read this, stay knowledgeable, understand the risk, and make decisions that protect you and those you love. Please stay safe.
This man don’t owe you folks a single apology. Tf y’all on? Carry on with your lives and take your criticism else where. Bunch of conformists.
CDC guidelines said not to swim with a mask. It is irresponsible to suggest getting on a boat with a dozen maskless people living in separate households meets guidelines. Acknowledge the mistake without the excuses. This did not follow CDC rules or guidelines.
Hearing about what you did broke my heart. I will never trust you again.
I love it when intelligent people don't believe their own rhetoric. He's making money on telling you what to do. Suckers
Unsubscribed. And if anyone still follows you, shame on them.
Everyone can make a mistake, we are only but humans. Stay safe Mike!
I honestly don't understand all the hate. Dr. Mike has been an exemplary human being throughout the whole pandemic and has given us accurate and amazing information. What he did was not great but it's definitely not the end of the world. It was a surprise bday party and his judgment slipped for a minute...no reason to be so mean- especially because he's owning his mistake.
Lmfao this is so hypocritical. All I heard was excuses.
Y'all lame as hell with the "this ain't a mistake this a choice, he's sory he got caught bla bla bla" They threw him a birthday party and he went ONE TIME, US DOCTORS ARE HUMANS, WE BREATHE WE MESS UP, JUST LIKE Y'ALL DO.Y'ALL DISTURBING AS HELL, enough is enough, I as a DOCTOR love this apology doctor Mike, don't do it again, bless you for saving lives.
Some People need to calm the f*CK down, blaming a doctor who has provided us with the best medical insight we can get on YouTube . He is also just a human being. Don't say you didnt do something wrong this pandamic. Y'all disguisting always blaming others. Just look af yourself first and think twice before you judge others. I think he would be very glad to take his job for a week
Thanks for the message. We all should know our individual risks factors and behave accordingly. For some, this will never be real enough in that...when does the government need to step in and protect the people from themselves?
You should donate to hospitals since you’re out not following your own professional advice.
You know how many of us spent our birthdays alone???!!!! You're a doctor. You literally just sent a message that it's fine to to travel when everyone is saying no. I guess being surrounded by half naked females was worth it😂 such a clown.
I'm a big fan, but yeah Dr. Mike. You did mess up. I'm glad that you're able to take accountability, but I feel like this should be on the main channel so more people can see your apology.
Whatever. 😩
Well it wasn’t the best decision ever🙄 but we are humans
Not posting this on the main channel is a pretty coward move, sorry 😕
this is just getting out of hand. you make an apology video with MULTIPLE flaws (pointed out in the other comments) plus you have hearted and shown support to those few comments that disregard everything you did wrong on that boat trip that use excuses like ‘don’t be so hard on yourself’ or ‘you’re only human’. that’s the equivalent of saying you are sorry and then telling everyone your fingers are crossed and then running away
You didn’t Learn anything I bet you’ll party again next week, lies.
I expect more from a doctor with such a large platform who has spoke on the pandemic with Dr. Fauci. You have a huge responsibility to your followers as a doctor speaking on the pandemic. You have to be the leader for us. If you were just another doctor without a platform it would be different, but you chose to have a platform and that comes with responsibilities. I'm shocked more than anything. I also find it interesting that you posted this "apology" on your side channel with ~.009 of the followers you have on your main channel. That isn't taking onus of your actions. I'm not buying it. You don't deserve to get cancelled but you can't continue to act like a freaking frat bro.
Can’t believe you. Such a disappointment, this is why America is doing so bad because of people like you don’t take this pandemic seriously, good job
Not u posting this on ur second channel.... Lost respect smh
But you couldn’t post this on your main channel with the 6million subscribers? Fake, you’re such a jerk for telling everybody else to stay home yet you’re out splurging
Very sad and disappointed. I really thought dr mike was an smart person leading by example
Look at all these scrubs putting their two cents in. Mind y’all business.
Guys , i’m studying medicine and I personally know many medical students and Economy University students that do party like him which I’ve seen in Budapest, but he has to know that he’s a public figure that people expect more of and as he said, his life and my life may not be in real danger, but your putting other people in danger by carrying this Virus. and it doesn’t look good at all making excuses for your actions in the first few minutes. guys this Virus has killed thousands of people that i’ve personally seen by myself in iran. the Hospitals are full of Covid patients and people are being buried in groups outside the city. it is still a very serious issue because the Vaccines haven’t been widespread yet. wish you the best Doctor Mike. Stay safe everyone ❤️
I have been watching your videos for 3 years and I really thought you knew better. While all of us would love to party rn, we just can't do it but here you are, being an "influencer" before a medical professional, a decent human being. This should be on your main channel and your social media. Your hypocrisy speaks volumes
I can’t focus on anything but your shirt... is it transparent?
I'm really disappointed in you Dr. Mike.  Because I am Immuno-suppressed, I have not been anywhere in 8 months, besides going to the Doctor or getting blood drawn.   Thankfully, I wear a mask everywhere I go to protect myself and my family.  I used to feel safe around doctors...  now... I don't know.  Thanks for that ☹
Great apology, I love the message
Lesson learned! No cameras folks or you won't be invited agajn!!
Dr Mike - you did NOTHING wrong, in fact....you did everything RIGHT!  You are a GREAT human, and you had a great time.  APPLAUSE
He still went to Miami to celebrate his birthday. Decision made. We’re still human though
over acting at it's finest
Dude this ain’t it. “The impact of your trip” is a cop out for the consequences of your behavior and poor decision making. I think people generally believe in forgiveness and second chances. However that can only happen if you take actual accountability. Next time start out with “I was wrong” instead of qualifying your actions. Good luck to you. Also you should probably get a different PR team
Why didn't he post this on his main channel where he had 6 million subscribers?
We all make mistakes. Glad to see Dr. Mike realize how his mistake affects the message he tries to send. As you’d sat to your ex girlfriend when she’d break a dish, do better.
i cant visit my dad in the ICU for covid but he can go on a super spreader boat party YAASSSS us peasants are so disposable
Basically, do as I say not as I do.
I just want to say  I've really liked your videos and seen you as inspiring. Its hard to see this as a mistake, more of a choice I think. I think the truth when we don't wear masks socially is because its annoying or the hot people around us don't want to etc. I'm not claiming I'm perfect but this virus actually scares me and I've had to wait to see how exposure plays out for me. I think the apology feels odd when its not on your main channel and it seems worse than you estimated risk and decided it was fine. can you see how your whole message about masks was seriously undermined? Despite people letting it go. It's like if I spoke as an expert about the safety of seatbelts but then when I have lots of hot guys in my car I decide the risk is worth no seatbelt. It's just disappointing because it really is a choice I know because I've had to make them recently regarding masks. And the time I took off  my mask around house visitors ( 4 to be clear) I fully admit it was because they didn't feel like putting them on and i gave in.. not perfect but i admitted the truth.. Despite how I feel about this.. I do wish you the best with everything.
We are all hypocrites to varying degrees. Understanding that and not beating yourself over it is a part of improving yourself. Just continue living life and doing the best you can to help others is all anyone can ask for.
“I got caught and I have to apologize now”
You can't blame yourself for not being perfect, you are human and far from being perfect. You have help me a lot without even knowing so keep sending that positive message to everyone buddy.
Hypocrite.
clown
I'm sorry but this was a decision you contemplated over and came to the conclusion it was ok? It's even worse than it being an impulsive screw up  2:55 please don't spin this into you being a victim of something 3:20 "i need to understand that my actions carry real consequences" UMM you are a practicing doctor and you haven't realized this yet 3:24 "i may be following the rules and guidelines but it's not enough..." the thing is you did not follow them
Watch us all get a 60$(+) bill for this consultation. 🥱
wow. uploading on the 2nd channel. not enough accountability to upload an "apology" to your official channel. a true influencer now.
Oh did he go out and travel etc? Ppl are such clowns “Do as I say until I’m caught doing the opposite and have to do as I said”.
Here's the real issue - If you actually believed this virus was as dangerous as you say you wouldn't ever consider taking such a risk, ever.  Stop lying to your viewers before it's too late.
I am a subscriber of your channel, but also Dr. Grande's channel. He made a video about your little hypocrisy scandal, which I am going to watch now. I watched this video to prepare. 🤣🤣🤣🤣 We are all human, but this is de-licious. lol  Stay happy and healthy.
Can I ask why you don’t put this on your main channel where more people would actually see this? If you really want to get out a message put it on the main channel where more people could hear this message. Seems a little odd that you put it on a smaller, much lesser known platform.
What a hypocrite. Hope behaving like a frat boy with a bunch of ig thots was worth it smh
I get it he’s a doctor and he’s suppose to be “perfect” but in reality we’re all human we make mistakes, cut the guy some slack.
I went looking for this vid on your main channel? Buuuuut i had to search for an apology for a DOCTOR who’s telling us to stay home and yet here he goes literally ruining it for everyone.
If someone who has been dealing with the pandemic very well and is teaching millions on how to stay healthy, makes a mistake on his birthday in his hometown, it's not the end of the world. Also don't forget he bought masks for his hospital, did fundraisers for charities, bought med students scrubs and is donating his entire Patreon check to charity  Don't be so black and white, he can be a good doctor but do things for enjoyment every now and then
I don’t care how the hell you try and justify it, you shouldn’t have even flown to FL let alone see a whole group of your friends unmasked. You’ve just proven with your actions that your words mean nothing - so why should we believe this apology is genuine? You’ve lost my respect 👋🏼👋🏼
Why isn’t this apology in your regular channel?  Unsubscribed to both immediately!!!  What a disappointment you are!
So basically he’s saying if you’re healthy, then you can be exposed to COVID. AKA HERD IMMUNITY!!!! Let people live!
Fair enough
Dude,  that was super pathetic.
I don't really care if you decide to go out and have fun with your friends. You understood the risks and decided that being with your friends and family was worth it. That's perfectly okay, it's your right as a citizen of the US. Just don't try to shame, interfere with, or punish people who want to be with their families or get on with their lives. This pandemic sucks but some things are worth the risk.
You've seen a lot of neighboors  having parties and you stay quiet but when it comes to a celebrity you make a lot of noise🙄
Your behaviour was disgusting and you are a disappointment to the medical community. There is no excuse.
The fact that this was only posted on a second channel.... and then put on his first channel hours later. That’s pretty upsetting and his words don’t sound as sincere.
Wait what did he do?
Dear oh dear...not a good look.
Hey dude. You made a mistake. I'm thinking your probably stressed and got caught up in the moment. Your human. However if you happen to want to post some vids of your Bear cub playing 😅.
Everyone makes mistakes. Let's not let the mistake define us however, no matter how many want to.
He’s only liking comments from people who are accepting his apology lol tells you everything
If you had enough foresight to check the CDC website you should have known the implications of your actions.  You would criticize anyone who did what you did and say we need to educate them, but you are educated and you know what you were doing was wrong.  You are no better than the politicians who have "rules for thee, but not for me".  You have setback your message with your careless actions and you have no one to blame but yourself.
Throughout the whole video he looks down to what's probably a monitor with a script😂
My blood is boiling right now, looking at the comments. The only thing stopping me from flaming at the haters is out of respect for Dr Mike's Never-Judge mentality.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Notice he's only liking the positive comments from all the people with verified checks lol
You have nothing to apologize for. It is your business and personal life after all. People shouldn’t meddle your life. These people who cried are just jealous and whiners. We all can’t avoid covid 100% and we shouldn’t “jail” ourselves because of the covid. It’s good to go out and have fun occasionally. 🤷🏼‍♂️   I wouldn’t mind these people who are upset lol.
I get it. Do as I say not as I do... Thanks dad! The  hypocrisy is real.
Just noticed he only likes the comments that fancy him. Wew
Guys, remember. Watch what they do, not what they say. Watch what Dr Mike did: Spread awareness constantly, always battled misinformation, kept giving interesting and useful health tips while making a fun video, give us 6 years of constant informative enjoyment, slip up by not noticing how wrong the photo looks.   One scandal, 6 years worth of trust wasted, I see.  Half of you didn't even bother to actually think about the problem, see his POV.   You go on a car ride to a drive thru. There can be 10 people in your car, as long as 10 people live at the same place OR will all be tested. This guy was on a BOAT, with 15 people, all tested.  He knew that he kept with the safety rules. He didn't anticipate the level of controversy that these images had. It's like when you know it's the truth so well you didn't bother to check if it sounds like a lie. TBH the person who posted the images (idk who it was) should have figured out that these look REALLY inappropriate tho... THAT'S the person that needs to know that you NEED to clarify stuff. That's the person that should be flamed right now.
Do as I say not as I do
Do you guys think he should be cancelled? You guys are being so fnning tough on this man
Doctor Mike, you’re human and we all make mistakes. The difference is you’re admitting your fault and apologizing. Sending love 🥰
Doctor Mike: saying his sorry. Me: looking for his nipples through his shirt.
Good on you to admit your faults put this on your main channel though.
I feel like it’s very easy to say sorry after you’ve already had fun, but I respect the apology.
I'm not sure what to think. I wouldn't have known if this wasn't trending since it wasn't on the main. I like him but this is just embarrassing since he's the most popular social media doctor. Maybe the two worlds shouldn't mix after all...
The fact that other doctors are taking this as genuine shocks me. The acting is awful and fact that this man thinks it was ok to do these things is sick. Wearing a mask in the least you could do don’t act like better then others. You are a  1. An influencer before a doctor 2. A awful actor  3. A down right liar You should be getting more hate then what you are now  And the fact that you are scared to put this on the main channel shows his true sick and twisted colors
I love how all these verified people who love him are now hating him....
I just spent Thanksgiving alone because I have diabetes and my loved ones do not want to inadvertently cause me harm. I am appalled and infuriated at your hypocrisy and carelessness. Not to mention the cowardice of posting this supposed apology on a smaller channel.
girl bye, you’re a grown adult. literally no excuses
Honestly, I would have preferred to see him being pro COVID than to watch him being this hypocritical and fucking careless. I’m so disappointed.
Just wanna point out that if this happened 2 weeks ago, that is around the time that we was on Phil's podcast and in it he claimed that he got tested for cov but it turned out that he actually had strep throat. It was pure luck that no one there had COVlD, otherwise it woulda been the prime example of a superspreader event.
Honestly thank you for this apology because the boat incident made me upset after watching you for so long but I can see this I genuine
"To err is human."   -- Bill Shakespeare.  But, what SCIENCE?!! Seriously? You trust the CDC and the WHO?! There is ample evidence not to. Take the 45 year old Lyme Disease plandemic...please!  Deadly toxic heavy metals like mercury and aluminum have no business in vaccines or our bodies.  For profit "healthcare" means the sicker we are the wealthier Big Pharma becomes. The system is fatally flawed and corrupt. Not doctors, the system.   Why not go after the patent holders of all of these designer diseases instead of promoting fear and  hysteria? Who authorized the grants for  the gain of function research to create this "virus" in the first place? Inquiring minds want to know.  That mask is a distraction and a cover to keep people afraid, compliant, and cowering-in-place while 'we the people' lose everything we have left in the so called "Land of the free. Home of the brave."  They can't make a reliable test but they can come up with a vaccine?! Right. I'm not buying it. Good luck with your dangerous social engineering and mask charade. None of this makes sense!  Build your god-given immune system instead. That's what is keeping the 2 trillion viruses already present in your body in check,  ...but, nevermind.  Get your unproven and untestable "vaccine' and suffer the consequences.  The End...
Unsubscribe now.. That's disappointing
Y’all think y’all could cancel a licensed health care provider like he’s just another YouTuber who lives off his videos... 👀 Appreciate we even got a video... mistakes don’t get your license revoked 🤷🏽‍♂️
ehm, ehm, ehm Didn't even know anything about this controvery, but this is an excuse of an apology video. This is Youtube by now everyone on here knows how these work and if they're genuine or not.
Idiot
Grow a pair of balls. If you thought going out was fine, just say that.
He was quick to argue and talk about controversies with nurses and people... until he became one.
Wow, this is a masterpiece of making matters even worse with a completely insincere, manipulative apology that is blaming everything and everyone else for your total incompetence of keeping the most basic standards of integrity as a medical practitioner with a medical degree, especially one that is a role model and authority figure for people that want to live a healthy life according to the guidelines of actual, scientific, working medicine. Also, why don't you just create a new channel that nobody knows of, with a name in no way related to you - this pathetic piece of pretended apology would be hidden even better than it is now. Or maybe it's everyone else that's in the wrong about things in the end, and we're just incapable to comprehend and appreciate that Covid-19 is no match for green tea with honey. You've just unmade yourself as a reliable, trustworthy medical doctor. Have a good life and good luck.
Plebs will eat this up. 😂
Second channel. Hm. Performative.   My grandparents live in Florida. You literally could be the reason they catch COVID now. Thanks no thanks. We've been doing our part based on medical recommendations and someone who wants to be taken seriously as a medical professional doesn't? You are the reason people don't believe in this virus now. Actions like this ruin public trust.   This isn't a "mistake". It was a choice, and a choice that could have killed people, or potentially contributed to the already full hospital systems in FL.   Come on. I looked up to you, you made me consider the DO route, as well as family medicine and were an inspiration to many like me. Now? I don't think I can in good conscious continue to support you.
No matter what he’s going to get away with this. It’s be big now and blow over in a month. This is what disappoints me.
Not happy with your actions, and this should have been posted on your main channel, but I'm not cancelling.
"sorry I got caught, lame Youtube apology" I am so tired of them. This one wasn't even good.
Why put this apology on ur second channel tho?....
This is so disappointing. My heart goes out to the doctors and nurses who are working the frontline and putting their life at risk everyday to help others. Mike is just an influencer who got caught partying while other doctors are working hard.
Dude I am absolutely disgusted and SICK over this. I am an immunocompromised Florida resident. I'm on infusion therapy. I've been sharing your videos with family and friends who have told me to "just stay home" if I'm "scared". How can I do that now when you BLATANTLY disregarded YOUR OWN ADVICE??? I have seriously considered ending my own life SEVERAL times this year because of how shitty people in my state have been to me over "I don't have to wear a mask" while putting MY FAMILY at risk. I have had friends in the hospital with this virus. My cousin, a doctor, fucking DIED IN DC ALONE because of this virus.  I'm so disgusted I could spit.
Paid promotion lol
I understand your realization and the impact on everyone. HOWEVER people that are impacted by this “mistake” can and sometimes do go to their friends and family. I think you are allowed some of that freedom as well. However i live in the Netherlands not the US so my opinion can be totally biased. Just wanted to put it out there! 😊
you’re not sorry you did it. You’re sorry you’re caught.
Ok, I'm genuinely curious, how many people here would go swimming in a mask? And how many of u would turn down a surprise birthday trip on a private boat with your friends who all tested negative? He may be famous, but he's still human. Yes, yes, he probably shouldn't have gone, but he did. He apologized. Life goes on. And btw, none of this has anything to do with the validity of his medical advice...and it isn't the first or last time a medical professional contradicts themselves.. fun fact cotton candy was invented by a dentist.
Gross. I stopped following this phony a long time ago.
Hypocrite.
I feel like everyone should keep in mind that dr. Mike is a human and humans make mistakes. Yes it is not ok to do this in a pandemic and he should of thought about this more but he is not perfect, no one is.. and with that being said he is definitely not the only person that has made a mistake during Covid 19. The difference is that he understands his mistake... I’m not saying that nobody else does but a lot of people probably don’t. So let’s focus on that. I’m not excusing what he did but I am forgiving him.
No ur just like the rest of these guys getting caught . Corn ball
I've never commented on anything in YouTube, but I want to say something.  I'm a third year nursing student. Currently taking my classes online because the universities are not allowing in person classes. I found your main channel a while back and subscribed to you, because of how you would explain some medical information that would increase my knowledge and because you would debunk those who would downplay COVID-19, including the mainstream media and politicians.   I didn't know about the boat party scandal till today, when seeing this apology and doing some research. And I must say that when I found the image of said boat party, I was shocked, wondering if this was the same man who would tell people to stay home, not go to any social events. Including me, who desperately wants to go out to public areas that I miss seeing. But I, like many others, listened to the information that medical professionals like you were providing. And I at the time admired that you went out of your way to explain such things.   However, as a medical professional, I believe you are responsible for setting an example to others. And that party was not a good example. And while I believe we are human and make mistakes, in this exact video on minute 1:00 is the maximum capacity for boating activities, being eight. In the image I counted 15 people. And if you, doctor, really did your research, that doesn't mean you made a mistake. Rather you made the conscious decision to ignore the guidelines, exactly the opposite of what you tell people to do.  I can accept your apology, but I quite honestly don't believe it. I'm shocked, frustrated and even sad. I don't believe you deserve to be hated, but I do believe that if you want to convey the message of being safe during this pandemic, you should also be following your own advice. I sincerely hope you learn from this and one day gain my trust and everyone else's as viewers, supporters, people and patients
The reason I'm saying this is because: propaganda
Love that I spent Thanksgiving alone at home and my grandparents did as well but you're out here partying it up in Miami. 🤔
Post this on your real channel doctor Mike! Don't be shy you are lying you knew what you were doing I'm sickened by you I really believed in you you have totally disgusted me!
Rules for thee,...but not for me. Seems to be a theme amongst those who are pushing this narrative so hard. It's almost like they don't really believe what they are peddling. I wonder who pays him to say the things he says?
Acting like a dumb tik toc kid... don't you see patients all the time?
Boats n Hoes
Im so sorry you couldn’t do the bare minimum 😢
post it on your main hypocrite 🙄  What happened to the promise to do no harm
Rules for thee ...
Thanks for prescribing me with a high dosage of DISAPPOINTMENT, Doctor Mike. Not just in the fact that you made said "MISTAKE", but that you don't have the respect or decency to post this to your main channel. I legitimately had to SEARCH for this. How is one to accept said apology if one has to SEARCH for it.
This was disappointing but good to see you're addressing it. I'm disappointed in your friends, too, and wondering why they didn't think those photos (and distribution of?) may be damaging.
So what, just let the dude have some fun
I already made a comment on this post, but I’m gonna do another one.  He initially intended to go to Miami to visit his father’s apartment. Is that a bad thing to do? He carefully traveled and that’s what matters. His friends surprised him with a boat as a BIRTHDAY gift and the plan was made last minute. He’s safe, his friends are safe, and does anything really matter if they didn’t spread anything. You all are hypocrites too. You all are probably telling everyone to wear a mask, and at the same time probably at Walmart with your mask beneath your chin. Hate on me, I don’t care. Yes it was dumb for him to go on a boat ride/have a party at that. But he’s fine and so are his friends. Just please take everything into consideration before you speak, okay?Thank you  I apologize if I have any missing words, I miss words all the time
If you don’t care about catching covid why aren’t you in the ER helping out is my real question.. no one is perfect but we can start doing what we can to help the ones that are suffering. It’s your personal choice though so I will not judge.
You wasn’t wrong you just got caught.
People in there right mind need to unsubscribe to this fool.
Thanks for this non-apology. Your biggest regret is people are leaving negative comments??? LOL, you are HYPOCRITE just like the rest of your lefty/fascist friends
Humans make mistakes, doctors are human, and every single one of us has done something stupid at one time or another.  However, I don't like the youtube star/influencer prevail over the physician. Posting an apology once caught and, above all, not on the main channel.  Add a hoodie and we're in the beauty community 🙄
anyways u got caught and thats why ur sorry i expected better from a doctor
Can we just stop? Covid exists just deal with it were all gonna die.
he didn’t even post this on his main channel :/
The responsibility that lies on your shoulders as a doctor and an influencer is just mind blowing... please don’t let these negative comments get to you Mike. People act like they always do everything right and it makes them feel so good and satisfied when a young successful person gets in trouble. I don’t support partying during COVID but God I hope this is not another “cancellation” of a YouTuber who is doing a great job. Stay strong and focused, the only way is through.
Post this to your main channel
I get it you made a mistake don’t beat yourself over it
He ain't a doctor, he's an actor
Dr. Mike, you’re absolutely right that you are human. It takes a lot to admit that you were wrong. To that apology accepted! 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
doctor mike: wear a mask this virus is deadly   also doctor mike: WOO PARTY anyone???
I feel like you didn't do anything wrong. _Maybe_ it would've been a good idea to let people know so they wouldn't jump to conclusions about the safety of the event, but it's not your fault that people take things and use it for their agenda. You're a great person please don't beat yourself up.
Didn't know you're like that Mike
Nobody's perfect, regardless of their public persona.
HA-HA Busted!
I do really think Dr. Mike is one of the best doctors out there. Not because of his skill as a doctor, but because of his personality.
People make mistakes... Don't be so hard on yourself.
🌹🌹
This makes me question if you’re actually sorry, why don’t posting this in your main channel? And I feel like the only reason you’re doing this vid is because you got caught, doctor mike I’m truly disappointed.
Not buying it. I'm so glad dude you're not my doctor.
"You look so dumb right now" "Don't say that you're sorry cause you're not, when baby I know you're only sorry you got caught"  -_Rihanna_
Some of us have had to cancel weddings, graduation ceremonies, (and birthday parties, ironically), watch loved ones pass away through ZOOM calls, give birth all alone, and not see loved ones, even ones who live close by for MONTHS, all due to Covid-19.    But I hope you had a good party, Dr. Mike.   I hope it was worth it.
Mike posted on a small channel and YouTube added on a trending page. YouTube is snitching.
Thank you. There are so many people who believe they won’t experience Covid. Me AND my husband both had to deal with Covid! My husb caught it from two hunters he guided. They were from North Dakota and even though their mom was in the hospital with Covid, they still flew out for their hunt.  They were selfish and irresponsible.  5/6 guides contracted Covid, as well as 3 spouses.  It can happen to any of us. It’s important to think of others.  It was 7 weeks before I could see my family.
Don't apologize life finds a way. Life moves on regardless of one virus that has a 2.2% fatality rate think of the 98% who survived it. Don't let fear dictate your humanity. You did mess up. You lived your life. Life is about risks and there are a 1001 ways to die this virus is only one. We need to move on. Good for you and Happy Birthday.
You can tell those excuses to my sister who is a pharmacist I lost respect for you. You don't deserve your license at all. I'm unsubscribing because you don't know how to do your job right.
i still think this should be on the main channel, but i'm still in your corner, Dr. Mike.   keep on shining.
It’s hard on all of us. It is hard to isolate for almost a year. I hope you keep making content thought.
Very reminiscent of Gavin Newsom...
Oh! Blame it on your friend! Omg you’re a hypocrite. There’s no excuse. None. Zero. Nada.
Might not speak for everyone, but apology accepted Dr. Mike. You owned up and were willing to admit where you were wrong and can improve, and the same can't be said for a lot of other people with as large of a platform as you. Making mistakes is okay, the problem is if you act like it never happened. Still respect and appreciate you and won't let this overlook all the good you've done.
Why is this in your main channel?   Don’t want those that haven’t heard about it to know the liar you really are?
You defo would never have posted this if you hadn’t been found out
Who
Why wouldn't you put this on your main channel though
Nothing is worse than not practicing what you preach and being a hypocrite. You now have a MD in BS
Nah
Its hard to forgive, my Mother died a month ago due to a Nurse who brought Covid into the facility she was in. Last count, over 50 cases due to this one Nurse who also thought she took all measures. :'(
Why are people still so supportive of him? I would not want my doctor to tell me to try to stay home, and try to be safe for myself and others, and then find out that he's been partying and traveling... It's one thing to see a friend (maybe up to 5 friends) in the same city that you live in, like once every two weeks, but another to travel from one state to another and parties... My aunt (who is a brain surgeon), would've probably lost her job and her doctor license if she got caught traveling and partying.   And I don't care if you got negative 3X for your tests. I've gotten negative almost 3 times that since April. And I've yet to party, and travel from state to state, I didn't even go BACK home during summer which is several states away from my school, most students at my school didn't. Even my fraternity and school is taking covid serious.
it’s hilarious that you have to apologize for living your life. your just making your self look like a cry baby
LMAO the hypocrisy. this whole time he been getting on people and doing interviews w fauci just to do this i’m so weak
I live overseas and won't be flying home for Christmas to spend it with my family this year, have no idea when I'll be seeing them next. But happy belated birthday, I hope you had a good time..
Corny hypocrite. Guys a joke, keep lecturing people to put on a moral front
You left out some details. I was wondering what the big deal was if you were on a boat with a couple friends and family. I didn't realize it was that kind of party until I looked it up.
You just give to the anti mask and antivaxx movement a super weapon. Influencers acting like covid doesnt exist meanwhile a hundred of people is dead, so disappointed! You didnt even Post it in your main account. Unsuscribed Dr. Idiot!
Boooo
only here because of Dr Grande
The government are the cause for covid 19, apparently. Second strand, covid 20 might be released soon. Be carful and don’t participate in any political acts. It’s currently happening in France and may happen in America
Don’t worry dr mike! Rich influential people break the rules without consequence all the time. If anything the burden lies on those of us that thought you would be any different.
On my 70th birthday in April. 2 weeks into lockdown for COVID19 pandemic. No gifts. No party. I baked myself a chocolate cake. I talked with 100s of YouTubers around the World. God is good. We are blessed.
All I see is a bunch of excuses   Practice what you preach
The fact that he has to apologize with a whole video, out of fear of being cancelled is ridiculous. The comments in here saying "he only apologized because he got caught" or "if you're really sorry, you would've put it on your main channel".....that type of hyper-critical behavior is so toxic, self-righteous, and unreasonable.  The guy can go out and choose to live his life, and in that process make mistakes....and that is fine. But being forced to make an apology video, because cancel culture is so terribly rampant that it could ruin someone's name and effect their career......that is what is wrong.
it sounded like he implied that everyone on the boat quarantined before and after getting on that boat and that just doesn't seem likely
This was incredibly stupid and I’m actually appalled that you did this. I’m already seeing people on twitter say that the guidelines must be bullshit because doctors (you) aren’t even following them. I’m also shocked to see other medical influencers in this comments section acting like this is an opportunity for personal growth or something. This was incredibly and indescribably stupid and you put yourself, your patients, and everyone around you at risk, and you also allowed thousands of covid-deniers on the internet to look at you and say “see? It’s all fake and rules don’t apply to the rich.” What an absolute embarrassment to your profession.
Started an apology with “we’ve all taken a mental toll” lol nice
Your a pathetic hypocritical man baby , and I can see  this from England
BLAH BLAH BLAH...
It's a big deal to apologize for your mistakes and try to correct them. You have realized your mess and that's so appreciable. Not admitting a mistake is a bigger mistake.
Only sorry cause you were caught lol
Even without context, New York and Miama are both massive hot spots.  Fool
I haven’t seen my mother in months, because she’s scared that there’s a 1% chance that she will spread Covid-19 to me and my siblings. She’s a neurosurgeon. She lives in a hotel. A week ago it was her birthday and it broke my heart not to be there for her.  But so what? She was happy to FaceTime me. But yeah you are the hot doctor and rules don’t apply to you and your rich friends. You chose to make that mistake. It was your decision and you knew what you were doing.
I'm just gonna say this. I love you Mike but this was not a mistake. You actively made the choice to go out and party, not wear a mask while on a boat (which is not a water activity, water activities are when you EXERCISE not when you ride a fricking boat) with more people than what was allowed. You looked it up but you still decided to go against it. You knew what was the risk, you still decided to do it. For what? For having fun on your birthday? This is just typical influencer stuff, telling everyone to stay at home, wear a mask, social distance, but you just have to show off that YOU can do this, you can have fun with your loved ones while someone else's family members are DYING from COVID-19. You're not sorry for doing all this, because if you were, you wouldn't have done it in the first place. You're just sorry you got caught. I'm not sorry that you're losing your followers, be glad that's the worst thing that's happening to you right now.
Idk who this Dr. Mike man is but he's a terrible actor
When I see people say, he only is apologizing cause he got caught, I don't believe that because there's no way that this wasn't going to get out. He knew from the beginning this would get out, he didn't care tho. He probably had it in his mind that he was gonna make a video like this from the moment he knew the party was happening. Not like it matters. He still had the party, still had a blast, while the rest of us are following the rules being punished for people like this. Family members dying in the hospital alone. But the yacht was a opportunity he just couldn't miss out on.
Just watched "Dr. Todd Grande" give a review of this apology...Dr. Mike should watch it...
YOU'RE A DOCTOR....... An actual doctor and you partied without a mask lmaooo
Apologising bcuz got caught? How NEW!
What I don’t like about this apology is that he probably didn’t look up all the CDC precautions before what he did. He honestly mostly likely looked it up to down play what he did, or to make it seem like it wasn’t completely as bad as people see it as (kinda like implicitly saying, “Yes I did that, BUT [. . .]”) he should have just started his apology right away at 1:52 . He did miss up, and we shouldn’t hold a grudge on him for it because it seems like he did learn from it, and we do need to move on.  But all in all stop worshiping these celebs and influencers because a lot of them live in their own bubble, are narcissistic (to a degree), and like to preach one thing, but not follow it themselves
WHAT A LOAD O BS, DOCTOR SPREADER!
Should have put this on the main channel. Cowardly.
"Mistake" Did you ACCIDENTLY get on that boat?!?! Lol
Oh my goodness, hes human.  Can he not enjoy himself doing so safely?  Imagine all the mental and physical stress this is putting on medical workers, I honestly don't blame him!!
More people have died to suicide than covid 19 this year
You forgot who you are just because 😏 you are so popular know😏
The earth isn't flat
Dude, you should really post this on your main channel.
This is rich. YOU DID NOT MAKE A MISTAKE. A mistake is like slipping on a wet floor. What you made was a DECISION. A stupid decision.   My MIL "surprised" my husband and me with plane tickets home for the holidays. Guess what we did?? We declined! Why? BECAUSE THERE'S A GLOBAL PANDEMIC. My husband works in aerospace, and has had so many tests due to this. He's always tested negative. Just to be safe, I, too, get tested every three months, although I'm at home all the time (which SUCKS SO HARD). We're younger than you are, we're extremely healthy, yet decided not to travel for the sake of everyone else. I don't see this as a "mistake" rather as a selfish decision that will have a negative ripple effect... You are so beloved. You could have just stayed in your million dollar home and been a-okay. But no... You were "depressed" and needed to hang out with half-naked chicks because... Oh, right... Your sadness.  Why not post this on your other channel if you're doing the right thing? You're just as bad as other "influencers." No, you're worse. You KNOW better.
I was really disappointed when I saw the pics. I was really hoping it was a mistake or photoshop.... but it clearly wasn't. He wanted to do what ALL of us want to do and then he DID it. We ALL wish we could hang out with our friends without masks and have a good time. Practice what you preach, dude! Soooo disappointed.
So you're allowed to assess the risk for yourself because you're an adult and only you know your life... but the government is allowed to assess the risk for the rest of us with an these ridiculous mandates and constitutional violations, gotcha🖕🏾
I love your honesty Mike❤️ so many can’t even do that. Keep doing a good job you do x
I love how people say so much mean things, like if they haven’t even stepped outside and haven’t seen another relative thats hipocresy he’s human stop the hate
Yes we are all human BUT your apology will take time for people to accept. That photo did send mixed negative vibes to those who support you and  conspiracy theorists that have now cemented the idea that CV 19 is a hoax. You deserve a fresh new chance but only time will tell if you are truly genuine.
What did he do?
You're a shady man for not posting this on your main channel. This by itself says a lot about you as a person.
These comments are ridiculous. We are in the middle of a global pandemic that is affecting people’s mental health as well as physical well being. Yeah, he messed up, he is literally owning up to it in a video. That’s better than 99% of people going out and living their everyday lives until COVID affects them. It costs $0 to be kind or mind your business if you can’t be kind (and yes, I do wear a mask every single time I go out because I’m a teacher and I take it seriously, yes I have had family members with COVID and I’ve been quarantined myself for it in spite of every possible precaution , don’t come at me, I get how serious it is).
Put this on your main channel. This apology is a lie.
Doctor Mike is one of the best Jewish channels on the web.  Plus he knows how to speak Russian he is very talented.
Wait what is he wrong about again?
What a hypocrite
And it's quite disappointing that he only likes the comments that supports him, this shows a lot ....... of the hypocrisies.....
lmao what did he do wrong?
Saying Im low risk so it doesnt matter is what assholes influencers has said all this time, this is so dissapointing
Conspiracy theorists aren't using you for nefarious purposes. They have been getting mixed messages from people like YOU this entire pandemic. Government officials and physicians are saying to wear a mask and socially distance while going to lavish parties. What are they supposed to think when their trust is already low? YOU are feeding the paranoid conspiracy theorists that think this is a hoax. This apology is just like your behavior elsewhere. You said that you were in the wrong, but shifted blame during the apology constantly. You said you made a bad decision, but had to justify yourself by showing the guidelines you were attempting to follow. (Legality and morality are separate things btw.) I supported you for a long time but this apology only made things seem worse and ingenuine. Even in this apology you're giving off the WRONG message that young and healthy people are unaffected. Tell that to the long haulers developing auto immune disorders and young doctors and nurses that have died on the front lines.
I live not far from Miami and work in a hospital......I appreciate your message and I struggle daily even with my own extended family members trying to make them to understand the severity of this disease. Ive watched our positive numbers climb and decrease only to climb again. This isn’t going away anytime soon if we’re not careful, it’s not a joke, it’s not a ploy, it’s real and I see it everyday. I hope everyone takes your message to heart and wears their PPE appropriately to keep everyone safe until we’re out of the woods on this.
Well, maybe instead of being surprised that your behaviour is being used by coronasceptics you should've actually thought about it before you did what you did? I mean, even if you set aside the risks you generated by going to a party for a second - you're a public person now, you should've KNOWN this was going to be used by anti-maskers and their horde. This is just common sense, sir.
We don't have to attack the "science" dr. Mike! YOU already did, by showing us that, even YOU don't believe the B.S that you're peddling! So many "doctors", governors, journalists, Congress people and other government officials being caught doing EXACTLY what they tell US, the little people, NOT to do! They even threaten us into submitting to their ridiculous policies, meanwhile partying, not social distancing, not using masks (unless in front of a camera), not following their own guidelines! WAKE UP PEOPLE!! They are SHOWING us that all this is just scare tactics! I'm not saying Covid is not real. I believe it is, HOWEVER, there's so much they're NOT telling us!🤦‍♀️
My mother's care home is overcome with COVID19 this week because staff brought the infection to work with them. Party is not in the 2020 vocabulary. Yes, you are human and made some bad choices. Live and learn. I pray that you do not have to live with a lifelong consequence of your choices as some do.
I dislike how people are saying his apology is insincere like a lie detector when they can't reliably detect lie 46% of the time and he did post this video on his main channel community post.
Why is this not on your main channel?
Time for Dr. Mike to get into politics because this is the behavior you expect from your local governor. Not from someone who is supposed to save lives.
I liked him wearing the glasses during his mea culpa for no reason whatsoever other than convey some kind of manufactured serious face. His 'I looked for wriggle room on the CDC website etc to see if I could attend my partaaay' was pretty pathetic. A proper doc would just say  no to the potential risks, not to mention your  reputation. You're  as good as the company you keep and his fellow party people gives a clue to who he really is underneath the white coat and stethoscope. I  imagine his 'all is forgiven' grovelling fans are probably more enamoured of what's happening below the waistline  than what's coming out of his mouth.
I swear y’all are so annoying...get a life
This whole situation is so disappointing. The fact that the trip happened at all is problematic. And then an "apology" hidden away on a much smaller channel. I really looked to you for a lot of information and advice and now I'm questioning you and others in the medical field, which is an unfortunate place to be in right now.
I'm surprised this isn't in your main channel. If you are truly truly sorry like you said, why wouldn't you post this there too? Wouldn't you want to make sure everyone know how sorry you are about this? You wouldn't want people to think you're only sorry because you got caught, right? Because that is what it looks like
Why isn’t this on your main channel?
He is a textbook example of a narcissist.
I can't visit my abuela dying of Alzheimers but he can go on a boat to hangout and party.. lmfao ok!
Check out my book on my channel
If you truly meant your apology wouldn’t you want all those that you offended to hear it?  ...yet you post this to your secondary channel.
This is my concern, I personally believe that no matter if you’re in the medical field or working remotely from your home the idea of social distance is avoiding contact with people. Why not just be with your own household? And if you live alone, and can’t handle being a alone roommate with someone and just be with them? It doesn’t mean stay just locked in your house but what we also need to be doing is outdoor activities only with your household. I believe a mask can do so much so we also need to take some extra measurements. I mean how long Is this pandemic going to last? For me this is frustrating especially bc I live in area where no one believes in wearing a mask. And I’m starting to doubt my own precautions bc what if I’m the one exaggerating and going crazy...
I do hope that you do a proper quarantine before returning to work - remember that it's 14 days quarantine!!!!! Not less. I thought you were a doctor but I can see that after this boat party you might not know anything about THE GLOBAL PANDEMIC that is affecting the world right now. I am not a hater, I am still ( I don't know yet until when) a subscriber of yours .... but, I a disappointed subscriber. I know that is rude saying this but after the offense you done, I really don't care if you get offended.
You don't deserve hate, but you do deserve the consequences of your actions.
Shifting the blame. Playing victim. This is not an apology video.
“Regrettably unemployed”  I have NO regrets about my unemployment......  social distancing and isolating.... the first steps introduced
Doctor Mike, I'm an enormous fan of yours, and I understand this pandemic has been stressful for all of us (especially medical professionals like yourself). We all know we shouldn't expect you to be perfect, but as a public figure, I think the best course of action is to put this video on the main channel, to the audience that brought you all this success. Take your licks, admit fault, and move on. A lot of us will respect you more for it. I'm still rooting for you. No one is perfect, but please do your best to do what you feel is the truly moral action. 👍
Me as a healthcare provider am so disappointed I. You very disappointed in you.
. Dont worry, i knew you wer full of it first time i saw you on phils show 🤨 .
This makes me feel like If doctors are not taking this serious why should I? I caught my own doctor without a mask at the local grocery store. This is all so bizarre to me. (Yes I wear a mask every wear I go. Always).
quack doctor
This should be on your main channel. Not on your channel with less subs where almost no one will see it. That’s just shady.   You also had 15 people on that boat. WAY over the limit which is like 8.   I don’t know if i or anyone should trust you to be a role model to others in this pandemic after this ignorance to be honest.  you knew the guidelines and consciously ignored them, and as a medical professional you have even less of an excuse than others.   Every influencer uses the line “im only human” in apologies and while that’s true it’s not an excuse. When you do something stupid you should just say you did something stupid.   Everyone is suffering from this pandemic, and once you knew about the party it was your job to stop it. Especially seeing as you work on the front lines. Hell you shouldn’t have gone to miami in the first place.   It’s my mother’s birthday today and we can’t do any of the things we normally do for her.   my stepmother lost her grandfather to the virus. My sister didn’t get to celebrate her birthday either. My cousin missed her graduation and all the fun things of senior year.
you know better than to say because you're young and healthy your risk is lower. a 10 year old boy just died from covid in my city. you are supposed to be an example. you deserve to lose your platform, your license, and your job. you're disgusting.
How hypocritical. He only said apology cause he got caught if this was never film he would still be doing it
I will be admitting my wrongness and apologizing after my annual Christmas party and New Year’s eve. Looking forward to it.
Dear Dr. Mike Varshavski, I acknowledge your apology about your wrong action. However, it speaks volumes that you are uploading this to an account with less viewings and less following instead of your main channel, which brings me to a point of how hypocrite and somewhat insincere your apology is. You admit your wrongdoings yet not strong enough to face people's criticisms. Face them. Face us, coward.  I would also want to voice out that because of your action, it caused the conspiracy theorists to use this to invalidate the risks and cautions the science community has warned to the public especially you and you have no one to blame for this but your own self.  You are negligent, hypocrite and a shitty person to boot. I hope that no ever invites you again to interviews since you are a hypocrite.  Have a lovely day and take care always.
So should we not attack the danish study that said masks are not that effective, or does that not count because it doesn’t fit your science?
We don’t care tbh.,do whatever you like
So you followed all the “guidelines”, did such diligent research about risk and possibility of infection but you still messed up? So your decision making is flawed? Your ability to research is flawed? Did you do thorough research or did you make a mistake...? Which one is it?
My entire household is immunocompromised. We have been sheltering in place for eight. months. We have broken ties with family to maintain safety, because if we get it at least one of us will probably die. You partied maskless on a boat with all your friends. You, a doctor with the power to influence how hundreds of thousands of people view covid safety practices. You didn't make a mistake. You made a choice.
Hahahaha wonderful addition to the “YouTube apologies” book. 😂   PS: Mark Dice got me here.
This is what we get for trusting a pretty face. You can't even post this on your main channel? How utterly disappointing, "Dr." Mike.
People can’t go to funerals but sexy Doctor influencers can party on boats in Miami? Okay sis.
“Risk is a spectrum” THATS WHAT WEVE BEEN SAYING FOR MONTHS
One rule you and one rule for others! Hypocrisy at its finest! You’re only sorry that you got caught.
You’re a doctor. Taking any risks with this isn’t okay and you shouldn’t have had to be called out to know that. This is sickening.
There’s nothing wrong with what you did. You followed the guidelines and took all the appropriate steps before and after. The only issue here are the assholes that took advantage of you by using you to move their own agendas forward. That’s not fair to you or others. No one is expected to quarantine 365 days a year. You’re allowed to do what you did, that’s why those guidelines are available. It’s just the scumbags that did this that are wrong.
SO ARE SAYING SORRY TO WHITE AND RUSSIAN PEOPLE NOT SIKH AND MUSLIMS RIGHT! VERY SPECIFIC PEOPLE!
Everyone is being so judgemental and critical, as if you guys are perfect
Post it on your main channel please. Mistake happen and are absolutely forgivable. You followed the rules, perhaps not best practice, it happens and you’re human. Put it on your main channel, this is important
Why is everyone saying it was a mistake?? He literally said he thought it out and thought about the risk. He clearly only apologized because he’s facing backlash and got caught.
The only reason people are hard on him is because not only is he a doctor, but also one who is famous. If any other person had a boat party for their birthday, no one would say a thing. Not all places in the world were in full lockdown and many people had parties, even bigger than this, again following the safety precautions. I think this is an unnecessary apology; which he wouldn't have to do, if he were a normal citizen, not a YouTuber, especially not one, mostly famous in the US. This is such an American drama, I can't even stand it.
You guys NEVER forgive any apology they give. All you want to do is cancel. and this is coming from someone with COVID.
Why isn't this video on your main channel, I don't get it
This video was just suggested by your marketing team. This is not your idea. You are still the narcissist Mikhail Varshavski(just as you presented yourself on Dr. Hope ´s channel, with your answer. people, do not let yourself fooled by Varshavski. You can get any of these mediacl advices from you GP, he is not special at all. He is just good looking, nothing more. There are several more physician, doing a hard work in a hospital or science, instead of Varshavski´s Instagram "doctoring".
Well congratulations you are human. And negatives are needed to make positives. Don’t be so hard on yourself. Even the safest of safies  still do their own thing. And the public should respect this mans privacy. Let him live and improve on what he feels fit without castrating him. Geez
This was really disappointing. I truly hate it when people do not walk their talk. Do as I say not as I do 😒.I’m glad he learned from it, and that he took accountability, but then again is it because of his platform?
This is absolutely placating garbage. This guy is a total tool bag.
I’m not angry I’m just disappointed
Lmaoo this guy must be joking. He is literally a doctor too smh bro. Saying he's "CAUTIOUS AND NERVOUS" yeah right.
It sucks. Sucks man. We're here making efforts. I had to postpone being with my family more than once. Respecting measures to keep contact to a minimum. Enduring the restrictions the government keeps putting on my life, just so it passes quicker. And you go and do something stupid like that. Hope it was worth it. Unsubbed. Be better.
So many whiners in this comment section. He’s a medical professional doesn’t mean he’s perfect.  Live a little people. Good grief.
You should really put this on your main channel. It seems like you're trying to address it while hiding, which will make it worse. This is disappointing.
As a medical professional you are the role model for doing the right thing. You can’t be mad people are doubting science when you blew it as a physician. As a nurse I’m ashamed.
Y'all beloved doctor is finally showing his real color.
Well this is a great confirmation for me to unsubscribe. Thanks for making it easy for me “Dr” Mike
It take real courage to admit you made a mistake and apologize. I don't know who you are, you were recommended by YouTube. Nice to meet you. Most of us make mistakes because most of us are human. I cannot speak about those who are not. 😆 It is only by the grace of God that I did not make bigger mistakes because the temptation was there!!!
Do you bro. Don’t worry about all the butt hurt people in the comment section. They don’t know you and you’ve done more than they have for people. Everyone in this comment section are all holier than thou attitude.  To anyone reading this get real don’t act like you follow the rules to the T. AND ANOTHER THING MAYNE YOU WONT BE SO DISAPPOINTED IF YOU STOPPED LOOKING TO THESE YOUTUBERS AS PERFECT INDIVIDUALS.
I unfollowed you because you are a hypocrite. You only said sorry because you got caught... You're only famous because you are attractive. Please learn from your mistakes and don't be selfish to your patients. You travellled from NYC to Miami and got caught on 4k photo
The lesson you learned......  Don't get caught 😂😂😂 Mr. Phony 👍
I’m sure you also tell people that vaccines are safe so you’re obviously not to be trusted.
So you’re telling me somebody just casually gave you a boat as a gift. I don’t even care about this whole controversy I just wanna know how that conversation went, “hey man I got you a boat, no big deal.”
The fact this isn't on his main channel is pathetic. I haven't seen my siblings or parents in 1 year because of this pandemic. I had vital hospital appointments postponed. I have lost family friends to this virus. I ended up in hospital with Covid at 23 years old. This apology video isn't a real apology. It's so nauseating to hear someone who is a doctor say "I weighed up the risks". Basically Dr Mike decided "it likely won't kill me so who cares if I potentially catch this and spread the virus to people (including the vunerable people I treat and work with)." It's this 'well if it doesn't affect me, then it doesn't matter' attitude that caused the spread of Covid in the first place.
Lucky you got that 13k unemployment if you were lucky 🍀
Anyone still listening to the WHO or CDC are idiots. Dr. Mike knows this and he’s just pandering to these people. If you’re not spending the holidays with family and taking this mask stuff seriously then I’m sorry but you got played
Maybe those who should be sorry are the ones who are constantly criticizing people online. Yes, I'm talking to you, cancel culture.
Those were some hot chicks on that boat man
Is it just me or does he sound extremely stuffy? 🤔
As a doctor and an influencer to many young people you should have KNOWN better. You come across very playboy-ish and full of yourself always trying to snap up the latest Instagram model. Looks like the fame and money got to your head. Unsubscribed
I actually saw the news of the yacht come up on my recommended this morning and scrolled right past as when I read the headline I honestly thought to myself 'there is no way Dr Mike would do this, it's obviously a mix up of an old photo or something!' I do feel very disappointed. I think mainly as well that he is a key worker and could have passed something back to a patient. =( We all make mistakes, let's hope Dr Mike learns a lot from this one.
Wait are you for real deleting comments right now?..........wth
Dr Mike, you messed up and what is done, is done.
no <3
You thought you were doing the right thing, you did your research, you did all the things per the requested guidelines: unfortunately, you are a human being who makes errors in judgement and who just happens to be a public figure and as such are held to a standard that may NOT be followed by many others although they may be amongst the loudest complainers. Thank you for seeing this issue and publicly acknowledging it. One mistake does NOT eradicate all of the good that you have done and will continue to do in the service of patients and healthcare.
“I’m young, I’m a doctor (the worst spreader), a role model in social media (the worst spreader), and a hypocrite (the worst spreader)
I sincerely apologize, translation "next time I party like its 1999 with super hot chicks, NO photography"
You should have seen conspiracy theorist using you 10 miles away.  All you can do now is move on from this lack of better judgement and don't do it again.  You didn't let me down. You do not need to apologise to me. You are human. Always, *always* remember that.  We have all stayed a bit too long or went to see a friend from afar because we were worried about their mental health more than we were about catching Covid.   You my friend, are a flawed human. That is part of the course. Thank you for keeping me sane so that I don't lose my mind.  Take care Dr. Human Being, I never thought you were a god. 🤗
Man just wanted to mess with hot models and touch their thingly thing in the back of their throat. Can you blame a player? His motto is play the game #1 Medicine #2 😌
This dude knelt to the mob
All y’all really have no lives. Why do you care so much. stop blaming others for your own misery. He’s running a YouTube channel, he can’t save you from his YouTube channel this is all entertainment. You give ppl with no power all the power, he’s just human, just like y’all. What do you expect lmao
man, i wish i were privileged enough to have the chance to decide on whether or not i should attend a private yacht party these days...
Well I've seen the pictures.. looks like you made the right choice ! Helluva party bro !
I will remain subscribed to your main channel- much of your medical knowledge and advice is relevant and useful. However, I am truly disappointed in you. I understand going stir-crazy, being beside oneself in the heat of the moment, so on. However, you're a medical professional- you know the risks involved with having a party, more so when violating social distancing. You strike me as a kind, intelligent person. Let this be a mis-step. Practice what you preach, and don't stumble again: judging from the comments here, you've already disappointed so many, and I doubt you'll recover from a second mistake.
I feel super disgusting but i feel everyone deserves at least one chance! So maybe I’ll still follow you but you won’t be the same DR. For me! Your advices won’t be that serious for me!
Welcome to humanity. But this should really be on your main channel.
i loved you man...it feels like a punch to my face that i looked up to you preaching social distancing and mask wearing and i started watching you since i want to be a surgeon, and you go to some boat with 15 hot girls with less than an inch of distance..happy belated birthday dr. mike and to those who died because of this deadly pandemic.
You’re not the only health care professional out there that has acted recklessly. That doesn’t make it right though. You’ve really hurt your brand and credibility.
Appreciate you taking accountability. But as soon as someone hears “party” or “celebration” with others they should put a stop to it immediately during this time. My classmates and I are international students unable to go back to our homes because of mass populations being selfish and having these get togethers. We have been abiding by all the rules our country and communities have set but yet still can’t see our families for we don’t know how long.   Please people just think about anyone other than yourself.
The impact of the lies and you got caught?
So you're kinda sorry, But Not Really? I think it's more like you're PISSED OFF YOU GOT CAUGHT, that's why this apology is a SLAP IN THE FACE you don't put it on your main Channel, NOW that speaks volumes ALSO you LIED about this virus AND you should be in 100% total isolation for 2 weeks HOW many people DID YOU INFECT?? Were most of those people at your party also doctors? ready to spread the virus thanks to your so important birthday party I did NOT get to celebrate my BIG milestone birthday, but YOU DID because you're more important? better than me? more important than me?  What about family members who died ALONE we couldn't even have a funeral or memorial service for them, but hey your party was far more important   BUT YOUR BIRTHDAY is so much more important now isn't it? Your actions SCREAM.."I'm Dr. Mike, & I'm much better than you, I'm special not like you poor working-class you have to STAY at home Isolated & ALONE while the importing people like Dr Mike get to do whatever they do with ZERO Masks Glaves ZERO social distancing so how much of a "Real Threat" is there really with COVID, now we have multiple types of curative mediations with a vaccine distribution in weeks ....ill go by your actions so that is a big fat NO go love your life as its ALL LIES and that's only on the surface  How many innocent people will suffer from your super spreader event? why aren't you in isolation? What about the other people at the party were they ALSO in the MEDIAL FIELD? Are they in 2 weeks of Isolation? Are they still working in hospitals around patients??? OMG, are you seeing patients? if so you should all LOSE YOUR LICENSE   We gather by your actions this virus is NOW on the same level of mortality as the flu? I'm done Bye Bye Mikie your a hypocrite & coward
There such an obvious class divide when it comes to covid and social distancing. Clearly if u are rich and privileged the rules don’t apply to u
You've done so much for this world! Thank you. Hope this blows over as soon as possible and that people will forget about it.
Blah blah blah!!
Dr. Mike you don’t have to apologize for having a small party on a boat. My gf works in fast food, I work in retail. Both of us have had to deal with our states and corporations making stupid decisions, idiots not following proper safety protocols and just general rude and disrespectful customers. She flew here to visit me in August and we’ve already finalized me flying to her for Christmas. We both know it isn’t the smartest thing to do but we both are trying to do it with as much caution as possible. We have been full of stress and anxiety because we need money and our “essential employee” status means we got no stimulus and we’re in close contact with people all day so we feel that us taking trips to see each other while yeah it’s selfish it’s justified given the toll this year has had on our mental and physical health. And that’s just us 2 working minimum wage retail/fast food jobs, I can’t imagine how much stress, anxiety and emotional turmoil someone in your position is. Being on the front lines having to treat people with covid, telling families that their loved ones didn’t make it and then having to turn around and put out PSAs and do interviews to try and drill it into people’s thick skulls that this is something we all need to work together to combat. Yeah you gathering on a boat with people was inadvisable at best but given what you’ve been through this past year I can’t blame or hate on you for wanting to escape our horrid reality for a brief moment
The moment I realised dr mike isn’t the chocolate boy! The sweetest guy! He’s just a wild guy! Wanted to marry him some day( a celeb crush) but i feel disgusting by choosing this type of a guy! Even liking such men makes me disgusted! There are thousands of guys like you mr Dr.Mike! But there are less guys who are sweet, kind, don’t like the wilderness!
Fake apology from yet another youtuber. Now that's 5 minutes of my time (including writing this comment) I'm not getting back. Good job following professionalism outside of work standards btw
Dude, you shill weight loss apps on social media.  You're the protein powder doctor.   You betrayed your oath ages ago.   Also, that shirt is horrific in every way.
This guy is a quack.
People make mistakes totally get it but it’s the fact he made countless videos on telling us to wear masks, social distance, don’t see friends, don’t see families.... This makes me wonder if he doesn’t believe this Covid thing anyway. No wonder people are sceptical. Politicians are lying, scientists are lying and now doctors are lying to our faces. I’m sure he’s fine in his career and wish him the best but it just doesn’t taste well for some reason.... modern technology has exposed a lot this year. My advice to anyone reading this message don’t watch the media or YouTube videos on this virus- for the rest of the year take a media detox. Have a good one.
LMAO smoke and mirrors, a non apology,  AND on the second(?) channel so no one sees it??? BIG yikes.
By not posting it in your main channel it just shows that you don't mean it. I have used your guidelines and insight throughout this pandemic, but I guess if you go to Miami it makes it irrelevant! Mask off boat parties for all.
Yeah this comes off as " im sorry I got caught" in terms of the message he is trying to get across. Its very hypocritical to be a doctor and act the way he is. Lost all Respect.
Honestly I see both sides of the audience response. Yes he is only human and all that but he also could have really messed up.  Just because he has little risk himself doesn't mean he cant carry the virus (on his hands or something like that) and then he could have transferred it to someone with a much higher risk for covid related complications (he said he was visiting his father and I'm not aware of his health risks ). Not once (that i caught) did he mention anyone's "personal risk" but him self.    So he 1000% needs to be more cautious and think of those in Miami who could have gotten really sick.  But we also will get nowhere by canceling him. We just need to make sure he is held accountable, he still does teach good covid prevention (even if he didn't follow it himself)
Not sure why we are so apt to cancel Dr. Mike. Half of the people on here have probably attended at least one gathering with more than 8-10 people in it. There’s no mental and physical way that you have not attended at least one gathering unless you have literally been sedated. So please, take the log out of your eye before you point out the splinter in his. He has provided much calm during this pandemic and I cannot thank him enough for that. You see the legit remorse in his eyes. If you have no empathy for his admitted wrongdoings, you are the problem and hypocrite.  Dr. Mike, you represent a lot of us, and the fact that you are admitting you made a booboo is what has won my respect through and through. LOVE YOU. 💕
Disappointed to say the least. Lost a lot of respect
Some of you act so high and mighty.  He made a mistake, he's human.  We all miss being able to lead normal lives and do normal things.  The important thing is he owned up to it, which is more than a normal person has to do when they bend the rules during this pandemic.
You partied..so what? 15 people is nothing compared to 100 of some celeb parties or some political party rallies. If anything, I thank you for you working and helping in this pandemic AND admitting your fault.
Real cool to put all your patients lives in jeopardy when they visit you lmao I knew something didn’t sit right with me.You’re a fucking doctor and thought this was okay??? Worms for brains
You did not mess up.. there is nothing wrong with what you did and you don’t need to apologize to people who you don’t know and don’t know you. Live your life the way you want.. 👍🏽
Thanks for taking one for the team.
Only apologize after it happens lol
Why is this not on ur main channel!
I think everyone has broken one of this rules or multiples... But you doctor doing it yeah is a bit disappointing. At the end of the day you are just human no one is perfect. I forgive you just don't do it again!
Man if u are really apologetic post it on your main YT channel at least! That's the bare minimum u can do! This just looks performative to calm the ppl who are rightfully angry at you 🙄🙄
I'mma be honest though, I'm a frontliner as well. Though I never partied like this during these times, I don't practice social distancing or wear mask when I'm with people/friends I trust.  I don't wanna be a hypocrite and criticize him, when I do stuff like these myself.
Your sincere reflection and apology is enough. Please be kind to yourself and don't punish yourself. Haters will be haters. 💝 Best regards from Portugal. 🇵🇹
This is really disappointing and I truly feel betrayed. You’re the doctor and your actions spoke a heck of a lot louder than your words. These other doctors and experts defending you in the comments as well? I have nothing to say. I expected a whole lot better from the people I’m supposed to trust. This is extremely disappointing.
I don't even know what too say about all of this. But all I know for definite is you were and are in the wrong and that this whole video you were none stop blinking which is a common tell tell sign that someone is lying. X
He has 6,5 million followers on his main channel. He posted the apology on a channel with 50 000 followers. This video won't reach most of the followers because he only wants to address this to the people who are already aware of the scandal. There are two things I don't understand about influencers: 1. They somehow always succeed in worsening their situation by making an awful apology  2. It's been months since the pandemic started and nearly every influencer has been criticized for partying and they still do it.  A shame that Dr.Mike is no different.
No you didn't mess up!spilling coffee on your laptop is messing up! going to a boat party in Miami just told everyone that you're better than they are and that you're a fucking donkey!!!
It's interesting that you hearting comments that are saying that it's okay. I have a few questions I would love to have answered. 1. Would you have ever apologized if you didn't get caught? Or just pretended that it never happened? 2. There are 15 people in the photos, which is more than 10. Why did you lie? 3. You put this on your smaller channel where most people from your 6.49million subscribers wouldn't see it unless they looked it up. If you really wanted to take accountability for your actions, why isn't this on your biggest platform which is your other channel?  I'm grateful you didn't contract covid (I hope the other 14 other people didn't contract or spread covid also) but all this video says to me is that the rules don't apply to you, you get caught out and you address it, you have broken the trust of your subscribers and you don't have the guts to put this on your main channel so people can learn from your mistakes. I'm disappointed to say the least.
This wasnt just one mistake though. Theres was multiple choices made where the wrong decisions where taken.  1: unnecessary travel during a pandemic 2: agreeing to attend a party  3: not leaving when you saw there was more people gathering than guidelines permit 4: disregarding social distancing guidelines   Taking into account your job and the fact you've been outspoken about following guidelines etc. You should have known better and there's no excuse for having not acted better
You should be absolutely ashamed. This is why there’s a second wave coming. You knew better and yet you didn’t care. Absolutely disgusting that you would put many others at risk especially considering you are a doctor. Thank you for not doing your part Mike :)
Tbh if u believed that it was safe and u followed the protocols and testing and rules then it's? fine? It might have been irresponsible but ye the only reason it's a problem that u did this is because of the size that your channel has
At least Mike will have some genuine insight if he does future videos on boob jobs/ lip fillers/ botox...
Mike I'm not mad you went partying, I'm mad you're such a pansy about covid in the first place 😂  Drop the virtue signaling pal
Anyone judging you should judge themselves and see if they’ve followed every still Covid guidelines 100% to the tee. We’re all human, we make mistakes from time to time. As long as you’ve learned from it and admitting it.
"i just wanted to have fun on my birthday, your comments hurt my feelings. :(" mike. people are dying.
Oh Mike, just tell us it's all bullshit and take the L 🤣
Going on a boat party is not a mistake lol. You wanted to do it so you could make this video and get attention. Cringe...
Covid is serious but less serious than the flu. Less serious than a million other things that can kill you. Give him a break...we all have to live a little...not just survive.
post it on your main channel
Stop being a puss and post it on your main channel
Nasty fake apology
Sorry Dr. Mike, I don't buy your excuses. You were on a boat, with a lot of people, none of you wearing masks. You and everybody else looked drunk, too. That was what you did. And if your big unmasked birthday bash hadn't been exposed I don't think you would be apologizing for your behavior. You're a hypocrite. You deceived people into thinking you're vigilant about being safe during this pandemic. Shame on you. You are definitely a hypocrite.
Who gives a shot about what he did. Let him live his life and live yours how you want to.
You just upset you got caught.
This is the dumbest thing ever and I can’t believe that people have let this control their lives.
Dude followed proper procedure and ya'll gonna gaslight the dude. into apologizing for something he didn't do wrong.
Are you sorry, really? Seems like you were sorry you got caught.
I may be hated for this opinion but I just want to share my thoughts.  I'm seeing an entire comment section crucifying him for being a hypocrite and discrediting his apology saying things like. "He's not sorry for doing it he's sorry for getting caught" or "another YouTuber apology" and while trust me I hear and understand these quite well. I'm human I have these same emotions. Dr. Mike is also just that. He is Human and like every other human he makes mistakes. I don't think just because he is a YouTuber or a Doctor should discredit his ability to be a normal human being. And for that reason I don't think it's fair to be calling him a hypocrite because I can almost guarantee that every one of y'all has not followed a guideline at some point over quarantine. Being that he is in the spotlight highlights every mistake he makes and I'm honestly not surprised his apology doesn't live up to your high expectations for online creator apologise. This is a man who for the past year I've watched spread truth and positivity during the pandemic and I don't think he should be mauled for making a mistake in the midst of it. I'd challenge you to be perfect everyday all day and see if it's even possible.  As of writing this comment this video is on the trending tab. I see lots of comments saying he should have put this on his main channel. The thing though is that due to his content being largely virus based I don't think YouTube's algorithm would have let it get where it is now.  I understand the frustration but I believe that everyone deserves forgiveness and that being a content creator shouldn't exempt you from it.
We all make mistakes you’re fine.
COVID-19 fatigue is real for all of us. It’s been a long year, man. Before anything else, you’re human, and just because you have a following doesn’t mean you have to beat yourself up for a calculated decision you made. We’ve all made choices this year that haven’t always been the wisest scientifically because of our social/emotional/mental needs. We just do our best and move on.
To be honest this just all sounds like you apologizing for getting caught and to save face but still making bullshit explanations for that stupid party. People are dying Mike, celebrating on Zoom isn't gonna kill you or your friends. That party can.
Hey dr. mike... idk if ur gonna be able to read this comment but hopefully u will. I subbed to u all the back in March when COVID just started, and I’ve stayed informed using ur advice and content, and I do also watch ur vids for entertainment too. I definitely understand that humans make mistakes and no one is perfect, and I’ll never doubt the fact that u are a compassionate human being and care very deeply about helping others. And I also understand that it’s completely hard to admit when ur wrong and apologize for what u did, i know how it feels to put ur pride aside and apologize for ur wrongdoings. What I’m about to say, may sound cold and harsh, be lemme tell u that this is coming from a place of care and I’m saying this for ur own self interest. Kinda like tough love. So what u did a couple weeks ago really had an impact, which u already know, but u don’t know how much it impacted ur channel, your own credibility, the credibility of SCIENCE, and especially impacted people who really put their lives on hold to remain safe for not just themselves but for the safety of their compromised family members and friends.   Now ur a smart guy and very intelligent and specialize in the field of healthcare, but the mistake is bigger that u think it is, this isn’t just some random mistake u did back in ur teens, this is a mistake u did NOW, as a doctor and influencer. Some people that used to look up to u will forever doubt ur scientific credibility, and might even endanger the lives of others. People will be like, “oh well if dr mike did it than why not I do it too? After all he is a doctor right? He must know that what he is talking about and what he is doing”. We already have enough world leaders discrediting scientists, but for u to come along and do the exact thing that u advised us against?  Listen, I understand that u can say that this was a personal choice and risk that u took, and u never directly affected anyone physically, but like that’s the same argument for a parent being the role model of their child. A parent might take a personal choice of... lets say lying about being late to work, But children are very impressionable, anything u say and do will be interpreted by the child as normal and ok. So that child will go on and lie about many other things thinking it’s normal and nothing wrong. Now, people might say that the typical Dr. Mike subscriber, isn’t a child, but some of them may not be educated or may be on the fence of taking COVID seriously, or some other reason, and they see u hanging out with probably 20+ people on a boat without a make in close proximity, and do the same exact thing without taking the necessary steps u took behind the scenes when ur friends booked the boat.    Don’t forget that this impacts people like me, who listened to all the scientists out there and did their part in staying at home and put their lives on hold so that they can protect people lives and the lives of family and friends who are compromised to COVID. Ur mistake felt like a giant middle finger and slap to the face to people like us, even tho u never intended it to be that way and never wanted to make us feel that way. I already see enough of other friends hangout having the time of their lives during COVID.  That already hurts when people like us, are forced to lock ourselves up so that they don’t end up infecting the people they love. I had to sacrifice my social life, so that I can protect the people I love. But then for u to come along and have a party on a boat, on ur birthday, and having fun with all of friends, while I’m here feeling left out and missing out on my social life, just felt like a big fucking slap to the face man. I also had to miss out on my birthday, To miss out on having a time of my life, I had to sacrifice that too.   You are a doctor, you also have a personal responsibility to ur patients by playing a great role model. You are an influencer, u have a personal responsibility to ur audience to play a great role model. Now some may say that that’s too much pressure for a person to handle, which is true, but that’s literally the same exact job of parent, but instead of being a role model 24/7 like a parent, being an influencer is being a role model to ur audience when on camera or when meeting fans only. You chose to be famous, so ur held up on a higher pedestal since ur an influencer and a doctor too.   I don’t mean to hate on u dr mike, everyone makes mistakes, but what I’m trying to say is that u need to be aware that YOUR mistakes have more of an impact than u might think it is, it’s will reach everyone and impact on everyone that follows ur platform. You definitely made the right step in admitting to ur mistakes, it takes a lot of courage and guts to do so on such a large platform, but what u need to do is admit ur mistake to ur WHOLE platform, not on just ur side channel. Not many will see this and in fact I just recently discovered ur secondary channel. I know it’s hard to admit to ur mistakes, but giving ur apology on just or secondary, small channel? How do u think that that looks to other people? It just makes ur apology less sincere. Yes, I’m aware that u posted this on ur community tab on ur main yt channel, but not everyone checks that or gets the notification of ur community message. Please just upload this to ur main channel.   Dr mike, what I said wasn’t to hate on u, but to bring u to the reality of ur situation. This isn’t hate on u, just to critique u and give some tough love. I just wanted to let u know the impacts of ur decisions. I already know that u declined some partnerships that may be unethical, even when u knew that u could’ve gotten lots of money, which is awesome. But I just wanted to show u the effects of ur choices thats all. I understand I really sucks to be at home and that it staying at home really makes someone depressed, but cmon a party on a boat with like 20+ people? How  were u expecting people to react?
It’s funny how all of you guys are forgiving him. When other celebrities are partying and doing the exact same thing he’s did you guys cancel them even when they apologize saying it’s a mistake. He’s a doctor he knows better. Practice what you preach. This just shows me you’re a hypocrite.
The "dr's" approving of this message is the reason why America is still suffering from lockdowns....get your acts together and lead by example.
Whether or not you checked the CDC website, you should’ve known that any risk is too much risk. Not to mention you’d already traveled to another hotspot. While I appreciate the transparency, it really doesn’t do much. Now if you tell people to stay inside and don’t see loved ones, you’re going to look like a huge hypocrite. Love you and your work Dr Mike but this was a big fail.
What's disappointing is the like to dislike ratio. Kinda surprised so many people support him still.
We either live or don't live, but don't die. Precautions are very important and living life is also important. Stay safe everybody 💕
This is hilarious
All these medical professionals in the comments saying that it’s okay we all make mistakes. Stop with the BS. I’m sure you all can say it’s okay to over the 200k people that died and their families right? Dr mike didn’t learn about the virus yesterday....... I’m pretty sure a licensed medical professional should know the risks... and that move he pulled was a hypocritical one. Tell people to wear masks and stay home while he does differently?  Doesn’t he have patients.... isn’t this putting them at risk?
A lot of you who are still pressing this man are also hypocrites. He apologized, and he posted it for the world to see regardless of which channel it was on. Stop kicking the man when he's down, and get over it. I'm sure a lot of you don't pay mind to the regulation rules either aka why the United States is still in the heavy shits with this fucking virus.
Can't stand people who don't practice what they preach. Not buying this apology.
Bro you followed no protocol at all😂 Don’t sit here and act like you got caught on a boat with 5 people when you were all wearing masks. You got caught with 15 people huddled together when nobody was wearing a mask. Let alone you said the trip down there was to see your dad. Im not gonna sit up here and try to cancel anyone bc quite frankly, I really don’t care what you do. But don’t sit here and act like you are apologizing because you feel bad when you clearly are just doing it to save face.
Can we just throw out these privileged youtubers out and bring Jenna Marbles back?
Eh you don’t need to apologize to anyone
I hope this teaches people that even if someone is  a doctor  outside of making YouTube videos it does not mean their gonna be any better than a Tana Mongue, we gotta lower our expectations for influencers.
Put this on your main channel if you are actually sorry dr. deception
HYPOCRIT
4 minutes and 45 seconds of blah blah blah excuses & arrogant self-defense. I can see that your main job is an internet celebrity, not a medical profesional.
Surfice to say that the only comments he has liked are the ones that support him. You would assume he would like them equally no matter the comment. Science before opinion when it comes to medicine, surely.
Doctors are hypocrites and do not practice what they preach. Shame on you.
Didnt you say in your patreon that you were going out of town to celebrate your birthday? So there is no way the whole thing wasnt planned. And seeing the viral pic (the one with the whole group) how can one look at that pic and then say “this looks like it follows cdc guidelines”. You started off the video with excuses instead of apology. You lied about being on a boat in accordance to cdc guidelines when there were 15+ more people there. Youre saying that it was a mistake, a lapse of judgement, when you FLEW to another state to celebrate your birthday (on the boat or not), which means that it was your CHOICE and it was planned. And its not like its the early stage of pandemic, less information or guidelines. You are a GROWN adult, you MADE choices, and people found out. And its so much worse to think about when you are a DOCTOR and had been preaching & gaining profits about covid for months. You are not sorry for what you did, you are sorry you got caught. You did not even address what you did in the first place. The only lesson you got here is to make sure everyone signed an NDA before breaking covid protocols next time. You can actually save yourself a lil bit of dignity if you just say “yes, i was bored, i went to miami for a birthday bash, my friends surprised me with a private boat to party with OF models, i had the choice to say no, but i flew in to have fun so i said yes, i came back and pretended like nothing happened, ignored the posts to let it die down and posted on discord about how happy i was and that i let my guards down and am hypocritical and disgusting, so Im sorry”. Seriously, and posting on a smaller side channel???? There are so many layers to this, i retract my earlier statement, you are an influencer, a frat boy with entitlement as big as the country US before youre a doctor or a decent human being. From what we know, you shouldve been flying to Miami in the first place. And this is not cancel culture, because it does not exist. Especially when youre a white guy with a gym membership
*_Dr.Fauci has left the groupchat_*
I literally have not left my home since march (on my boyfriends birthday) literally 1 week before covid hit my city. My mother (who works for the health dept in my city she calls those who have been hit by covid to check their symptoms to report them to the city health dept) is the only person who ever leaves the house to work and get groceries (by curbside pickup) for not only our household but for my sisters as well. My sister and i have strictly only taken online course for college. Her husband and my dad work in a paint and body shop (owned by my dad) lnc and we hardly have any customers anymore. I haven't even seen my own boyfriend since his birthday because his job is an hour away from home PLUS his family has him go pick up groceries and such. And al of us do our very best to keep ourselves and our home sanitized. From removing our clothes in the garage and heading straight to the shower, to washing all of our veggies and fruit as soon as they are brought from the store, and disinfecting any outside packaging, constantly wearing masks and gloves (no i dontncare how weird it looks or seems to others if we wear gloves in public) having customers wait in their cars in order for them to recieve a recipt for their car payment. We literally have done everything we can to keep ourselves safe. And to just see someone in this profession press the seriousness of this virus to just turn and go back against whant he had pressed on us for so long is just utterly disappointing. Even if it were for just one day.
NEXT, GIRL BYE
Should this be on his main channel? Yes. Should he also receive a form of respect for owning up to his mistakes? Yes, definately. It doesn't matter if he does this for personal gain and trying to mitigate his financial loss in this. He is still owning up to his mistakes, and there are a lot of people who can learn from that.
Typical liberal- “the rules are for thee and not for me”
Right wing news outlets and conspiracy theory groups have already begun using your Miami vacation as an explanation as to why COVID is a “hoax.” Thanks. Thanks a lot Dr. Mike.
What a hypocrite. Now that he gets caught he tries to save face? I've said it before and I'll say it again this man is one of those: "Do what I say, not what I do" types. I still remember when he harped on social gatherings then in the next breath said that the political protests where tens of thousands were gathering without masks was A-ok.
I don't think you're wrong. You did everything right
can someone tell me what he is referring to here?
Good luck “bee-yooping” out of this one. As a fellow physician this not only disappointing but downright dangerous. How are people going to listen to social distancing and mask wearing when you do something like this? Gov Newsom enjoying French Laundry with 12 guests (including 2 health execs), Pelosi maskless at hair salon, Chris Christie enjoying the beach soon after locking them down. As professionals we must always lead by example. You are making the work of already overwhelmed physicians and nurses harder by your hypocritical actions.
If he would have practiced what he preached, then he wouldn’t have to worry about what channel to put his apology on. This is what is wrong with the “mask” problem. People of “power” and “influence” get in front of the people and tell them what you have to do to save lives and pass mandates and closures because people won’t wear a mask. Then these same people who have told us we are literally killing people by not wearing a mask are out partying on a boat, getting their hair done, flying all over, checking out their homes in the Hamptons. This is what is wrong with everything that is going on. Yes there is a virus, yes it’s killed people, but don’t be self righteous when you are the biggest criminal of all.
If medical professionals don't take a supposed deadly pandemic virus seriously how can they expect anyone else to?
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Amen. Repent and turn from sin! Follow God's sacred 10 Commandments! Time is running out!
hmm why is he posting this on a 58k subs channel and not on his 6mil subs main?
Why not post this video on your main channel, not this little 2nd channel with only a fraction of the subscribers?  Cuz you know most of them never heard about your partying, and don't want to tip them off with this phony "apology" video.
Someone sorry they got caught rather than being genuinely sorry.
yikes
What is with the verified accounts supporting this as if they’ve known Dr.Mike for ten years or smt? I don’t think I speak for myself when I say that everyone has a birthdate. This year in particular felt so different for me and I don’t think I even realize I’ve aged by one year. Even then, I choose to stay at home, and wear my masque at all time, heck even during P.E. But somehow, a doctor can’t do just that. This is reckless and disrespectful to your patients. Now, please post this on your main account bc no one should actually have to search you up before finding your apology video.
Pathetic!
More like Admitting when I'm wrong only cause I got caught
I do believe this apology is genuine, but this has definitely broken trust between viewers, and potentially even patients of his.  He went against everything he has been pushing since the beginning of the pandemic, it just makes it harder for me to believe what he says and take his advice moving forward. I don’t mean this as hate in anyway either.
Ngl, I'm just disappointed. When he came onto the scene as a 'medical influencer' I thought this was a deviation from the typical entitled influencer personality. However, this situation shows that may not be the case. Not only have you uploaded this to your second channel but you keep talking about guidelines and following local rules. Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should, right? Those capacity rules are there so everyone can social distance properly. 'No masks required' doesn't mean you shouldn't wear them. The picture shows you all crowded around each other... If this was uploaded to your main channel then that would have been a little more transparent. I understand people are ashamed of the mistakes they make but if you genuinely want to get the point you make at the end of the video across, wouldn't a larger audience have been better. If you're telling people 'despite what I did, masks are effective' wouldn't more people benefit from hearing that?
First Class Hypocrite.
2:25 yOu eXeRciSe iN a gYm dURiNg tHiS pAnDeMic? That's even WORSE.
So many hypocritical actions like this. Politicians, celebrities, & youtubers telling people they can't do certain things while also doing them. Bullshit.
Screams insincerity. Won’t be the last apology video he’ll make. Clearly feels entitled otherwise it wouldn’t have happened. It’s easy to issue an apology AFTER you’ve done whatever TF you want, selfishly putting other people’s lives in danger. Oh but you’re sorry, so that fixes everything! What a joke.
Ain't gonna lie, posting this on your new channel just makes it seem like a great way to get exposure and grow it. I know you're apologizing and I fell that you're sincere. I'm a 3rd year medical student and I'm very aware of the stressors in the clinic/hospital and socializing responsibly. But why post it here?
I hope that I am just one of MANY who unsubscribe from your channel (was never subscribed to this one, didn't even know it existed until I saw the post by DefNoodles about it, but I'm heading straight to your main to unsub). You don't deserve a platform if you preach one thing and then turn around and do the opposite. This wasn't a small mistake. This wasn't oops I didn't wear my mask to the store. This was I took a flight to Miami, I went on a boat that was over maximum capacity allowed, I didn't wear a mask and made an excuse that the CDC says not to wear one during water activities (hint: partying on a boat doesn't count as getting into the water and getting wet), I didn't social distance, I had a party because I was too weak-willed to tell my friends no (yet expects everyone else to). There was decision after decision after decision that you ACTIVELY made that led to this. What is the point of promoting safety if you turn around and don't follow it yourself. You are sorry you got caught, not sorry that you did it. A doctor of all people should not be making such massive errors in judgement.
Why isn’t this on your main channel? It’s a tough year to be a hypocrite.
Way to help the anti-maskers, and covid deniers Dr. Mike!! It's a good thing you're attractive and popular so all these people will forgive you! And, I bet you could even do it again and get away with it! All the while claiming everyone else should listen to guidlines!!! Yay! Hope it was a super good time an you got close with all those pretty ladies!! 😍😍😍💅💅🎉🎉🎉👌👌👌👌🍆💦🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮🤧🤧🤧
As much as I like you Doctor Mike, that just hit too close to home. I feel bad that people are attacking you, because you are a great person, but I too feel quite conflicted about this. You can’t emphasize how serious a situation is, how serious a virus is, telling us to do this, that, follow every guideline that we can find, not just as responsible adults but as your followers, then have a party while we stay at home and can’t even see our loved ones sometimes. Too close to home. Disappointed.
The definition of "Do as I say not as I do".
To everyone bashing and casting stones at doctor Mike. Shut up! Everyone is human and makes mistakes. Like I’m sure all of you have! He is making an apology, I didn’t here anything in it that was “oh I did it and I’d do it again” no he made the mistake and is realizing it and apologizing. He can’t actually do anything about it now other than learn from his mistakes and try not to do them again.
This is so disappointing it’s funny. You are a doctor.
But why not on your main channel????
I love you and your videos Dr Mike, but please put this up on the main channel and show the integrity that I’ve gotten to know you for.
I think it's very brave of him to post this. He may be a doctor but he isn't perfect. He's a human. Humans make mistakes. The main thing is, he understands what he did wrong and is working on it. There are so many people out there who don't care about if they're putting people in danger and they aren't sorry about it.
quack doctor: _muh science!_  neglects to also mention cdc evidence of 99.97% survival rates and numerous studies that all conclude that masks do NOTHING to stop the spread of a virus. rest assured that he *knows* about these facts! he *knows* that this is a widespread hysteria regarding an overwhelmingly harmless flu. he's a typical shill who plays politics rather than legitimately trying to educate the public or save lives. i feel sorry for his patients.
Why did youtube recommend me this? I don't care about this dude's ingenuine apology
'Admitting When I'm Wrong.' even title is self-complementing, :DDDDDD
yikes dude
You are an image for others, you have mistaked, say sorry on main channel to all...
Seems like his new teaching method is do as I say not as I do
Hypocrisy at its finest...
What happened?
Lmao just like Nancy Pelosi do as I say not as I do
I would respect this except it’s on your second channel. You don’t want to expose yourself to all of your followers. Practice what you preach. Be a good example. Do better
I don't know who this guy is and why is he apologizing to me , it's ok bro I forgive you 😂
It pisses me off so badly that I haven't touched ANYONE in the last 8 months and people like you are just partying, hugging and traveling like nothing is happening. Thanks to people like you, this pandemic is lasting even longer!!! You can't go around and touch, hug and kiss people and party and hop on a plane. It's incredibly, incredibly insensitive and painful.
This is so embarrassing for you 💀💀
Why is this not on your main channel?  That is irresponsible and is making you look even more disingenuous.  It is actually quite disgusting.
Big whoop you lived your life. People need to get over themselves and let everyone else take their own calculated risk. Stop getting insulted by other peoples lives...
Literally 99% won't care but god bless you and be safe during these times I'm struggling to get to 2k 😔 I will also be doing a giveaway at 1k sub's for y'all supporting me if you can 🧡
Not a big deal people are over sensitive
What did he do
Thought u were different doc
i’m not fully aware of what’s going on, i feel that no matter the issue it should be easily forgiven. Dr. Mike does a tone of good for the world he might’ve blindly did something which everyone does. He could decided to not post it on his main channel was probably because his main channel is for education purposes and not for apologizing.
This should feature on pewdiepie's best apologies lol
After checking the guidelines and finding you would be compliant by going out on the boat, what did you do wrong?  Why are you apologizing?  You accessed the risks 🤷🏻‍♀️
😂caught now he sorry on his 2nd channel
Wow, i just about lost all respect for you finding this out, but then to see that you dont have the guts to post this on your main channel really did it for me. You have turned yourself in to a joke.
its what you deserve for slandering gaga, paybacks paybacks
My birthday was four days after yours. You know what I did (even though I saved up money for the past two years to take a vacation and had taken a week off work at the begining of the year when we hoped this would be over)  I sat at home drank a beer and watched a doctor Mike video on covid-19 and played video games but hey them bikini babes aren't going to adjust their own necks. This isn't an apology because you see the wrong in your actions and are admitting to them. This is an opps I got caught apology like every other YouTuber does. Untill you can post this on your main channel and come out on a talk show or a news program saying due to my hypocrisy I apologise and am making efforts to not only use my situation as a what not to do, use it as a learning process for myself because I truly messed up. Your upset that you got called out not because your a hypocrite. And your right the risk is a spectrum. And with you being a doctor who works the covid units your higher in the spectrum then an office worker sitting at home on a computer for the past 9 months who chose not to celebrate their birthday with friends because they care more about not accidently killing someone than oh boy am I having fun on this boat with 4 babes to one guy ratio.
Fear peddling is pretty low bro
Hope you aren’t planning on seeing patients...... so irresponsible and reckless! You are a grown man with a medical degree 🤨 you knew better that’s it🙄! I don’t put anyone else at risk 😳do you see patients 🤨?
Y ese pasmado no calla
You are  being condescending, you just learned from your mistake, are you 3 years old?  You a dr and you don't know no better?  You probably paid those girls to be there because why else would they hang out with you?  Nerd.
Just another Jake Paul cleaning his mess, and the reason he didn’t post on his channel so he doesn’t loose members who didn’t knew about his maskless parties. I unsubscribed to him long time ago always knew he is just another click baiter. 🤮
I'm really disappointed in Dr. Mike
I commend you for your transparency and accountability. You still rock Dr. Mike and I'm glad you learned something. I accept your apology 😊
Don’t be shy... post this on your main channel, bud
Wondering why this isn’t on your main channel 🤔
Why isn’t this on your ig? Hiding huh
Transparent and honest.   🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣    Ah, I needed a good laugh today
Completely narcissistic, and fake apology just to trick us into trusting him again
Everyone, even doctors, make mistakes
I'm not even offended. He's apologizing. That's more than the Kardashians have done yet they always get a pass.
Why isn't this posted on your larger channel?  P.S. This wasn't a mistake. It was a selfish, narcissistic decision.
Partying with all this covid extra pay they’re receiving! Like the cancer banquets they have will public money.  Which they use to “ find a cure”  God exposes everyone on his time
dude relax,  this is part of living, making mistakes, life is  not perfect
Why isn’t this on your main channel?
Next on cancel culture: dr. Mike
Everyone has to determine what the risk to themselves and those around them is and act accordingly. However having that freedom taken away with total shut downs  under the guise of safety is wrong. I only hear " Mia culpas" only after the person is caught. As a doctor you should know better. Lock downs are detrimental to your physical and mental health.
The thing is... You weighed the risks and still made the decision to get on the boat. So, you knew what you were doing. I believe you're sorry now that you're facing backlash for your decision. But, if you gave your choice the thoughtful consideration you're suggesting you did - it makes your decision that much more awful and hypocritical. Ignorance is one thing. Wilful ignorance is another.
By emphasizing his lament for the (morally unspecified) "impact" his "messing up" had on the more important broader message of the threat posed to society of by Covid, he is able to diminish in my mind the relative importance of his mistake, while at the same time reinforcing the elevated social status I enjoy imagining him to occupy.  Thank you Dr Whateveryournameis, thank you for allowing me to remain comfortably uncritical.
We are all under a large amount of stress and we all make mistakes. If you have truly been perfect 💯 percent during this pandemic that’s amazing. Most of us strive to be. But in the real world we all have weak moments. We all need to do better not just Dr Mike.
Soooo, you are telling me that a doctor that is also an influencer went on a trip to Miami with friends and that I can’t even go say hello to my grandparents for Christmas? Smells like privilege
so sorry you are having such a hard year, it’s so sad non of us can relate. I think all you have proved is that you make information videos about covid for the views because you don’t follow your own advice. You’re irresponsible and you have zero excuses, I didn’t even see that you were in the actual water. You wore a cap that seemed to be dry. Did you think ok glasses check, cap check, bathing suit check. Mask.... naaa no thanks that wouldn’t make sense. So you can prepare to protect your head, and eyes, and body but not your mouth and nose holes? Unsubscribing from your actual channel.
Can someone summarize why he said he’s wrong ?
The fact that I only found this because I looked it up and words related to this incident were blocked on his main social media comes across as disingenuous on his part.
Boy you only sorry you got caught
No Doctor Mike. This isn't a sincere apology whatsoever. He is in the medical field he should know better. We are in a pandemic, it is so dangerous to be doing what he did. It not the worst thing in the world but, just wow doctor mike. Wow.
l o l. it’s hilarious people are upset over this. we’re all hypocrites, get over it.
Disgrace
U gotta apologize for doing the right thing nowadays gotta love 2020
i feel like this is only on a smaller channel of his because he didnt wanted to hide it or something 🤔🤔
dr mike,  you went to miami. you were surprised by your friends with a very fancy, very nice boat (because rich).   everyone elses lives have been SUCKING because we all get offers. however, we have all had to make the choice and say no. some of us have not been able to see dying relatives, newborns, or our closest friends at hard times. you decided that YOU had the AUDACITY to accept the offer. i know you do not want to look at it this way, but it was a conscious decision that you made.  i really appreciate you making an effort to apologize, and i understand why you are sorry. not only that you got caught, but also that you understand that you made a bad decision in the first place. i truly respect you and i think that you could learn from this. i really hope that you will continue to live in an honest manner, and i hope that if this happens again, we'll here YOU admitting the mistake before someone else exposes it untouched. I appreciate everything you do dr mike.
Hahaha Liberalism is a mental disease. Democrats are just pathetic. How many have gotten caught doing what they tell the rest of us not to do.
Most amazing thing you’re dead by confirming your mistakes logically and psychologically we all to blame we were a mask we don’t wear a mask ever going to health care too and I got Covid why are you took all precautions they told me to do so I’m still healthy and still going to go to her next week so be prepared for other things forget about your mistake you’re a grown man you are a very loyal human being and not a People still care about you and like to see you grow more stronger human being you have very beautiful heart and soul
Sorry Doc, but when doctors and politicians who told us to stay home go out and do what they want like usual without masks, my belief in how “dangerous” this is, falls dramatically. I only wear a mask now because I care about others. But I’m not going to quarantine inside when you all are out acting like it’s not happening. Practice what you preach. The science is real, but your behavior and actions are too.
I think that there was no need to do a video about it ... you are a person too and you are clearly a doctor and you surely know what you are doing... no one has the right to criticise you for living your life ....
this really disappointed me :( I understand your apology but I hate how this can be used by people now to show that the pandemic isn't serious because even doctors aren't following guidelines. I'm sure this is probably also weighing on you in the same way but idk, it just disappoints me.
It's okay, you are an influencer, you are above the law oh great one :)
Feels very disingenuous... no thanks.
Maybe next time you should not allow your friends to bring their cameras
Ugh this is hard because it wouldn’t have been an issue if you didn’t have such a large following. You did your research and decided that the risk was small enough for you to feel comfortable getting on that boat and I don’t see anything wrong with that. But I understand the impact that it can have on people who have doubts about the pandemic and wearing masks. I hope you’re not being hard on yourself for this, you’ve done a really good job of keeping us informed this year.
Mike, you really did let me down.  This was such a huge shock for me to hear about. We know you're human, and a young, handsome one at that so the temptation to go live that life must be very very strong, but so many of us looked to you for not only the facts, but also almost a moral compass for navigating this new reality, and this was just shocking. I am so disappointed by this all and it has really affected my trust in you. I'm not unsubscribing because I do know people make mistakes and can grow, but this really was just SUCH a mistake. It took so many decisions to get you to the party, so many deliberate choices to do the wrong thing that it is hard to excuse this as an oopsie. If you were, say, running in the park maskless and suddenly got swarmed by fans who took your photo or something, then ok. That's an oopsie, totally unplanned and accidental. This... this was deliberate. I'm sticking around, but it just won't be the same. I think you're going to need to do a lot more than this to regain your image of integrity and reliability. The very fact that you put this here on your clips channel doesn't help the situation at all either. I would have expected 'my' Doctor Mike to be honest and up front, and to address our concerns head on, but this video's placement is like when a kid is told to say sorry and he whispers or mumbles it instead of saying it so it can be heard. It makes you seem even more shameful. I don't know who's advising you, but I'm afraid they didn't get this right. It winds up just another choice that dents your credibility and scuffs your shine, further harming your 'brand'.    Make it right, Doctor Mike. I'm still here and I hope to see better from you cause darnit I do still like you and I expect more from you.  Signed, Not your mom, but might as well be for that big lecture.
Idk about everyone else but I forgive u
Post this on your main channel 🤮
Would it be fair to say a lot of us, including those working covid units, have made these mistakes. Life is learning and accepting where we need to grow. Much love.
I get it. You never meant for people to see you going against your own recommendations regarding “public health”.  Ahhh, never undermine the power of people’s stupidity.
The fact that you even had to make this is ridiculous.
Seems a lot like Newsom’s “apology” after he was caught at a restaurant inside without masks and in a huge group shoulder to shoulder.
You’re my hero i’m a medical student and i want to be just like you and help people you’re a legend 💪🏻
I’m just letting you know you are amazing you made a mistake and the mistakes make you stronger and grow up more nothing that you’re not smart you’re smart logically think positive people will give you positivity again I respect you the Please forgive yourself and forgive others that God wants us to do this pandemic you’re not alone we all struggle one thanks wanted to celebrate your birthday so what you are still intelligent and good guy
He’s only sorry he got caught. Lol
Practice what you preach... a concept you have no familiarity with.
Foh man. You’re literally a doctor. Post this on ur main bro.
I like how he's being transparent. Most YouTubers make these terrible apolgoy videos, he is just say what he did wrong, how he can fix it, and he is walking forward. Of course this should be on his main channel but his apology sincere and he's learning from his mistakes and that's what matters
Oh god, the virtue signaling and fake apologies are just painful lol
Truly disappointed by you Dr. Mike. I was loving your tik toks and was ready to subscribe but you’ve shown me your true colors. My birthday is coming up, however, I will be spending it safe and in quarantine alone in my apartment. I will be turning 23, you are a 31 year old man with a medical degree. Explain that logic to me—how someone younger without any medical experience knows far better.
Zero accountability all deflection, how disappointing.
O. M. G. What pathetic bs
So you somehow MiStAkEnLy:  1) Not wear a mask 2) Not social distance whatsoever  3) Travel long distances  4) Have a group gathering etc.  Umm... I'm sorry but how is it possible to suddenly forget that there was a damned global pandemic going on with people dying and unable to afford healthcare and spread of the virus? You are a HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL. Aren't you supposed to be leading by example and following what you yourself have preached for months? People have stuck to the guidelines and have missed out on important events such as funerals because they are following the guidelines, but a birthday party is ok? You are a typical influencer. That's it. You did not stick to any of the guidelines that you have preached and hammered people on.   You made a deliberate, informed, concious decision. Not a mistake. You knew better, and are supposed to act like that. It speaks volumes that your hypocritical apology isn't even posted on your main channel. You aren't apologising for your actions and the possible consequences, you are apologising for getting caught.   Shame on you.
Just proves he's an "influencer" above being a doctor. He should retire in my opinion, he's on here preaching and virtue signaling for MONTHS but when Covid is at an all-time high he's out grinding against multiple people on a million-dollar boat. Everyone boycott this ingenuine farce.
Especially here in America demanding people isolate themselves for extremely long periods is dangerous to mental health and the reason I say here in America is because our health costs are ridiculous, but our mental health costs are obscene. Dr. Mike did research and took precautions I will not attack him for taking the mental health break. Now if he went to a 50 or more people packed party then that would be different. My great uncle died last night from complications from his covid and he took every precaution such as staying home, no visitors, virtual church, he only went to the store so his wife was home safe, he wore the mask, he sanitized himself and he still died.
I appreciate you addressing the situation. Yes, what you did was not ideal but you shouldn't receive abuse for it. I am a medical student and I have messed up plenty of times during this pandemic. Good luck with everything and continue to spread true information and kindness.
Big yikes
He’s not sorry because he regrets it, he’s sorry because he got caught... if no found out, he would be happy clappy, picking up his 5 figure pay check at the end of the month...
Only sorry because he got caught. What a bell end!
Yikes just a big yikes
Although I do agree that people make mistakes, I think this is too 'big' of a 'mistake' to make. I don't understand how he can be so irresponsible especially since he has been an advocate for wearing masks for so long. For many months now, we have all had to adhere to certain guidelines when out and about. My birthday was in early November and although I wanted to celebrate, I didn't. Instead I thought about myself and my loved ones and I made a decision to observe it quietly at home. Why would someone who is in the MEDICAL profession, dealing with the virus at the Frontline, make a decision to celebrate an occasion amongst so many people, in close proximity and without masks?! I guess enjoyment trumps common sense these days.
This is SO disappointing.
Omg.....you wanted to be transparent you would have told us how you messed up prior to not after you “got caught” with the videos running on commentary channels and the main reason this was not transparent bc it’s not on ur main channel. So very disappointed. Is ur apology video on ur channel with 60k subs instead of your channel with millions bc that might effect ur sponsorships??
Masks don't work. Peace ✌️😊
I didn't know about this. Searching for pics now.
My grandma passed away last month and I couldn't attend her funeral. Hope you had fun on your fucking boat.
What did he do ?
Like so many other people that have said it, this needs to be on your main channel. Not everyone, myself included, knows this channel exists and we had to search in order to find this.
Nice job on the half assed apology Mike. Even better that you're liking comments from all the "bigger names" forgiving you because clearly those are the only ones that matter to you. I'm disappointed in them but just angry at you being so irresponsible. You're just sorry you got caught.
Pretty sure the boat capacity goes up when it's docked. I do think he made a mistake and he rushed the apology. I think if he'd taken the time to sit with the mistake for a bit, he'd have done better and even posted it to the main channel. That said, I am quite disappointed. Shame on you Dr Mike
Weak apology and if I’m being totally petty, you’re boring attractive. I know ten white guys that look like you. I don’t get your internet fame.
I’m glad you are admitting what you did is wrong. But why is this not on your main channel? I only found this because of channels that have talked about this, I looked it up to see when I heard you had an apology. It’s not on your main channel and many people who follow you on YT only won’t see this! I want to accept your apology but with it not on your main channel it doesn’t feel real, only that you feel bad you got caught. I know that may not be the case but if it’s not on the main channel for all 6.4 million or so to see how are we supposed to forgive you? But what I’ve also noticed is how you lean away from the subject, talking about struggle. You talk about how this ruined the COVID message you share. But the question is if you weren’t a doctor would you feel bad about what you did? Would you? Also how am I supposed to ever trust you again? You’ve taken my trust and used it, you’ve broken it and I can’t say I forgive you or if you can ever have my trust again.
Such a fake apology. shame on you.
He can’t promise he won’t make another mistake again . . . yes because I always accidentally plan an out-of-state birthday party for myself and friends and a bunch of people I don’t know. Happens all the time. 🙄
I still don’t think you’re being honest....
Wtf even happened?
If you really cared about fans and people suffering from COVID, you should have posted this on you’re main channel. To all of the 6 million people who loved and respected you. You are just trying to save you’re career at this point, not people.
Dislike put it on your main channel, looks very insincere
i honestly just came here for tea from the trending tab but bro seriously? you’re a medical professional, act like it
People forget doctors are human, his not just a doctor. No one can always be good all the time that's not even possible or realistic.
The biggest issue we have is that YOU preached to us about staying inside and following social distancing guidelines. You’ve been one of the only influencers on YouTube that gave us positive and helpful instructions during the start of COVID-19.   But the fact that you aren’t practicing what you’re preaching is hypocritical af. We wouldn’t blink an eye if a out of touch rich celebrity did it because they aren’t going to be hypocrites about it. They never preached about social distancing and warning everyone to do so, then go around and do the opposite.
I love you Dr. Mike, but like most of the other commenters -  I think that this should have been on your main channel.
He says he’s accepting of the negative comments people are leaving but he’s only liked comments from his fellow celeb-doctors saying what he did wasn’t too bad 🙄
Thank you for the apology, Dr Mike, but this is still very disappointing. You KNEW better. You aren't a teenager making a stupid mistake, you're a full grown, well educated adult, working in the medical field and you KNEW better and were still reckless anyway. All this talk of you saying you wear masks to work and the gym... but not around all the people on the boat? You amd other medical providers are the ones who should be acting as prime examples of how we should be navigating this pandemic. Partying, whether by surprise friend visit or not, led to you being a bad influence. You should have realized before, but it's good to hear anyway that you acknowledge your actions have consequences, especially with you being a public figure. May you do better and conduct yourself more professionally in this regard from now on.
We're all human and make mistakes and have lapses in judgment, these are trying times amd expecting anyone to be perfect is unrealistic and disingenuous
can someone convince me why he shouldn’t loose his medical license?
“I take it very very seriously” says the guy who flew halfway across the country to have a pool party birthday because of hot women . . .
Yeah, no, not accepting this apology man. The amount of influential people who have gone directly against their own advice and then say that they're sorry and "just human" is frankly appalling. Comes across as very elitist.
So ... you are opposed to arbitrary lockdowns. Or no ... character matters so you need to retcon your actions for your fans. Uhh, wait ... you live alone so you don't need a mask and your patients are totally cool with that because you would never knowingly put them at risk. Got it champ 👍
thanks for super spreading this COVID virus.
he is the doctor who party during this pandemic
If you are going to fake apologize, at least do a better job ...
Who cares if he partied for his birthday ? We all have the right over our own body and decisions.  If you are scared of the pandemic then stay inside your house. Is no one else’s problem that you fear the pandemic   Am a healthcare worker and work with Covid patients, MOST  of the ones in ICU are morbidly obese, old, or other severe conditions. They were not super healthy people that were expected to live more than five years from now anyways.   The young and healthy shouldn’t need to put their life on hold for the ones that are at high risk, if you are at high risk and don’t want to get Covid stay the F home, no one else’s problem.  This “apology” is not necessary. Is about time people quit apologizing for doing what they want so the sensitive folks can cope.
He is getting a boat as a birthday present...? Ok.  I´m not a doctor but i can tell you that you shouldn´t party on a boat during a pandemic. That´s just common sense.
Nah Mike you didn’t mess up, you  royally FUCKED up as a person and more importantly as a Medical professional. The standard influencer apology won’t suffice. ✌🏽 homie you get no sympathy from the community of people who have done their part in following social distancing and stay at home protocols
everyday there's healhcare workers on the news crying their eyes out about the sheer amounts of deaths they witness everyday and begging people to stay at home and you were partying maskless in Miami. ur only sorry that you were caught and you have no right to be a medical professional
Seems like the covid videos has just been a side hustle for him then lol. He’s been making videos all year about it just to not practice what he preaches. People have missed weddings, graduations, birthdays, funerals, and even dying loved ones in hospitals. When you dedicate as much as you did towards a topic you can’t go against it. That’s why those lifestyle vegans aren’t sitting around eating meat. Shameful and embarrassing..
Hypocrite.
Ugh! Fake!!! Fake!!! Gross! Sorry you got caught is more the truth... ✌️ bye!
Did Dr. Mike give someone covid or something?
🤡
Covid is not serious. If you are an idiot if you believe otherwise.
Dude COVID ain’t real dc
Okay but AT LEAST don’t lie about the # of people on the boat. We can count. It’s insulting
I hope everyone on this comment thread that’s ruining this guys career over something silly like this gets covid.
If you were being honest this would be on your main channel I'm very disappointed seeing someone I admired do something so horrible and give this basic "I'm a human I made a mistake" youtube apology .... sorry not good enough, you are a doctor you should have known better the risks of covid 19
Why the hell isnt this on your main channel? I had to search for this to find it. This channel doesn't even have 100k subscribers and you didn't upload it on your channel that has 6M+? That kind of completely undermines the apology and seems extremely cowardly Dr.  So.."admitting when I'm wrong" but only on a side channel that doesn't even have 100k subscribers so 90% of my fans don't get a notification about this video and don't know it exists. I unsubscribed. This is cowardly.
Ok but like post this on your main so it can get a bigger response
I just found this guy on trending can someone explain to me what happened?
I understand you’re human and I don’t expect you or any one else to be perfect, ever. I do have to say that not having this on your main channel does make this seem less genuine.
So what did you do wrong? You understand the risks and you chose to carry out your activities. I’m sure if you have any signs of Covid you will quarantine at your apartment. Life goes on and everybody in their woke response to your actions needs to get a grip. It’s called life people! Move on!
You’re in the unique position of being a doctor AND an influencer so it’s especially important that you be a role model during this pandemic. It’s great that you apologized but put it on the main channel.
Not good enough. You know better, you knew better, and you knew your impact would be much wider than just yourself. A video full of excuses and loopholes now is pathetic. You don’t get any sympathy for wanting a break in a hard year. We ALL had a hard year. We ALL need a break. The difference is: we are not as selfish and hypocritical as you are, so we are STILL isolated. Oh, and most of us can’t afford private boats and endless covid tests.   Hope your career tanks because of this. You’re a joke.
I literally don’t give af if this guy doesn’t follow CDC guidelines. What I do give af about is hypocrisy. Stop making excuses and just admit you don’t actually care about your own advice lol
My whole family drove down from another state and surprised me for my birthday back in October too. Im very close to them and hadn't seen them in a year. I take COVID seriously but in events like that you have to make quick in the moment risk assessments. And the result is going to be a bit different for everyone, especially in situations like that.   I know that you're a doctor so you're held to a higher standard but there is no title that you can hold, president, doctor, lawyer, politician, etc that will prevent anyone from making mistakes. I think people need to understand that, learn to forgive and bring people up, not tear them down.
You should only be upset at Dr. Mike if you never made a mistake in your life. Otherwise, humble yourself, put your mask on, and keep following the advice from people who know more than you.
I feel like people are being hypocritical. No one is perfect with these masks. Sometimes you can know when you're safe, sometimes you don't know. I can't say I'm upset at this.
Dude you shouldn’t have to apologize for this. Frig the haters dude. Live your life and frig everyone else.
I find it funny who most of these people outraged at doctor Mike were probably not even outraged when Pelosi disobeyed lockdown orders just to get her hair done without wearing a mask.
Much love 💙 I hope you aren't getting too much hate. I saw an article about this whole situation, and was legitimately only bothered that people are all up in your business. Honestly, it never crossed my mind that you would do anything to put anybody else in danger, so I assumed it was all a big misunderstanding. And that you were as responsible as possible! Take care of you!
I think his past actions, demeanor, ethical source of income, and goals have shown we shouldn't fault him for such small mistakes. We need more people like him who spread empirical, introspective, and objective truths.
I wondered what the different was between his two channels, so I read the About section of both channels and tried to see the difference in the videos. It seems like most if not all his videos on his main channel are 10 minutes or longer while the videos on this channel are shorter in comparison. So maybe that is why he chose this channel?  But given the content, I could see why people  would want him to show this on his main channel...
Extending grace to you and everyone else who has admitted and those who are keeping their activities secret.
This is why I love dr.Mike he has ownership to his mistakes. He is caring. And most of all he understands how dangerous this pandemic is and is just trying to help us. Thank you dr.Mike
i’m annoyed that you keep harping that we should do better and you go off and party
You may have followed the guidelines while travelling back, but according to the photos you did not do so on the boat, you were way to close to these ladies. And even a mask does not protect other people a 100%, so what if someone with a higher risk was on the same flight, maybe to get some needed medical treatment? I looked up to you so much and your constant vids to inform people about the virus and what to do to protect each other helped me through the last months. I have a higher risk because some health issues and since this started I very often felt like my life was not worth enough for people to just put on a simple mask. Time and time again I was told that I was weak and therefore the world would be better without me. But your vids helped. A young, fit and healthy person caring. But then you stopped caring. Not when you did not wear a mask, I think that was just you being stupid, but when you decided not to put the apology on your main channel and when you did not fully take responsibility for your actions.
So you post this not on your 10+ million follow Channel. Hu... gaslighting and manipulation at its finest.
You really seem to only be sorry you got caught. You're liking comments that forgive you rather than people who have very real and important criticisms and hurt from what you did. All of us are suffering so that you can go out and care so little about our safety. I've been home completely alone with soul crushing loneliness and depression, struggling to keep my job. Every day is a struggle to get out of bed and keep going. Everyone who is doing the right thing is suffering, and that's not even covering all the people risking their very lives in healthcare, or those who are forced to work at a grocery store or other essential retail workers who were already barely making enough money to feed themselves but have no choice but to continue risking their lives and dealing with constant harassment for minimum wage. This disgusts me, and it breaks my heart. Shame on you.
Glad he acknowledged it but he shouldn’t be berated for being outside with some friends.
Bummer you got caught!
When I found out about this through google news, I was like what I think most people was, shocked and a little mad. I have been watching Doctor Mike for a while now, and what I’m seeing now is shocking me. I agree with what most of the comments are saying, that he needs to put this on his main channel and that is apology is kind of “lame”. But what baffles me is that if he didn’t apologize, he would be a hypocrite. When he apologizes, he still remains a hypocrite. I am a little disappointed, but I have made the decision to still remain subscribed and watch some of his videos. This is my choice and this may not be my final decision.
I appreciate the apology itself, but it’s truly too little too late. I can forgive you but the damage your actions have done will have consequences that will make others not take COVID-19 seriously. I’m a contact tracer for my local health department. I’ve had so many positives and contacts that quote other medical professionals doing exactly these actions as proof that COVID-19 is a conspiracy and that it’s just a control tool. “Why bother quarantining or wearing a mask when Dr. Mike isn’t either?” : the exact question I expect to hear at work on Monday. I’ve referenced your videos to my patients before for a clear explanation of why we quarantine. I’m regretting that now. I hope the impact of this situation is minimal.
This was TERRIBLE! My husband left me at the beginning of the pandemic, don't you think I'd like to go out and have some fun? NO, BECAUSE I WILL NOT PUT OTHERS AT RISK WITH THIS VIRUS! And don't you have patients?? I hope that they jump ship because I certainly wouldn't want a doctor putting my health at risk to have a little fun. Absolutely ridiculous hypocrisy.
Partying on a yacht with sone escorts is more important than a global pandemic
No offense Doctor Mike but you absolutely need to put this on your main channel. Putting it on this one makes it seem like a half a$$ apology. Plus the important message everyone should hear is that just because even you make mistake around covid regulations doesn't mean it isn't real.
Bro no one cares! Screw covid! There is no reason to live your life in fear over a virus that, for most people, has a 99.98 survival rate. Also, stop slouching.
Why isn’t this on your MAIN channel? So disappointing. You destroyed your credibility.
this needs to be on your main channel if you want to actually take accountability. your 60k audience here is nothing compared to the millions there.  for the millions of Americans (myself included) who have missed holidays, birthdays, time spent with friends, this is really disappointing. regardless of the responsibility of having a large audience you are a medical professional, and should be practicing what you preach.
Your actions just contradicted everything that you were preaching for. The last person I ever thought of not following the CDC guidelines is a DOCTOR. Please don't do this again. Like you said in one of your videos, even if you are healthy, you could potentially spread it to vulnerable people.
You got caught out there!!! & that's it Period!!! You should of post this on your main channel. Btw..Get a new smoke alarm! The noise from the smoke alarm it's so annoying.
❤
We get it, this should have been on his main. We also get that he went wrong badly. We must also realize this man has helped bring awareness to obesity and corona that many people would have not even recognized as a severe issue had he not made such a big precedence about it. This video isn’t monetized. It’s not a sob story. As a doctor he didn’t have to admit wrong, sure it’s good for his career and his personality on the website, but realize he’s a valuable asset. Learn from his mistakes, and he will too.
I am extremely disappointed. I have nothing more to say, I will no longer support this creator.
Why is it harder to look him in the eyes now.
Appreciate you for honesty. There is a humbleness of being in the spotlight and knowing that impact. You are human. It happens <3
narcissist.
You've lost all credibility with me. This apology is 1. not on your main channel and 2. only about being caught (and the ramifications of it) and not about how the act of partying itself. I would have had a lot more respect  for you if you had just come out and said that you gave into peer pressure. You're a doctor. You know your actions weren't right. Own that mistake instead of making excuses.
Smh
So if you're actually sorry: Why is this on a secondary channel, where I only found out about it after watching videos of others ROASTING this upload?
P.O.S
Dr Hypocritical Mike at your service.....you’re a scam Mike go stay in Biden’s basement I heard he got popsicles for you sport Democrats Scamdemic 2020
Coming from all  the non medical professionals who have probably left their houses a million times since last year - meanwhile dr mike here took all necessary precautions (that no other YouTuber or professional has including YOUR president) and goes out once and is under fire - nah not on my watch you know how many mistakes I’ve made? A whole lot. Y’all get in the comments section like you’re angels HAH bye   Like his other thousands of videos telling you people how to live better isn’t good enough - he makes one mistake. I’ve seen close friends of mine make hundreds regarding covid and I’m still their friend.   Keep doing you dr. Just be better next time lol
People prove who they are through their actions, not their words. Damage done is damage done. I don't know that I'll ever trust what he says again.
The fact that you didn't post this on your main channel so that your 6 million subscribers don't find out that you were partying.... how disappointing.
It’s a new situation for everyone and mistake is human. 👏👏
I don’t know if he’ll seee this or not idgaf but we have to realize we all are swimming in the same ocean but on different boats😜. This pandemic is showing you who is really privileged and who is not. But it ain’t the end of the world and lowkey ima still watch his videos cuz he fine asf
Trash Dr. I didn’t see my family for thanksgiving nor am I going to see them for Xmas and I live in NYC. You should stay in Miami since you think it’s okay.
I’m done with the masks, staying away from people. If doctors are partying we can too.
So I am in Italy and I really really want to visit my friends from Ireland. I will you know just fly there and visit them ya know 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️ like everyone is doin ya know...but nooo worries I tested negative 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤪🤪🤪. It was a hard year man I need a break mkay??? It's the holidays ffs. Everyone should fly and visit fam ya know..according to doc. But no worries I'll follow WHO rules 🤪🤪🤪 masks and thingamajig 🤪🤪🤪 YOLO
You posted this on your smaller channel... I had to look super hard to find this video. As a nurse, and as someone who has looked up to you since during nursing school, I’m so disappointed and will no longer subscribe. If you were really sorry, you would have issued a statement on your Twitter and posted this on your larger channel. You’re trying to keep this on the DL to spare your reputation. I thought you were different, but this is disappointing. You influencers are truly all the same.
So at your medical center, are they making you self-quarantine (assuming you were in Miami for >24 hrs)? Are the attendings and residents enjoying dealing with all of your patients you pushed onto them? I'm sure they're going to love having to deal with the extra workload for the next 2 weeks. At least they also were able to spend their holidays with friends and family, right? OH WAIT.
It take a lot of integrity and courage to publicly admit you have made a mistake especially when you’re a famous, highly visible person. You made a mistake, you’re publicly apologizing for it, short of going back in time and undoing what you already did, there’s not much else to do but to not do it again. Let’s not be hypocritical. We all make mistakes, no one is perfect or flawless, we can all to do better and learn from our errors.
Phoney.
This apology is absolute garbage. Totally scummy not to post it on the main channel to purposely hide it. Obvious he doesn’t actually care, and is sorry he got caught.
I have been following you a long time. I must tell you that I am absolutely disgusted by your decision  to party on your birthday. You are giving the "COVID isn't real" conspiracy theorists a lot of leverage with your actions. It was not just a goof up. . YOU are a doctor! During a pandemic you are suppose to lead by example. All of our eyes are on you. Your mistake  wasn't simply forgetting a mask at the grocery store or something  more benign.  You deliberately went down to Miami on this boat with a bunch of "ladies" without wearing a mask because you are a smart Doctor does not give you moral authority. The hypocrisy is tangible. I say this as one who has been following you and your advice from the very start. My heart is broken by you Doctor Mike. Maybe I shouldn't have taken this pandemic so seriously since you have not.
Dr. “I don’t want my tik tok nurse / Tween fan base to dwindle so I’ll post this on my 2nd channel “
Tough year? Needed a vacation? Many of your supporters have lost EVERYTHING while living by the guidelines YOU publicized again and again — then ignored. My subscription is nothing compared to the 6+ million others, but you’ve lost it.
It's super scary how some of the comments are even doctors supporting his hypocritical behavior. Most of us who follow rules never went out even if it was a funeral. So disappointing. Unsubscribed.
"I'm sorry. I let you down."  If only the political climate would encourage PUBLIC FIGURES to say these 6 words.
People who say this should be on main account why ? İt's not like anyone who follows or knows this guy is going to miss this because it's in his second account ?
The hypocrisy is astonishing. So you get the luxury of calculating the risk and deciding you're safe enough without giving a sh*t about all the people you're endangering by travelling around during a pandemic but then you preach people to stay home? No calculated risk for us peasants huh
I’m sorry but there is no excuse. Why bc you can get tested easily? Bc you checked regulations! Sorry no, my daughters medically fragile. We will spend all our holidays alone this year. No family since March. But go party it’s fine?!!!?!?
And yet apparently so many of you _trusted_ him as an *authority* ? Time to take a look in the mirror.  I mean...take your mask off first...then look in the mirror. Do you think humanity's _best_ possible outcome is one where each individual is beholden to some governmental authority? I don't.
Being a democrat must be a sad life. Cheers!
You posted this apology on your second channel? The one with less subscribers?
“Do what I say not as I do”
remember 2019 when this would never have been a drama situation
You are a doctor. What are you doing? Shame on you.
His acting skills are horrible. 🙄
Everyone makes mistakes.. only the smart ones realize they made mistakes and try not to repeat them
Rules for you, but not me. I'm so sick of hypocritical people. This guy made money off of peddling the virus stuff and how to be safe. He's got such a big ego that I'm sure he'll take the negative comments down anyways.
This just proves that you’re an influencer before you’re a doctor or a decent human being
people are complaining about him not putting this on the main channel and accepting the hate comments and bullying as if this ain’t #9 on trending
You are a doctor this is unacceptable!! also as a dr you are at a higher risk of covid. SHAME ON YOU AND SHAME ON THIS LAME APOLOGY
This video really hit me because I understand his guilt. When this quarantine started in my state, school got canceled and work for me as well so I was at home with my parents and my three sisters, one of who is at risk. For weeks, I took this quarantine so seriously. But then, my friends invited me to a graduation party. I brought my mask and fully intended to wear it. But then I got there and I didn’t social distance properly or wear my mask. I don’t even have a good explanation for why not. It just felt pointless because these people are my friends who I have known for years. Then I got home and while I was in the shower, I felt so bad. My two younger sisters are constantly sitting at home, not even talking with their friends because everyone was so stressed. Yet there I was, ignoring all the rules because I wanted to have some fun. I understand why people are so angry with him, but at the same time, I kind of understand what happened to make him make this mistake. When I was at that graduation party, I didn’t feel like I was making a mistake. Only when I looked back on my actions did I realize that I screwed up.
Smh
who cares
.... i am disappointed this is not on the main channel and that you still went on to party ... i really i am
Do it now, ask for forgiveness later has been one of my 9 y.o cousin's strategies for a while now. Apparently it works for adults as well. Well done doc!
The likes don’t match the comments
Trending woow 🤣🤣 wp wp good to see people who understand science
Why can’t anyone give him a fucking break. We’re all human , if he was only a doctor no one would know or care but since he’s a YouTuber there’s a sudden need to “cancel him”.
FAKE AND FAKE PEOPLE WILL KEEP EATING THIS UP
You were not “well below” the permitted number of people, there were 15 of you in the photo if not more. Just admit you’re human, that you self-justified reckless behaviour and are more of a hypocrite than you want people to think you are. You made one poor decision, save yourself from making another one by lying.
This is rediculousness how are we supposed to take Dr Mike seriously ever again... There was NO apology here just excuses and misinformation. Talk about PRIVELEDGE. Unsubscribed from main channel after having to search for this because the minute amount accountability taken here... shoul have been on the main channel... i happen to be subbed to another channel that notified me of this ordeal.  I haven't left my house in MONTHS in order to follow protocol and a freakin Dr needs to take their own ADVICE r u kidding me???  I will stick with my MDJ VIDEOS from now on.  What a hypocrite
This should be on your main channel
I've lost all respect for you lol. here me and millions of other people are miserable in our homes but staying home so we can keep everyone safe, and here you are, a DOCTOR, partying and being a hypocrite. you're not sorry you did it you're sorry you got caught, and all of those excuses you made showed me how careless you really are. I'm very dissapointed.
No hard feelings bro, I jus want dat medical meme review about this when it's all said and done ✌
This is disrespectful.  Not putting this on your main channel? Taking that risk? People face with psychological problems, they don’t go out for days, they lose loved ones and sometimes they don’t even get the chance to say good bye. Is this how much you care? Having a “birthday party” with your friends and “other friends” ? Well done.
💙
Why aren’t you posting this on your main channel? Hiding behind a smaller platform to avoid accountability for being a hypocrite.  Congrats 🙄🙄🙄
I didn't even know this channel existed. Wasn't aware there was a problem until I saw some blip about it in his Instastories. I think he's trying to protect his brand by putting this over here.
So a second channel video with a FU to people losing their loved ones for a party and your colleagues who've been in ICU for months on end.  No man, this is not it.
if “Rules where meant to be broken” was a person
Shut up
A person under 45 years old has a .01% chance of getting sick from covid, and this guy is doing an apology for *reasons*  🤔if there was a .01% chance of rain, would someone apologize for not having an umbrella?   Some of you all are being a little rediculas
All respect lost...  this is not even on your main channel.
Like most regular people out here, I know bullshit when I hear it. Unsubbed.
You guys are saying that it should be on his main channel. Does it really matter when he posted it anyways? You guys are probably living your best lives too. He did it once. Once. While y’all are doing it 20 times. Don’t hate on him for doing the same thing you guys did. The only difference between you and him, is that he got a picture taken of him, and you didn’t. I’m glad you apologized Dr. Mike.  EDIT: He did post it on his main channel. Not as a video, but he made a separate post linking this video to that. Just think sometimes.
I didn't even know this side channel was a thing until I searched for this video. I am so disappointed.
You’re only sorry because you got caught. It’s not on your main channel and it’s not even on your twitter. What a coward. My family didn’t get together with my brother’s family who live literally two blocks away from us for Thanksgiving and you and your friends are out there partying. Not to mention how many people are DEAD from this virus. Gf yourself.
He’s just sorry because he was caught. You don’t party with pornstars and do what he did in those pictures and just “realize” you messed up later on.
Shame on you. You shouldn't pose as an influencer if  you can't set a good example.
Just like you said, you are human, therefore not perfect, no one is, but you are an awesome human, don't forget that! 👏
U R an Azz. Period. hypocrite to the max.
We’re all going to make mistakes throughout this experience. Learn the lesson and keep it moving ❤️
Dr Mike and other liberals  Do as I say not as I do I looking at you dr Mike Cuomo Newsom Pelosi  Elitist
While I admit that you should’ve shown better judgement I want to say apology accepted. We are all human and many people are suffering from Covid fatigue. It’s tempting for me to do the same thing some times! Keep up the good work and I’ll see you next time!
This should be on your main channel.
Well, you actually do put people at risk. The PATIENTS you see at the hospital
Dr.mike you know how real covid is .just like all of us in the Medical world & ones that have a little since ? But rules & polices are for Everyone to follow. But your human like all of us ?  I tell my patients how & what to do every day to stay safe & healthy . Yes i want to go do & hang out like everone else but i dont i follow the rules play safe the best way i can.  Its good your aplozgies &  you have your looks on your side so ???😕😊that helps us not to be to mad at you.but act right stay healthy my friend
Friggin Charlatan
You're a real hypocrite Mike. I'm glad this whole comment section is not a pity party.
I can’t watch someone who can say something but do the other. Doc mike’s main channel was where I went to go get some information and comfort during this pandemic but by doing this has destroyed all that. I have been watching him for a while and thought he was a good and rational person on YouTube but just turned out to be someone who doesn’t keep to what they say. It’s really sad. Also not apologizing on his main channel speaks volumes about how he sees his mistake right now.
It seems as if I haven't seen this Black Mirror episode yet
and to make it even worse you didn't put this on your main channel   SHAME ON YOU !  So now you can add COWARD  to long long list of  Achievements and accolades
Is this apology because photos surfaced? Kinda embarrassing. You definitely f'd up.
Well this ended up on trending
Apologies tend to work best when they start and end with “I’m sorry” not “I’m sorry and what really hurts is bad actors manipulating the situation 🙃”
Also why is this not on your main Chanel ?? Oh I know.. because you want to take responsibility, but not want to ruin your “image” right ?
It feels good and right to unfollow this kinds of hypocritical behaviors. Good bye dr.mike's YT chanels.
Dr. Mike: Puts video on his microchannel of <60k subs to hide from main audience Youtube: Moderators approve video and place on trending Dr. Mike: 👁️👄👁️
Haha hypocrite, only apologize when you get caught
This was a hugely disappointing situation. Wish you could have done better Dr. Mike.
Quack
I don't understand all of these comments attacking him over this. No one is perfect. We are all doing the best we can. To me, this is no worse than going to the grocery store and not washing your hands or using hand sanitizer. He was responsible and more research about the such than most. He should live his life in fear of what others might think.
Your such a hypocrite... I would have expected more from a “doctor” lol
It’s definitely unfair that he got to go out while some you had stayed in quarantine for months. He’s a person too though, calling him “egoistical” is not going to change the fact that he celebrated his birthday. He’s obviously not going to do that again, so show some grace through the criticism.
Don’t be hard on yourself you were partying and it was one time
You of all people should have known  !  you could have  Possibly started a chain reaction that could have infected dozens of people and even worse killed innocent people !  I think you should have your medical card pulled and if you were a real doctor you should  Voluntarily  Forfeit it but as we all know you won't because your all about the money and not the cause.
I’m sorry but I can’t take this serious UNLESS you post it to your 6mill follower channel? Lol the gurls wanna be out spreading covid.
This is absolutely ridiculous. You are promoting partying whether you think you are or not. Makes me sick to my stomach. And to not put this on your main channel ? Ew.
This was not a lapse in judgment, this was pure stupidity, and frankly the worst attempt at an apology I have ever heard. fact is, YOU ARE A DOCTOR, and by extension a fellow scientist, this act negates absolutely everything you have spouted over the past few months and is a slap in the face to your peers, and the public you took an oath to protect.
Your acting is terrible
Why post this on your small channel where you’re going to reach such a small number of people...50k versus 60mil?  You did the opposite of what you’ve been preaching for 7 months.   You weren’t “well below” the maximum capacity of the boat. The picture shows well OVER 10 people.   I used to be a huuuge proponent of yours. As I sat here separated from my family for the better part of the year. As I celebrated my own birthday eating hotdogs on the deck with my 2 immediate family members. As I ate Thanksgiving dinner at a table of three.  I just don’t get it.
Why would the CDC stop counting flu deaths?
Dr Mike is a human being. Social isolation is extremely difficult. And I, as a member of the Healthcare field, personally know that mistakes can be made (just because someone is a doctor or a nurse doesn't mean they are perfect). Dr Mike on the off chance you read this just know I fully support you. I thank you for all the information you have continually put forward during this time of uncertainty. You are human, just like the rest of us, please dont beat yourself up too much over this.
lol nobody cares
doctor mike i have a question
I am outraged at the like-dislike ratio. I couldn't see the doctor about my tonsillitis despite being tested negative a day before, but these people went on a boat because late brithday party uwu Well, it was *my* birthday yesterday, i couldn't go out drinking with friends to celebrate because everything is closed, and small bussiness are dying to the point they are opening illegally in a last ditch effort. Drinking outside has been made illegal to discourage loitering and socializing. I'm disappointed in Mike, truly.
DO, not MD
i watched the whole video and was honestly ready to accept his apology but then i looked up the photo and uhh...💀  look ok if he was my doctor and he'd tell me the usual stuff like "practice social distancing, wear a mask, dont go outside, avoid mass gatherings" then i see him pull off something like this....i would go look for another doctor  this is all the more disrespectful for other frontliners, especially since he is a frontliner himself. in another place, frontliners are fainting due to fatigue and being extremely overworked because of stubborn people not following the guidelines exactly like he did.   i should know because my previous upperclassmen who are now medical technologists/nurses have been suffering so much recently and i feel so sorry for them.
I'm not a Doctor but even I know that going on a yacht with friends, not wearing masks, is wrong.
That’s true! Doctors especially need to live by example! You messed up, darling, but this video shows a lot about your character. Only great people admit when they are wrong. Good for you!
I'm one of those people who believe covid-19 is nothing but a scam committed by the CCP trying to control us the people and/or it became less deadly (while becoming more infectious, tho) so it doesn't matter if you have a party with scantly-clad women on a boat. But aren't you the one who's been preaching day in and day out about following the guidelines and criticizing those who fail to do so?? It's time to get some much needed rest, dude. Your channel isn't as good as it was used to be, tbfh.
I am unsubscribed from this guy’s channel over a year ago he is a sheep part of the problem, cannot think for himself.
You're human. I'm sure most people watching this will have messed up, whether intentionally or not, during this pandemic. My psychologist even says we need to weigh up the benefits of following the rules to the letter (which is very difficult, given all the conflicting and confusing information) with the reality of being so isolated from others. If you were on a boat with friends and you all consented to being there without masks, and you did your best to follow protocol after leaving them, then I wouldn't be too hard on yourself. You've said yourself, and I fully agree, that mental health is a very important part to health in general. Maybe you needed to get away and let off some steam. Still appreciate your video, though.
We are all human. Don't beat yourself up.
Soooo they tried to tell us to not celebrate Thanksgiving" with our families at home specifically not more than 6 people 😬.... Im in Florida boat gatherings aren't recommend it either they had to close the marines when all this BS fake virus come out, they realized people know their rights and goes straight against the constitution. So over this already...... 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
Super disappointing coming from a medical professional whom I trusted. Personal sacrifice is extremely difficult, especially for the privileged, but guess you’re just another for profit youtuber. Doesn’t make sense.
"I checked the local boat capacity guideline"... well it says there should only be 8 adults maximum but there are 15 people in the photo Mike.  You also put this on a channel with 58k subs instead of your main one with over 6 million.  Partying in the state that was notorious for early spikes in infections, with a large gathering in close proximity to each other (on a boat) tells everyone what you really think of the virus and it's severity.
Omg shut up. No one likes an apologizer
Hypocrite
It's all good doctor Mike. You still the real MVP
Why didn’t you upload this to your main channel? Hypocrite.
Just another dumb narcissist who got caught. Yawn. At least this one has the entertainment value of being a raging hypocrite.
This is better than people hiding their mistakes rather than learning from it
My respect for you has gone 📉....as a nurse and mother who has a son on remission of leukemia and still in treatment...I am shocked. Especially after all the videos you posted regarding Covid-19. And this should be on your main channel. Smh
The hardest path is from your head to your heart, its not always easy to live out our beliefs. Nothing but compassion for you, we make mistakes, its how we move forward and we appreciate you.
Fake. It's quite obvious you didn't mess up. You purposely said screw it and partied. The "do as I say not as I do" philosophy is alive and well.
Bro don’t apologize...you literally just said that you followed all the guidelines and that none of that matters but that’s exactly what matters. The “impact” that your trip had, if anything, should be that you can still go have fun while following guidelines and protocols. Who the heck cares what some scared paranoid people say to you. Much love ✊🏽
It's really disappointing that you chose to do these things and then post this ONLY on your secondary channel where most of your followers won't find it.  Everyone makes mistakes, but after everything you've said avoid covid and how we should be behaving throughout.... It's awful that you made this choice.  Please post this to your main channel. It's important for people to hear this message.
This was 5 minutes of excuses and pushing blame and pointing at others. Great job, hypocrite.
Can someone explain what happened because i clearly live under a rock
I am so glad you have addressed this issue. Being a public figure sure has its downside, right. I would never begrudge you a little vacay. I, too, was worried that anti-maskers would use it as a weapon. I'm still a fan. ❤ "Don't attack the science."
It's been hard times doc... thanks a Lot for this vídeo.....
Just because Dr. Mike is a social media personality doesn’t mean people can expect perfection. One mistake is not a pattern. How many of us “cheat” with the guidelines? We all do here and there. I’m kicking myself because I rationalized away a trip to a friend’s house on Thanksgiving. I knew better. Once I got there, I figured out that I let myself convince myself that it wasn’t the same as everyone else going to family celebrations. I left regretting it and excused myself early. Now I have to wait it out and hope no one was carrying the virus. He said he was basically gifted this boat trip. That’s a lot of social pressure, especially if the person was dear to him and he didn’t want to hurt the person’s feelings. Obviously, someone on that trip betrayed him and leaked the photos. He should be allowed privacy. I’m sure if one of his patients contracted COVID-19, and he found out they did not social distance or wear a mask, he wouldn’t stand over the person shaking his head and tsk, tsk them. He’d probably just roll up his sleeves and get to work treating that person. It’s not like he’s seeing patients without wearing a mask. If it becomes a pattern, that’s a little different. It doesn’t sound like it will get to that point. I bet even Fauci has been in a situation that he later realized he should have handled it differently.
Weird how those who push limiting risk and not going to large gatherings are the ones who keep doing it...
Takes a sip every time he say "I messed up"
Shame. Blaming your friend, not taking responsibility, trying to justify and not taking responsibility for the hypocrisy. You preached for the views. I expected better from you. Very disappointed.
What a wealthy loooser posting this on his sub/small channel and hearting only the comments supporting this hypocrite! That's how you get rich in society, bruh! 😎😎
If this guy has subscribers after this, ya'll stuuupid.
I do understand your point, but I disagree. You followed the rules, you were not putting anyone else at risk, and you are not in a risk group yourself. Having fun, as long as you don’t act irresponsibly, is ok. And there is nothing wrong with it Dr. Don’t hit yourself so hard. I understand you are trying to be an example of responsibility here, but you don’t deserve so much critique...
“My buddy surprised me with a yacht and a bunch of thots and the first thing I did was check the cdc website”.  Lol, sure.
Weirdo
Way to like only the comments stroking your ego.
The moment when you mess up and try to put your "apology" on your smaller page to try to hide your mistake from your 6.5 million subscribers but youtube puts your f-up on trending lmaoooooo YouTube finally got something right.
why not on main channel??
One set of rules for us, another for you, huh? Hypocrite
Why not put this on your main channel? Just admit it..... its way overblown.  Obvious by your trip.
Been following you for years Dr Mike. Its okay.. we're human and sometimes do things that dont go exactly to plan. But thank you for just doing this. You're always teaching us something.. and with today's video you taught how to effectively communicate when we know we can do better. Much Respect doctor!  You know you're pretty awesome
How does this have more likes than dislikes?
Why didn’t you put this on your main channel, coward?
Being a doc myself, this is just so disappointing to see.. one would think doctors would know better at a time like this.. oh well hypocrisy is more contagious than corona.. let’s hope you didn’t infect anyone elderly or at risk like those whom you mentioned in the 1000 videos regarding corona
you dont get to be wrong or absolved when peoples lives are involved.
Am I the only one who did not realize this was on his side channel? I only saw that there was an apology (which I think it's stupid that he is being forced to apologize for traveling to see his FATHER). My thought process is that as long as you, and the people you are visiting, are taking the proper precautions-in every sense of the term- then you should be able to travel to see family. I don't like the fact that he's being, essentially forced, to apologize. No matter what channel it's on.
Hello covid19 spreader👍👏👏
Main channel please then we talk
Now put it on your main channel hypocrite
I love you Dr. Mike!
f*ck hypocrites.
Stop. Just stop.  You have nothing to apologize for.   You just look like a unich who took a calculated risk.  We all should make calculated risks when it comes to COVID.  Says me, who lives in Elmhurst, NY the epicenter of the epicenter of the pandemic and had COVID way back in March.
I see people bashing on here and other social media. There's no use in it! So to Doctor Mike, you might be famous but you are a human being just like me. We are all human beings, so it's a waste of air to put down anyone! I strive to teach kindness to my child and my students, so please be kind. It's simple, and makes not just the other person feel better but also yourself. Everyone stay safe out there!
Rules for Thee not for Me😏😏
i’m not mad, i’m just genuinely upset. he has preached since day one how deadly this virus is and how important it is to follow ALL the guidelines. he said that they were well under the capacity limit, which is not true. it said a maximum of 8 adults and there were at least 15 there I’d say. i don’t like how he used the fact that he was young and healthy as an excuse, because that’s an extremely selfish excuse. i don’t care if you’re healthy and you don’t THINK it will affect you negatively if you contract this virus because the truth is there have been young healthy people who died from it too. not to mention the fact that by traveling you are putting so many others who may not be young and healthy at danger. also, the thing about masks and water activities. being on a boat is not what they would consider to be a water activity. you aren’t getting wet, and if you are it’s not a lot unless you are actually tubing, water skiiing, etc. If you are hanging out on a boat, there is absolutely no reason why you couldn’t be wearing a mask. again, i genuinely am not mad or angry, just confused and let down because i have looked up to this man for YEARS
why did you upload this to your smaller channel????????
I came here to see the douchey doctor. He has a great future in the Democrat criminal enterprise  .i.e party.
Phony
Would have been really nice if you post it on your main channel . We are all human , we all make mistakes. People hopefully would understand it
So disappointed
While I agree that many of us have learned some hard lessons throughout this pandemic, you really dropped the ball in this apology and in going to that party. Not only are you a doctor who has the knowledge of the implications of your actions, but you have a huge social following. You knew better then, yet you chose to do what many of us have been told not to do by people like yourself. And still, instead of giving a sincere apology, you share this script on your second channel in hopes you satisfy those who are disappointed in you while not drawing more attention to those who may not know. This is extremely disappointing.
This isn't good enough. The damage has been done
This shows he really is a true doctor 😇😊
We all did wrong or prohibited things during this pandemic. Its okay to talk and explain on your channel. I support you Dr Mike !
I also think it's HALARIOUS  that Dr. mike is liking all the people who are supporting him in the comments, but completely ignoring those with valid criticism. What a stand up guy, so good at taking accountability when he FUCKED UP ON A MASSIVE SCALE. 🙄😬😓
This is really, really disappointing.  And to think that I used to have respect for this guy.  Yikes man....
POS....
Bruh, do you now how hard it is as a college student to stay in my dorm (during the in person part of my semester) and in my home (during the online part of the semester) while other ppl just break these covid rules? It's so frustrating. I like never go out and am missing out on so much and ugh...
He really just said this to save face. 15 people on a 10 capacity boat? No masks? Pushing everyone to stay home, etc, but can’t do it himself? His buddies on YT are really here like,”Thanks for being real, blah blah blah.” He is not. He would of been real if he stayed home and not been on that boat. Just because he’s a famous pretty face doesn’t mean we should have lenience on him. Get real 🙄.
FAKE
I watched the whole video and I’m finding that I have to go to the comments to see what he’s actually apologizing for. Shouldn’t that be part of the video itself? It’s not meaningful without proper context.
🤔
Of course the conspiracy theorists are going to us this. There is no backtracking now.  Enjoy. Those of us scrambling to make ends meet will never truly be able to appreciate the effort you put into your boat ownership and trip. So disappointed.
Honestly, this year hasn’t really been bad for me. If you think about it.
not cool dr not cool 😔
I guess people that are famous, have a lot of money, or are politicians apparently don't have to follow the same rules that they costantly preach. But they expect everyone else to follow them. entitled much?
What a grifter. And you clowns lap it up.
Doctors are human too, they make mistakes just like the rest of us. No need to blame him, you're just wasting your time.
I feel like I am being gaslit. And large institutions like hospitals, CDC expect people to listen to them. 🙄🙄🙄MAYBE STOP BEING A FUCKING HYPOCRITE AND PRACTICE WHAT YOU FUCKING PREACH. This apology is pretty pathetic😬😬😬
It’s kind of sad that people have to apologize for this stuff, I mean, I know it’s a pandemic and everything, but you should let every individual person be the judge of how they will be affected by the disease. He made a mistake, everyone does.
Please be gentle on Dr. Mike. I feel that when you amass such a big social media following, people tend to criticize you over little things. Was he wrong, yes? But did he own up to his mistakes, yes? You have to learn how to forgive people before you judge, doctors are human you know, we all make mistakes.
Thank yuo doctor Mike for renewing how bad you acted on your birthday
Dangerous hypocrite.
It’s not right to be locked up at home, we have always put freedom before complete safety. The WHO is a political organization whatever you think about the virus and they have changed their guidelines multiple time. Nothing in the Constitution allows anyone to completely restrict your fundamental human rights. Things will only get worse, they’re using the epidemic as a way to promote the Great Reset.
We're all having a hard time with this. Humans make mistakes. Just because Dr Mike is aware of the dangers of caution fatigue doesn't mean he's got an immunity to it. I couldn't have found out in a worse way. Sad from my family missing my son's first Thanksgiving then getting more depressed thinking of his first Christmas without family, and the photo pops up in my feed. I spent a day being mad and hurt, and I still am, but in the end we're all human and spending this much time in survival mode is getting to all of us. The last thing we need to do is chastise those of us who are really trying when they make that one mistake.
I’ve been a fan. I’m also a medical professional. What did he think was going to happen?  He didn’t just mess up his image, he may have spread a potentially-deadly disease during a pandemic...all while telling his viewers to do better. I’m glad he apologized but my feeling is that was simply because he was caught.
That art on the back is awesome
Do as i say, not as i do.
Dr. Mike probably already planned some Christmas in Hawaii or maybe he celebrated Thanksgiving with his fellow New York influencers and also his publicist That's why he cannot promise to not make another mistake in relation to COVID lol
I'm only seeing this on my explore page. Can someone tell me what happened¿
Rules for thee and not for me. After Gavin Newsom and Dr Mike, I'm honestly having a hard time taking the pandemic seriously. Do a better job Dr Mike because we are slowly losing trust for people like you.
Plandemic
what is this
Not the doctor youtubers making apology videos shsjsjskjsjs
It’s OK. I’m not mad. But you did post this on your channel with less subscribers, and it somehow ended up the ninth most trending video 😂😂. People make mistakes.
Anyone else lose respect ?
First of all, I will not use harsh language with you or tell you "you should" etc. But live by what you preach is my moto. Second of all, I moved to new country last year few months before the turn over and began a new job couldn't just vili nili take a Vacation. Then the pandemic started, safe to say I haven't seen my friends or parents in my home country for a year and a half. Because I don't want to put anyone at risk, mind you no friends or family here as I am all by myself. Yet I have not jumped on the first available "ban wagon" to endanger my co workers, neighbors, family and friends, i kept it together if it was not necessary I have not done it. Then I found your channel and thought oh yeah here is someone who has his stuff together,  and look where we are now. This is why people don't trust medicine and sites like Qanon are being proven correct. Third of all, you putting this apology on your channel with significant less followers speaks also about why you are doing all of this, and that is just for the fame. So when people don't follow CDC guidelines or any doctors advise, look back at this moment before you preach again.
this is genuinely despicable. this “little mistake” of yours is going to haunt you forever.   you made video after video stressing the importance of staying home as often as possible, and you decide to ignore your own advice for the sake of what? a dumb party?  people looked up to you, dr. mike. people have every right to be disappointed in you for partying during a P A N D E M I C. your best apology is on your side channel, where most of your main audience most likely won’t ever see? so are you actually sorry or are you simply hoping this “little mistake” gets swept under the rug and then you can go back to partying in secret?  you’re not a normal influencer, dr. mike, and you never have been. you were a medical professional before you started youtube, as far as i’m aware, and you’re still one now. start acting like one and not just for the cameras.
Such bullshit 😂
He should have known better. It is so embarrassing for him to say he is part of the medical sector and he himself does not follow the rules. Shame on all of you, not just Dr Mike. Those that go on holiday when they are not supposed to, meeting friends and family when it is restricted, not wearing masks. Worse of all, knowing you have a positive Covid 19 test and yet you all are roaming around your local towns and cities. NHS track and trace (leaving the phone at home). Shame on all of you people.
Spoiled brat. No integrity. Me got caught at my daddies and got caught doing nono's. Being a punk is also on a "spectrum"
He came out to clarify and apologize. We all make mistakes.  Don't be so hard on him.
Reactions to different people violating covid restrictions:  Average people: 😤🤬You efing super spreaders are killing lives!!!  Doctor Mike (Who knows the restrictions pretty well): 🥺🥺🥺Awww, look how honest and transparent he is😇😇😇  🤡🤡🤡🤪🤪🤪
So regardless of the 99.99%survival rate. We should be wearing masks, social distancing, and basically not living our lives? Why don't you not cause fear and alarm because you are a Dr. But instead tell the older people who are most at risk to keep safe. Yes us younger people can be as safe as possible when it comes to our elders, but don't we do that with the flu? A common cold even? I know I do. But should we really be treating covid any different? When it is just another virus... that is here to stay..  or do you agree that we should continue obeying people that put these mandates in order, who don't even follow their own rules!...we are not conspiracy theorists. We are woke Americans.
Listen I know a lot of people are giving him the 3rd degree and i understand why but i can tell hes truly remorseful for his mistake yes i was mad at him first but he went of his own plan his own judgement but just because hes an infuluncer doesn't mean he needs to be a God   he can make mistakes and learn from them  i personally am giving him the benefit of the doubt. and im sure there will be more to come from this and I bet he will make different  decisions form now on i have faith in you  as they say S*** Happens  this isn't his proudest moment but  dont make it worse please try to forgive and try to understand that no one is immune from mistakes ...  As for you Doctor Mike  Yeah you messed  up  but your still a compentant professtional and i still hold high regard for your videos and i still trust you!   (Sorry For Any Spelling Errors
Doctor Mike, I respect and admire you. You could have ignored this article, and you didn't. Thank you. But, Dr. Mike, this video should be on  your main channel. You value transparency and complete honesty with your patients...so please practice that with your subscribers who trust and look up to you. Thanks.
This is pure narcissism at work. Glad this  badly acted,  patronising apology isnt fooling everyone
I'm not saying you aren't allowed to make mistakes, but this should be on your main channel. If you are concerned about your actions downplaying what is happening, then it should be shown to a greater audience.
Why not post on your main channel?
sorry you got caught.. very disappointed Dr. Mike. i gave you the benefit of the doubt for various other things because i thought your oath and commitment to health and safety was your single guiding virtue... this makes me feel very betrayed. it says a lot that you did not post this on your main channel with millions of subscribers, but this small 50k channel.
You're talking a lot about impact, and your regret of the impact this has made, but yet you've posted this on your side channel which only reaches a small fraction of your audience? I'm sorry, but that just doesn't add up to me.  Also, it confuses me how one second you're saying you followed all cdc guidelines, and assessed the risk, but the next saying you messed up. This is very contradictory.  And I know there are other people that are partying all the time, and in the grand scheme of things your lapse of judgement doesn't equate to others who promote and practice wearing no masks and partying, however I think this is so disheartening and frustrating because you've been a front runner on covid safety, so to see you do this feels like a slap in the face to all of us who have actually been following cdc guidelines this entire time. We all want to party with our friends again, and be able to travel freely. I'm just so severely disappointed in your actions. I hope if nothing else this has been a learning moment for you to practice what you preach. I just can't be a supporter anymore, because it genuinely makes me so angry that knowing what you know about the severity of the pandemic you could turn around and do this: have a mask-less party of at least 15 people on a small boat in Florida of all all places. I hope this was a single mistake you made, and not just the first time you've been caught. This sort of reckless activity, as you well know, spreads like wildfire right back to the elderly and the essential workers who don't have a choice but to be in the line of fire.  I don't wish you any ill wills, and I sincerely hope you and your friends remain covid free.
"Im sorry I got caught."  Can you just admit that the mask mandates and the lockdowns are bullshit? Come on man...
Hypocrite
I'm sick of hypocrites.  The politicans saying "Don't travel for Thanksgiving" and "Don't have family and friends for the Holidays" are the ones immediately going out and doing what they preach against.  This is just another example.  "Wear your masks, don't be in groups" and then you do the same.  Just another hypocrite.
Admitting a mistake and apologizing is not easy, it is tough. I really appreciate it 🙌 We all are humans after all.
This should be on your main Channel 👍
"Can I throw a mini party?" Dr Mike answered in that video a couple months ago: HARD NO But of course Dr. Mike himself can fly crossing state borders all the way to Miami for a belated birthday bash, on a yacht, with 15 people when the maximum is 10 Oh you must be so happy huh? The happiest in a year, huh?
Either live and let live or be a hypocrite. There's no bigger example of -do as I say and not as I do because you ain't got status and money like me- with these political/public health authorities.
Yiiiikes. You should post this on your main channel.
I'm just disappointed
Interesting how he only apologized to his small clips channel and not the main. Maybe because he doesn't want his 6+ million to find out...only found out because of YouTube trending.
The truth is covid is not a rich person problem.
Post on your main, why is this even on a side channel? This screams not taking accountability and brushing it to the side. You’re ruining all of your credibility.
You admit that the maximum capacity is 10 people, and said your group of people  were under the limit. However you were photographed next to 14 people on the boat. It’s sad to see you blatantly lie like this.
Me (not a doctor): spends birthday alone on zoom  Dr Mike: boat party in Miami?👁👄👁 ok den
Unsubbed. The lack of accountability is amazing. You're free to have fun but it's more obvious now that you don't take your own advise. I'll still follow the good things that you've mentioned but can't really see you the same anymore.
What a pos
CDC research, really?  Since when did one thing they say go as planned?  If masks work so well, why are the infection rates up in every state that has mask mandates.  Also, does everyone know that the deaths per million are lower in states with no mask mandates then those with the mandate.  Look at the data, not the latest BS coming out of the CDC.
Mike I think you can promise that you won't make those mistakes again. Granted it's not a mistake when you do it on purpose. I can easily promise everyone I won't be doing stuff like that and have not. I hope you don't go straight back to work after that.
I gained so much respect for this guy after I saw those pics. He had like 20 bad bitches around him. Fuckin legend.
Nice job attempting to justify your behavior.  I’m not buying.
With enough good foresight you can literally change the future so you're not full of regret in hindsight.  Nothing more pathetic than someone asking for pity when they didn't want to listen in the first place.
Get over it, do what u want
Bruh this guy followed all the rules and did his research and he's still apologizing?
Why did you only take your risk into consideration? Even if you are low risk, other people aren’t and this disease spreads like wildfire. As a doctor you should’ve thought about other people with your decision making. But I hope you genuinely learn and do better in the future
A doctor, but an influencer at heart ❤️ it's bad enough you disregard your own recommendations for Covid, but y'all posted the vacation pictures because y'all can't have fun unless you show off how lucky you are to be able to go out and have fun during a Pandemic. Disgusting.
Why did you NOT post this on your page with millions of followers and only here on this secondary channel.  Just another liberal HACK!!!
There are so many of us out here that are following the proper guidelines to a T, and here you are, a physician, violating it so carelessly. I lost my grandfather, who raised me, and I have yet to see his grave or the rest of my family because they're in another country. I have friends who had to defend their dissertations over Zoom. I had to defend my own thesis over Zoom, and after? None of us celebrated like we wanted to because we knew better. We're all exhausted, but we didn't make such a "mistake" as you did.
I always knew that this guy was full of himself.. Another hypocrite who's profiting off of this pandemic, misleading individuals with this propaganda and not following the agenda he's been pushing. Just like the rest of the politicians and upper class, he's only sorry that he got caught. Real coward move not putting this on your main channel, go away you clown.
You are so kind
Loser
We love u so much
No crying... eh not enough for an apology video
Anyone else confused on what mistake hes talking about?   Is it because he went boating FOLLOWING CDC GUIDELINES? cause if he did everything right like anyone else being cautious hed have nothing to apologize for
Who cares?! Everyone messes up sometimes... judge yourself before judging others... people have gone absolute crazy! He admits he idd wrong... lets move on...
I just saw the pictures. That's disappointing...on one hand we're all human and make mistakes on the other that was supper dangerous and just disheartening. I really hope you can do better than that.
ffs we've lost you too? all the good creators are doing stupid things nowadays.
HYPOCRITE
You willing to recognize where you went wrong is good!👍 Self improvement and change is a plus!✨🙏☝️
Good for you Dr Mike. I’m glad you celebrated your birthday. I’m glad you didn’t live in fear and assessed your own risk and allowed yourself and others to make a decision for themselves how they’re going to handle themselves during this pandemic. I wouldn’t have known you did anything if it weren’t for this video. You know why? Because unlike most people I’m not filling my quarantine time looking for everyone who’s doing it “wrong” and complaining that you got to go out but I didn’t. I have better things to do. I worry about myself and mind my own business... more people should too.
1) Upload this to your main channel (WHAT SIDE CHANNEL IS THIS?) ON YOUR INSTAGRAM YOU DIDNT EVEN UPLOAD A LINK TO THIS VIDEO IN YOUR INSTA STORY, BUT INSTEAD SHARED SOMEONE GIVING YOU PROPS TO THIS VIDEO????? 2) Actually state what you did on the boat, there was 15+ when you are showing guidelines for 10 people, so that's a LIE! Your apology will not be considered genuine unless you are completely honest about what you did and why it's WRONG!!!! People are not stupid, nor are your viewer, the videos are out there, we don't want PR friendly apology. Your actions have just added gasoline onto the fire of doubting COVID!!! You are one of the most well-known doctors on YOUTUBE, the medical community including myself are DISAPPOINTED.
Everyone who harps about wearing a mask breaks their quarentine when it suits them most. The only thing you've done wrong is peddle the virus like it's actually something worth apologizing over.
For everyone asking why he didn't post this on his main channel: he is a liar and hypocrite first off, but he is not dumb. He posted this video here cause he's greedy and he knows how to make money. He will now grow this little unknown channel by everyone coming here.
Eat $hit
Don’t understand why everybody is upset about this? Everyone is NOT going to follow EVERY rule EVERY time. Those of you in the comment section shaking your finger as though you haven’t had SOME sort of slip up throughout this whole ordeal are a bunch of hypocrites. Do your best to keep yourself and everyone safe. This doesn’t mean your life stops, we all have to keep living. Everyone’s circumstances are different.
should be on your main channel tbh that’s kinda weird
don’t be shy post this on ur main channel
Everyone wants to be with other people and have fun right now ,and everyone makes mistakes. Having the world watching you must change everything, Keep going Mike! You're only human after all.❤
Hypocrite
This is why I dislike doctors and nurses who are active on social media. They do it for the fame and to feed their egos. Can’t stand them.
Dr Mike, I never normally leave negative comments but this is unacceptable. You have studied medicine for years, you know the science that the general public do not. There is a real anti-mask, anti-science movement that is huge in the US and you may have fuelled their cause resulting in more people getting sick and dying. Also Florida is spiking in cases and over 250k people have lost their lives to this disease so you might have or your friends spread it unknowingly to strangers, maybe the boat cleaners or boat rental company? Also your country doesn't have a single payer healthcare system so if you might have theoretically passed it to someone asymptotically, who may have to choose between bankruptcy and death. Finally put this apology on your main channel where the majority of your viewers watch your content. It is disappointing and it will be a while for you to earn many people's trust back after this mistake.
I will no longer support this channel, it is not because you broke quarantine, it is because you virtue signal with the best. also grow a pear and put this on the main channel.
A human mistake for god sake your a doctor!!! You interview dr fauci ... you wonder why majority of americans don't take you people seriously or this so call pandemic because all of you don't practice what you preach
WASHINGTON, D.C. (November 10, 2020) - The delinquency rate for mortgage loans on one-to-four-unit residential properties decreased to a seasonally adjusted rate of 7.65 percent of all loans outstanding at the end of the third quarter of 2020, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association's (MBA) National Delinquency
Don't be too hard on yourself, you said it : "I am human" !! Everybody makes mistakes but that's ok when you can step back and continue to do your best 😊
you should of took a leaf from Ellen’s book and added in some crocodile tears
post this on your main dont be a coward
Why wouldn’t you post this on your main channel?
I’m not mad.... just disappointed
Complete bullshit. You know covid is super hyped up by fake news like you. Just as fake as your apology. Just be a man and admit that covid is over-sensationalized to sell fake tabloid news and bonus insurance claims.
Oh jog on 😂  rattling of a load of shite. You are meant to be a medical professional you should of known better. (You knew what the right thing to do was from the get go)  Zzzz sob story
He isn't sorry for partying, he's sorry for being caught
He’s only sorry he got caught. I bet you that if those pictures never came out, he wouldn’t have said a single thing on the matter and would have continued on with his “be responsible and keep your social distance” hypocrisy.  I’m sorry Dr Mike, I really don’t buy your act
No one is perfect, or makes choices that they should for themselves or others perfectly all the time. Hindsight is 20/20, and making mistakes is part of life.
I'm disappointed... This just sound like damage control after being caught
Super Spreading Parties are fun, until DR MIKE gets  caught on SOCIAL MEDIA‼️💯😡🤬
I hope you quarantine for two weeks before you see any of your patients, if you plan on seeing anyone in person...
Why didnt you upload your apology to your main channel? A lot fewer people will see your attempt to own up to your mistake. Was that on purpose?
I guess doctors can’t do maths. That’s why they chose medical school in the first place.
I am a subscriber to your main account and didn't hear about this video until I saw a response from someone I'm not even subscribed to. It makes me sad that this isn't posted on your main channel.
i didn't even knew you apologized up until Def Noodles upload his video lol. should have put it in your main.
Saying people are losing their lives and can't see their dying family member while Doctor Mike is off on a yacht having the time of his life is the equivalent of saying "How can you throw that food away??? People are starving in Africa!"
More reasons not to watch this channel.
Now that I’ve been stewing over this I’m disgusted at the hypocrisy especially coming from a medical professional
You're a disgrace. You don't respect or care to protect the vulnerable. Do no harm, remember?
What's wrong Mike, you scared to put  it up on the other channel?
This is so disappointing and I’ve lost respect for Dr. Mike. I know he’s only human and of course  we shouldn’t bully him. I think he’s painfully aware of the stupid decision he made.  But man, this sucks to see.
It's ok, and everybody can make a mistake. The main thing is that you learned from it
Hes sorry he got caught thats why he uploaded this video on here instead of his main channel..disappointed in him im unsubscribing
Yes, he shouldn’t have done it.  BUT we’ve all done something wrong, some of you comment like you haven’t. I know I’m giving the benefit of the doubt. Take a deep breath, know what you would have done differently, then do it in real life.
i'm not even a follower of yours but i wonder why this is on your second channel, rather than your main one. also like selfish and disgusting, you should have known this would happen because you saw it happen before you.
Is everyone really that upset? Like for real? Most people haven’t been following the guidelines anyway. And tbh I don’t really care that he went on a boat party with 15 people and tested negative. Who did he hurt? Conspiracy theorists were already convinced of their truth long before doctor mike did anything...
Homie just wanted to get his wick wet and lost his mind 😂 It happens but he shoulda not made this video or put it on the main channel this is kinda lame.
Oh so only 8 people on a boat right then why id there like 15 of you in your group photo?
I don't care. I don't care what he does. It doesn't effect me, that's his life not mine. Sounds like he took every precautions he could towards a opportunity and he took it. The same precautions people take to work with people or calab on a project but he did it on a boat. I wish everyone on that boat good health and not have any negative effect on the count.
I still don't understand why he is apologizing?  He followed all the guidelines and safety protocols.  It's also important during this pandemic to live your lives!!!!!!   You need to think about your mental health as well as your physical health.  You didn't make a mistake.  It hurts my heart that people and your fans made you feel like you made a mistake.  It's ridiculous. I'm actually upset right now.
My whole family got covid and we've been in quarantine since March lol I feel no sympathy for Dr Mike for wanting to go to a yacht party, really shows the privilege of it all. Tired of this influencers, even the doctors influencers, its all to put up a show, and now he's sorry he got caught. Naahh
He was wrong, I agree. He messed up, I agree. People got upset because of this, I completely understand. I'm also disappointed in his behaviour, that's completely ignorant. But he apologized, and I also understand. Despite some people saying it's not genuine or sth, I mean can you read his mind to say it's not genuine?  What I'm really sad about tho, is that next time he uploads educational medical video, I'm so sure a lot of people are not gonna trust him that much anymore and will keep bringing up this mistake in the comment section despite the fact that the content is still gonna be educational.  Is cancel culture healthy? For me personally, not really. It teaches people that if you make a mistake, you don't deserve forgiveness and second chance, you have to end there just like that. At this point it somehow just feels like this kind of netizens are 'playing God' over someone else's career.
Okay so i watched this apology and found it ABSOLUTELY pathetic....first of all the reason why u wanted to release it through ur 2nd "small" account with 59k subs and not to ur main channel with over 7 mill sub says ALOT...u knew that if u posted it here it will eventually help ur channel grow and gain more subs here since every one will be here fo z drama...and coming to the apology and the way u DIDNOT even regretted AT ALL fo going out is sickening...like THERE IS LITRALLY NO POINT IN JUSTIFYING AND DEFENDING UR ACTION....im sooo sick of u guys livin ur life to da fullest and yet have the AUDACITY to cover upn defend ur messes and try to manipulate the audience thats all lookin up to u...like pack it up and OWN IT!!!!
You are a grifter making the big bucks pretending you care. There is no way you can believe the things you were saying in some.od your videos then go out and party like that. Its a show, I get it, and at least you don't have to pretend it's not a character anymore.
We all appreciate the apology, but you didn't take precautions and you know it   This makes you seem like a complete hypocrite.  As someone who is a frontline worker and looked up to you, I am very disappointed.
WHY ISNT THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL????? We know why.
what an irresponsible doctor.. shameful.
You know but, what about your pacients? That are very vulnerable and you get to seem them in a daily basis putting them at risk, why would your friends invite a doctor? Why is this not on the main channel? I been watching him from a long time now and I was so sad to see those pics
I never wanted to say this but I’m gonna be that person. He’s a doctor, and a respected one at that. He’s clearly not reckless and cares about his patients. If he wants to go to ONE event as take as many precautions as necessary to be safe for himself and his patients, he can. He’s not a horrible person. He didn’t lose all my respect. Did he do something I wouldn’t have done? Yes. But I trust him to use discretion at this point and to do whats necessary for the good of his patients should he choose to do something like this ONCE. I think everyone is over reacting honestly.   While I do wish this apology was on your main channel, the important thing is recognizing your mistake. Take care.
I would like to see him respond to comments with questions just like he is liking comments admiring him...
Okay guys , relax. If he's living alone and they surprised him, it was on a boat away from people. You guys are old enough to think for yourself and understand the facts and risks behind COVID and not be like eeeeh but look what he did, i wanna . I get it you guys, we all want to party and  it sucks but the reality of the matter is, he didnt do anything wrong, based on guidelines. These situations are different, I mean unless you can go out on a boat and party within restrictions, partying isnt an option for us and his intention wasn't to flaunt  it on IG like the Halloween parties Kim K and all went to. He is a healthcare professional ,I can understand the need to blow off some steam during COVID . Point is , everyone slips up, stop railing him, he does a lot of good work , people make mistakes , he is just a human being like the rest of us, presented with an opportunity to party safely, within restrictions ,would you say no?
Please post this on your main channel. As you have shown that important messages needs to be spread to a larger audience
What did he do??
Just like these other “elites” who’ve been caught going against their own demands of other people, you’re only making this video because you got caught. Period. Your apology rungs hollow to those of us who have isolated ourselves to “flatten the curve.”  I have no desire to be forgiving of any of you who think your fun was more important. You deserve the attacks.
As a medical professional this is really disappointing to me.
Lol you’re so full of 💩, why don’t you post this to your channel with 6 million subs? pathetic...
Imagine that, another hypocrite. Moving along ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Unpopular opinion: i really don’t care about this issue. He complied with the legal guidelines, he made a personal choice as to the level of risk which he thought acceptable to himself (as did all other people on that outing), and that doesn’t invalidate all the good quality information which he provides on medical issues. Doctors are humans too, they deserve to decide what level of risk is acceptable to them as long as it is within the legal guidelines.
Why not on the main channel?
Lesson in body language mate. Don’t shake your head “no” every time you try act in agreement with something you claim you’ll do. There was lots of this, but for anyone confused by my comment, specifically when he said ”And I take it, very very seriously” (-2:19) he shook his head no. He nods everytime he’s saying something actually true. Like about there being an “Impact” because that’s true, there definitely was.
Hey Mike! How was Florida? Nice place isn’t it? Don’t trounce on the laurels of the greatest state, Florida!
I think it's okay to decide to go on a trip, knowing your own risk level.  Yes, a person in the public eye is held to a higher standard. But that's the public's projected standard.  And it's not fair. Celebrities, doctors, everyone should be allowed to make decisions others might disagree with. This overdramatic response of "omg he didn't sit at home all year? How should we do the absolute minimum when an other person does something" Makes no sense.  Nothing changed about the arguments and videos prior.
This situation is objectively hilarious! Also why is this not on your main channel? It's the loss of credibility for me.🤷🏾‍♀️ Also why are you acting surprised? You have 6 million followers how do you forget that?
I’m sorry but this apology doesn’t mean anything. You’re a doctor! You’re not some average Joe you know all the risks that are involved. Everything you mentioned in the beginning contradicts all else you’ve said in other videos when it comes to COVID.  Great friends you have that threw that party for you tho. 🙄
Jesus Christ, are you guys tripping on this guy because he was on a boat during a pandemic? What a bunch of babies. Doctor Mike, you shouldn't even apologize.
The class divide is unreal.
I AINT A LOYAL VIEWER I AM A LOYAL HATER OF LIBERALS.
It's ok, you did 100 things good and one thing wrong. you are human.
We all want to live our lives but you have a big responsibility especially since you chose to be a public medical figure giving advice.  Grow up
"I live alone" Bear-(Bark, bark bark) Am I a joke to you?   For real tho thank you for sharing your story regardless of what channel its on
Your human it’s okay
Honestly it's normal we all commit mistakes. It's really hard to  loose the ability to be free and leave the house whenever we want and we all tend to forget about  it sometimes, even though it's the wrong thing. Corona is NOT just A FLU . Trust me i have to live with two  members of my family, right now, who have it . It's not easy to walk or talk properly it's tiring they can't breathe normally. The only people who's gonna know how hard and bad it is are the ones who have been through it or seen the cases.
Me and husband have sacrificed social gatherings with loved ones ever since the start of this pandemic early January. My husband has MS and is immunocompromised so limiting our exposure is crucial. We are so disappointed. Your actions showed hypocrisy in the words you preached to your viewers who looked to you for guidance.
Masks do not work. I have scoured both Cochrane and Pubmed for any primary sources (whether they be RCT's, meta analyses, or systemic reviews) that say that masks reduce the risk of spreading or contracting respiratory viruses like sars covid and influenza. You wanna trust the science? That's the science right there. Stand up for science, not whatever nonsense the elites are pushing.
At the end of the day, we are all human and being human means we will make mistakes. It's the actions that follow those mistakes that set you aside from others.. admitting you messed up/owning it, learning from the situation, forgiving yourself and moving forward in a positive light. Thank you for your honesty and being that role model. Don't be too hard on yourself. Much love. 🖤🙏🏽
As a covid tester and pharmacy technician, who tests people everyday and risks the life of me and my family, who tests people like you who go on fun vacations and travel, I’m disappointed.
You don’t know how upset I am. Me as a critical care nurse see people dying every day, see my patients gasping for air, all those nights holding their hands , trying to keep their spirit strong, all those families who are unable to see their loved ones because of all the guidelines that are imposed in hospitals to protect others, myself got covid and all I did beside pray is worry about how this could affect my family or other in the community and you were half naked on a boat with like 20 people without a mask? Did covid disappear?
You are an amazing human being. Thank you!
Basically what I got was, I was right but I’m “so sorry” I got caught.   As a fellow physician you should be ashamed of yourself.  you created yourself as a public figure so you should be held to a higher level of scrutiny.  because you are getting rich of your publicity. Thank you for making the fight harder. Who knows how many people may die because of your action  “I’m human, I’m sorry, I’ll do better” Cough cough keep giving me money   Ps still waiting for my free scrubs
laura lee’s apology is shaking
Months and months fear mongering. You’re not sorry you partied with a bunch of inflated women on a boat, you’re sorry you got caught. Hypocrite.
You aren’t human you are an alien lol  Girl but for real do better sis. You mess up BIG TIME
Stfu you feeding into their agenda
"What's killing me most right now... Is people leave negative comments" You know what else KILLS PEOPLE, Doc? Maybe try watching some of your own videos back.
Okay.  Dr Mike, you admitted your error and promised to do better.  That's all I really need to know considering this isn't usual behavior for you.  I've made mistakes and it'd be hypocrisy to expect others to not slip up from time to time.  Thank you for owning up and committing to a better future.
ALL I HEAR ARE EXCUSES. Also, why isn't this on your main page?
i’m just gonna say this, if you have the money to rent your own boat because of your wealth, i’m pretty sure that you know who you are gonna put on the boat. that being said, doctor mike was not on a boat with ppl he never seen or people that could potentially have the virus. why would he get on a boat with people who could have it. it just doesn’t seem like him to do so. when you step out the house you are putting yourself at risk as well as your family.
A “sincere” apology would be posted on your main channel, and would not have included all the myriad of excuses. Seems like you are justifying almost everything about the situation. The old I’m sorry, BUT... You just “got caught.” How many other times that you didn’t get caught flouting what you preach, on your much more popular main channel? So tired of all the folks in power and in the public eye being hypocritical. You are too smart to not know this was very wrong before hand. I was one of your followers who thought you were one of my best sources of information this year, so I’m more sad than angry. But I’m left wondering about your real character... This is just “damage control” now. Put this semi apology on your main channel, and I’ll reconsider my new opinion of you.
I’m stumped on so many levels!  I know you probably don’t care about what I think, but I feel so disappointed in you right now, I’m on the brink of unfollowing you. How could you be so hypocritical? You say one thing and do another. Even your apology is conflicting, because you’re attempting to justify your choices, which go completely against what you’ve been preaching all along. On top of that, you choose to post your apology in here, instead of your main channel. That speaks volumes about you.    Frankly, I expected this from others, but not from you. You’ve done a great disservice to your followers, to the health community, and to everybody who’s asking the world to be more socially responsible and put off our own needs until things get better.
Laura Lee's apology was better than this...
Most people couldn’t even be with their families for Thanksgiving meanwhile a DOCTOR gets to fly to FLORIDA and party with a literal BOAT LOAD of people and people are justifying him and giving him a pass? I’m sorry but no. Dr Mike, you’re a hypocrite and selfish for putting your patients at risk like this.
You're good bubba, keep being you
is this guy really making a video to apologize for being outdoors on a boat?   mind blown...
Ppl complaining this isn’t on his main channel but it wouldn’t make a difference, it’s literally on trending
idk what this is about but this guy's body language and way of speaking is fake af... it creeps me out
The best choice I made for my life was when I decided to follow your journey not just for medically tricky questions explanations that you usually facilitate but to learn how to be happy and uncritical because I knew you are the most humble person I never saw on social media. I never judged you and I will never do that.
Wearing a mask while exercising is what crazy people do. Masks don't prevent healthy people from getting viruses. That is what the science says. Don't be a hack. You know better. CDC and WHO have been consistently contradicting themselves throughout this whole year. You're not sorry and you shouldn't be for living your life. Chill out and don't be a paranoid germophobe.
Seriously? If the science mattered you wouldn't have done something that DIRECTLY contradicted it. Ffs the number of youtubers that aren't hypocrites is getting smaller by the day. But keep acting like you're the only one suffering during this pandemic.
Much Respect To The Sexyy Man💪💪stay strong
Why did you not put this on the main channel? If you meant what you said in the video, then spread it through your main channel with many more people. I do think it is ridiculous how much this story has been pushed with you, but putting this on a side channel looks like your trying to hide it. Stay happy and healthy everyone!
You are the person I admire the most. But this was the first time you made me sad. People are saying you should have upload this in your main account , even I m  somewhat agree with them. Sorry to say, but you have so dumb friends. Not they were only risking their lives but yours too. That's so nice of you that you admit your mistake. Hope you'll not do anything like this again. You are the best for me try to be in future too. Keep on be your crazy fan.
Why isn't this on your main account? Shady.
He’s such a hypocrite.
.
Just like every corrupt democrat politician during this scamdemic getting caught because "rules for thee not for me". Please explain how sorry you are for getting caught😂. You know something is fishy when the same ones spreading all this fear aren't worried in the least about catching this. All liars and hypocrites.
Of course you put this on your channel with far less followers LOL
Hiding out on this channel I see, one rule for us and another for you. I would of thought a doctor would lead by example, unless it's vital you shouldn't travel. My mum's in hospital with covid rn, I haven't been able to see her for 12 weeks or any of my family and you go to a party....
Oh ffs
this is nonsense you didn't mess up. you didn't think it was a big risk, and you got caught! you know COVID19 isn't THAT deadly if you're healthy. this is gross watching you bend the knee for the social mob with a fake apology. Infuriating!
If you truly mean your apology you would put it on your main channel.
Honestly defending your choice based on boat capacity really isn’t a defense on being cheek to cheek with people not in your household. Glad you’re apologizing, but not going to lie this is disappointing.
What’s worse going out during Covid or saying the N-word?
All bullshit. You are “apologizing” because you got caught. BYE.
Mike drop the BS. You have been a practacisng doctor for how long know and spent god knows how many years in uni studying, this was not a mistake. You know the test aren't guarantee, you know cloth masks wont stop the spread in a setting like a party(you also wheren't all wearing them all the time), and you knew what the potential fall out from this was going to be. You chose to risk all that bc you wanted to party.   Moreover you cant complain that people are going to use you as a reason to doubt the advice of medical authorities, *because you are a fucking medical authority as a practising doctor*. Bruh you literally pushed urself into the spotlight as someone who people should listen to for medical advice.  Finally im a 23 year old at uni who loves to party, im generally against lockdowns bc i think damage outweighs the risk and even I accept that partying like that is not going to be possible for a long while now. If you want to gain some actual forgiveness drop the BS mike admit you made a judgement call and put this on ur main channel.
This is really disappointing. You have like 50 videos on your main channels about covid. I distinctly remember a videos where some one asked something like "can I have a small party and we stay 6ft apart" and he said "it's a hard no." And he's said we should "bring 2 face coverings to go swimming", and now saying we need a more nuanced approach. I'm glad he took some responsibility, but I don't like the excuses or that he's not addressing it to his main audience.
This covid-19 pandemic BS has turned Americans and people around the world into the weakest human beings that have ever lived.   It's truly disgusting to see such pathetic weak cowardly people. They are going to spend the rest of their life afraid to live.
How exactly did he “mess up”?
For all the complainers...this is #9 on Trending.  People are seeing it.  Listen to the message.  Acknowledge that it is an apology.  Yes, we are all tired of this.  So, Dr. Mike, I accept your apology. I hope you and your family are safe and well.
Do the rental women come with the boat rental?
Dr mike you are a good doctor and a good person. Humans make mistakes so let's hope people won't be quick to judge and put down others. Learn from the mistakes and practice forgiveness people.
Ok guys but like chill? He does SO MUCH GOOD STUFF E V E R Y D A Y. I'm sure a lot of you slipped off, too. Like he said, he is human. This is NOT an excuse at all but honestly, a lot of you aren't saints, too. So don't put all your frustration, anger and fake "disappointment" on him.
Put this on your main channel, not here
Dude, you are also human not a mindless robot. This pandemic has gone on so long with very little light at the end, that I think all of us has at least once broke protocol for our own sanity.  I hope you really enjoyed yourself and it recharged your mental health.  I for one accept your apology and fully understand.  Now if you make a habit of flaunting safety protocols then I might start to get pissed.  But a one off is mo biggie.  Plus, I broke protocol on friday myself.  Went out to eat for first time since March.  The restaurant wasnt adhearingbto 50% capacity but we stayed anyways.  I just needed it, so we took the risk.
Soooo I don't think any person hasn't done at least one social thing in this entire year and if they havent they don't understand risk vs benefit. Unless they're one of the high risk people. You are young and healthy and weren't putting anyone else at risk. You haven't been "preaching" that you have to stay home and can't have fun. You've been telling people to be cautious and to follow the risk vs benefit thought that best fits their lives. Which is exactly what you did. Screw all of the people saying what you did was wrong. You (along with most people) deserve to have one gathering with your friends and family, as long as you take proper precautions, which it seems like you did.
Rules for thee but not for me.  This was just as cringe as Ellen's apology.
BUSTED!!!!
Yet another influencer PR apology 🙄.  Nothing to see here folks. Next!
To anyone who feels disrespected because he got on a boat on his birthday during the pandemic, are you upset because you feel it's not allowed or that no one should do anything just because? You may be home and quarantining but that doesn't mean you can't do something once taking the right precautions. And if your in a area with alot of cases then don't do it or take the risk. Let people be people tho, and no it's not always just the rich who get to do this.
What exactly happened? Besides the boat trip? I'm confused
Honestly I am never gonna look at you the same. I lost all respect for you.
The thing is  you are an influencer and a doctor. how could you not know ahead of time that what you were doing is against everything you’re preaching. The big deal about it is that people that don’t believe Covid  is real will use this to strengthen their side. I also don’t hear you mention all those other people you were with. before you decided to stay that close with them you questions their whereabouts? Of course I believe anyone can make a mistake even an influencer but your message may cause really big damage.
You can take the Doctor out of Florida, but you can’t take the Florida out of the Doctor 🙄🤦🏻‍♂️
"rarely a one size fits all answer." But is willing to push a one size fits all tyrannical practice of locking people up in their homes and forcing them to wear masks everywhere they go. Practice what you preach, you POS.
"I followed all the guidelines"  So, what's the problem? People need to chill tf out.
Ok ppl chill. you all just need to chill a bit. No one is without a fault xP no one is perfect .....
this needs to be put on your main account. something tells me you aren't putting it there because you don't want more people to find out. you really fucked up this time, friend.
Covid isnt something worth closing down. Shut up ya fake doctor
LOL JUST CAME HERE FOR THE OBLIGITORY. THEY DO IT EVERY TIME!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA
Dr. Mike thank you so much for exposing yourself as the sham that you are. You're only sorry because you got caught. Pretending that you made this innocent "mistake," only further exemplifies just how much of a sham your whole persona is. You knew full well what you were doing, if you hadn't been exposed as a hypocrite, your guilt would have been minimal at best.  Just like Nancy Pelosi and Gavin Newsome from California, you guys always try to tell everybody else what to do while trying to hide behind the veil of compassion and empathy. You guys are charlatans and should just go away. Shame on you. Please go back to partying with your friends.
Guys lets be real: Mike is apologizing because he got caught. He "learned his lesson" because of the backlash. His team released statements afterwards saying that all proper guidelines were followed (which they weren't) but now there seems to be a reversal and he 'made a mistake'. When you're a doctor and are preaching for everyone to follow guidelines and don't follow them yourself, why would anyone believe what you say now? And wow, what privilege to be invited on a private boat by your rich friends. Seems like its always the wealthy that 1) break the rules, 2) give phony apologies afterwards and 3) play the victim after they start to receive hate.   When you make a mistake, own up to it right away and don't try to have your team save face for you.
Ugh
Sitting on a boat isn’t a water activity. You had 15 people on a boat not social distancing. You could have put a mask on for that photo. You cite the CDC guidelines as if you planned to follow them and then didn’t. I’ve lost a lot of respect for you.
What a slap in the face. I haven’t left my home in months and haven’t seen my family in the equal amount of time. You’re a doctor and behaving this way? All your credibility just thrown out the fucking window. The rich really are immune.
Quit giving us excuses for why you did it. You're clearly not one of the everyday people that have to abide by these authoritarian rules. You stand on that elevated platform and turn your back on the everyday people who are hurt most by these lock downs. While you're accepting that you fucked up, you're putting this on a different channel and I'm not buying it 100% but thats just me. You really did let people down dr mike.
Rule number 1 when doing something illegal or stupid NO recording devices allow
How come this isn't on the main YouTube account
Practice what you preach !
I'm sorry but it's too late to ask others not to attack health professionals. They're going to do it because you've been extensively talking about how we should take this virus seriously and then did not abide by the guidelines you asked others to follow. (A la Gavin Newsom) And why in the world would you post this video to a sub channel with 58k followers and not to the main channel where your 6.5 Million subscribers might actually see it? If you had posted this to your main channel I might have believed your apology was sincere. But since you've posted it to this far less popular channel, it's clearly just a PR move to minimize the backlash. You've lost someone who actually thought you were a voice for reason.
Liar.
so tired of following strict guidelines in Singapore where we had 0 community cases for 15 consecutive days while so many around the world still refuse to believe in masks or even Covid-19 itself
wearing a mask is literally the bare minimum lmaooooo don’t act like you wearing a mask when out is some AMAZING thing, so sad
Why are people still not allowed to do things. You shouldn't be used that way. I feel bad that he is no longer allowed to do fun things even following precautions, and yet still getting used for any gain for an agenda. Let people rule their own lives. Sorry your life is under the microscope, I guess that's how all the best people get drained.
Lost all respect for you, can no long trust you and this is a bs apology BTW 🖕🏼👋🏼
The people in this comment section is why many people including myself left the Democratic Party this year. Liberals are absolutely ridiculous. We all stayed home the first half of the year and you not seeing your family members because they are high risk doesn’t mean everybody else who is low risk shouldn’t have a life. For those saying he had over maximum capacity didn’t feel like reading the rest which is “50 percent of the rated capacity whichever is greater”. And he followed proper quarantine and testing protocols when he came back. You are allowed to have a life if you follow protocol. Nothing to do with being rich or whatever. Your envy of people with higher incomes is a little bit disturbing. You guys always find ways to complain about the rich and try to mask it as empathy. Like get tf out of here
LOL! You, and all the politicians are hypocrites. You're just sad that you got caught.
People like you have been telling everyone to stay safe and then you go and dive into a crowd of people in Miami when some of us haven’t seen friends or loved ones in nine fucking months. This apology is bullshit, put it on your main channel if you’re that sorry.
He's a doctor from New York. He needed a little break, chill out cancel culture.
You've been preaching for months about social distancing, not travelling and not partying, yet somehow that doesn't apply to you when you want to have a good time. You only apologize now because you got caught, if you hadn't I'm sure you would be on your main channel telling us to keep social distancing from our friends and others. Just a reminder you took the hippocratic oath not the hypocrite oath, seems like you forgot.
Like any scumbag, they are only sorry when they get caught...This clown is no different...
im super disappointed in you and the people simping in the comments and defending him are the reason america has the most cases rn. glad i dont belong to a country filled with such morons. my sympathies to all americans who are actually bring responsible rn.
I don’t think everyone can be good 100% of the time, and I don’t think that’s a fair standard for any living being. For a large influencer, of course they are going to get widely criticized, but seeing the large increase of cases, one can see that normal everyday people don’t follow the precautions at all. I see how it’s easy to point a finger and make yourself seem morally better but if you forgive, you can benefit much more. Also it’s a large probability that at least half of us have broken the guidelines once or twice just out of fatigue.
Notice how all the important people support him and those who don't are nobodies.
I mean, props to you for getting into the ranks of top tier disingenuous Influencer apologies. Ps. BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO👎👎👎
*I hope you had a NICE birthday Dr Mike*
😐so disappointing. And the types of "ladies" on the boat. I thought he was one of the nice guys.
Just admit you only think poor people should have to follow the rules... we know where you stand mike, it’s fine.
Dude you really know how to dissapoint
He's obviously really sorry he got caught.
You're human
This should be on your main channel rather than trying to hide it here.
So this is basically just you saying “I followed the rules, just not the same rules I tell everyone else to follow”. It must be nice being rich and having less rules.
What kind of friends you have if they think renting a boat and going to party during a pandemic is normal?
Blah blah blah. You feel bad because you got caught. Now you wanna gas light your fans and turn this so you look like a martyr. Boohoo I made the cdc look bad, look at my crocodile tears. Shut up.
Most comments are about how upset we still are and you’re going through and only liking the comments from those with blue checks that forgive you. It’s clear how you feel.
🤣🤣🤣
ALL THE DRS DEFENDING THIS MAN NEED TO HAVE A LOOK AT THEIR CODE OF ETHICS AGAIN
Such a jew.
I don’t think you’re being honest, just own it and admit you went out and had a good time and you don’t feel guilty about it... because if getting caught is what makes you feel guilty then... pathetic.
Basically a non-apology filled with lies and it’s not even on your main channel. How typical of a YouTuber 🙄
Kind of irrelevant comment and not defending him but this video is totally on trending and doesn't need to be on his main channel plenty of people will see this TRUST.   I know nothing about the man and I don't follow him and still know he screwed up so you all can relax you will get your retribution.
Oh yes, he pulled the classic Gavin Newsom. You would expect this type of behavior out of corrupt and sleazy politicians, not educated doctors. Do as I say but not as I do. A classic elitist telling people to do something and looking down on others, disgusting.
Did he like spread covid or something cuz I don't see the big deal here
I think the party was a great idea! You should only be sorry that you feel the need or HAVE TO apologize. I hope you sleep great knowing you're spreading propaganda!
I feel so sorry for you... My heart goes out to you. Thank you, for correcting your values and being such a role model. You're such a great person. You are so awesome. You are the guider of my morales. Thank you for not being a hypocrite.. I Know you are being honest and not trying to save face. I don't care what anyone thinks. You are a Doctor. They should listen to you no matter how you act.
I wouldnt care if your actions were in line with what you are telling others they should do.  I doubt this is the first time you've done something similar.  Just the first time you were caught.
Honestly there’s nothing you could say that could make it right. It was extremely disrespectful and selfish. All you needed to say was “I was wrong. I am selfish. I am sorry.” But you felt the need to explain it. There’s no explanation that makes sense other than you were wrong and selfish.
Sounds like a fun trip dude, it’s pretty pathetic that you’re apologizing for it.
Lmao you hypocrite
Don’t tell us to do something when you can’t do it either.
No need to apologize. It sounds like it’s more important to you to stick by your “message” so as to not seem like a hypocrite instead of changed your message to fit more of a middle ground. It’s not either or. It’s not “COVID is the most important and scary thing” and it’s not “COVID shouldn’t be worried about at all.” There is a middle ground.
Your friends surprised you with a birthday party and you still went along so willingly? You’re a doctor. You probably have to tell people the worst news they’ll ever hear (“you have cancer”, “you’re not gonna make it”, “I’m sorry but they passed away”, etc.) but you couldn’t possibly tell your friends that this wasn’t a good idea bc they did something nice and you wanted to celebrate your birthday?! Nah, man. This was on you. You’re the medical professional, act like one.
None of what u said explains how none of y’all were wearing masks🤔
Are you ashamed of yourself? Are you embarRAHZZED? This is really embarRAHZZing.
every hour that passes in which this video is NOT posted on your main channel, I get more and more ANGRY. POST THIS VIDEO TO YOUR 6+ MILLION SUBS NOT TO 58K PEOPLE ON YOUR CLIPS CHANNEL! this is ridiculous. I thought your apology was well done, but the fact you are trying to hide it from your main channel is flat out wrong and you have to know this.
“Then if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, I will hear from heaven and will forgive their sins and restore their land.” (2 Chronicles 7:14)  I am praying for you, Dr. Mike.
Huge respect for you for making this video. Also... #9 on trending wooooo!!
Remember flatten the curve? and don't wear masks, they don't work? yeah that was you dummies. Learning is allowed.
There is no reason to apologize for listening to your individual risk calculator.
This is some hypocritical BS. First listing all the reasons why you were supposedly responsible and completely justified doing what you did (some of which I'm pretty sure are just lies), and then saying you messed up? So which one is it? Sounds like a variation of the narcissist's prayer to me: "I didn't do anything wrong. If I did something wrong, I had good reason. If I didn't have good reason,... etc. etc...." So sick of the "Do as I say, not as I do". And not posting this on your main channel? Not a good look either! My depression has really taken a turn for the worse, not least because I've taken social distancing seriously from the start - so thanks a bunch for completely invalidating responsible and high-risk people.
Alright y’all let’s not unleash our pent up frustration on this man...he made a bad decision...the main point still stands that we’re going to have to be patient and keep doing our best.
No n1twit, your mistake was not fratboying on a boat, it's your mindless message of oppression that you obviously don't believe. Your mistake was not thinking, young dumb arrogant presumption that the id1ot medical community can do no wrong, despite minor mistakes like getting the initial fatality rate in asia wrong by more than a factor 1000.
What exactly did he say before?
Why ain't this on your main channel? Coward much?
You’re making yourself look worse by not posting this on your main account. You’re not sorry. You’re sorry you got caught.
This is so phony
you uploading this on your clips channel with 58k subs as opposed to your main channel w 6.5 million subs speaks volumes to me.
Bye bye
I’m so incredibly disappointed in you. You knew all of this before you did the trip. It’s not “I messed up” it’s “I knowingly went against my own advice because I wanted to and didn’t think you would find out about it.”   Not enough.
Hippocratic oath much?
So who got pictures of Dr. Mike on the boat?
It doesn’t matter what happens you are a human and you can learn from mistakes and you can keep on trying but for now your still the smartest person I know so far in this pandemic and everybody who judges you are wrong it’s not like they didn’t go out with a friend at all this pandemic
As wrong as his actions were, I don’t believe that every single person dog piling him hasn’t already done something  they shouldn’t have during this pandemic. He was wrong, he should put this apology on his main channel, but nobody should be acting like they are better than everybody else.
Okay but why not upload this to your main channel? I looked up to you. This is just excuses. You only realized this was a mistake because people found out. You are a doctor. You knew all the risks. You knew what you were doing. Dr. Mike i don’t know you in person and I know all of this doesn’t matter to you, but I’m so disappointed. You were like an idol to me.
You weren't wrong for hanging out with your friend on your birthday. Enjoy life. Where you went wrong was when you decided to make a living selling fear to people. When you clearly don't fear it yourself.  You've abandoned your oath as a Dr. You're reducing ppls quality of life while not following the rules you prescribe. You're abusing your power and should lose your licence *spit*
Should have left out all the excuses from the beginning of your statement.  Just say you were wrong not state your reasons supporting the hypocrisy
Very disappointed Doctor Mike. It's almost like you know how non threatening COV ID is for the majority of people, yet you fear monger anyway, while going on private boat parties. WOW. This is a HUGE slap in the face for all of us staying home for birthday's and funerals
Mike we all make mistakes but I feel you at least did your research before you did travel, so many people don't. Happy late birthday too!
My parents followed all the stupid rules. All of them . I haven't seen them in almost a year! All birthdays missed holidays forgotten....and people like you still managed to get covid to them. My parents are sick after following every rule and guideline and here you sit on a boat in Miami. Shame on you for trying to explain it away and shame on you for posting this on your second channel.
Stop saying sorry for living.
Don't be down brother. We all had moments of our own. We can all look past this. We love you much more than this
You're guidelines are a farce. Just like corrupt politicians who order us to stay home while they're out having dinner without masks and over the limit of people. People won't stand for this, the time has come for civil disobedience.
This is so disappointing to hear about man, you should be encouraging others to stay home, I haven't left the house to see my family in months, and you are an actual doctor, flying over to Miami and having a boat party, it's just insane man. Also this 100% should of been on the main channel
You are sorry because you got caught. Otherwise we would not even hear the story.
He’s goonna get away with this simply because he’s a white man with an average look. Next.
I'm not mad. I'm just disappointed. I even showed the video you had made earlier to people who were trying to quote plan-demic to disprove the virus. People look up to you and your medical advice. You of all people should have known better. Especially now when covid denial is at an all time high and people are literally not giving an eff about guidelines. Saying sorry won't erase your actions or remove them from the ammunition depot of the covid deniers. This was a real dumbass move. I'm sorry but that's what it is. Also why is this not on your main channel that has more subs and views? Surely your apology and calls to take covid seriously deserve a wider audience.   That being said, everyone messes up. I guess the only thing one can do somewhat address the situation is to apologize and do better going forward. Happy Thanksgiving
It’s amazing to see rich ppl still continue to live their lives and have fun meanwhile I’m struggling in school cuz I can’t actually attend my first year of college in person, family is struggling with bills because of work, can’t leave the house because I care to not possibly expose my little brother or grandmother
Wait why is he apologizing I don’t get it
if you post this on your main channel i might consider forgiving you but if you don't is a no for me
Lmao the reason you're saying this is cuz you got exposed because of some idiot friends. And your team initially tried denying anything wrong was done. I agree with rest of the folks this should go on main channel
I don't even think you should have apologized. But that's media for ya, so it's a good thing you did. Go Mike!
I'm not even considering accepting this "apology" until it's on your main account
Does this guy also give everyone else “narcissist vibes”? I feel like there’s a lot of attention seeking going on here.
Much respect to you for admitting you were wrong. But I think this video should be on your main channel so it can reach more of your viewers and those who may be using your recent actions to spread more misinformation.
Main channel
Ok you’re forgiven. Please try not to do it again. Go hug Bear.
Upload this on your main channel. YOU KILLED GRANDPA AND GRANDMA!!!
I literally lost respect for you
Bad act by a lying puppet. Most of us aren't dumb, we see you and what all of you are doing.
In order for this apology to have been taken seriously, 1) it shouldn’t take an introduction of going nearly one minute before the words “I messed up” occur, 2) this video is not his main channel, 3) he purportedly followed CDC guidelines, but in the included graphic it said there should be no more than 10 people on the boat. In the said picture, there are more than 10 people (in fact, closer to twenty). So, yeah...his credibility is shot and for all the doctors who are coming to support him publicly, why would any reasonable person look to trust your guidance as well when clearly this was not a case of “messing up.” He took a risk, got caught, and is now being raked over the coals of public scrutiny. This is as half-assed an apology I’ve ever seen and if he truly cared about his celebrity, he should have sought a better publicist (or fire the one who thought this apology was sincere).
You can like as many as theses YouTube doctors and nurses responses as you want but you are completely WRONG. I have asthma and a weak immune system and I have been quarantining SINCE FEBRUARY with the exception of school and seeing patients. Putting this on this channel was deliberately thought of because you wanted even less potential exposure or this situation and you wanted to put something out so you can say “I apologized”. I’m so freaking disappointed in you man I had to unfollow you. I can listen to a another hypocrite.
Dr. Mike, I love you and your personality. You are humble, funny, and a brilliant doctor. Your only mistake is that you are human, that is all. All these people being butt hurt about you being on a boat. In reality, so what!! Anyone one of us would have done the same. Let's face it, you had good friends who had good intentions who obviously wanted a separated small isolated thing for your late birthday. Is it wrong to let a doctor who has been making a difference celebrate his birthday? It's the man's birthday for crying out loud and he thought of the world before he even celebrated it. That's how good hearted this Doctor is.   So Dr. Mike. You have reached the realm where your actions now impact the world around you. Sometimes the world is going to feel wonderful and sometimes it's going to feel like nails. Just remember, at the end of it all, you're human and that it's okay to feel how you feel, to have time for yourself and your loved ones, because these ungrateful people here aren't the ones going to be by your bedside when you die.
Guys, you all just don't understand!!!.... He's rich and more important than all of you so the rules don't apply to him! It doesn't matter that his own words throughout many, many videos told him not to do the very things that he did,... because those instructions only applied to people that don't have the means to get what they want! He is on a different level as a doctor and therefore shouldn't have to be held accountable! Why would being a doctor and therefore a person that other people put their trust into and lives into the hands of, mean that he should be held to a HIGHER standard????   In fact, him putting out this video on his second channel, that has far less subscribers, to not apologize for being a hypocrite and putting people in danger because of his actions, but apologize for the bad image that it creates because he got exposed is far more of an apology than he should have to give and more than any of you lower class people deserve!!!   This isn't about how many people could be at risk or die because of the actions of him and everyone that he partied with!!! The possibility of deaths aren't as important as the much needed break from reality and fun that the very rich doctor with tons of privilege deserves to have!!!! But don't get it twisted, this only applies to him!!! No one else!!!! Because as long as he is the only one allowed to break the rules, there shouldn't be thaaaat much danger.  I, for one, am Extremely happy with this apology (that was completely unnecessary because he did nothing wrong) Especially knowing that it was made retroactively after his lawyer put out a statement that was a blatant lie and then the doctor made a post defending his actions saying that he followed all of the guidelines and did nothing wrong. Because it shows just how sincere and apologetic he truly is after he was caught and criticized.  I stand with doctor Mike!!!. . . . Within 6 feet and without a mask! Can I get more than 10 other people to stand with me????
I'm listening. We should all take this as a lesson. Stay safe everyone.
why not post this in your main channel???
Sir I like your work and mistakes are made by humans so...  It's okay ... It's good that You apologizing for that.🙂
The fact that you’re publicly owning your mistakes and being so transparent and vulnerable says a lot about you, Doc. 🤍
I realize that this is a serious video but the whole video I was looking at his hair. The whole time... like why is it so black? did he dye it? Is it natural? I want answers.      Also thank you for this message and knowing that you made a mistake I really appreciate it and so do your fans. 💖
Is this guy actually a DOCTOR who has actual patients?  What a joke!
This guy is a puss. He has one set of rules for him and one for you. He knows that your chances of dying from Covid is low but wants to lecture you like the rest of the woke left.
You're fine. May be a tad hypocritical, but we all have lives to lead and can't live in fear and panick forever.
LMAO
why not post it on you main channel??you have around 5 million followers in there. .why here?? very disappointed on you dr. mike
trash
All I’m hearing are excuses and it’s sad. You know what you did. You know you don’t care. So, just stand in your sh!t and be the real prick that you are lol Because this apology is bullish!t .
Bruh Cancel Culture is wack, you’ll tear someone down for one thing, like dude he knows what he did wrong, he admitted it in one of the most genuine youtube apology videos, but is nobody going to talk about the stupid tiktokers throwing parties and going out even when it’s ILLEGAL, and y’all decide to go in on him. I’m not defending him, but y’all really need to get your priorities in order.
It begs the question if you are a real doctor, and if that is the case how can a doctor not follow such simple guidelines?
The amount of hoops some people are going through to classify this as a “mistake”, whew.   Put this on your main channel and all over your social media, doc. This is all so disappointing, to say the least.
DUDE WHY WOULD YOU POST THIS ON UR SECOND CHANNEL??   That is not taking full accountability. You’ve posted and monetized so many covid videos, you need to post this on your main channel.  Also how tf does someone accidentally end up partying on a boat?? a surprise?  ...Seems  pretty sus 👀
You are a beautiful person. Thank you for being so amazing🤗
I don't think I can express how much disappointment I felt when I saw those pictures. I thought it was photoshop at first.
The more I watch doctor mike the more he started to rub me the wrong way and I couldn’t figure out why.  Then I realised that he’s kind of a major narcissist with health as a side message. He was definitely the kid in school/work who “appears” to have it all but it’s all for show and he’s really just a fake person. Truth is he’s selfish and cares more about how he comes across than actual health consequences.
Nah. You've lost all credibility.
People or all sides and all different opinions are being attacked to promote their biased agenda. We, the citizens and people, are just sick of being babysitted while our so called leaders do the exact opposite. You have nothing to apologize for, you were just living your life.
How dare you, you massive hypocrite! Shame on you! A DOCTOR in the country with the highest population of covid-19 deniers.  This apology is shallow and worthless. TAKE REAL ACCOUNT, post this on your main channel. ADMIT you should never have done this.  Congratulations DR. Mike you are a true member of the social media society that takes zero responsibility, is part of the problem of lies and deceit, yet gains in popularity and material wealth. You have brought your self down to the level of Trish Paytas. Once again congrats "doctor". Happy Fucking Birthday.
This is for everyone who is criticising Dr mike, there are many, many people who have broken the rules. In England, where I live, schools are still open. There is no way of social distancing in schools. Teachers don't let us wear masks in class. We're breaking the law. We're putting others in danger. Cases have gone higher even in lockdown. Many people have gotten cases in my school. Dr mike made a mistake. Who hasn't? Just because he made a mistake does not mean everyone will make the same one. NO ONE IS PERFECT! gosh! Leave him alone, jeez.
Don't be too hard on yourself Doc. You are more conscientious and careful than other people. I will still watch because a person who can admit they were wrong is a good person.
Why would u post this in your smaller channel and not your main? That fishy doc. Very disappointed
The calculated move of NOT posting this to his main channel does it for me lmao. much like pilots and cops, doctors don't get to just make mistakes. Especially during a pandemic. Imagine I'm flying on a plane, we crash. No one dies, there are some broken limbs here and there but overall it was traumatic. The pilot is like oops, sorry y'all, I celebrated my bday last night and got drunk as hell. BUT I'M OnLY HUmaN.  It would be different if you weren't constantly preaching to not do this. Although tiktokers are irritating me with their parties and their apologies have included their age is an excuse, their age is a FACTOR. Their brains are not fully developed. They have time to learn and grow. You're grown dr mike lol.
Uno reverse. He didn't want to get his mask wet and the cdc agrees with him. Lol
That's the problem with this whole thing. Compliance. All these guidelines are all well and good, but our compliance as a society is abysmal. It's almost like healthcare officials have to recommend _more_ than what is needed so people will do what is needed. I still can't get over how we're supposedly still supposed to be "social distancing" but you see people going out with their friends all the time, hugging, cramming into vehicles together, going to shows together. Healthcare workers included. Not only that, it is socially accepted as long as masks are worn. One hand doesn't work with the other. We tell people to "social distance" while many leisure activities that are open make it impossible. There are so many exceptions to these rules, and then we are surprised when people don't comply. I haven't seen _anyone_ outside my bubble in a social setting since this started except for two times a friend had to give me a ride to pick up my vehicle from the shop. If everyone had done that, which is what I thought we were _supposed_ to be doing, then this wouldn't be a problem. I can't wear a mask due pulmonary damage. I get stares and glares all the time. The mask is symbolic. It is only one part of a litany of guidance few of us are following. DON'T GO OUT WITH YOUR FRIENDS, whether masks are involved or not. If that's not still the guidance, they should stop saying social distancing, because it is getting annoying if it means nothing
Dear Dr. Mike I have a question. I‘m 25 years old, female and on the autistic spectrum. I also got diagnosed with Crohn‘s Disease 10 years ago. So far I had 8 surgeries, removal of some parts of my bowel, small intestines (terminales ileum) sorry I‘m not a native English speaker. I always had complications like fistulas and abscesses. Medication for remission isn‘t working. I tried azathioprin, 6-mercaptopurine, adalimumab, infliximab, steroids (which I can‘t take when I have abscesses). So now my question is: Why is the treatment failing? I can‘t have many more operations before I need a ostomy bag. And are there any known correlations between autism and crohn‘s disease? Because I sometimes see a change in my social skills and habits before I am having another inflammation.
I’m confused as to why he didn’t upload this to his main channel in which more than 6M follow.
Dr. Mike was partying with his buddies. Next time keep it safe. We forgive you.
Don't give into cancel culture and the false narrative of the virus. If you are taking precautions to protect vulnerable populations, who cares what you do?
anyways let’s find a real doctor
You’re a sellout.
Fake AF
I’ve always know this dude was a joke, but this just proves it. He isn’t sorry, sorry he got caught.
As someone who recently spent her own birthday alone at home thanks to the second wave...FFS! The worst thing about this whole incident is that you're not setting a good example, not only as a person, but even more so as a doctor. Social media and the fame has a hold on you. Disappointing to people who looked up to you and relied on your expertise.  Досвидания, я просто не могу больше смотреть :(
You are human, and I can see that this was a mistake.   But I can't say that I'm not disappointed. If anyone else made this mistake it wouldn't be as big of a deal, but your role as a doctor and influencer, as someone to uphold public trust, means that this seems quite serious. I hope you realise the severity of it as a medical professional. It is quite disheartening as a medical student myself to see someone I look up to act so irresponsibly.  I really hope that you can learn from this like you say and keep making educational and entertaining content, whilst never forgetting your responsibility. I look forward to it. Thanks
Covid really just isn’t that deep don’t act like a sheep
You're literally a doctor, the lowest is what. Second, why isn't this in your main channel?
I respect that you recognized your mistake, a lot of people are too arrogant. You should post something about this on your main channel with a larger number of followers.
stop saying he should post this on his main channel. Who are you to judge? He apoligized and you can tell he really thought about what happened. No matter where he posted it.. he did adress it and that was brave enough. He doesn't owe people anything so let's all just stick together and try to overcome this pandemic instead od pointing fingers.
Sorry but if this apology was genuine you would’ve posted it on your MAIN channel!
The disappointments in 2020 keep going strong... first, Gavin newsom and now DR. Mike. 😒
It just goes to show, even a doctor who is an influencer is still just an influencer at the end of the day.
Do as I say not as I do right dr.Mike, rules for thee but not for me right dr.hypocrite. And now the fake apology because you got caught.
A true doctor.
Let the man live and focus on your individual health........ Wash your hands and wear masks.
Time and time again it's been shown that when the cameras go off those advocating for lockdowns and the destruction of people's lives, do not believe what they are saying and that is proven by them having no problem going out to eat with no mask and multiple people, breaking there own travel rules, getting a hair cut, going into a crowd of thousands with no mask, flying to pop champaign with Joe Biden, it goes on and on.
This is just so condescending... Watching a flippin doctor having a party.. This just doesn't sit right with me
Lol who would have guessed dr mike would get cancelled. 2020 really be something
I missed my 20th birthday but go off...
I’m disappointed but I’m not surprised but the way you went about it to apologize in your SECOND channel, really makes me see you in a different light. To be clear this isn’t a hate comment but just my thoughts on the matter.  Stay safe Doc
Ugh after the 50+ covid videos you've done (and profited off) you still don't get it? It's honestly really disgusting to see, plenty of people who are not as rich as you are have been following the advice with no problem. Many people haven't even seen their loved ones since March. Get your head out of your hole and maybe do this on your main channel that has 6.5m????
Coward, nothing more, nothing less.
Your shirt is see through
ok you apologized on this channel which only has 58k followers, so why not add this video onto your other channel which can reach your 6.5 mil followers? And besides testing negative and then going out to party does not mean you couldn't have caught Covid between testing and getting on that boat.
Best year ever
Don't be shy, post this on your main chanel if you want a real response
You’re right. Extremely disappointed. Total hypocrites. Always different sets of rules for different classes. Thanks for apologizing but it’s people like you endangering this nation. Glad you are reflecting. The dead thank you.
🎶you gon' lose your job!🎶
Lmfaaaaaao not you posting this on your small channel the desperation....You’re big a** joke.
Making a half-assed apology, playing the victim, and blaming others for pointing out your hypocrisy. Yeah, I see why it's not on the main channel. Try again.
Post this on Your Main Channel please it looks bad
Vulnerability at its finest!!   Thank you for being a great example of not just a person owning his mistakes, but a man who is willing to look in the mirror and alter your course to help get you back on track. We will ALWAYS make mistakes no doubt, it's how we learn from them and move forward. Mad respect Dr. Mike!! \m/
For a doctors who meeting high risk patients, what do you mean you don't risk anyone? You're not a god, there's no way to know you're not infected in any way. As a medical practitioner, you should know better than ANYONE ELSE. tbh how much your actions cause people to doubt other medical professionals who fight in the frontline. Its just so disappointing.
This should really be on your main channel and the fact it’s not undermines the sentiment you’re trying to present :///
I understand people are disappointed, but y’all gotta keep in mind he’s human, and he’s doing the most he can to keep everyone updated and entertained during this pandemic. A lot of celebrities have parties and stuff and nobody says a thing. Yes he made a mistake but guess what... you all do everyday too. He apologized, I think it’s time to see the lesson here instead of blaming people.
...just wow...you had 15 ppl on that boat..no masks....you only worried about yourself...you said you went to see your dad so you went and partied then went back to you dad.... then went on a plane... so it was not just a few people. Its sad to see you do this and hide on your smaller channel...
i genuinely hope you lose your job.
You’re so embarrassing lmao retire
All the pearl clutchers in the comment section act like they haven’t seen any friends since march.
Lapse of judgement? Where have I heard that one before?
Dr. Mike, you sir, are a harmful contradiction. If the intent of your video is to maximize compliance with COVID guidelines then it seems to straightforwardly follow that you ought to post this cry for COVID guideline compliance to your main channel, not, your secondary channel which has 1/110th the subscriber base. Clearly, compliance with COVID protocols isn't your paramount priority. Rather, it's minimizing the blow to your reputation which you believe is sufficiently achieved by making an apology, but simultaneously not posting said apology to your main channel. Nefarious to say the least.
upload this to your main channel
Thanks for the apology. But seriously hope that people don't end up getting sick because they took the wrong message from your actions.
I mean, I’m not condoning his actions because what he did was insensitive, ignorant, and disrespectful to those who followed guidelines, and not only to those who follow guidelines but those who are, or were, personally effected by COVID-19. But whenever people ask for an apology and get it, they call it an excuse. Which doesn’t really make that much sense but anyways. At this point, even if you believe that apology or not, the most important factor to realize is if he will take those “negative comments” and apply them to his everyday life during this pandemic. We need to focus on if he will clean up his act, not if his apology is believe able or not. Cause he could cry and sob and it could all be a facade. The greatest apology he could give us is changing his actions and consider the wellbeing of not only himself, but the wellbeing of others.
Just another lying phony.....Another wanna be.....lack morals and values--Liberalism derangement....
Disappointing to see from someone who was so vocal against people going out during this pandemic.  It’s a slap in the face. My sister in law, who is a nurse, is tired as well but she still follows the guidelines. The sad thing is, it just showcases much more how those with privilege only care for themselves.
Dr.Mike this is a learning experience, so many people look up to you, that itself is a God given gift that when you talk people listen.
You're a joke
I love you and I believe you're being sincere however I'm still very disappointed and I do have to point out that when laying it all out at the beginning of the video... all of it sounded like a bunch of excuses (you do know better!) and though it seems like you've understood their invalidity others will still see those as valid so I'm just going to list here a few things I want others to consider: - Wearing a mask at all times when around others is a must, if for some extraordinary reason you can't wear a mask (and there are almost none!) then keeping a safe distance is a must. - We wear masks and socially distance mostly to protect the vulnerable... this whole concept of "I'm low risk so it's cool" needs to stop.  - You do not know who may be vulnerable even the seemingly in shape and young, because unless everyone around you has had a full checkup recently and has been certified low risk, you may be putting them at risk with this "I'm young and healthy... nothing's going to happen" attitude. - Low risk patients have died, granted in a much lower percentage but being low risk is not a guarantee that you'll be just fine, not to mention... even if you're fine, you're now infected and may infect others hard as you may try NOT to. - The only way to stay safe is to continue going out only when necessary and taking every precaution (mask, distance, washing hands constantly, etc.). Most importantly: We're all tired and done with social distancing but that is irrelevant... this is still a pandemic so regardless of how fed up we might be there are exactly ZERO excuses to be out and about partying for any reason (birthdays, anniversaries, etc.).
post this on your main chanel
I get we are all tired, that this year has flat out sucked. Some of us have had to make bigger sacrifices than others and some are upset about that. Doesnt this world have enough judgment and harshness? Everyone has made a mistake at somepoint. This person is trying to appoligize. Something they didnt have to do in the first place. Live and let live. We are all only human.
Admit when you’re wrong on your main channel. This is cheap.
Disappointed in the good doctor...he knows and should know better than anyone...he got caught and apology doesn’t repair all the harm done. Incident occurred early November and how many videos has he made since the party preaching use of mask and physical distancing! His state licensing board will address his hypocrisy
Why isn't this on your main channel? You had no problem calling out a small Reddit forum for criticizing you, but now that you know that its 100% you that's in the wrong, you try to prevent drawing attention? Hypocrite!
Y'all call him a hypocrite(when some of y'all are also hypocrites too)....complaining this isn't on his main channel...this is ridiculous!!! Dr. Mike at least apologizes, and he seems genuine. If there's anyone we should be really mad at, it's those stupid tik tok celebrities who keeps partying with at least 100 people. I understand why some of y'all are upset, but do we need this amount of negativity right now? Enough!!! We literally have other stuff to worry about. He has gotten the hate and I'm sure he will learn his lesson. Now it's time to move on and be better!
Your body language does not say you are sorry. Also, in the photos there were more than 10 people, nobody was wearing a mask and there was no distance between you. So disappointing, you are just another youtuber who only cares for fame and money, your speech is pure marketing.
YOU ARE OVER!!
You made a mistake. Get over the negative comments that you earned. You’re a famous doctor and I don’t get how you wouldn’t think of the consequences ahead of time. Plus are you sorry? You didn’t admit to your mistake on your much more popular account where you will for sure garner more criticism. Seems like a cop out.
Don’t be hard on yourself, you’re human ❤️
You said you’re young and you live alone. But you see your editor often and you literally see patients all the time who are vulnerable..are you saying they’re all young? Nice of you to skim over that.
Unsubbed,  like everyone should especially when everyone finds out and you’re main channel tanks!! Stop deleting comments!!
The damage will not be from "the bad actors and conspiracy theorists". Their minds were already set. The damage won't even be to your wallet, as we've already seen from others who made similar choices. The true damage will be from the people who see the CHOICE a doctor made, to go party maskless, and now think they can do the same. I already see them in the comments. A shame for those of us who have been following the guidelines to the best of our ability, because we'll also be the ones who have to face the consequences of the actions of others.
Why didn't you put this on your main channel?
I'm disappointed. Even though I don't think what you did was all that awful, if it wasn't for the repercussions of it being shared, I still think it was bad. It's quite small considering what we've been seeing all the time, but 15 people very close and not wearing masks? Do you trust 100% they've all been following quarantine properly aside from this? It was irresponsible, and you know this. It was selfish. Even if you don't infect anyone, because you'll be social distancing properly after this, even if you don't go to the market or need anyone to get in your house to fix your tv or anything like that, what if you get super sick and need medical attention? What about the hospital staff, health care professionals and other patients you'll cross paths with? Your risk of getting super sick is low, but that doesn't mean it doesn't exist, and you, of all people, know that. Why didn't you apologize for being irresponsible? There's even the factor that other people may see this and believe that it's ok to take risks, since it was fine when you took then, not everyone is going to factor everything in when deciding, I don't even think you did. The message has to be "always be careful", it can't be relative. This has impact too
Bro it's ok... Congratulations on your boat! 🤣
Imaging bein a doctor with a plataform as big as 6.5million suscribers on YouTube constantly talking about the pandemic and the use of mask, going out partying IN THE MIDDLE OF THE PANDEMIC U BEEN TALKING ABOUT ALL YEAR and then posting a lazy apology video on ur second channel with less the 60k suscribers and not ur 6.5million channel.  A clown, litterally a clown
He sorry he got caught.  Corona virus is a lie and he is in on it.  Screw this guy
*The only reason I’m seeing this is because it’s currently on trending here in America and I didn’t even know he had a second channel .....*
Everyone in the comments is saying he should put this video on his main channel, but I'm rather confused as to why that's even necessary. If someone's seen or heard about the photos and cares enough about this whole fiasco, they'll find their way here like we all did. What good does it do to bring this up with people who aren't already aware of it?
idk the details but if all the people got tested negative before going to the party, would that maybe have changed the negativity?
If you weren’t on YouTube this video wouldn’t be happening lol why are ppl praising him...
I get that you are apologizing but you failed two very crucial problems here: 1- This should NOT be on this channel, this is main channel issue. I dare say, a "post it on every social you have issue. If you are truly sorry, be sorry loud and clear! You have 50 k hearing here, you have 6.5 MILLION on your main.  2- This isnt just an issue of medical credibility, this is an issue of privilege. You failed to recognize that you and your friends having the money to do that cool trip and get treated if you were to get sick is A MASSIVE PRIVILEGE. You can be sorry all you want, but sorry is not enough for a mother who has a kid with cancer who catches covid and dies because she could barely take the cancer bill, and now her kid is dead and she is in debt. Your sorry is not enough for the children who are now orphans because both their parents died to covid, leaving them alone in the world and their lives changed forever. Your sorry is not enough to the fellow doctor that are working 18 hours a day to try and help the thousands dying in this pandemic, who are exhausted and surrounded by death that they cant keep up with.  You get to say sorry and move on. A lot of people are dead, lost their loved ones for ever, are in poverty, etc. They dont get to move on. Your mistake is not a simple mistake, check yourself further.
Dr Mike I know you are a good soul and you have been doing your best. We slip up sometimes. That’s because we are human.
seems more like he is sorry he got caught ah, hypocrite democrats
He got red pilled for a moment and now he wants to go back
So much BS dude. I'm sorry for posting a negative comment but your recent actions have very serious consequences. You're literally watched by millions and now your actions have discredited the advice that you and the CDC have been giving out and that will sway a lot of people who were already skeptical of the guidelines put out. Those photos just contradict all the CDC guidelines that you supposedly followed.   You're allowed to live your life but once you reach a certain level of notoriety, an unfortunate consequence is that people are going to look to you for advice. No more excuses and just own up to the fact that you're human. But everything you put out henceforth will come with a hint of hypocrisy.
Yeah. Right. Apologise and get back your extra life.
Liberal elite: rules for thee, but not for me what else is new. Hypocrites.
This is one of the personal things that really gets to me during this time. All of us following the rules, staying at home, not seeing our loved ones, being reminded by the professionals daily what we shouldn’t be doing. Only to then see the professionals do the exact opposite, like they’re above it all. It’s one rule for us and another for them, like they know better, or can be “trusted” more than us working class people. Idk it just makes me feel even worse about it all. I, like many, have missed out on so many important things this year that have been absolutely devastating, yet for people like you Dr Mike, it’s business as usual. It’s just incredibly unfair and shows your true character. Selfish and egotistical.
Hey doc, your virtue signaling is showing.
People on here like, "We need you, Dr. Mike!"...We literally do not need him. There are plenty of medical professionals out there without 6 pack abs, living their lives responsibly, setting the correct example, with the same or more medical knowledge than this 30 year old, ultra privileged man. We do not NEED someone who preaches a message of caution and importance for views on the internet, then contradicts them in real life. The man traveled across the country when the CDC urged everyone to stay home. He got on a boat with at least 14 other people. He had a great time, while his peasant audience missed their loved ones to, in large part, do what we can to lessen the burden FOR MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS. Absolutely gross and disrespectful. There are no excuses and if this man was willing to do something THIS bad, I imagine he's been breaking the rules this whole time and just hadn't been caught.
So if you’re sincere about this, why is this not posted on your platforms with your biggest following?? Gah.
I always felt there was something disingenuous about you but ignored that gut feeling because I inherently want to trust medical professionals. You aren't apologizing for your actions here - you're apologizing you got caught. It speaks volumes that this isn't on your main channel - because this way only your supporters will know this video is around and you'll get less backlash. You clearly were thinking of this through a PR lens and not an honest one which is really gross for a doctor.
Rules for thee, but not for me
There are people who couldn’t attend their parents funeral or sit beside them as they passed away in hospital, but I hope you had a great birthday....
Happy Belated birthday you hypocrite :)
At least he didn't pull a Laura Lee cry, but he should have posted this on his main channel.
Dr Mike. This pandemic is a fucking joke in the sense of its death toll. Its killing me inside, its killing my want to live, its killing people because they are committing suicide. People NEED human interaction. If you are an individual who is to scared to go out then don't go out but stop killing people like me who are majorily depressed because this tyrannical way of living.
Lol you didn’t even post this on your main channel. A doctor should be an example, I am so disappointed. Also, you not wearing a mask doesn’t affect yourself only.
Just stop lying and we’ll stop calling you out
Doctor Mike, by doing this, and making these excuses, you are one of the "bad actors" causing harm to the scientific and medical community.  Apology not accepted. Do better.
While I dont doubt you mean well with this apology, you have missed the mark at some key points to why we are disappointed. 1. You posted this on your smaller side channel, where less people will see it, which makes it seem like you are hiding it. I only knew about this, because I saw a notification from a drama channel, that showed your name in the titel. 2. It seems like you are trying to remove the blame from yourself, almost making you the victim, and making it seem like you are more sorry that you were caught, than you actually doing it. What you really should have said is "I'm sorry I did this, when I am one of the few doctors on this platform, preaching about social distancing and wearing masks. I should have declined going on the yacht and partied, because it goes against what I preach, and I should have stayed true to my preachings. I will improve myself and try and show you guys that I am still a credible source and I hope to be able to gain some of your trust back." So, do this again, in a way that seems more real and put it on the main channel for everyone to see. Because what you have done here, it aint cutting it!
So I don't get to see my family for Thanksgiving and Christmas based on the advice of my local government. CDC, and Dr Mike, but "I wanted to go to Miami and my friends chartered a boat" is a good reason to break all the rules? I agree with everyone saying that there is a real class divide with influencers here and with the pathetic fact he didn't post this to his main channel.  Sadly, and unsub from me.
Hypocrite.
Disappointed, just disappointed
The fact that this was for a birthday when so many of us spent our birthdays alone. The fact that you gathered with so many people maskless when I couldn’t even be in the room when my grandmother took her last breath. The fact that you didn’t practice what you’ve preached this whole pandemic. I don’t care how bad you feel about it or how much of your own critic you are you’ve lost the trust of a lot of people with this. All you had to do is wear a piece of cloth over your face, was that really too much to ask of a doctor? 💙💀💙
Dr Mike: hey COVID 19 is serious and deadly! Stay home   Also Dr Mike: well I don’t have to, just you
He doesn’t care. He only cares about how people view him, he wants to be viewed as a hero. And now everyone hates him, he cares. Some people will view this video as they are able to go out and party.
You aren't wrong for wanting to go have fun, you're just a hypocrite.
Now upload this on your main channel, babe
I'll write it again,  IT'S OKAY!  You've done a looooot of good and awesome things , whatever people may say does not outweigh that fact,  you're a good doctor,  and human too.  Grace for you Dr. Mike
wow im genuinely so disappointed in you... and you wont even post this to you main channel either... fcked up
Can we stop giving the spotlight to hypocrites that give rules for thee and not for me. This dude obviously feels a type a way about how serious the virus is. And yet hes gonna save face and do this bullsh.t,
Sheesh, you guys are ruthless in the comments. So your takeaway from this is to not follow the rules either because someone you are subscribed to also didn’t follow the rules. Wow, big brain. We truly are devolving as a species.
The pandemic has been hard on everyone but i think we all did something similar at some point, like hang out with friends, meet extended family or something. The difference is, when we do it nobody knows, and it’s easy to criticize people like you who are in the public eye but i think we could all do better. I really like that you are honest about it even though I don’t think that what you did is that bad. People talk, that’s how it is you don’t have to listen tho💛 love your videos 💛💛
Oh god people give the guy a break and stop acting like you have all stayed home none stop over the year. No one is perfect and if the dude and everyone there decided to have a boat party it’s really no ones business. Mike is a person and how about we all find something better to do with our time than cancel a truly genuine person.
It's not because you are a doctor. It is because you did the opposite thing from something you strongly believe and advocate in. Also, I understand that we are all humans and we make mistakes. I think it'll be nice not to be so defensive about it. Just a sorry will be enough. All the best :)
Uhm...post this to your main channel 👀 Otherwise it doesn't really seem like you're actually trying to own up to this.
Your only mistake is being caught, you knew what you were doing above all others.  Shameful behaviour for someone who is a medical professional giving advice.
You friends surprised you with a boat? Er...you could've said 'no'... Its not like it was a life or death situation where if you didn't go with them, the whole world would blow up kind of deal. And if they get offended, they are not true friends at all. Well, if we are going down that road, if they were really good friends of yours, they wouldn't have rented a boat for a party! Learn to say 'No!' when it's necessary, Dr. Mike.
This actually makes me mad. Just becuase you're a public figure doesn't mean you shouldn't be aloud to love your life. Doing research and following them based on your personal situation DOES NOT harm your message, and anyone else who thinks otherwise is being ignorant,  or purposely obtuse. And that is not your fault.
To all who are disappointed, I say good, Dr Mike has always been a shill of a dr, he follows what is trendy for the pharmaceutical-political-insurance agenda.  He would never be innovative to actually look for a cure for any real disease. Just follow what the insurance companies and pharmacy says we can use, that’s the kind of dr he is.
What POS
Why post this on a channel were you have an extremely lower number of subs? There was more then 10 ppl on that boat. The pictures are evidence of that.  And you weren't 6 feet away from each other.  You don't know all those ppl lifestyle or health. And I'm sure you and those ppl didn't quarantine 2 weeks after your little trip. You're a privilege doctor who thought no one was gonna see those pictures. And this apology is nothing but bullshit. So disappointed in you.
Titties cure everything including pandemics
Of course they downplay because YOU downplayed it.
Hm.... not exactly what I expected from you.
Y’all think he needs to do what you guys say...ANY youtuber are not controlled by their audience.  You’re not in charge, they’re their own person.  I can’t tell you how ridiculous it is when watching youtubers and all of sudden, their audience starts to tell them what to do as if they know them personally.  As stated, risk is a spectrum.  He looked at the factors, which will be different from your factors.  He took his risk, and we’ll see how everything plays out.  I swear the fanbase of some youtubers are just insane...
He is only sorry for getting caught and losing subscribers.
This phony joke of a video is going Viral and you’re gonna have to really address it!! Everyone is sharing  it!! Such a fake apology!! 🤣🤡
Didnt put on main channel bc wants least amount of people to see this. Hes a hypocrite like all the rest of the talking heads telling us what to do. You are just making excuses like every other liberal
I really thought that wasnt you...  My brother had Covid we had to be in isolation, actually we still are. I have no symptoms but I am still scared that I may be asymptomatic. My uncle had Covid (he lives with my grandparents who are sick and almost 80) my two younger cousins had covid. I dont care about myself but I am worried about others. Visit your family but dont go around with many people and then tell people not to do that... thats why people dont believe docrors and politicians...  I am dissapointed and dont accept your apology, but its not like you would care if we forgive you or not.
It’s awesome how inevitable these things are.  Get online and you’re going to have to apologize for something.
Im proud of you. ❤️
Putting this on the main channel would have made more of an impact. Not posting it there is clearly going to lead it to get less views. Didn't seem like the right move to me if he really wanted to get this message out there.
"What's killing me most right now..." Is obviously not Coronavirus xD
Sorry you got caught.
You're a bad actor.
No. Just no. Your behavior after making 50 videos on covid, is not acceptable. People are using your moronic trip as proof that covid advice is just propaganda to make us afraid and isolated. Way to fuel conspiracy theorists.  You claim you had low risk. Did all 15 people in the photo also live alone and have the ability to quarantine away from all human beings for 14 days? I highly highly doubt it.
No one is immune to temptation.  It is disappointing to see the damage that this moment of weakness will cause though.  Regardless, the facts stand on their own and our moments of weakness do not change the legitimacy of facts.  Hopefully most people will realize this. Those that don’t are those that are already convinced otherwise and are unfortunately beyond help.
Y'all... You really need to chill. Even though we're in the midst of a pandemic, we could still die tomorrow from something completely unrelated to Covid. Y'all are over here attacking him and unsubscribing because he made a mistake. I bet most of y'all on this page don't follow the guidelines ,so who are y'all to talk? His loved ones surprised him with a boat party for his birthday and he decided to party. Y'all need to check yourselves at the door and give this man a break. at least he's honest about his shortcomings and mistakes, while y'all just sit there on the other side of your screens attacking this man. Any one of  his loved ones on that both with him could have died the day after that boat party, and he never would have seen them again. I'm not about to hate this make because he made a mistake. He's still human like the rest of us, so CHILL TF OUT.
The fact that you are not posting this on your main channel shows that you care more about the damage done to your public image than the possible damage done to people who have actually followed the guidelines and your advice during these months.
Really appreciate this video!!👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
IMAGINE if Fauci did this. You put YOURSELF at the forefront of Covid media on youtube, so you have no room to criticize people "using you" to spread lies and misinformation. Of COURSE they are going to do that, don't give them any material in the first place and follow your own advice! And what do you mean you "still have to learn"? You are a healthcare professional who has been working this pandemic since the beginning! This is such a hollow influencer "apology". Quit making excuses, take actual accountability without trying to downplay the situation and garner sympathy, and put a real apology on your MAIN CHANNEL.
Sounds like you need to be more private with your private life.
Yeah, that picture really makes it worse...
I am truly disappointed Dr. Mike. I expected this from some young foolish youtuber and tick tokers like Jake and Tana not you. To be honest you are the last person I expected this from.
It's my birthday today and I didn't even go out to buy myself a cake or anything.
Lmao #6 in trending imagine if he didn’t try to soften the blow and posted it on his main channel instead of a lame notification
Put it on your main channel. This was a huge mistake....You're not just a doctor, you're the most famous doctor in the world. I understand covid fatigue, I have it to but i'm the first to admit that i'm in a very fortunate position to wait out this pandemic, as are you. Some people aren't so lucky. Thanks for the apology but this was a very poor decision. Do better and put this message on your main channel with the biggest audience.
We’d respect you more if you put it on your main channel (as if we respect you at all now). No one likes hypocrites so you might as well say it with your chest. Weak apology. 4+ minutes of complete emasculation lmaooo.
If this was in your main channel, I would consider the apology, but since it's NOT and you're liking only the comments blatantly defending you, I lost all respect really
Maybe instead of lecturing others about arbitrary and contradictory rules all year, the response should have been to highlight that liberty means each individual can choose the level of risk they are willing to take for themselves. Then you wouldn't have had to worry about going to a boat party with friends and coming across as a hypocritical prick.
Why is this not on your main channel? 57k or 16 million people, it’s a big difference 🙄
Disgusting. 🤢
jy't nie waarheid nie Doctor Mike
Sad excuse of a man.
What a lame move to post this "apology" on a secondary channel. Why not share this "apology" with your 6 million subscribers, who you've been telling to follow CDC guidelines. What a hypocrite.
I lost all respect I ever had for you. As a doctor you owe it to your patients to be safe and practice what you preach. You’re no better than any other influencer who is partying right now. Absolutely SICKENING.
Legitimate question to any Americans out there, does the US currently have any kind of 'lockdown' in place? Would that be down to each State/County to decide? Plus is it mandatory to wear a mask (in places e.g. stores) or just a choice? Or, again, is that down to each State/County?
“I looked at the local boat capacities to make sure we were well below the guidelines”  Local boat capacity: 8 adults maximum  There’s literally a picture of 15+ people on the boat with you
This apology looks super fake. Clearly he’s sorry he got caught!!
The wealthy do not have to follow the same guidelines as the rest of us, they do not experience the same struggles as the rest of us, and they can afford better treatment options than the rest of us.   America, america - just a lie wrapped in a pretty red, white, and blue package.
Dont cancel him i swear hate has canceled enough people
You tell people to stay home and not party, but yet you do it yourself. Such a disappointment. Just tell the truth that you don't care. You're only sorry because you got caught.
This wasn't an apology or owning your mistakes. It was excuses and justification for what you did, including lying about how many (maskless) people were there,  which has to be at least 15 based on the photo. And then you couldn't post it on the main channel and posted it on your second channel that has less than 1% of the amount of subs on your main channel. This isn't taking responsibility, its doing damage control. Youre a Doctor. Its not cool, man.
People hold you to a higher standard because you are such a good and responsible person otherwise. If Tana Mongeau or Jake Paul did this no one would think about it twice. I don't really think you did anything too wrong.
Lost all credibility lmao. Don’t EVER speak about the pandemic ever again. You’re a joke man
I thought you're better than this :( i really supported your channel (not this one) because i loved your content. Your covid videos will never be the same to me now. Also, pls upload this to your bigger channel. It seems shady you uploaded this here.
Just apologise for doing the wrong thing! Stop deflecting, explaining & trying to belittle what you did. Plus if you really wanted to apologise, you’d post this on your main channel. Rich, good looking white people getting away with it again. Sing another song already - it’s boring.
What exactly did he do?
A classic 'influencer' apology. Did the crime, had fun, got caught...."I made a mistake and will do better in the future.." waa...waa...waa... What an absolute crock.  Until the next event that you want to attend, then it starts again....party...get caught...lm sorry.... Typical self entitled behaviour from someone who 'supposedly' knew better. Then posts his half assed apology not on his main channel,...but on a side channel with a handful of subscribers compared to your main channel. You have set the message from the medical community back miles with your irresponsible actions. Hope the party was fun, because it has cost you and your colleagues, who have been trying to spread safe practices awareness during a pandemic, a lot. You are just as selfish as the you tuber idiots and Tok tokers who.flout the rules.  Childish self entitled behaviour.
Dr. Varshavaski my advice to you is to post this on your main channel, if your truly sincere. I know you may fear loosing subscribers but it's the right thing to do. I don't judge you I have also made the mistake of not wearing mask with a group of friends we all have. So just stand tall and strong and face the consequences it's just temporary. Take care. 💗
As often as we like to think with our heads, sometimes we think with our hearts. The heart is a strong thing. Forgiveness and grace to you
I'm disappointed you are apologizing. You carefully considered the risks and as an adult made an educated decision. Your choice was fine.
Simp
Well what the hell... can we not have heroes anymore?  Keep making your money man.  I won't watch your hypocritical bull any more.  Honest mistakes are fine, but if you aren't competent enough to know this was bad all around, why whould I want other advice from you?  I know I am just one in a pool of millions for you, but at least I won't have a pretender in my Youtube subscriptions.  Glad you posted this hear where your main channel won't take the hit...  Also don't think we didn't notice the only comments you apparently responded to are the "we forgive you" ones... bye Doc.
Guys lets be honest.. ALL HE DID WAS TAKE A DAY OFF ON A BOAT XD. This whole apology message was very needed. But! He does get a good message out.
You hypocrite you ooze soy and lies.
We are all humans, you followed guidelines and did what you thought was right in that moment in time. That's all we can ask for.
Surprised you didn’t post this on your main account! Also as a doctor there’s no excuse for what you’ve done!   There’s no forgiveness for this as we loose love ones and our business are forced to close because of this pandemic... yet you, a medical professional failed to follow the guidelines as besides your attempt to research loopholes proves how unsympathetic you are! I’ve lost respect for you and this apology being it’s not on your main account shows you aren’t willing to admit it on your largest platform!
Unforgivable. My grandpa is spending his Dec birthday and Christmas alone bc we lost my grandma a few years ago and we're trying to keep him around and safe. But I'll let him know when we call him to 'celebrate' that if we'd managed to get him a boat it would all be different. It's probably on us.
If you listen to this clown you are part of the problem..
So irresponsible. This should have been uploaed to ur main channel. If i was your patient Id be changing Drs. ASAP. We keep seeing how much rich people just dont care.
As a fellow healthcare worker I am appalled. You knew better and you didn't care. Don't pretend like you thought this was safe. You shouldn't have even traveled that far, on a plane no less.
Unsubscribed, extremely disappointed and surprised that this even happened. Yes, it was a mistake but in a pandemic from a doctor who has been preaching to social distance and wear masks....it’s hard to even accept it. You know what you were doing period. Wonder why you put it on this channel instead of you main...doesn’t seem sincere.
Don’t worry doc, dems, celebrities, rioters, and politicians are privileged. COVID doesn’t infect them. And truth is they are smarter and should be able to go anywhere without concern. It is the peasants, republicans, middle class and sheep that need to be isolated at home, wearing masks, losing their jobs, and businesses.  We are too dumb to assess our own risks. So we have to have orders. But not people like you. So keep preaching lockdowns so you have more boat rental availability, and less people in your way on the water.
You spelled “hypocrite” wrong, lol. 😂😂😂😂😂
wow this is a super effective and clearly sincere apology seeing as how it’s uploaded to your side channel. why can’t you admit you’re wrong to your 6.5 million subs? and how thoughtful of you, a healthcare professional who may have been directly exposed to covid, to go to your dad’s house.
gotta love all his "youtuber" buddies defending him in comment section, and of course he's liking every single one...
Dude you didn’t do anything wrong! Idiot!  Shitty apology by the way
What a liar. Why not on your primary channel?
This is very disappointing. I will not be watching your videos anymore. Lots of us have jobs that involve working with and around people during the pandemic and I have avoided going out as much as possible to prevent spreading the virus and keeping customers safe.
Why diddnt you post this to your main channel ? You wanna know why your sorry ? Because you got caught.  If you wouldn’t have gotten caught would you have made a video like this ? No because your fake
A lot of people mess up every day but nobody knows it or point his finger because they are not famous. Doctor Mike did a mistake, it's true but he has recognized it and apologized in front of million people.  This is his first mistake, he is not perfect, none of us is, so let's avoid to be so hard with him. He has always had a responsible behavior, and now a lot of people want to put him against a wall and execute him??? Also, I am sure he will post this video on his main channel as he usually does with all his videos.
This video was shared/posted on his main channel in the community tab. Geez! His main channel is how I got notified.
Ain't it funny how he can watch his own videos to learn from his own dumb mistake..
You should be ashamed of yourself. Why not put this on all your social media if you truly mean what you are saying?? 🤷🤦
"I did nothing wrong, but I'm sorry if you felt offended". He says that he follow the CDC guidelines, but when you actually see the videos and pictures, he wasn't wearing masks or wasn't six feer apart. He didn't post this in his main channel because he doesn't want that more people learn of his hypocrisy. His only sorry that he got caught even being manipulqtive with "I was so sad, I needed to party"... Yeah, he is no different than any other influencer. He did nothing worng, he is not sorry.
My grandson missed out on his first social birthday party because of this pandemic. When I know I might not get to see my daughter and three grandkids for Christmas, after not getting to see them for Easter and Thanksgiving, I have no sympathy for people like you. I hope your  birthday was an awesome one. My grandson cried for days when his got cancelled. No respect left. ☹️
What this tells me is that everything he says about the virus is a lie.  Because no doctor that honestly believes all that, would have done this.  Putting himself and his patients at risk.  He's a hypocrite and a liar.
All his Covid videos now seem like a joke
Lol you just apologized because you get caught and people called you out 🤧
57,8k subscribers vs 6.5M on your min channel. Speak VOLUMES about you as a person. I'm done
Your irresponsibility is honestly disappointing. Your a DOCTOR. You should know better. Even if you hesitated, guess you didn't think enough. If you're  really sorry, Be a man and post this to your main channel. Don't only post this here.
Complete hypocrite leftist hack applying the "rules for thee but not for me" mentality. Your apology is cringe worthy
Say whatever...but that night of the party, he fooked sloots & never once thought how much of a hypocrite he was
What? So he went on a boat ride. So what? Let the man have his fun. If you actually look at the statistics by the CDC. Its mainly elderly people with pre existing conditions that are dying from this disease.
Your a hypocrite!  I unsubscribed.
This is one of the biggest Youtube disappointments of 2020...
I’m going to speak from a medical professional perspective here as well as a daughter with an immunocompromised father. I don’t blame you and quite frankly the only reason there’s so much backlash is because you’re on such a public platform. The sheer level of people who have been disregarding social distancing rules and masks this year is absurd. You could’ve tried to justify what you did with no apology, but you took ownership. Just a piece of advice though, put this on your main channel. I promise it’ll make more of an impact.  To everyone else:  Relax. He’s human and has been one of the biggest advocates for following the proper measures during this pandemic. As an RN am I going to say that I haven’t at one point slipped up? Absolutely not. Because understanding the consequences doesn’t mean I’m perfect or not prone to mistakes. I have no doubt that Dr.Mike followed every one of his own pieces of advice up to getting on that boat including getting tested and making sure his friends were as well. And if he didn’t, that still doesn’t mean he’s any less of a doctor for having messed up. If you only knew the number of surgeons that people still respect even after having lost people on the surgical table you’d be a lot more understanding. I’m not saying to not hold him accountable, but show some grace. And what’s interesting is that even while apologizing, he’s still encouraging following the proper protocols, because he recognizes the import and the fact that his actions may influence others to disregard them. A true professional recognizes his or her mistake, and takes steps to address it. I’m sure you all would like someone to do the same for you. Stay happy and healthy. M&M.
Honestly the amount of hate in this comment section is shocking considering how many of y’all have broken covid regulations y’all’s selves. I don’t know about you but when I don’t like someone, I stay off their socials. I don’t go and further instigate the issue. And secondly, stop bringing money into this. If someone can afford a boat, let them get a boat. If they can afford the best private healthcare, let them get the best private health care. Money was never an issue until you guys brought up the fact that oh he’s got money so he can enjoy in birthday. And then stop pointing out this issue about there being like 20 people when the regulation said 10 because the regulations differ per size of the boat. As much as wearing masks are mandatory, if you and your party intend to quarantine afterwards, it’s fine. Because don’t act like you sit with masks on when talking to your children. Honestly the comment section should have been turned off
You were given a boat as a gift?  Not a boat trip?  You were given a title to a boat?  I can't relate...
So why weren’t you transparent about this trip BEFORE you went and explained in a video on your main channel as to your decision process.  You just made the rest of our jobs harder in healthcare trying to get people to follow the guidelines and now they’ll use YOU as an example. This was done backwards and now you’re trying to do damage control.
these reactions have turned from criticism to envy. A LOT of ordinary people break and broke these rules every day, esp Thanksgiving. If you don't like this dude, unsubscribe. At least he's not Cuomo or Newsome, or Pelosi, whose hypocrisy cost someone their business.
Shame on you.. I liked you dr. Mike.. Turns out you betrayed not even your subscribers but also your colleagues and the people who are dying right this moment from the virus.
I’m very disappointed. Everyday we see greater differences between normals and celebrities, while constantly hearing that the virus effects us all the same...
Thank God he's GOOD LOOKING, he can get away from any troubles.
How are people advocating and not providing? Why would you preach and not follow through? This is just so disappointing and actually expected of such. Just wow.
Hey don’t be hard on yourself. You didn’t mess up. It’s fine to visit your family. Don’t feel bad about traveling because your not the only one. Don’t care about what others think. No one expects you to lock yourself in your home just because you’re famous. So go do what you need to do and don’t apologize for it. Take care Doctor 👍🏻
Your forgiven doctor mike hugs
Hypocrite. This should be posted on your main channel.
Your a faux!🎉🎉🎉😱😉😂😂
🤦‍♀️ you done f-Ed up. Just do better. We know you can. That’s all that needs to be said.
I feel sad about all the negative comments being delivered to DR Mike. HE IS HUMAN!!!! Everyone has to make a PERSONAL decision about what they do in their time. As a professional Dr Mike has been informing us about what is going in and providing us with guidelines on how we should react to stop the spread. And he has followed them himself, and just because he decided to go away for a while doesn't mean that he doesn't respect what he has been advising his public about, or that he doesn't follow it himself. Especially when as he explained in this video, it wasn't his intention to go and "party" on a boat with some friends, that just happened. And of course, you could have said that he should just have told his friends to go away and leave him alone because of the pandemic. But he decided not to because of the PERSONAL risks that he felt were manageable. You know life is dangerous, you DIE FROM IT!! I don't defend what he did per se, but if instead of always judging each other try to look at ourselves and focus on our own actions, we can get through this together. Although I totally agree that we should do whatever we can to stop the spread, sometimes you have to go outside and get some fresh air. YOU might feel that YOU have sacrificed a lot by doing what YOU can do in YOUR situation, well be happy about that then and feel good about yourself, and if you see others that aren't doing what you think they should be doing, well don't criticize, just keep doing what YOU can. Criticizing doesn't help. Keep up the good work Dr Mike, and don't feel to discouraged about what some self-declared "Karens" think you should do.
I used to respect you. No more. When a DOCTOR does this kind of thing, throws the safety of others in the garbage, who is there left to trust? No one. To hell with you all.
I'm just digusted .. shame on u
PUT IT ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL. I had respect for you and now it's GONE. This is insanely narcissistic behavior. My kids can't go to school, I can't see my dad who has cancer, we had to skip so many holidays and birthdays but you, a young, rich doctor who knows better, can do what he wants with no consequences. Im so sick of privileged people abusing that privilege
Lmaoooooooo hope the trip was fun
I see all the channels with checkmarks are supporting his decision
You are a democrat operative. Typical do as I say not as I do. Just the fact that you trust the WHO says everything we need to know about you, shill.
What a moron, I bet he'll do it again if he gets the chance. He's only crying because he got caught.
Dr. Mike please, just post this on your main channel. That will really show how sincere you are in your apology. Much love❤
Its difficult to admit when you are wrong..whatever the situation might be. Really appreciate your efforts Dr. Mike.
You Screwed Up !  I work 60 hours a week as a Nurse...I give you NO respect !!!!!
You should've known better and you messed up mike tsk2
Dr.Mike, I know because you are an influencer (and a doctor) you are held to higher standards. I'm sad to see those pictures because you knew what to do and decided to go against it and just wanted to have fun. We all do, believe me... quarantine is terrible and everybody is fed up with it. However, THE only person I felt was unbiased, responsible, and whose advice I could post online to show all those who believe the virus is a hoax has lost all credibility in terms of the virus and actions to take.
You are fake my friend. You spread fear but you really don’t care.
rules for thee but not for me
This was so wonderfully done in my opinion. Honest, truthful and backed by science. Hes allowed to mess up just like everyone of us.  Thank you Dr. Mike, I hear you and see your position.
Disappointed here, not gonna lie. I'm glad I am a socially distance person in normal circumstances  anyway, but for those who need to party every weekend or be out there doing something it must be hard.  I am anxious of having to return to work in an actual office on january, because of having to be in close proximity to people.  Thank you for recognizing what your actions as a public figure might cause to the fight against covid-19.
Dr. Mike as someone who watched you and respected your content for *years* this was beyond disappointing, even more so seeing this not on your main channel. You’re just* further proving that people who have money and privilege can pretend covid doesn’t exist when you’re tired of it. I get covid fatigue is real but like... come on, you’re a doctor, you very literally know better.
Lmfao what a hypocrite
Upload this to your main channel. You didn’t just make a mistake; you devalued all of your covid videos and you devalued al of the advice you gave to people who followed it because they trusted that you were following through with what you were saying and it turned out that you weren’t. This isn’t just a simple “mistake”, Doctor. This is you getting called out for doing exactly what you advised to millions to not do during a pandemic.
Put this on your main channel?? This is a bad apology video because you aren't going to reach the audience that is demanding an explanation. Have the courage to own up to your mistake to your massive main channel following, this apology is hollow otherwise 🙄
Why not post this on your main channel? The one with millions of subscribers?
Post this on your main channel, please.
This ain't it chief
Do what I say, don’t do what we do Got catch lol
Is this the whole "better ask for forgiveness than permission?" 🙄
Never apologize to those types of people. This is just the newest ammo in the cancel culture saga and its as ridiculous as any other cancel cause du jour. Every day we find out more about covid and we find that more and more people have had it without ever noticing. The deaths aren't climbing the way they told us they would and infection rates aren't as important as they used to be because we know the survivability for most people of over 99.9%. Don't ever apologize to idiots on the internet. No one, including doctor Mike, should be apologizing for choosing to live you life, knowing full well what the consequences could be however slim that may be. This has turned from a medical scenario into an exercise in how many freedoms we're willing to give up and how quickly we're willing to bend the knee to unconstitutional edicts. So we have to be willing to stand in protest or those freedoms will likely never return in full.   "Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety." Ben Franklin
Shame on you.
Dont be so hard on yourself.
WHY? WHY WHY WHY?!
0:44 AND YOU JUST COULDN'T REFUSE...Makes sense. After doing over 50 vids warning people....guess you are the exception to the rule. Again, THE CONTRADICTION & HYPOCRISY OF IT ALL!!!😂😂 👉🏾🚪
Hypocrite
So you know, ive just trapped myself in my apartment for almost a year now so you can have your birthday. Know what everyone else did for their birthday? NOTHING. So I hope it was a fucking blast Mike... 😑
Personally, I don't think you did wrong. People don't realize how tough being a leader/example is. You get criticized for doing things that normal people would have no probably doing
Honestly his credibility is gonna go down, there’s no way anyone is gonna take his opinions on the coronavirus as seriously. He said he puts no one at risk, yet did he forget that he is a doctor? What about his patients? He clearly didn’t care and now as his audience we are forced to take this half as apology as sincere. Limit travel, stay indoors, don’t do large gatherings, and yet here he is completely disregarding all of that.
So elitist! Do as I say and not as I do. Shame on you sir. If you really want people to listen have to lead by example. You didn't make a mistake you're a grown man and you made a decision and then you try to suppress it when it came out.
Rules for thee, not for me. Preach nonsense then party with bikini models bc it’s not actually a big deal like you want us to believe
I’ve always loved Dr Mike and his content but I’m sorry this isn’t good enough. I know so many people that have not been able to do anything on their 18th birthdays or their 21st (the ones we usually put more emphasis on) because of covid I missed out on my birthday too and it immensely effected my mental health but I still didn’t party because I wanted to protect people. For me this video seems like every other youtube apology video: Excuses and a bunch of buzzwords on a smaller channel to try and avoid losing viewers. I never thought I’d see this from Mike and it’s so disappointing.  When I heard people saying he had done something bad I wanted to forgive him and I wanted to believe he was in no way in the wrong but I can’t do that. I don’t believe Mike had any ill intent but I can’t support someone that engages in this behaviour and I hope other people continue to hold him accountable
How weak do you have to be to post your apology video on your second channel that has nearly no subscribers.  You are a disgrace to YouTube and medical community.
Not dr mike being a liar and hypocrite. He can’t promise he won’t go to another party and be exposed by someone that will attend this future party hahaha. Also can’t believe he put his own patients at risk, YIKES 😳
rules for me but not for thee
It's okay, most people know that hypocrisy is the liberals first language. Your just sorry that you have been called out for it.
Sounds like another phony politican. Rules for thee not for me. Stop pretending to feel bad. You are upset because you got caught. Enough with the crocodile tears.
Might be wrong of me to admit I didn't know that happened. I'm sorry your name is getting dragged through the mud and other people who are trying to find a cure are too. The fact that you addressed it quickly says a lot about who you are as a person. This year has been tough on everyone. Are you held to a higher standard than others because of your platform? Yes. But personally, people are human. Everyone wants things back to normal. No one's perfect. All you can do is learn and move forward. Hang in there, Dr. Mike. 🙏💙
Hi Dr. Mike as health care provider I get it we are human and to be honest all burnt out and in need of some stupid fun.  And quite honestly we are probably more at risk at work due to limited ppe or improper ppe.  I get it you took precautions, weighed out risk vs benefit but the issue is many don't understand that when not in medicine.  Am I disappointed yes of course same as when my coworkers go to Vegas,  but I can't visit my mother in law next state over without my kids having to 14 day quarentine from schoolno testing out.  Unfortunately my daughter and I are high risk and now my husband at 43 with prostate cancer is too we don't get the option.  The issue is there were  14 over the 10,  limited social distancing or masks.  I get you made a mistake and definitely don't think you should be "canceled" but you do need to post an actual video on main page and take the constructive criticism stop blocking comments.  You messed up.  You were human it happens but need to fully own it.  Understand why people are hurt, angry, and disappointed.  Still think you are awesome just human.
We did not have Thanksgiving dinner for the first time in my lifetime. My children have not traveled to see their father since July. Yet you and other wealthy influencer party like there is no pandemic. This is a disgusting display of privilege and classism. Your apology is laughably ridiculous and you sound like a Trump supporter, not a physician. Your opinions now seem like a cash grab. How disappointing.
Are you surprised ppl use this situation to prove that masks are fake. Of course they say that :( you just gave them a nuke, bro
I'm so disappointed in you!  I trusted you, looked up to you and you do this? Here's how you make this up. Post it on your MAIN CHANNEL
How Miami has less deaths than NY??? Boats, bars, schools are all open for months. Thanks Dr Mike for showing lockdowns are not humane and don't work.
I don’t feel like he should apologize. We are responsible for our actions and if Dr Mike decides to go on vacation with friends that doesn’t mean I’m going to go on a vacation with friends 😑 it is each individual’s responsibility to adhere to CDC guidelines and recommendations. You know the risks, you know the severity and you know what’s at stake; ACT ACCORDINGLY. Stop cancel culture and shaming others.
Why don't do it on the main channel 😒 that have 99% of the view and followers 🤔 is sad
You're out partying while stressing the fact that we should be social distancing
Unsubscribed. You done messed up.
Coward, post this on your main channel. I was such a huge supporter of your channel. You said you wanted to be happy this year and so did many of us but we followed guidelines and stayed away from family and friends.
Dr Mike you are a hypocrite and a liar. I'm someone who works in the medical field and you are disgrace to the medical community.
Fake apology. He's sorry he got CAUGHT
You didn't mess up... you are fine, you were cautious and measured the risk and you have been careful this whole time. Don't worry about the other "bad actors"
ummm i work at a gas station.... i didnt go to thanksgiving with my family because i didnt want to put the public that i work with at risk because i traveled 200 miles....... i said i work at a gas station....... your a dr...... i make minimum wage ....
Please share  this on your main channel. As you stated,  people will use this carelessness as a reason to downplay the seriousness of the virus. I've  followed your channel for long time and shared your your videos to many people as a way to help explain things especially to those terrified of this pandemic. As someone in the Healthcare system in the front testing lines. Seeing my coworkers suffering mentally and physically from the sheer numbers and apathy from patients. Please share this on your main channel do your best for this error not to be use as an argument point for those to not take it seriously.
Ah! I just love your spirit. Truly good person. So few and far...so bravo. No one is perfect!
mans really said do as i say and not as i do
Its all ok, Mike you did nothing wrong.
this is a crock and total bs. taking accountability the right way would be to post this video on your main channel where you have 6.5 million followers. this is the most disgusting thing I’ve seen all year
Thank you for addressing this. I hear that you followed the rules but I appreciate the realization that the optics of your trip impacted us who are loyal viewers and felt like a punch to the gut seeing that photo. Thank you.
Confused why this is on your clips channel and not your main channel
the privilege on this is off the charts
1st of all you are a joke and hypocrite. Im call bs on this apology. You clearly fellow the democrats policy of  Rules for thee but not for me .
Practicing what you preach is hard isn’t it?
The point is, you are repeatedly "do as I say, not as I do." As someone people look up to, you have a greater responsibility to set an example. So disappointed. I can't watch your videos anymore without thinking about your carelessness.
I'm sick of the rules too and missing out on a year of my life . But I'm even sicker of selfish people who put their wants above people's lives. This pandemic has revealed who people are at their core. Thanks for owning up but I've seen who you really are and it's disappointing. I thought you were different.
wow 19k people are dumb...
Aren't the boat guidelines to make sure you can keep your distance? Not give head massages 'because the amount of people on that boat is okay.'  Edit: put it on your freaking main channel. I know you would like it to dissappear, but own up to it good.
Bro made a small slip up, then came out with the most empathetic and genuine apology you will ever hear from a public figure
Im happy you came out with an apology for it but i think you should’ve put this up on your main channel as everyone is unsure if it’s a fake news or not. Most of your viewers are not even aware of your second channel too so i think we’d all appreciate that. I feel like you’re not taking full accountability for what happened as you’ve not talked about deleting comments on your main channel regarding these allegations AND  also only liking comments that defend you. 🙃
You did nothing wrong.
You deserve to catch the wooflu!
Imma go out on a limb and say everyone... EVERYONE has gone out to do something during this pandemic because humans cannot be isolated for 11 months. You have not harmed your message Doc!! Don't listen to the hate,  you don't deserve it. Thanks for the great job you do!!
How funny .... you posted this on the channel with 58,000 subscribers 🙄
Good morning Doctor Mike, I started following you on YouTube from 2018. In the beginning I was just collecting fun facts that you share and compare by explaining it amazingly enough for me to understand 😋 After you started to raise awareness about COVID-19 I followed your advice and stock up on hand sanitizer and masks enough for one year and man! After that I saw my friends struggling to get hand sanitizer for their families and I was happy to share some of my bottles with them 💕 Thank you so much for all the updates on COVID-19 and fun and educational videos to keep us entertained. Now after being in pandemic for nearly a year, we are developing this behavior of blindsiding some precautions, because we know if we think a little more critically we will rule the activity out and there will will sitting and getting bored for next, I don’t know, months. Thank you for this video💝⭐️ We will renew our energy to keep fighting a little longer to come through this. Covid-19 is as real as day and night. We just lost a dear friend and husband of my cousin last week (father of 3 children ages, 8,6,3)  He contracted from his parents (who were saying “if you pray right you don’t get COVID” ) and within one week he was gone. It’s a really hard blow for everyone here. Please stay safe and stay healthy. 💕 Ps. I’m learning how to make moon cakes 🥮 to fight my stress 🙃 My husband is making sports area in our yard for 3 teen boys (17,15,13) We both are struggling to bring the boys out of their rooms, any ideas? 😊
What is that supposed to mean, "I can't promise to never make another mistake again"?? Sure, no one is perfect. But you can promise to NEVER go and take pictures squished between hot people on a boat in the middle of a pandemic?? Besides, the guidelines clearly state to maintain the minimum distance of 6 feet on boats, too. That's the sole reason why there IS a restriction on people allowed on the boat - so the passengers can keep the social distancing rules. Plus, he needs to post this on his main account. Sorry to be critical like this, but i used to watch his videos and be grateful for his message concerning covid, and i don't think he could have done a worse thing than this, and i don't see how he wouldn't post this on his main account (not just the link). Seems superficial to me kinda. Sorry.
You’re awesome I love you no matter what I would have done the same thing I don’t own anyone an apology people need to worry about their selves you’re forgiven 🤩🤩🤩you’re still hot
😂🤣 you liberals are such hippocrates complain about everything but when its you guyss ohh nothing to see her at this point if you believe covid is as serious as the media is telling you well i dunno what to tell you but research and pray to god you come out of your own
I love how my comments get s.h.a.d.ow banned. Your on the spectrum!
Soooo sincere (not). Please.
What's upsetting people are making this an excuse to feel like they've sacrificed so much the whole pandemic and they're struggling so much to follow rules and it's so bad that Dr. Mike made a mistake over what he advice his viewers not to do. If you think he is a hypocrite, you guys have been hypocrites like aeons ago you just don't have the platform to be seen. Americans are the last people who followed the new-normal protocol in the whole globe and his mistake could've been a risk, but you guys did worse long before all this and your excuse solely was a bad president. Be honest with yourself, you're just stuck at home, you are probably working too, but you ain't contributing to the society like many health care workers like him.    I get disappointment but people changing the whole narrative to something else, solely because the apology wasn't placed on the main channel. I mean clearly you got here without being in the main channel so what are you so pressed for?  Everyone wants to police everything just to down another person in the internet, as if it will prove a point. Disgusting
My turn to do a 'mistake'. Going to the beach to have fun finally. I think I deserve to have a little mistake after being locked in for a year just because of people like you. I hope I don't kill anyone. Oh well, wish me luck!
Bruh, not the ppl who are taking the opportunity to cancel him, smh
Governors and mayors won't even care about it  I don't know what you should dr mike  Do whatever the hell you wanna do you're free you represent yourself ... Only
Testing isn't a negative pass to go do what you want. I'm from Scotland. I'm an immunologist with specialism in cardiac inflammation. I'm meant to be moving to the USA to begin a research project on the effects of COVID inflammation on the heart after the university I work for here made us all redundant due to cut research funding by the UK gov. I've been waiting 7 months for my visa after forking out hundreds and hundreds of dollars for it, because the US embassy in London is still shut. Despite having multiple profs, writing to ambassadors, congressmen, reps, etc etc etc I can't get my visa. I can't travel to the USA as we're banned from entering. I can't even see my sister who is a Nurse who lives 21 miles away because she lives in a Tier 4 zone and I live in Tier 2 and travel is banned between the two. I wont see anyone for Christmas. I can't see my family, I can't start my new job, I'm left in limbo unemployment but its fine for you to tell us all to stay at home, wear a mask, wash our hands, and yet you're out partying with people who are plastering it all over social media. I'm angry, so very angry, because some how you can go do this. You know how I spent my 31st birthday last month? Crying because I was alone, unemployed, and the embassy had sent me another out of office email telling me unless I have relatives dying in the USA that I need to go see, they can't help me. The sheer hypocrisy of it is astounding. I know I'll get flack for being upset about it, because while critical research that can save lives in a pandemic is blocked because it's too dangerous for us to travel, its some how fine for you to do what you want. People arn't upset that people are using you for nefarious purposes, they're upset that you've been hypocritical.
so cute how a bunch of ... moist... young women go for a full mental gymnastics workout in order to justify their internet idols blatant hypocrisy.
He isn't sorry he went out and lived. He is sorry he was caught and hypocrisy laid bare. No context matters here.
Why are you apologizing. You did nothing wrong going on a boat with your friends. Those who got mad about it are a bunch of sissies who can go and stick there heads in the corner and hide and whimper on there own. You apologizing and pandering to those snowflake pansies pisses me off more than what you did.
well what were you thinking?!!!!! CLOWN.
He’s a whole doctor and he wanna be with thots 😂
Be alert not anxious. You have helped me on how to cope with this, and you are Doing so much more than a lot of people. This thanksgiving it was just suppose to be ourselves and one other family, which they are family friends.. We all tested negative, we weren’t wearing our masks. Then more and more uninvited family friends showed up 2/3 families showed up, including someone I hadn’t seen in like 4/5 years! My house isn’t that big! And not to mention the uninvited guests brought 2 dogs. My dad hates dogs in the house, and is allergic, not to mention we’re in this whole pandemic! I was having an anxiety attack. We felt rude to kick them out, like they know this. But we’re to nice, and I feel like they took advantage of that. We disinfected multiply times while they were over, only my family and the ones we actually invited ended up wearing masks. Luckily they only stayed to eat then left, But man, that was stressful, inconsiderate, and very rude of them. I’m not mad at you for going out and enjoy your family who you hadn’t seen in a while possibly, because I know You would take the necessary precautions. So we all make mistakes it’s ok. Be alert not anxious.
When I saw it in the media I really didn't want to believe. I actually avoided clicking on these sites because it couldn't be true. I'm your fan for a long time, and I have been trying to do everything right. Following your advice. But I have to say that everybody sometimes messes up. I did. I tried to go sight seeing one weekend when I knew I shouldn't. And rightfully so got stopped and reprimanded by the police. So, I was waiting for you side of this story. I knew I could wait for the truth from you. Thank you for your honesty, for your apologies and for always trying to help. And I'm sorry that with the public figure that you are now, you can't even make mistakes without getting to be this big.
You didn't make an "oopsy", you fucking hack. You knew from jump you were in the wrong. But hey, "rules for thee and not for me," right?
Geez, some of the comments here are really cut throat. We all need to assess our own personal risk levels and take the precautions that we need. Sounds like the Doctor did that. Yes, COVID is serious, but we can’t let it dictate every single aspect of our lives, rich or poor... ESPECIALLY the poor that are unemployed and going bankrupt because of idiotic states that keep shutting everything down. Sorry to get political, but COVID is killing middle class America. Not health wise, it’s killing it economically! All we can do is take precautions like using masks, having certain barricades up between service workers, using hand sanitizers and disinfectants, and quarantine yourself after traveling. Our mental health is just as important as our physical health.
I like how this apology was crafted: Explain how you did nothing wrong, but sorry for getting caught.  He even repeats again, "Even though I followed all of the guidelines...your negative comments hurt."
If everyone got tested, and you followed protocol, I do not see how you did something so wrong. Dr Mike, be safe and do what you want, just dont post about it or let friends post about it because people will always find something to criticize.
You are a liar. Period. Sorry you got caught and that is it. Ian Malcolm said it best. (Your apology) is one big pile of S.
This is a terrible thing you did. In China you would be shot for this. You should be ashamed of yourself. You’re a doctor?  No excuses. None. Sorry apology not accepted.
So much people trusted your words when it comes to the pandemic rules. Can’t believe you can’t follow your own rules!
Smooth move Doc.  It sure didn’t look like you were concerned about the “rules” concerning COVID on that party boat.  Ya gotta practice what you preach Doc.  I’m listening to your apology and it just smacks of hypocrisy.
Trash taking advice from trash, makes sense.
Grandma killer
Nope, you just got caught. His apology reminded me of the train monkey scene in Gone Girl, you acknowledge your mistakes publicly for damage control. It’s quite disappointing because he was so critical about the seriousness of COVID but behind the scenes, he doesn’t practice it. Also the “I am human” excuse is just ugh, more like “I am a doctor, and a public figure, I have a responsibility to practice what I preach because there are idiots out there who might make an excuse out of me for their social gatherings.”  P.S. Other YouTubers should watch this and take notes for a “proper” apology video, many people are sold 😂
Of course he won’t post this to his main channel. Tell what happened to 57k people who potentially didn’t know or 6 million? Lol. Simple math.
Wait did I miss it or did he address the deleting people’s comments?
Human garbage
Don't wear a mask when doing water activities: correct Small number of people onboard: correct. No social distancing : wrong
Its totally fine,we all make mistakes infact mistakes are what made us a better person...we learn through our mistakes..
Maybe all the people you have judged this whole time live alone as well? Maybe they are getting tested as well? How can you judge a mass of people without knowing their story? You did it in almost every COVID video. Such a hypocrite.
It's not just your risk level but your friends risk level too, did they go back to families, etc. I was really disappointed to see this. It's not just your mistake because i see it all day in the hospital.
Dr mike...i messed up    Yes... we all learn from our mistakes to have a better live Thank you for admitting...God bless u🙏
If he lived in my country he would be fined or (arrested in some cases). Another reason why America is failing with the corona virus
We need to forgive he is a kind person and he made one mistake we all make mistakes so why are we trashing him when he's asking for forgiveness I know this is just another random comment but to those who are trashing him what mistakes have you made and been forgiven for  we should share that forgiveness
So disappointed. My baby didn’t even get to see her grandparents on her first birthday because of this pandemic. And this rich boy flies off to Miami to play playboi on a yacht for his birthday.
In a photo there are clearly 15 people and the MAX capacity on a boat at Miami is currently 10. Either he lied or the boat regulations recently changed.  Edit: People say he might have also deleted comments about this situation on his main channel before this vid went up. He might have wanted to address that because that upset a lot of people.
Anyone believing this apology needs to see a real doctor.
Hypocrite
This is just awful. Those of us without money to throw around have been locked in our apartments since March scared of getting sick because we don’t have the insurance premiums that would save us. Then the rich get to do whatever they want. But I’m not surprised from a doctor who would take money from and endorse a horrible, garbage program like Noom.
What an idiot. The problem isn’t that someone celebrates their birthday, like any normal person should. The problem is the preaching about quarantining THE HEALTHY. That is the stupid part about this whole nonsense.
What concerns you the most is negative comments?   Are you serious
This should be on your main channel...
Yeah I'm sure when he surprised you with a boat first thing you did was go online to see if you had to wear a mask on the water.    You are such a clown
All I hear is excuses
I see a lot of people commenting that he should have put this on his main channel and it’s true. The only reason I found this is because I looked it up. I’ve seen the photos and it looks really bad, kinda a slap in the face to the people who were effected by this so harshly. I’m glad he addressed it but it also kinda feels like he’s just sorry he got caught.
Omg people were attacking Dr. Mike? I literally can't with this society. NOBODY HAS "DONE THE RIGHT THING" THIS ENTIRE PANDEMIC! You don't have to apologize!!
Dear Diary......       Came here because of Mark Dice. 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I’m just disgusted that he seems to be the typical Miami dbag on their yachts with fake women. Money can really kill off a great person. That’s too bad.
Boo! Check out my sweet video about this deal (::
This comment section is full of sheep.
Party mike!!
Goofball..
A total privileged liar and hypocrite
Leave him alone. For those of you saying you’re disappointed- Dr. Mike continues to be a great example for us. One mistake doesn’t define a person. Stop trying to control people. He’s owning up to his decision which is more than most. No one is perfect or should feel like they need to be.
I'm disappointed Mike 😔
You gave excuses then a half apology then more excuses. Admirable. Bold. Brave.
YOU ARE CANCELLED
Who would refuse a boat full of prostitutes you didn't have to pay for???
Pardon the joke. That's a boat load of bullshit.
Meh, I think you're being to hard on yourself. You didn't do anything wrong. You work hard and earned the right to a restful day on a boat. You followed guidelines and did the right thing. People complain about celebs, complaining that they have to quarantine in their mansions with everthing they could possibly want readily at hand. This is not the same. You had a friend offer you something, and you accepted.  Nothing is wrong with it! You even had the forethought of checking CDC guidelines for guidance. No, you shouldn't have apologized.  Don't apologize for success, you deserve it.  You had an opportunity and took it. Bruh, your good. We're good, keep up the wonderful work you do and I love your video's. Keep them coming.✌😎
Putting this on the side channel to hide it and just apologizing isn't enough. You were a hypocrite for this. Your actions could have killed someone, just like we've been warned for months. How dare you.
Bro, chill. I think all of this is stupid. Dr. Mike is also a human and he can mess up some times. All of us have forgotten our masks or simply stopped caring about the pandemic.
Hahahaha typical. Do wrong then say “ I messed up, I need to do better”. And continue to be a hypocrite. You’re only sorry because you got caught
this is so disappointing
Interesting. Curious what you would have done if the picture never surfaced and you didn’t get busted.    We are all human and selfish.  A private boat party is hard to turn down.  Checks and balances are important.  I’m glad some ppl are keeping those telling others what to do in check.  Be less didactic and more empathetic.    So... the plan is to apologize and then go back to telling ppl not to do what you did?  should work!  People are forgiving when they like you.  Many public figures have recovered and thrived from worse ✌🏼
What pisses us off is the fact that you lie to us about the pandemic! YOU did not worry about protocol! YOU know it’s bunk and nothing to worry about! YOU LIAR! It’s NOT RISKY FOR 99% of us!
We all make mistakes, especially with all the psychological pressure this pandemic has put on all of us. The fact that you’re a doctor doesn’t make you immune to making these types of mistakes, you’re still human, you still missed your friends and your family. At least you did it talking all the precautions. And the fact that you’re here apologizing and saying you’ll try to do better, puts you above all those people who can’t for their lives admit that they’re wrong. I’ve got much respect and appreciation for you. I know opportunists are just trying to use your name in their game of science denial. Just keep being you, and you’ll still have the support of the people who admire you so much.
I would absolutely agree on everything, but you're missing one thing: You didnt specially tell us in this apology on why you had to block words in that post, its like you want us to forget that this pandemic exist.  Overall, this is a decent apology. Im glad you've had aknowledgment that what you did was wrong, but I will never understand why you went to the party and restricted words to hide it.
Seems like now every major YouTuber has an apology video for something.  But why is this not on the main channel? What is there to hide?
This is just like that Tinder experiment when the guy used a hot model and said he was a pedophile, and every girl was cool with it. This video and comment section have that energy.
Thank you for your honesty.   Bless you and all health care workers.
What a load. The only reason little Dr Mike is making this video is because he got caught. Just another lame hypocrite who wants to use his screw up to play the role a victim.
Can everyone acknowledge this for a second, he is a person and people make mistakes. Even though he is famous he is no different than any of you. I am sure you have messed up during the pandemic so take it lightly and accept the apology.
A few doctors get together to have fun and relieve stress during a global pandemic... personally I don’t see anything wrong with it. They need a breather and social interaction just like any of us.
youre a weak man
I don't think you messed up at all. People these days look for any little thing to be outraged over. People WANT to be angry and have something they feel they're fighting against. You are just the most recent victim of outrage culture.
He definitely messed up but you all are being way too harsh about this. He clearly cares and made a mistake in judgement after almost a year of quarantining and following guidelines. No one is perfect, and I don't expect him to be perfect every second of his life either
First off, this video is just refreshing in such ...gross?... times. This pandemic is uncharted territory. The number of times we have all “messed up” and continue to mess up as the science catches up will be for the future to decide when they look back. All we can do right now is our very best to keep our neighbors, friends, family, and self safe. I don’t think any of us will get it right every time. Unfortunately (or fortunately?), those with a platform have many eyes on them and those who will call them out for those mess ups, but Dr. Mike’s setting a great example of ownership. There are no easy answers, no guide book. Let’s be kind and understanding towards ourselves and others.
You've severely downplayed your mistake here. Y'all could have at least set things up so you could've maintained distance on the boat instead of being on top of each other. What you have done is leading to further death because of your being a doctor. It is such a slap in the face for you to see directly what covid patients are going through, and then do what you did.
Can someone explain to me what happened?
Admit this is a hoax already! You know it, I know it, we all should know it.
What a scumbag he’s sorry he got caught...it’s disgusting reading the comments and seeing many people fall for this bc he wears a white lab coat
It’s ok. Everyone messes up and you are no different. Everyone who is saying you are a bad person now is wrong. All you can do now is learn from it and try to not do it again. You still have a place in all of our hearts, never forget that.
Honest question/ food for thought:   I was likely a false negative for Covid back in March. I'd had Swine flu and other severe illnesses, but had never before felt like my ribs had been ace wrapped while coughing. Regardless, with the mask regulations I have had more colds this single lock down than I did working in rural, K-12 schools teaching music in previous years... combined.   I can therefore conclude the masks are a negative contributing factor to my overall health. If a reasonably healthy, even if overweight, 30 something has caught one or two colds/ bugs lasting 3-5 days per month (not aligned with menstruation symptoms) when previously I only got sniffles at seasonal changes, and I am no longer in as microbial rich an environment as Kindergarteners singing followed by splattered trumpet and saxophone juice, and the only other factor is a cotton mask that traps such microbes against my facial orifices... it doesn't make sense to me why we're risking our breathing quality and overall health to a disease many people are overcoming. I am in no means down playing the severity of Covid, what I had in March was an awful week (less juicy than Swine Flu though). But I keep getting sick, other essential workers like myself are in similar health situations, and the only major change are these mandated face sponges making it hard to breathe.   Also, again, "Rules for thee and not for me." I personally believe we should be responsible and come to our own conclusions as you did, not forced by the government to comply with unfairly enforced regulations. I see public figures like the Cuomo's, CA's governor and yourself flagrantly disregard the rules you've spout, then apologize when caught... yet when us common folk forget a mask at the grocery store or are socially distanced walking in the park the cops are called on us. Let us make our own assessments; no one knows our bodies and needs like we do, and masks might be doing more harm than good (I know the laws are anyway).   Best wishes.
This comment section is bananas.
Just own that this pandemic isn't as scary as y'all been making it out to be. Sheesh.
This should definitely have been posted to your main channel
I’m honestly disappointed. I’ve been at home after losing my housekeeping business because my immune system is compromised... you’ve been the calm collected voice of reason through this pandemic for me. I feel there’s a set of rules that doesn’t apply if you’re in a certain tax bracket. I don’t feel going to Florida was a big deal as long as you were to wear a mask and social distance but that’s not what I saw in the pictures. We all get caught up and do selfish things but with your platform and this pandemic being so awful... please be better.
It's okay. We all mess up from time to time.
The nonapolgy apology nice
Why here and not on you MAIN channel? Not sus, not sus at all 🙄
Sooo you need better friends (? You could just say 'no'. You're not just a doctor, you are a PUBLIC doctor. I just recovered from covid, and i don't know how a got it; i just go out to work. I still suport you, but  this is a beat down. Just be cautious next time, you don't need to take pictures of everything you do in your life. Stay safe! Greatings from Argentina 🇦🇷
con artist
Lmfao I love it. I liked you because you went out and partied. But preaching people wear a mask and don’t 😂 I love when liberals get caught not practicing what they preach it’s hilarious to me. At least you didn’t laugh your way through like Gavin Newsom😂😂 omg 2020 is gold with all these apology videos
Perfect, so we can all take the precautions you did and still go on with our lives then right? 👀
It is good that you really aren't afraid of the ccpvirus scamdemic any more than we are.  When are you going to stop selling out to the criminals and say what you really know and believe?
Actions speak louder than words A hole! No one believes you anymore you clown
I’m glad you had fun  👍🏽 What you did show us WE WILL BE FINE 😄! In what you are saying, hear every other corrupt politician who has gone against what they’ve said.  Every flight (8) ✈️ I took from June to October, was PACKED! PEOPLE ARE STILL LIVING LIFE life just like you. And the survival rate for this thing according to your CDC is what?! 🤔 yeah we’ll be fine. All the stuff I did this summer, hanging with friends, bike rides, workouts, hikes (lots of folks on the trails!)  plane ✈️ rides, I didn’t get sick til I went BACK TO WORK! 😂 I’m fine 🙂 You’re just bummed you got caught. Your repentance means nothing without the regeneration, renewing of heart and mind through Jesus Christ anyway. Romans 12:1-2 Romans 1:16 Hebrews 11:6, 1John 1:8-10 😄
Where was your mask pretty boy? Tryna Impress the ladies like true simp, get outta here with this nonsense, put this video on your main page if you got any balls.
You're not sorry Dr. Mike for what you did! You're sorry that you got caught! Anyone else still believe this pandemic is anything but a lie at this point!
Just another clown, get's caught is worried about add revenue so spills his guts about how sorry he and he's human so you've got to forgive him.  Don't worry your in good company, like the governor of California, senator Diane Feinstein, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, Mayor of Denver, Sean Penn, Head of the California Medical Association, and many more hypocrites who've been caught so they've come out and lied about their human and mistakes so we should forgive them as well.  I would have respect for you or any of the other hypocrites named above if you all just had the gut's to tell the truth that you self important and believe that the rules don't apply to you or any of them because of your standing in society.
U messed up?...does one of your $1,000,000.00 malpractice insurance policies cover this you CLOWN?...ERR..umA dOos bEdDah...u Do That pal👍
just another rich influencer making another empty apology to save face. just like the rest. moving on.
Just admit you were virtue signaling. We all know you were.
You knew better but all those chicks in bikinis caused you to think with your little head and not your big head.
To err is human.
LMAO this is so fake I can't even keep a straight face watching this :'D Bro, you're not sorry at all. I don't even care that you partied. Just don't be a liar
No worries, Mike.  We really don't have any high expectations for you, not at all.  Self-proclaimed elites and gurus generally set the bar pretty low for themselves while demanding high standards of others.  We know that.  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why isn't this on your main channel? It'd mean a lot more there. Coming from a country that has got this under control by doing the right thing... This was pure privlige. And the fact you don't have the guts to put it on main is just. Not it man.
No one is no saint. Please don't let the negative on the internet pulls you down!!!
Shame Shame on you You are a doctor and part of the problem.
Bet not every single person on that boat thought about their own risk or the risk of people they regularly hang out or live with. I haven't seen my side of my family in Texas this whole year when I regularly take like 3 trips to see them because I have high risk relatives who might get infected and can't afford the best treatments. I've unsubbed quite a few people during this year and now Dr Mike is on that list.
Muppet.
You're being transparent...kinda like your shirt. 🤣 Still a fan,  no one is perfect.
Hypocrite.
Beeewoop! 🤣
I found myself surprised and disappointed when this story ran across my news feed.  I had to first check the source to insure its integrity.   As a Dr. & a public figure your actions are always being scrutinized. With your influence of providing important information about Covid-19 to millions it is still hard to find the explanation for the lapse in judgment.  I truly believed after checking the guidelines and weighing the risk of your safety and others you couldn’t imaging the implications this might have on your career and celebrity.  We are all human and can make mistakes.  I feel that putting this video out now can and will help recover your merit as an influential personality to the medical community.  As a general contractor I tell my workers all the time to fess up to messing up, myself included.  The quicker we can recognized a mistake and take ownership of it, we allow more time to resolving the issue a can make it a lesson for others and ourselves.  I believe that this is a great opportunity to talk about bulling and per pressure. How it can come from friends and family not just an outside aggressor.  I wish you and all the people on the boat well and I wish to see you over come this and use this as an opportunity to grow.
Thanks MIKE ! Virtual hugs from Puerto Rico!
Dr Mike! I'm lucky to live in an area where covid is not so wide spread. I voluntarily isolated as much as possible for nearly 9 months. At first it wasn't so bad, until September when I started feeling 'trapped'.  Don't beat yourself up over it. After nearly a year of covid  and living responsibly, one day of responsible fun is ok. (Responsible fun ha! Oxymoron?)  So I don't accept your apology because I don't think you have anything to apologize for.
I'm pleased he had the human decency to do this, lots of people wouldn't have.  Edit: I don't personally think what he did was wrong, but I disagree with the hipocracy.
Doctor, you’re great my man. Don’t listen to the haters. We all have lives too.
I think this was a good apology and one I feel good accepting however I wish you posted this on your main channel rather that a clips channel. As someone who's been subscribed to the main channel for a long time, I didn't even know this one existed
I would be lying if I said I'm not extremely disappointed in you. As somebody who chooses to put yourself out in social media and presents a message of caring and public responsibility. You're a highly educated individual with the ability to analyze very difficult situations you should've foreseen the damage this would do to your brand not to mention your professional integrity. I looked to you for support and reassurance that my family was doing the right thing as we watched people close to us including family members literally break the law. Unfortunately my respect for you is now completely tarnished. The way that you attempted to hide the allegations through social media and the fact that you were failing to post this on your main channel shows you are cowering away and not really owning it.  I understand everybody's humans and that they do make mistakes but you need to understand the position you placed yourself in on social media holds you to a higher accountability than the average person. You chose to visit a state that has extremely lax guidelines and you chose to have a party versus public safety.  Thanks for breaking my heart along with thousands of others this year. My mother-in-law took her own life during this pandemic because she wasn't able to socialize with those close to her so pardon me if I have very little empathy for you missing your buddies. Unsubscribed.
Just admit it. Covid 19 isn't as bad as you've been saying it is. Your bank account should make you feel better when you lay your head down at night and realize you're one of the worst kinds of doctors, a charlatan. You're sorry you got caught. Period.
This guy is what you call a cheap car sales man. lol what can you really expect from a frat boy?
Ive noticed all the people showing him support comments are young women. They will make fun of themselves for doing this in about five years.
You your fear mongering the fear-mongering of the media and the fear-mongering of the left and then you go out and you do the opposite of what you tell everybody to do. You all can stick your apologies where the sun don't shine. Now I know why I stopped following you.  Rules for the day but not for me I'm sick of it. I look around and I see that people aren't dying anymore this so-called virus has a 99% recovery rate and yet you are always fear-mongering. As an American I stand up and say not no but hell no and screw you all. Screw your masks screw your social distancing and screw  your lockdown
Rediculous
You shouldn't have to live your life as a saint because conspiracy theorists want to use any mistake you make as fuel for their insanity. Why should we pander to their idiocy? You are a human, you made informed choices. Don't apologise for that. The conspiracy theorists certainly won't apologise when theu finally see their own stupidity & selfishness. I love that you are big enough to apologise for something that is quite frankly nothing. Keep being you, & don't let the bar stewards grind you down 🖤❤️
Yea, check with the cdc before you hang out with a bunch of chicks in bikinis
Disgrace, one rule for us peasants and another for you hypocritical elitest!! Your conman sir and hope you think twice next time you decide to virtue signal to masses!
You looked cautious
Typical hypocrite. Pos
Honestly I was going to jump on the hate bandwagon. But honestly your just human we all make mistakes. It's just ppl are Fed Up with celebrities telling us to do one thing and they do whatever they want to do. That's the only thing I have a problem with.
The only thing disappointing about this is that the doctor keeps promoting the ridiculous guidelines, mask mandates, social distancing, and general panic inducing orthodoxy of the left.
Dude, you got yourself in the middle of a huge group picture with no masks or social distancing in sight. And here you are like "it was on a big enough boat and we were swimming so it's all good, it's only bad because the impact". I hope the party was worth your credibility. Bye!
But if Trump did it, Dr. Mike would say what a terrible human he is. I especially like how the closeted Dr. Mike poses with women on his gaycation while behind closed doors, all the other people in the photos are men.
So basically when a high profile person, such as Doctor Mike & Gavin Newsom “mess up” and apologizes publicly we accept them with open arms despite the fact they aren’t following the strict guidelines they preach. I will also add, some areas are being told they will be thrown in jail or have the police called on them for having “too many” family members over during a national holiday in their homes (which I might add, they cannot come into your home unless invited or have a warrant). I believe it was compared to by the Oregon governor as a party being too loud down the street. It just seems radical that the rules only apply to the average citizen and not the higher class individuals such as Doctor Mike and Mr. Newsom due to their extensive public influence. They are suppose to be leading by example. And the higher profile individuals who comment on this video and are saying “ah it’s okay man. We’re human”, you are as much as a hypocrite as he is.
Your biggest regret was getting caught.
Disappointed I must admit :/
I am very happy doc that you know when it was right to admit when it is wrong. I hope people see the good you instate to this world
Doctor Mike is a POS
being forced to apologize for hanging out with your real life friends is the stupid. Cause they are gonna have your back at the end of all this. Social media must be really bored this month
As a long time viewer and promoter to your channel this is disheartening. My mother has always been a tough women to get her to go to the doctor. Through your videos I have been able to convince her so she can get proper medical treatment. She finally was listening and going and getting medical treatment. Also, listening and following the guidelines of the CDC you preached.  Sadly, all of that hard work is lost. My mother showed me the photos and videos of you with your friends. She said if he's not wearing a mask and is going out I too will do the same. You are human and make mistakes this is true. What is also true is your a Doctor and these kinds of mistakes are selfish and wrong. You knew better and choose to be selfish, I truly hope you learn from this mistake. As the impact you have is greater than you think.
Dr Mike, I have a lot of respect for you and appreciate the apology, but this video needs to be on your main channel. This apology doesn't mean much unless you can be openly honest to 𝘢𝘭𝘭 your viewers.
That headline is every liberals worst fear
Us peasants had to skip seeing loved ones since the spring. I lost Easter, Mother's Day, the 4th of July, Halloween, Thanksgiving, ect. with my Grandma due to this. My son misses his great grandmother like crazy. She has non-hodgkin's lymphoma. We don't have her much longer.   I'm having a hard time accepting this apology. One, you couldn't even post this on your main channel.  Two, I've seen the pictures of your Florida vacation. From what I saw, that boat was over capacity and there was zero social distancing.   The line between your joeschmoe and your rich person is really wide
Dr. Mike: the WHO said lockdowns are not beneficial. The spicoligical and economical impact in the all the world (third world countries). People are not getting proper treatment for cáncer, lupus, and other cronic illness, etc.
You nailed it when you said, “I am young.” Young people make mistakes, even well educated and compassionate doctors.  Where you got it right was to realize you messed up but were willing to admit it, learn from it, and move forward. If the stories about you trying to cover it up are accurate, you should know better. Now you do. You do so much good. Reasonable people will forgive this indiscretion, I know I do. At 73, I know wisdom comes gradually. No doubt, you are much wiser from this experience. Keep doing good. We need you.
Everyone makes mistakes. Don’t sweat it !  You’ve done enough good for this world.  Don’t let this break you down.  You live and you learn 😎
If he were being sincere he would post this on his main channel.
*RULES FOR THEE, BUT NOT FOR ME*
You're a fake. You support 50% PCR accuracy rates testing for Coronavirus(flu family) cases instead of the RNA of Covid-19 with no increase of hospitalizations or deaths in the US. People are committing suicide and losing their businesses so you can oppress their life with your lies to be popular and build a brand. You stink.
Hmm...well I’ll be.  I am a new subscriber  that was hesitant to subscribe. There is literally no hope if someone who is a DOCTOR who knows he is popular and knows he is easily recognizable to do this. You are  also putting your patients at risk. I’d rather you just say you  wanted to do it and wasn’t concerned about the risk because of how isolating the pandemic has been as a single person.  So idk how much of a mistake it was. I also would be side eyeing my friend.
Unconscionable and regrettable. As a public figure you are held to a higher standard. You really did mess up. And making excuses doesn’t help. You were wrong. Period. You put yourself and others at risk. No excuses. Man up.
Mimbo
Dr Mike = POS.
Haha just pandering to y’all so he can stay relevant. This is getting so tired
I am disappointed but not in Dr. Mike. In y’all trying to eat him up alive for one gathering. So what? We’re human. We make mistakes. Oops.  Oh also. This is exactly why I hate fame. Just because someone is famous that doesn’t mean that they have to live up to your standards they’re humans just like you so stop stalking them every second of their life. Let people live.
...what happens when a Drone steps out of line.
I don’t see how you messed up. We are now getting close to the one year mark and everyone needs a break to just breath and have fun. You did so in a safe and respectful manner. I have more respect for you in the way you went about apologizing and explaining how you having a good night has now affected ALOT of people, and I don’t think that people should be using you to bash the restrictions in place, you followed all of them. You took the time to make sure that you knew what the guidelines were for the situation you would be in. I commend you for that. Keep doing what you do. ♥️♥️
Hey Doc, You did nothing wrong. You only demonstrated that every American should have the right to make their own decisions without government/CDC mandates...Nothing wrong with partying and having a good time..
Hmmm yeah. This was calculated and now you're going to apologise on your second channel? Your country is falling apart. Your privilege is hanging out 🙄
You are more of a person to be thinking of seeing the guidelines for a boat and such. Not many people are being that on top of these precautions.  In my opinion,  you shouldn't have to apologize. You are human but also dealing with the stress of the pandemic like anyone of us. You are one of the docs that are real and don't play mind games with your viewers. Remember that. Because the loyal ones stick around. We all need to blow off steam during these times. Don't feel bad about that.
This guy is a FREAKING JOKE !!! so because he “apologized” we forgive and forget. How about the many other people that have apologized and they get grilled for it that some have lost their job. Come on and they all have the same freaking excuse “it was surprise , I didn’t know”
oh man.
I really accept this apology because he is accepting of the criticism although that’s tough.
This is kind of a joke. This goes against what you've said? No it falls in with everything you've said. The only impact you have to consider is the real world affect in relation to covid. Swayed by public opinion.
You are not taking an anti scientific risk. This isn’t a mistake this is something we all should be doing. Evaluating our own risks. If you lived with your parents or grandparents I’m sure you wouldnt have gone out but you live by yourself. You’re also what appears to be a very healthy young man (idk if you have preexisting conditions). The place we are at now is the problem you are in. Should the government be allowed to determine everyone’s level of risks or should the people be given that responsibility?
👏👏👏
Definition of a hypocrite. You’re only sorry because you got caught. Rules for thee but not for me
Honestly bro, call it quits now from your online charade. Happens once it’s gonna happen again. And your a DR here. This is just some sad stuff
I'm disappointed.
Pathetic to watch this
We’ve heard this apology many times from others who have thrown parties. It’s all privilege. You should’ve known better. Jfc, this apology isn’t even on your main channel.  I’m very hurt and disappointed in you, but I’m honestly not surprised.
Why do you think people like this guy, Governor Newsom, Nancy Pelosi and all of their rich friends get caught not following the rules and guidelines they preach to you about every day? Think about it
Rules for thee but not for me
So you dont have to wear a mask or social distance when you are on a boat with models
What happened???
Dr. Mike that is all we can do. I appreciate when people own what they have done and are able to talk about it. As people we need to remember that no one is perfect and to learn from our mistakes. We have all made them no matter the severity. Thank you.
You got caught and your hypocrisy was exposed you privileged SOB!
He's not a prophet, he's still just a regular guy... He's the lowest form of celebrity so can we just acknowledge he fucks up like we all do and move on..? Reese Witherspoon got pulled over once and pulled the "do you know who I AM?" Bulls#|t to avoid being ticketed or whatever... So what? Does it make her a horrible person? He's not better or worse than anyone... Stop acting like he can't screw up and get away with it... I think he really does regret the party and likely won't make the SAME mistake again.. Relax :. He will mess up again for sure.. Not a big deal.
This breaks my heart. You are human and have been working hard. It’s important to burn stress in positive ways. You may have made a mistake but please don’t be so hard on yourself. You assessed the risk, you were not ill and you followed protocol. People are doing much worse.  Xoxo
I know that time will come and you will explain yourself about the issue being thrown at you and I did not judged you based on those snap shots alone. i stand by and wait for this moment. im still with you doc mike. thank you for clarifying things ❤️❤️❤️
Come on man.        Just have the balls to admit that you are not worried about the covid 19 virus and you really enjoyed having all those half naked women around you.     At least then I would have an ounce of respect for you.
Ted Bundyesque in its narcissism. Beyond creepy.
Dr. Moron, please..
I'm sorry I got caught.
I’ve been following you since I found your video talking about the pandemic a few months ago. You’re one of the few sources of information I trust on the topic. Thank you for all your hard work and what a beautiful apology. This changes nothing for me. I will still be going to your pages for covid info especially as this vaccine comes out.
Honestly I think there is no need to apologise, humans are naturally social animals and we need each other to survive, Covid is a huge change in everyone's life and to put restriction on basically generations of a "normal lifestyle" ( meeting ppl etc) is hard. We should seriously follow health protocols , but I don't think there should be an exception to who can have a slip up here and there as it's bound to happen as we try to approach a "new normal".
meanwhile i was stuck on a cruise ship in miami seeing all these people in miami partying on yachts, while cdc would not give us permission to even walk around the port, it was really frustrating as a crewmember whou could not go back home, miami is full of irresponsible people, Dr Mike i hope this wont affect much on your message because i do believe youve been doing such a great work and i as a doctor myself have been following you and your videos because they were very accurate and informative specially because i didnt have much internet on the ship so id just follow you to get the newest info about covid, that was really dumb on your part because the sad thing is people are not going to see your hard work theyre just going to see you were hypocrite and went on a boat party while you kept telling everyone to mantain social distancing, anyway youre young and people make mistakes hope everything goes back on track for you and i do and still appreciate your videos, stay safe and healthy
He is sorry he got caught. That's all. Tells how he researched swimming and boating but knew all along he was not social distancing which has proven to be most important and he knows that.
you should post this on your main channel, people need to watch this video!
He wears a mask when its convenient. But if there's a chance he might get laid or to impress some ladies, all his principles go out the window. Dr. Mike is the ultimate simp. Keep whining about how you got caught you disingenuous liar.
If you are truly sorry put this on your main channel
People need to stop blaming these friends. Dr.Mike is an adult, he can decide to do whatever he likes, including this. The blame falls solely on him here. He knew this was dangerous, and is only posting this apology to save face, hence why its not on the main channel.
Wait.... where did u mess up?.. we love u and u did No Harm here!!
Aww Dr.Mike, you are human . We are all human . There would be a million apology videos like this on the internet if everyone who has made mistake like this took responsibility, you are under a huge microscope because of the recognition & fans you have.I still love you Dr.Mike, apology accepted.
Is anyone actually believing that his friends “surprised” him with a boat full of women? C’mon people y’all can’t believe he had no idea what was going to happen?!
I was concerned when I heard about Miami, that the anti-maskers would run with this, using you as 'proof' that the virus is fake and saying 'Oh but this doctor doesnt wear masks, he works in the field and he obviously knows the truth about covid, it's not real' etc etc.  I get it, maybe you wanted to feel normal again, life has changed for everyone. But yeah, you and everyone on that boat f**k up.
In other words you're a hypocrite and the only reason you're apologizing is because you got caught.
I think his apology was actually sincere and genuine unlike many other Youtubers but I'm still very disappointed in Dr. Mike. I mean he is a board certified doctor after all so I'm shocked that he didn't think about the repercussions... Also, why wasn't this video posted on the main channel? 🤔
Excuses  excuses excuses and a hypocrite.
I can’t believe people take this seriously! This is the is The most insincere fake apology I’ve seen in a long time. Why are people so easily dooped. He’s a bad actor
Ladies and Gentlemen, cancel culture at its finest. Congrats Dr. Mike you've made it. You ain't a real Youtuber until you have your first controversy and buch of losers trying to cancel you.
His biggest regret is that people are posting bad things about him. That tells you a lot about what manner of person he is.
Boycott this fake doc!!!!
IDK but I think u r gonna cry after this video.. no matter Mike. Everyone will make mistake 💛🤞
U should know better :))
Hoping this gets posted on your main channel with millions more subs than this clip channel to a mere tens of thousands of subs.
I'm so sick of you hypocrites and your fake crocodile tears. Yeah. Cry about your birthday boat. Mark Dice has a great video about you today.
"I'm sorry I got caught."
While your apology hit all the proper points, lets be real, we expected nothing less. For the entirety of this pandemic the vast majority have sat home with unpaid rent, no job, and bare cupboards looking to the educators of the world before making our next move. We follow all of the rules and, as hard as its been, maintain our lives as best as we can. We listen and watch for any educated update and trust anyone whose main argument is science. Then we watch the parties, the celebrations, the blatant disregard and lack of integrity wishing for one second that we could be out, doing anything, with our loved ones. My point? The wealthy do not have to live by the same standards as the the rest of us "poor folk". You gave your apology, you will lose no momentum in your life, and this will be forgotten in a week. Don't sweat it.   I can't even say I'll unsubscribe because the delivery of facts is just too appealing to me.
Please rename this "when I get  caught"
i respect you coming out and apologizing, not trying to excuse it all and admitting that you're wrong but im still pretty disappointed in you...i don't think I can forgive you yet, im still very sad and angry with you but maybe, one day i can go back to watching your videos without distrust, but right now? Im still trying to decide if you really meant the apology or you just addressed it because media covered it. I hope you know that this changed your image forever, i understand that you're human and that you make mistakes but you've done some suspicious things, why delete comments asking you to address this when you say you deserve them? Why (allegedly) put a keyword filter on your comment section? Why not address this when people were asking on reddit? I wish you well and i hope one day i can truly believe you and go back to supporting you.
Hypocrisy at its best 👏👏👏
Covid has taken a toll and i dont blame you for wanting to blow steam.  Funny you wear a mask everywhere else except when you were potentially the most expsed to a group of people (i dont buy you just took it off for photos).  I spent my birthday on zoom alone in my apartment.  My trust in you broke seeing you in that party and and i dont know how you can do that when you wield such a huge influence.  Learn from your mistakes but as they say trust is a mirror and once it breaks the cracks remain even when its repaired.
I’m a nurse, and from the beginning of this pandemic, I have been telling my patients, coworkers, friends and family to watch your videos. Your videos on the virus give excellent information and you explained things very well. Whenever new information came out , I looked forward to hearing what you had to say about it, so I would know how to explain it to my patients. All the things I have been trying to explain to patients about this virus, your videos explained much more eloquently. I have been repeating you mantra of “Alert, not anxious”. In other words I have been a really big fan of yours and still am. But I gotta be honest, I am a bit disappointed. I’ve been hyping you up to everyone I know, pointing to you as a role model. So, it’s hard to not feel let down.   That being said, don’t stop. Keep making your videos on the pandemic. There’s too many sources giving misinformation, and we need more influencers like you to combat it. You made a mistake and you are owning up to it. This one mistake doesn’t negate all the good work you have done previously and it shouldn’t negate any good work you do from now on. I feel your apology is sincere. You made it clear that you understand the impact of your actions and you regret them.  You apologized and that’s all you can do. Don’t be too hard on yourself. I know some haters are gonna try to rub it in your face and discredit you. But ignore them. Keep doing what you’re doing. We still love you.
Dr. Mike, as a nurse and future DNP, I have to say that I am very disappointed in you.  Many of us, frontline workers, are putting ourselves at risk every single shift due to PPE shortages and dangerous understaffing. Now more than ever, we are feeling under-appreciated and lonely. Yet despite how lonely and stressed we are, we are making the hard choice to be responsible by staying home, and isolating ourselves from our own parents, spouses and kids even on birthdays and holidays. You probably do not remember me, but we worked in the same hospital during your residency. I often heard many colleagues dismissing you as someone who cared more about his image than his patients. I had always hoped that you had good intentions and that you would prove them wrong.  But seeing your recent behavior has left me feeling like maybe I was mistaken. I sincerely hope that you prove me wrong.
You are an amazing person! Congrats on this reflection video!
Boo! This is gross. About a minute in the explanation of why he decided to go on a boat should have been that. I absolutely hate when people cave to the Mob. These apology videos are always so uppity and pathetic. It makes me think less of Mike...oh excuse me, Dr. Mike. 🙄🙄🙄
1. This belongs on your main channel, you're trying to reduce the amount of people that find out you messed up. 2. It has taken you way too long to address it. Which indicates you were waiting to see if it would pass.  3. In any other country that took this actually seriously (unlike the US) you'd get fined (as you should).  4. Apologies are appreciated, but this feels more like damage control, for the reasons stated above.  5. No we're no cancelling you, but I hope you understand that many people won't be comfortable following you, and that your actions have damaged the very important message you have been spreading around these past months. Many people have missed out on weddings, funerals, baptisms, births, birthdays etc. You should have known better. But as a human we make mistakes and I appreciate you saying you'll learn from them. Let's hope it's true and that this "transparency" you talk about starts to show. The first step is: post this on your main channel and other social media platforms. Thank you.
We all make mistakes. This pandemic is long. We learn from our mistakes and become better person.
This is pathetic. Stop making excuses. It is insulting. You did what you wanted to do and you got caught. Practice what you preach or shut the hell up.
sorry I got caught, virtue signaling is hard
Is this guy a doctor or an actor? I am confused.... anyway... bad acting!
PANDEMIC
While your apology hit all the proper points, lets be real, we expected nothing less. For the entirety of this pandemic the vast majority have sat home with unpaid rent, no job, and bare cupboards looking to the educators of the world before making our next move. We follow all of the rules and, as hard as its been, maintain our lives as best as we can. We listen and watch for any educated update and trust anyone whose main argument is science. Then we watch the parties, the celebrations, the blatant disregard and lack of integrity wishing for one second that we could be out, doing anything, with our loved ones. My point? The wealthy do not have to live by the same standards as the the rest of us "poor folk". You gave your apology, you will lose no momentum in your life, and this will be forgotten in a week. Don't sweat it.   I can't even say I'll unsubscribe because the delivery of facts is just too appealing to me.
Why not your main channel
What a POS 'doctor'.
But the pictures show 15 of you on a boat not 10... all respect lost
There's a saying: No one is perfect.
Not sincere, should be on the main channel.
Smdh sounding like every democratic politician. How does anyone listen to this garbage.
It's very sad sometimes when someone is awesome as you still have to take all these mean commenting from just a simple free time activity. 😢
Btw unsubscribe and I’m taking my friends with me
While your apology hit all the proper points, lets be real, we expected nothing less. For the entirety of this pandemic the vast majority have sat home with unpaid rent, no job, and bare cupboards looking to the educators of the world before making our next move. We follow all of the rules and, as hard as its been, maintain our lives as best as we can. We listen and watch for any educated update and trust anyone whose main argument is science. Then we watch the parties, the celebrations, the blatant disregard and lack of integrity wishing for one second that we could be out, doing anything, with our loved ones. My point? The wealthy do not have to live by the same standards as the the rest of us "poor folk". You gave your apology, you will lose no momentum in your life, and this will be forgotten in a week. Don't sweat it.   I can't even say I'll unsubscribe because the delivery of facts is just too appealing to me.
The least sincere apology I have ever seen!!
Actions speak louder than words bud.  The people, who have stayed home and done the right thing are sick of these professionals and politicians not practicing what they preach, and trampleing our rights in the process. They obviously are not scared of Covid like they want the people to be.
I get that people make mistakes but how does someone with this much knowledge about the current situation call going out to party with a group of people without masks or any kind of social distancing "a mistake". It was a concious decision to not care about the fact that there's a pandemic going on. Social pressure does the weirdest things to people. That being said, I am very much against people being like "Dr. Mike is cancelled". Sometimes people's actions don't align with their morals and values, tho it is very disappointing in this case, it's still just human. Glad it was addressed in a video tho so everyone can hopefully move on and stop using this as an argument against masks and social distancing.
I think what people had issue with was that you’re a public figure who makes money giving advice about the pandemic. You can’t claim you were still within the CDC guidelines when you were less than 6 feet away (literally face to face) with others with no mask. Everything is a risk/benefit ratio, but you’ve become a public figure and a face to the pandemic, which is why I think it was so hard for people to see that.
I guess that 100% of people who left negative comments cannot say that they have never broken any rules or guidelines on COVID. Yes he is a public figure and there is perhaps more responsibility on him but at the end of the day he is only unperfec human as we all are, so stop pretending that politicians, medical staff are some kind perfect, super humans and give them a break.
Interesting that this isn’t on your main channel 🤔
dudes just sorry he got caught
So very disappointed, bad influence
🤔so it was true...thanks for admitting that dumb decision you chose to do
You didn't "mess up"  You "got caught"  Just like Gavin Newsome and the Mayor of Denver.   Just another lying, wealthy liberal who thinks his "rules" don't apply to him.  This is just more proof that people like Dr Mike, Gavin Newsome and Pelosi don't even believe their own preaching.   I just wonder how much longer they plan to keep this Psy-Op going.
They say character is what you do when no one is looking. Oh well, someone looked, and you appear to have none. End your  "media career" and actually be a  doctor, your words are of little value now.
Lol absolutely amazing. You need to get off the internet. Go get a regular 9-5 at a gas station.  That might be a job you are responsible enough for. You should not be talking about covid or guidelines.  You didnt follow any rule or guidelines. FAILURE. THAT IS WHAT YOU ARE!
Okay i think I get what he’s apologizing for but at the same time I have no clue.
Have balls as this should be posted on your main channel.
Nobody cares about that virus, people comply because if they don't they get fined
Why isn't this video on your main channel you hack
You are not sorry.  You are sorry you got caught!!!  Don't be sorry dude.  Go live your life.  This virus has a survival rate North of 99% in any age group.  For God sakes quit listening to the stupid media, and the dumbass politicians.
Good on you for owning up to your mistake and taking responsibility. I forgive you Dr. Mike
You didn’t post this to your main account with 6.5 million subscribers. You gonna let that ship slowly sink? Address it on all fronts and be transparent like you say.
When suicide rates are hired then covid death, there something fishi here
Actions speak louder than words. What a fucking joke.
Trash.
"I'm young I won't put anyone at risk" says a doctor meeting vulnerable patients.  If you had quarantined and taken Covid tests before going back to work then maybe. But it seems like you returned back to work hoping no one would know.
He's still going to get his salary from the Chinese owned WHO, so no worries for him. Lies always get exposed. Thanks to re-assuring the rest of us that the plandemic  (not misspelled)   is not a death sentence as you've been spewing on your youtube communist channel. You've been exposed.
Post on your main acc,lot of people already unsubscribe including me lol
why do i think you are lying? Why don't you post this on your main channel? Why did i have to search for this video? Mike, as a med student i always stood behind your work and what you are trying to do with social media to everyone i know. Please address this on your main account as well. This is disappointing.
You shouldn't have to deal with all the backlash and aggressivenes. You sliped, most of us do. You went to a small party, big deal, you're a doctor working during a pandemic, you deserve some relaxation and having a bit of fun. My sympathies to you.
You're sorry you got caught. If you were genuinely sorry for your actions you wouldn't start the video with excuses. Disappointed.
Mark Dice ripping you up😂😂
Preach! Hypocrite! Welcome to Coviet Union...
What a bunch of losers,  a hypocrite apologizes for not doing what he preaches and a round of applause from his followers, useful idiots.
Hey Dr. Mike, how come reported flu deaths have tanked? Flu deaths virtually disappeared? Because along with other causes of death they're being miss reported as China virus deaths so people like you can make a "killing!"
We all know its all a hoax.  Just admit it already. I m sick and tired off all these people who have money telling us what to do.
Dr Mike it's okay. Who can blame you? When you have so much hot @$$ around you, how can you not want to not social distance? Can't wear a mask when your going downtown on a sweet bikini peach. Your actions were selfish. But man...with so much sweet cupcakes around you, who cares? Good for you man!!  Dip that whip!
Mimbo
Hilarious.
I struggle with this coz c'mom, u didn't for once think u have 4M followers on IG and what kind of message u'd be sending them by accepting this invitation?   Unfortunately, now I'm wondering if all those videos and messages instructing your subscribers about COVID weren't just for the 'likes'.
Give it up we know exactly what your false narrative is now!
lol if i get surprised party from  my friends, i would turn around and not go. or just have no cameras around
I didn't see my friends, I didnt see my family. I stayed in the house for 9 months STRAIGHT to where I got pale/ pasty enough my skin matched with silver instead of gold until I had to go to my uni for Lab. I still did not celebrate my birthday in October, I still did not meet with my friends. You didn't make a mistake, you made an arrogant blatant choice. Disappointed. Goodbye.
It's not just your risk, it's the risk you put on other people. Doesn't matter you live alone, but you're a doctor and meet so many vulnerable people. Not a good enough excuse
When you saw a boat load of people you had two choices. 1. Put on a mask and keep it on. 2. Go home. You chose to do neither!  You are no different than the rest, do as I say and not as I do!!!
Rules for thee not for me.  Typical liberal media.  Not surprised.
Please post this on your main channel. Many people are looking for an explanation as this totally undermines your Covid message. I respect you and was looking for your response. I wasn't aware you had a second channel and I'm sure a lot of others aren't either, especially those who aren't regular viewers and have just been referred to a Covid related video of yours.
The things that anger people the most is showing off things you do only to do the opposite, just try not to be a moral compass
the hypocrisy is strong in this one - you can see it in his face -  the only thing you're sorry about is getting caught - you, like all other woketards, is you lie to yourself then pass off those lies to others.
Why isn't this on his main channel? Why hide it here?
Disgusting hypocritical grifter. Preaching to the hoards and then doing the opposite himself. You are a disgrace
Rules for thee and not for me. Typical authoritarian, elitist mindset. You’re not sorry for your actions, you are sorry that you were caught.
I cringe. I just, i had so much respect. But eh, i’ll subscribe again next time if i remember to. And blame the friends? Ehhhh
Don’t worry, you fit just fine with all the Democrat hypocrites, Denver Mayor, California Governor, Chris Cuomo...it’s par for the course.  Why you didn’t go into any detail BEFORE like this, the “spectrum”. All accurate, BTW. I wouldn’t know there was a pandemic if there wasn’t 24/7 coverage and govt incentives to diagnose COVID deaths.  Your risk of death is .007% and that’s KNOWN infections.  The WHO said on Jan 14th “no evidence of human to human transmission”.  If you’re pushing WHO info you’re a clown.
Why aren't you apologizing for that weird shirt. Is it made out of tissue paper?
So a friend of mine got covid she isolated herself at home. But see she has a husband and a kid. They both lived with her during her isolation...  He got tested and so did her kid but they both came back negative yet she sleeps next to her man... If covid is so dangerous and contiguous how does 2 ppl live with someone that has it and not get it. Why r we freaking out so much over a thing that kills as much as the flu does... To shut the world down seems drastic... I also have Co workers who had covid and i talked to them after and it was really no worse then the flu from their points of view.. Im just trying to understand all this commotion. This covid does feel blown out of proportion.
Media needs to leave him alone. They got nothing else to do with themselves
Busted..lol..blame others for your actions..youre a joke bro
Start by not pontificate and put this on your 6ML channel coward. You didn't mess up, you got caught! Shameful and dishonest. Should have kept on reviewing sitcoms, mate. And to everybody praising him: remember that he didn't come up clean, he got caught and that's the only reason you see him trying to lie to you again. These people are the actual worst because they fools themselves too! Truth is hard and heavy, beautiful lies come cheap. What kind of person really thinks that something is serious and then cheat and do the exact thing the commended you to abstain from? There is no apology for premeditated lies and deception. None. Mike i hope that was worth it, because you can't come back from something this disrespectful and evil. But you still cute and popular so do not despair, liar.
He got caught, that is why he is appologizing. He is pushing covid agenda, did he seem nervous on the pictures?? He is a liar, open your eyes Americans, many of them lying to you
Rules for thee but not for me, hypocrite!
This is so fake
What a joke this appology is.  I saw the videos and pictures, he couldn't have cared less. He came back and made more videos, didn't seem to care, and only once people started to call him out did he think he should put out an appology out.  He cannot be an advocate for something and then do the opposite. He says he "followed the rules" - when he had his hands on the woman in the video, it wasn't social distancing. He is literally just trying not to loose views. All about the money
Obviously you care about as much about these rules as your average person. Get off of your pathetic high horse and stop telling people not to live their lives. You aren’t sad that you did this, you’re sad that you got caught
He admitted that is a major thing!..huge respect for your doctor mike!!!
"To err is human" ~ Alexander Pope.
At the end of the day Mike is human like the rest of us. He not perfect he going to make mistakes especially when he is a doctor in a pandemic the stress must be getting to him. So I don't blame you Mike and I trust you to work harder to help peaple and stop these mistakes from happen the best you can.
It’s almost like he knows that the threat of asymptomatic transmission is negligible and so had no fear of a group of healthy people displaying no symptoms,  contrary to the lies and scaremongering he’s been helping promote. 😳 😂
Oh the excuses! Wonder, does he allow excuses ? Idiot!
Thats ok. I doubted your professionalism as a doctor from watching your videos and now I doubt your integrity as one too. Your apology rings hollow. It's more of a "I'm sorry I got caught, not sorry that I did it, please stop leaving mean comments". Pathetic.
Look. We’re all human beings. You’re a really nice guy, and a lot of people can see that. You didn’t really take a risk, because you looked at the risk factor and used your professional intuition to determine the danger. There isn’t a single person here who hasn’t an honest and equally bad mistake. The only thing you truly did was was to take a vacation from all of this garbage. I did the same thing two weeks ago for one day and now I’m back in quarantine. I don’t know where you’re headed, but I get where you’re coming from. Stay safe and we’re all rooting for you
I didn’t even have a birthday day party this year and here’s Dr. Mike on a boat with his “friends” during a global pandemic for his birthday. I’m not mad at him, but it’s tough when your struggling and following guidelines while other people get to go out and have fun.
Doesn't seem like you are scared of it....
He’s not sorry he’s sorry he got caught... and I couldn’t care less that he celebrated his birthday he’s just a hypocrite... rules for thee but not for me. Don’t preach to people and then do the total opposite
1. Admits he thinks he's done nothing wrong according to the guidelines 2. Takes no responsibility by suggesting it's only his personal risk 3. Creates this weird victim narrative about how people should be attacking him and not 'the science' as if he's some kind of martyr 4. The slow camera zoom ins during the monologues about how terrible this all is just tops off how fake and inauthentic this feels Mike.
$$$$$$$$
THANKS FOR SHOWING US WHEN I PARTY WITH HOOKERS I DON’T NEED A MASK!    COVID IS A SCAM!!!!! STOP PUSHING THIS SCAMDEMIC!!!
Dudes apologising here for not wearing a mask and not following social distancing (which I respect) but dude like lol where I leave there’s NOBODY wearing masks or social distancing hell one of the people saw me wearing it and said I look stupid I shouldn’t like dude wtf
He probably didn't wear a rubber either.
Just like everyone else who can’t practice what they preach. “Your only sorry because you got caught”, as my grandmother would say to me when I was a child. But, when I became a man I put away childish things. Like saying sorry when I really wasn’t. So now I’m putting another childish thing away. Unsubscribed
Oh that’s OK Dr. Mike I never listened to you anyway.
pos mouthpiece for the leftists. stop talking about covid. you have no credibility
I don't feel like you're admitting you were wrong. Maybe more like giving excuses
I knew when I saw the news articles that you had a reasonable explanation for it, but I still appreciate you making this video and being honest that you messed up and feel genuinely guilty about it. I follow your channel for two main reasons: first, because of your ability to simplify complex issues and medical terms and somehow make it both entertaining and teachable; and second, because of your integrity and strong desire to be honest and transparent with us, even when it means admitting you're human and you mess up sometimes. Thank you for continuing to do your best to be a trustworthy source, both in the information you give and in your desire to practice what you preach. Stay safe and healthy. God bless you. ❤
Why is this not on your main channel?
You are absolutely amazing doctor but you are also human. As humans we mess up. Thank you for your honesty! We all make mistakes. And as my grandma used to say: own it, learn from it and move on.  You haven't lost you credibility in my eyes.
I understand your message Dr. Mike, and I appreciate it, but this video should be on your main channel. Your fans deserve that much.  I really do appreciate you taking the blame and apologizing for it, and not deflecting on other people. That was very mature.
Don't worry, you're still the prettiest doctor I've ever seen. You've still got that. That's your only claim to fame afterall isn't it?
BANE: and do you accept this mans apology?
You hack.
I’m not, at all, bothered by what’s happened. I will still continue to follow your channel, as it’s one of the few places that I get consistent, and frank answers about what’s happening.  Take care of yourself, Doctor. Many thanks for the videos explaining this virus in simple terms. I appreciate you, sir.
I hope that all y'all going hard after Dr Mike are going just as hard towards those you know too, he's taking responsibility... Lots of regular ole people defend their actions and see nothing wrong with it, it's refreshing to see him do this! Be kind to yourself Mike <3
I prefer not to listen to hypocrites
Thank you doctor Mike for having the courage to admit and say sorry.Lots of people make mistakes but fee own up to them.Those idiots who do not understand probably are immature.When other people do not wear mask which i have seen nobody talks to then but when the famous doctor mike does omg its a breaking news.I know you will be extra careful from now on and do the right thing.Dont put your back on people bacause they did a mistake learn from yours first
can someone explain what happened pls🥺
It's the spread from partying here that shut down the schools. You turning up positive may not affect you greatly. Those positive numbers determine whether children can attend school. You know this. It determines whether children are able to read, write, count, etc. Whether they get fed. Whether the get a reprieve from abuse. I could go on. The effects of this pandemic will last a lifetime in our children.  Even if you turn up positive and have a mild case and don't spread it to anyone it still affects others. This isn't just about you.
You let me down Dr. Mike... Just kidding, you do you, baby. You do you.
i can actually see that this is a genuine apology. ofc this doesn't excuse him from what he did, it's just that if he didn't make an apology video, i would even have known what happened and it takes a lot to be that honest with your viewers when you could've just pretended this never happened.
He sounds like he has a cold....
I have watched you for years & i never miss a video!! Us who watch you & know your heart & message, we forgive you!! ❤️We all make mistakes & we know you will learn from this! I appreciate you saying this. You took the correct precautions & people are going to try to flip this even more. You have done so much great work & give us so much knowledge. We love you. 🙋🏽‍♀️💞🙌🏽
He messed up, but he is aware of it and tried to fix his mistakes. I know that a person with his following can really turn a situation like this 360. I mean yeah, I was  disappointed, but the fact that he addressed this and took consequences for his own action is amazing. In this situation many influencers partied with no care for others many many times and didn't even care to apologize and self isolate. I get he is a doctor, but at the end of the day he is still human.
Man, the impact you've had is to help thousands of people while putting yourself at risk during the pandemic. Sounds like you did your research and took calculated risks. Also if you, a doctor, pushes himself so hard he breaks, then that impact is going to ripple through the whole community. If anyone deserves some slack for what sounds like a stressed out doctor blowing off steam, I think its you.
Стыдно должно быть вам
Man, you have tried to make this apology and situation go as much under the radar as possible. It is not posted to your main channel, you didn't tweet it (you only retweeted it), no info about it on instagram...
How did you mess up I really don't see a problem
You're a HUMAN BEING  and I believe you're a good person. Let go of your mistakes. It is okay to make mistakes🌻
Humans make mistakes, good humans admit to the mistakes and try to correct them. Kudos to you for taking responsibility ❤
Why not post this to your main channel? It was difficult for me to find you addressing this, it was far easier to find you messing up.
lmao yeah no, I’m so disappointed
This should be on your main channel, Dr. Mike.
Hey Dr. Mike, we love you. Keep your chin up ❤️
Disappointed
Dr you really don't owe anyone an apology, as an ICU nurse I can totally say we're all past the mask mandates bc life in general is a risk every single day we get up and move, live, breathe, etc everything we do is a risk but it's also life and we cannot live a life in fear of a virus that's 99.7% recoverable from. Yes it's serious but there are many things in life that are serious and we cannot live in bubbles in fear of life. I have seen the loss but I've also seen many recover and at the end of the day I can tell you that this career has shown me that I'm not going to live in fear. Life in general is short and I've seen people who are totally healthy, young and lowest possible risk come in with diseases they shouldn't have, I've seen elderly patients live through things young ones haven't, I've seen children die because of a simple cut and I've seen new mother's die from a simple blood clot. There's no guarantee to anything. I'm a firm believer of when it's your time it's your time. We will all be exposed to this virus, it's not going anywhere just like all the others before it and the ones to come so no, I'm not going to live in fear because life is already too short and I wanna live it while I'm here
It's okay doctor Mike, nobody's perfect . The important thing is that we learn from that mistake .. # I will pray for you doctor Mike, stay healthy 😊❤️
Thank you for taking the time to acknowledge this.  We're all human.   That said, some things to think about as part of your introspection, and maybe to comment on:  1. Did you fly to Miami, or drive? 2. Did you travel alone, or with people? 3. Did you stay with your dad after the boat trip?  I'm not asking these because the public has a right to know - we don't.   But in this video you characterized the risk here as risk-to-self, when really, depending on the circumstances, the risk likely extended well beyond you, and to mischaracterize this, if so, is further irresponsibility.  It is gravely important for people to assess the risk their actions pose not only to themselves but to those they come in contact with.  Leaving your bubble and quarantining immediately after is a completely different risk profile than leaving your bubble and crossing paths with a hundred-plus strangers and an elderly family member.  I think the work that you do serves a great deal of good.  I hope you are able to quickly rebuild the respect of both your peers and followers.  You have a lot of work ahead of you if you are serious about combating the way the anti-science movement will likely use this.  Hang in there.
To everyone in the comments absolutely tearing into him I ask, so y’all are telling me that all of you have not interacted with a single person without a mask on since March? You havnt hung out with your friends, had a glass of wine? Not once? Is so then I mean Kudos to you. That is a hard task and is very impressive. It’s difficult on your mental health especially in the healthcare field. Mike has set an amazing example up until now and like he said he is human. It is unfair to not allow mistakes to be made, he is a human not a god. He is imperfect. But the messages he’s been spreading since March are good ones and this will provide him a good reflection period. Forgive him and let him forgive himself and let him show you he’ll do better. Compassion heals in a time like this
I admit, when I heard about your party in Miami I was disappointed. I felt let down.  Not that you owe me anything; you don't even know me. It's just that you've become one of the few YouTube personalities I actually respect and trust, and suddenly it all felt misplaced. However, you're human just like me. I've made my share of mistakes, and I can't imagine it's easy to navigate the fame that you've acquired. I reserved any judgment until I had a chance to hear your side. Having watched your apology, it's clear that the sincerity and genuineness I've come to admire is still there. You put a lot of good into this world. Yes, you stumbled. We all have. Thank you for addressing this and being transparent. Now hold your head up and move forward. (And be more cautious, please.) ✌🏻😷
So your mess up was kind of like Cuomo setting all these rules and Pelosi setting all these rules that they broke themselves and keep breaking them with their new saying rules for thee not for me? At least you did it once and  saw the irony in it and actually made a public apology
Do we have to publicly apologize for every single thing. Is this the norm that our kids are going to expect?
Bro, relax, you are working very very hard. You fully deserved that small holiday. Everyone else should foff
I thought this was an apology video because kaurbeauty pointed out his racists comments and ignorance in a recent podcast. This is even worse lol
People you have to protect yourselfs  dr. Mike is human and he can make mistakes too dont Attack him for something that makes us humans
Respect for addressing this, but why not post it on your main channel? Especially regarding the deleted comments on there it seems like you are desperately trying to keep people from noticing your mistakes while apologising to the ones that noticed. I understand that you want to keep your image, but it doesn’t quite match what you were saying in this video
You know though you are a doctor  and a well known person, before everything you are a human being, it's totally ok to make mistakes that's how life is.  And you have realised your mistake too so 👍 Love you. Keep up the good work
I just don't understand that, you think before planning a trip. Especially as a doctor with an exemplary role! I do hope you will now go into quarantine and take a test. You can tell everyone what to do but if you don't stick to it yourself .. or did you drink too much? You are young and healthy yourself, yes, that's what the youth thinks who destroy it for everyone, you should indeed be ashamed. I don't think you need to record any Covid video anymore, your credibility is now 0
You know what Dr Mike we are all human, this year has been terrible. Having no plans, nothing to looked forward to, no end in sight.  Absolutely wrong for doing that with your friends but man enough to stand up and apologise.  Everyone has done something they shouldn’t have done this year whether going somewhere you shouldn’t, seeing friends and family etc. Keep your head up ✌️
What’s up with the color on this shirt. Plus it’s a LITTLE less tight than his normal shirts. ;)
Guyss please stop with the negativity EVERYONE messes up EVERYONE fails to do the right thing some time or the other ,and the right thing to do is acknowledging it and trying not to repeat it , He is a human ,humans make mistakes and just because he is in the public eye doesn't make his mistake any bigger than yours ,most of the people in the comment section thrashing him might be doing the same thing , please be responsible and a little kind Adios
Sorry for the following but going to the gym and working out with a mask: are you insane? There are studies that prove how dangerous those masks are and then putting more stress to your body? Please say something about that! There are many many studies proving that the masks are harmful bc none of them (other then the real ones used by medical professionals) don't have any regulation on them. Also, why do so many people who have to wear a mask all day (while changing them every 2 hours) get headaches? To me, that's a sign something (the mask) is not right! And I would be willing to wear a mask, I don't care about that. Yes, they are annoying but if it actually would help, why not. Also, I won't wear them because I would harm myself wearing them!
It's ok you were just having some fun which is common for humans, and it was after some time period that you met your friends.  The ones in the wrong are those who are criticising, and using you for their benefit.
This is an unprofessional act done by a person who is supposed to be a professional. You are a doctor for goodness' sake, but what's more important than that is YOU are a *public figure*, everyone will take you as an example. You chore us to stay safe and keep telling us to social distancing from each other yet you yourself are having a boat party in the middle of a pandemic. Of course we would get mad, any person with emotion would. But hey, that just means that you are a human like the rest of us.
It's interesting what you say about you wearing a mask in your day-to-day activities which are in-fact ones where you are distanced from others (work outs/walking your dog etc). Yet it shows that you avoided the mask whilst around close proximity to others? As a highly educated Doctor who should be a pillar of reason, you should know better. Please do not bring your age or youth into this, you know that this disease doesn't discriminate. There are soo many families out there in the world who have lost children to this pandemic and the sad thing is, they couldn't be with them during their final moments, they couldn't even proceed with their burials because they followed strict distancing measures. You're a medical practitioner... you know this. You may have seen it, you may have witnessed it. I would've expected better from one who is preaches the importance of social distancing and masks. You're a well known individual with a big following, and now you're no better than other well known individuals who think a separate rule applies to them. A lot of people have made sacrifices and are continuing to do so. I sincerely hope your birthday was worth it.
I think everyone deserve some sort of break once in a while. Dr. Mike is here educating all of us and I see all those hate comments for no reason. He tries to do the best thing. He is not outside partying everyday and night. But being quarantined for 6+ month is not pleasant, and doctors job is really though. Thank you Dr. Mike for apologizing, and don't be so hard on yourself. 🙂
So... we aren’t supposed to go to the mall, but you can travel to Miami via plane to visit your at-risk father and party on a private boat? Oh. Okay. Sounds about right.
Clearly this action will a a catalyst for pandemic party... "Even a CERTIFIED MEDICAL DOCTOR had a party." A shameful thing to do, not just the fact you got caught but also you made a mockery to those Doctors and nurses who died because of covid.. low risk or not you're the person who has knowledge how this pandemic works and yet you throw a party. Clearly thing that you're doing here is damage control.
Rules for thee, not for me. People only apologize when they get caught.
Why not on main page?? This is where it should be..
All we can do it follow the guidelines! You checked all the rules and gullies before you went so dont be so hard on yourself 💗
"sorry to those at home who have done the right thing the entire time" I'm not sure many feel adressed 🙈... Comment if you have never done anything wrong....
He got caught out and that’s the only reason he’s apologising. He preaches about the right thing to do but doesn’t follow it himself. Typical “influencer”.
Everyone messes up from time to time...we’re ALL guilty of making mistakes. At least he’s taking responsibility for his mistake.  Some of these comments come across as super judgmental.    I could understand the anger and outrage if he completely disregarded pandemic protocol on a day to day basis.  But one slip up?  Come on...   I myself don’t go anywhere with large gatherings of people and I wear a mask constantly. I’ve lost people close to me from this pandemic.  My anger is not with those who make one bad choice, but with those who don’t care about the guidelines at all.
It's nice that you apologized Dr. Mike, but why do I actively have to put in "Dr. Mike party boat" to find it? How about the 6+ Mio people on your main channel, don't they deserve an apology too?  The part that is just hard to swallow is that you've told us to "stay at home!" time and time again. And how personal gatherings are to be avoided, unless we're masked. And that even though we might be young, we still have to work together to protect the elders in our society. And then seeing you - the cool, understandable, approachable doctor who is urging us to self-isolate, do exactly the opposite of what he's been preaching - that just hurts 🤷🏻‍♂️ Seems like all these rules don't apply to those who are influencers 🤷🏻‍♂️  So for what happened I expect a little more than just an apology on your small second channel. Sorry 🤷🏻‍♂️  (Also: this doesn't change the fact in my eyes that COVID is to be taken seriously, but it does however make me highly doubt your credibility.)
Thank you. As someone who has spent this year living on the more extreme side of the guidelines, I appreciate your inclusion of people who are very cautious in your apology. It can be so defeating to stay home all the time, where I live by myself, knowing that others are our living their normal, social lives and prolonging my solitude. Even though I recognized that you were outdoors and assumed you had taken precautions, it did still on its surface appear antithetical to what you had been preaching, so I respect you for taking the time for introspection and apologizing.
Can you discuss night terrors and bipolar depression.
So.... what happened?
When you said you let us down, you also let yourself down. But someone who admits when they’re wrong and chooses to learn and be better shows good character.  Love seeing your videos it’s always helpful ☺️Sending Positive vibes your way  Dr.Mike💛💛💛💛
Can we just take a moment and look back to our fairly recent past.... anyone remember polio? My aunt contracted it in 1952. My mother is one of 6 children and her 11yr old sister was the only one in the household who got it and at the time, it was a miracle she survived. If you think this is the last time we'll have to endure an illness that spreads quickly, you're dreaming.  The simple fact is that we're not used to being aware 24/7  that we could be exposing ourselves and others to something potentially fatal.
Stay humble and human.  That's all you can do.  There's always gonna be those people that sit, anonymously and cowardly, behind a computer/phone typing away. But your true, decent fans/followers will respect and forgive you.  Because YOU ARE HUMAN.  And tho you look perfect 😉, you are not.  💜 PLEASE keep giving us your videos. I SO rely on them to distract me from CONSTANT pain that, due to other health issues, I'm limited on meds that I can take for relief. You stay safe, happy and healthy darlin. 💜
When I first saw the news couple nights ago, I thought it was fake pictures and I refused to believe that. It kinda threw me off guard this morning to see this video (and also apparently the existence of this new channel). Well now, what past is past. I hope everyone can learn from this mistake. After all the good things you’ve done via your channel, all the awareness you have highlighted, I/we wont let this one mistake define you. Stay safe everyone.
I’m in NS, Canada and we have just over 100 active cases in our entire province of almost a million people and we have a gathering limit of 5 people right now or you get at $1000 fine. The problem isn’t Dr. Mike, it’s the US states allowing these large gatherings to happen. If he was in NS Canada he wouldn’t have done that because it wouldn’t have been legal. Right or wrong, you can’t blame Dr. Mike, if you’re upset blame your political leaders who are allowing this, not the doctor who’s done more to help this situation then most.
Humans make mistakes, but it takes a mature person to admit to it. Good turn about!
You did nothing wrong...
Dr. Mike is a human just like everyone else. Not one is perfect, we all will make mistakes in our own lives. YES Dr. Mike made a huge mistake, but he owned up to his mistake,  and he has learnt a lot from it. So give the poor man a break, he deserves a break, just like everyone else.
On one hand, you have a private life that shouldn't be anyone's business. You can do as you please, with whoever you want. On the other hand, however, what was published really contradicts and hurts the message you've been defending all those months.  Maybe next time, take precautions on that end too and ask people not to post pictures or videos on social media. Once it's on the internet, it will be there forever. You are an influencer, Mike, all eyes are on you and you have to be careful.
Try to get some fresh air with the masks though. You don’t want to wear them 24/7 and cause acidosis.  It’s amazing to me the amount of ppl I see jogging or driving in masks 😬
Apology fully accepted ❤️
This took a lot of guts. A doctor YouTube channel and you went to a party that didn’t follow CDC guidelines. Did you mess up? Yes. Do you need to be held accountable for this? Kinda. Should your friends have invited you, knowing your stance? Probably not. Are you human and probably had a lapse in judgement? Yes. I feel you don’t deserve all the hate. You messed up, and are trying to apologize. However, I think it’s the thing of, celeb lives matter more in this, and that you didn’t post it on your main channel.
We are all struggling. All we want is for this to be over.
I was extremely disappointed when I saw the pictures. And many of us including me, appreciate you taking accountability and apologizing. It’s not an easy thing to do especially when you have a large platform, so thank you.   But at the same time, that doesn’t change the fact that you attending that party put many people in risk even if you took precautions. I have an extremely high risk patient as my mother and it has been absolutely nerve racking and an excruciating h*ll for my family during this whole pandemic.  And since I relied on your videos for correct informations about health in general but especially about this virus throughout this pandemic, and I found extreme comfort in your videos, it really hurt and was saddening to see you go against everything you were preaching about. But I also will never want to discredit all of the work you have done for us to keep us safe. I believe that you’re usually extremely cautious since you are a doctor and this party was a one time thing but it was almost enough to lose my trust in you, but also hospitals in general and this really heightened my anxiety when my mother goes to the hospital for her remicade.   You are only human and I can’t imagine what the medical professionals are going through right now and the world doesn’t deserve you all. And it must be so hard to put effort and then seeing people ruin all of your hard work by going outside and seeing people. But please don’t do the exact same thing that is making your life hard.  I love your videos and I still trust you very much but please be careful. And thank you for all of your work over the media and in the hospital.   This is so long lmao, I’m sorry.
People make mistakes... don’t be so hard on yourself!!!  By making this video, you showed what a great person you are 👨🏻‍⚕️🐻 !
Honestly you were my beacon of hope but so it goes. Our frontline workers are tired and are trying so hard not to let this get to them. I know how hard this pandemic is on everyone. I watch my friends make the same mistake as you and I patiently await for this to blow over. I even got new hobbies out of it. I still love you Dr. Mike but hugely disappointed. You become the very thing you criticized. And yes we all make mistakes and yes we are alloted to that but you were the reason a lot of people began trusting doctors again and I was excited for that. Thank you so much for the content. I wish to one day come around and see you in the same light as I did before this. No hate towards you at all.
You’re always too hard on yourself 💙
You asked PewDiePie the king of youtube apology videos for advice huh? This was perfect
You don't get a lot of people who admit to the truth. I'm glad you want to pick up after messing up. Like any other human being we learn from our mistakes.
Everyone is out here not celebrating their birthdays, or doing it with literally 3 close friends only. Im very disappointed and tbh i dont really forgive you for it because this couldve costed lives.
Docror Mike: I am sorry.  Stupid People: Shame on you!  Jesus: Let the person without sin be the first person to throw a stone.
Please post this on your main channel at least.
Can all you holier than though comments shut up He made an error but he’s a person, if you’ve made an error stop talking about how disappointed you are. What you put on him he puts on himself so the leave the guy alone
Ugh this is so disappointing. I totally understand that you are human and you make mistakes but it  makes me question everything you have told us about covid. I got to be honest I lost respect for you. 🙁
Nobody is perfect.
Dude you cant be perfect. And i think we are all so sick of hearing about covid that sometimes we just forget about it and just do something stupid😐😐
No matter what the problem, even if Covid-19 is just the tip of the iceberg, there is no such thing as"taking every precaution" because things are constantly changing.  You are a good man and a good Dr. All that any of us can do is give this situation our best effort and you are most certainly doing that!!😊
u know the plandemic is overhyped and u dont care. u do as ur told
this is a yikes.
Thanks for clarifying and speaking on this, we appreciate it Dr. Mike. Glad you're negative for it and doing okay, and the fact you did look into the guidelines, I must say, I did not look into the guidelines for boats, that's my mistake for judging without being informed, and I should've done better too.
You made a selfish choice and you definitely knew better. How many front line workers wish they could party on a boat or even take a vacation? This video feels like just another YouTuber apologizing for bad behaviour after thinking the rules don’t apply to them. Maybe you should collaborate with Tana?
Thank you Dr. Mike! Not only for this, but for everything that you have done in the midst of the pandemic on YouTube and in the hospital. Unfortunately, you can never control people's reactions, but know that there are many who aren't commenting who appreciate everything that you do. The good you do will always outweigh any mistakes that you make. Thank you for everything.
I’m not perfect myself. I live in Florida & I’ll admit, our government doesn’t set us up for successful restraint of recreational activities. I’ve messed up before too. Maybe not as often as others, but at least a few times. Whether it be going in my apartment elevator without a mask. Or not leaving a restaurant that didn’t follow proper distancing guidelines. With that being said, I’m very grateful for your apology. As I’ve been laid off due to what seems to be the recklessness of our nation.
Much respect for this! Thanks for your honesty! We are all human mistakes happens.
Happy thanksgiving Dr Mike... you’re forgiven. please stay safe.
Well if you were in family meeting with small group of people this would be acceptable and digestible but there were so many people and this is totally unacceptable . also you did not admit that you were wrong . you are making meaningless excuses and saying that you have checked CDC about this .  stop man !!!
Keep bending the knee soi boi
Just think  if Trump had handle it seriously in the first place everything would have been such better.. here in Australia we have nearly 0 corona virus infection
Put this on your main YT channel, not here.
Maybe now don’t profit off any more Covid related videos.
I love how everyone is on their high horse like they've done everything perfect during this pandemic. Give me a break. We are all on a learning curve. Regardless of what he did, he's quarantined afterwards to keep everyone else safe and I think that's all the matters. We can't expect people to completely stop living their lives. He knows what his personal risk is and decided it was worth it, I dont see how that personal decision has anything to do with anyone else as long as he quarantined afterwards, which he obviously is.  I hope you had a great time and keep doing what you do.
I will say, didnt dr Mike totally called out the figs company when they apologized for their wrong doings? But now he does the same thing. This is why you should never judge or criticize others.
Don’t think you should have to apologize. Doctor or not you have the same right to live your life if that’s what you choose.   Aunt specializes in respiratory system and she even thinks this is all overblown and ridiculous.
I mean I'm not mad at all, we all make mistakes and I would want to see loved ones after a long while of not seeing them too...
You're following all of the guidelines set in place. That shouldn't be something you need to apologize about. Taking the time to look up the guidelines and follow them is infinitely more effort than the people criticizing you are putting in.
Why isn’t this on your main channel? I don’t understand, if you’re going to apologize, do so on your main, not a small second channel.
This felt so stiff and "not my fault-y". Let's look everywhere else but here. I kept waiting for the moment of real sincerity instead of "I'm learning, I'll do better, just sad I got caught and had this public impact." Also, you have some garbage friends
I forgive you Dr.Mike,  like you said we’re humans we make mistakes
I didnt even know anything about this. Did he test positive after visiting miami ?
People will always find fault no matter what. Whether Dr. Mike apologized, or if he apologized the way certain people wanted, there's just no way to please everyone. Thinking he isn't sincere because he didn't post this on the main channel seems kinda silly to me. I'm only subscribed to the main channel but this still appeared on my feed. So i don't get the fuss about this. Even if he did, people who wants to hate will still be hating anyway and say he's only apologizing because he got caught.  Following the guidelines, fighting the urge to go out and meet people, trying to maintain their mental health, these are what people around the world have been struggling for months. Dr. Mike is human too. Learning from mistakes is what's important. I'm not trying to justify his actions but cancel culture has to stop.  Keep it up, Dr. Mike. Owning up to mistakes is what matters. We all mess up big time in life sometimes but that doesn't define who we are. It's what we do about it afterwards that defines us.
Healthcare workers try to do everything right. We always wear PPE for our positive patients. We always wash our hands, always sanitize everything. Always wear a mask outside. We have so much pressure placed on us to be perfect. But we’re human. We miss our families too. We miss doing fun things too. We’re scared too. It’s ok to be angry and sad and frustrated. It’s ok to be tired of covid. It’s ok to be a person. One individual’s carefully calculated and planned activity does not discredit everything else they’ve done to support and educate. The nurses stand with you ❤️
Then why didnt you post this on your main channel?
We don't need an apologise we only need your change you should help us take care of ourselves you should make more videos about covid and how to protect ourselves your are a doctor and you should do that and you re the most popular doctor on socail medai so you have the appility to change more humans who were like you. I appreciate you so much ..
I don't think what you did was that serious but y'know 🤷
I’m so over the wealthy, influencer class of people getting to live by a totally different set of rules while the rest of us peasants are out here struggling, disappointed in this one.....
You’re only sorry you were caught. This isn’t a simple “mistake”. This was planned and you spent all day there lol
Hypocrite
I'm disappointed that this wasn't posted on your main channel, given the almost 6m subscriber difference between that channel and this. Also really disappointed about the number of comments here slutshaming the women on the boat, as is the fact that they were in bikini's is even relevant to the issue or means that somehow these women are inherently less responsible.
What he did was absolutely wrong, especially since people consider him a role model. But let's not get into the process of "cancel culture". I'm saying it again, I do NOT condone his actions just because I'm a fan of the channel. What I'm trying to say here is, that spreading hate and ending his career will wind up doing more bad than good. Let's all give him room for apology. Let's see how genuine he is.   Do not spread hate, rather hold him responsible to undo all the damage he's done.
It literally said a max of 8 adults on a boat, on the image you referenced. There were 15+ people in the photo.
Y'all we all made mistakes.. none of us have cameras taking our mistakes. It's been almost a year we're all exhausted from this situation we look things like they used to and adapting to new normality is hard when you go back with your family and friends. We still need to be careful, to take care of our family and friend and people who are around us too.
With all my love to you... I really want to say that I DO NOT CARE.  I have my own problems and life.   I do not care to call you out cause your friends did something nice for you.  I do not care to shame you.  I do not care for you to apologise to me.   We are humans and every time you have to make a video like this to remind people you lose something in my opinion.  What you teach us does not matter less cause of any of this... people have nothing better to do and in my opinion you should not apologise.  No apology will ever satisfy anyone who is petty enough to attack a healthy man making his choices with people I assume in a similar age group doing something that does not involve them being anywhere near anyone that is in danger.  Mike I understand why you felt like making this video but you do not have to... seriously. People SHOULDN'T CARE
This ain’t it.  You just silenced and blocked people who were asking you to address it. Once it started gaining traction, you released an ‘apology’ to members who pay to hear from you only, in which you entirely gaslighted them and their concerns. Once news articles came out your representatives told blatant lies about the ‘precautions’ you took (the images completely contradicted what they said). Once it got bigger you thought oh, I’ll just apologise to a smaller subscriber base and change what I’m saying to try and perfect this apology so that I don’t lose my fame. Right? Because this wasn’t a little mistake at all. Yes we all mess up and make little errors. There have been times where I’ve forgotten about two metres distance in shops and back up when I realise. I know family who forget to put a mask on so run out the shop to grab one before going back in. THOSE are real mistakes. Making a plan to travel to another major city when you knew it was not recommended and would be irresponsible was not just a ‘mistake’. When you got on that boat with that many people with no masks or distancing and going over the CDC capacity recommendations and being fine with it, was not a ‘mistake’.   I’m glad you’re addressing it but you make it sound like you slipped and fell onto a boat in Miami. You knew better than to do that. You knew it would be irresponsible and reckless in the pandemic.   You only cared when you realised that more and more people found out about this, right? Did you actually feel an ounce of regret? Did you think for a second about the rest of the world, especially front line health care workers, who have understood that the risk of even seeing their family is too much, let alone travelling and partying?   I’m so disappointed in this, in what it means for those who blindly follow you, and in those who are excusing this behaviour as ‘we’re all human!’.
I love your honesty. We are all only HUMAN ! Learn from it. Stay safe and wish u good health🤗
Why aren't you moving the camera? It's an apology video right!?
Wow thats disappointing
Mike, I twitted you the other day about this. This is not what I was talking about. I was talking about Governors, Lawmakers, etc that are taking away our normalcy but doing the very things themselves. While yes, you screwed up. That you for taking responsibility. Maybe our governors will follow suit.
Your aloud to have groups tho? Why is everyone saying "I'm so disappointed how could be do this" I mean if they follow protocol and got tested then what's the risk? We can get together at restaurants but not on a boat? It's the same difference y'all.
I am sure this isn’t the highlight of your career and no idea how difficult it is to recover from. So I would like to slap you at the same time than hug you🤷🏼‍♀️🧡 I truly hope no positive covid results come from this🤭
Sheesh bro stop blaming yourself, its ok
You made a mistake, and it’s ok. You apologized and that’s ok too, we’re all people. People make mistakes! It’s alright Dr. Mike, you’re still a great doctor, with an amazing personality, with a positive mark on this world.
For starters he lives alone and follows the rules at least he wears a mask only person he is putting in danger is himself he’s smart enough to follow the cdc guidelines. People might say but he should not of done it. You’re right it’s like saying person who ate the bat should not of done it. He followed the rules and guidelines.
Dr Mike is taking accountability and that's the best one can ask of a human after making a  mistake. I genuinely think he learned from this and hope the backlash hasn't affected his mental health too badly.  Looking forward to new videos :)
At least you admit you were wrong and defend the science.  We're all human.  Who amongst us haven't bent the rules of our local province/state/municipality.  I know personally we've had cousins (children) over to play with my kid despite that not being medically prudent.  (just don't do it again Dr!)
Sure you live by yourself, but you're going in and out of medical clinics where there are vulnerable patients.... not sure what you meant by your risk level was low
It’s frustrating that different rules seem to apply to influencers. We see all the influencers partying with really no repercussions, and here you are A DOCTOR, doing the same thing. Stay home doctor Mike.
Uhhhh post this on your main channel
And yet some people who comment here still doesn't wear masks. Lol hypocrites.
wrong again. masks don't work. You had it right on the boat.
Half the comments here : 'Wow Doctor Mike is so brave for admitting he was wrong, it's so hard for people to face their mistakes'.  Like dude you know he's a Doctor, right? He should know better. Negligence at its finest.
You mention your accepting of negative comments yet you have filtered out so many comments in your other videos.  Not very accepting to me.
I am disappointed. Sure you may be young, healthy, and live alone. But you’ve said, and you know, it doesn’t matter. Covid doesn’t discriminate. What about the people your friends are around? The people who may have had a short exposure to a friend who may be sick? Despite them not making the wrong decision. You are the one who made this decision. You and your friends could have killed someone due to yalls poor choices. You are a doctor, who has seen covid patients. Who has preached about precautions, and you ignored them anyway. I am disappointed
I feel like I got clickbaited. I thought he caught corona virus.   He followed all the rules and did as much as possible to make sure no one got sick.
*sad bee whoop*
Why is this video on this channel  but not on the official and main channel?
I appreciate this apology. I think it's probably the best we were going to get under the circumstances, though the fact it's on a second channel I didn't even know existed until now is... questionable... But the situation still sucks. Like most people, I've sacrificed and lost a lot this past year, so it's frustrating to see someone taking unnecessary risks.
Hi Dr. Mike, I'm really disappointed. Up until now I've had a really high opinion on you adressing the pandemic and in general.  Although I live in germany and different guidelines apply to me, i have followed them since the pandemic started.  I haven't seen my friends in over 2 months now because we are limiting our contacts due to rising infections. Instead of living at campus, i live at my parents, don't have any social life, can't play football anymore etc. You name it, many are in the same situation.  Seeing one of the most dominant figures in social media when it comes to the pandemic being that irresponsible, in a country and state where the numbers are one of the worst, is extremely disappointing and hypocritical. Your apology video is weak and manipulative. Thats why i decided to unsubscribe. And others should think about it too.  I'd be glad if you adressed the problem properly, but nevertheless my trust in you is permanently broken. Those pictures seem to expose your real self, another superficial IG influencer with privileges when it comes to ignoring guidelines, who happens to be a hypocritical Doctor on a sidenote.
no thanks you are cancelled
I really feel this should be on your main channel where you have bigger reach.  I'm honestly just disappointed that you went through with it considering this pandemic has stopped me being able to get to the UK from Norway to see my family as my flights are always cancelled since the pandemic just keeps going due to people taking risks.  I get this has a toll on everyone and no on is immune to that toll either but we have to do our part.  ETA:  I let it slip my mind as I forgot YT won't know unless I say basically I have a legal requirement to return to the UK.  I am not married to my partner and my visa only last 6 months.  It expired around May but the police are understanding to my situation.
You are only apologising because you got caught. I saw the photos of you crowded on a boat with women who looked like they had their boobs and lips injected with a million gallons of plastic. No masks no social distancing.  You are a hypocrite. You just don't want to lose fans or your $$$
Seeing a doctor mike going to a party mid  Pandemic hurt me. I followed all the instructions he provided never went partying and skipped offline school  because I have very weak immune system, always extra careful of who I meet. I even followed all the advice Dr Mike gave about the pandemic. It just hurts seeing him party when I rejected party invites and lost friends just to keep them and myself safe. How can party be more important then health. I don't think I can accept this apology.
Really appreciate to hear you recognize your mistakes in front of the wolrd. That's what makes people great and makes the difference between all of us. It's very necessary and important for people to learn to apologize. Well done! We understand
You should have known better. Unacceptable.
1) you didn't post this on your main channel? 2) the guideline you say you follow says 10 people but there is a picture going around with 15 people? wanna explain that too?
🤗
I didn’t even know he has a side channel. What good comes out of posting it here?🤔 Oh, right. Less people find out that he messed up so he loses less subs.
Dear colleague! Thank you for your channel and the content that you put up. As doctors we do make mistakes but when we do it’s important to own up to them as you are doing. We can be intense critics of our selves and sometimes set impossible standards for our work and daily life. I hope that you continue to spread your good message in the future. You have owned your mistake and now lift ur head up and continues spreading good information to our patients. In our profession it is far to easy to look in our own mirror with detest. Do not let this happen to you! With love and support from Norway!
YOU said it's not OK to have mini parties even with masks and being 6 feet a part and there you are, side by side not wearing a mask and having fun. I had to miss my nephew's first day of school, i had to miss the birth of my second nephew, and i have to miss my christmas with my family. But sure, your risk level was "OK" because you're young and healthy, eff all the immune compromised people you might come in contact with... Might as well go party with tiktokers. And putting this on your clips channel with the least followers is problematic YTrs apology 1-0-1.
I still don't understand what he did, so anyone care to elaborate??
"I got caught so now I'll lie to protect my income" - Dr Mike
Wait so what exactly happened??
Lol
Much respect to u we love you
One of the problems of being famous. But, in this video, I think he had a good action
Daddy chill
As a nurse that has been on the frontline: what you did doesn’t make me nearly as angry as the people that are professionally outraged and forced you into making this video.   Your actions didn’t invalidate your message. Their actions and manipulative words did.
It must be hard take that much responsability. I do undertand that each case must be individually analysed and take action on your own situation and see how it's used to attack other contexts must be a drag.  You didn't make a mistake as person, but you, unfortunately, made one as influencers in the health sector.  It doesn't matter to me. I'm still proud to share your contents with my friends in Brasil and Spain as one trustworthy place of information and I appreciate everything that you have been doing.  Thanks for the explanation and example, one more time and keep the good work.
We still learning about “guidelines”  Do you know what’s gathering mean for me ??? Places like target, Walmart, Homedepot and go foward those places are full of people allllll day long and no one told or talk about not during pandemic lockdown or after lockdown they never closes and people from everywhere next to each other from 8 am to 11 pm and ..... 10 people or a bit more then 10 people in a boat ...in open air space and sun-  how it can be more dangerous p places that I said above, sorry for my ignorance but I still don’t understand the guidelines even though I fallows as best as I can -  Glad all went well  Not gathering can be a good thing in many levels  but being isolated inside an apartment and not get one little bit of sun ☀️ that’s anyone easier to get sick or crazy sorry -  Nutrition vitamins healthy life style always will be the best way  to fight any virus -  We all don’t know much about Covid  still We just can’t give up period  be open for flexibility to continuum life and be flexible to back or forward as it needs as it get knowing better DrMike , Your knowledge it’s priceless  I love Bear.
It's never easy human being are social and our families are even harder to stay away from. You are doing the right thing by apologising but try and feel better about this as I will continue to follow the rules and support our healthcare workers.
Honestly, I understand his point and why he's apologizing. We are human and we all make mistakes. Also don't discredit the science behind COVID-19 I've had friends get it and family members get it. It's not easy to watch people struggle. Dr. Mike thank you for always being transparent and 💯 with us.
And now you have to Post it on the main Account
I think you're human and what you did is completely understandable. You try really hard every single day to help people, as a doctor and also as a youtuber, and that is what really matters. It's so sad that people forget all the good things you've done just for one mistake and that they feel entitled to judge and criticize you so harshly when you are always so thoughtful and compassionate. I don't think you're a hypocrite or a bad person. You are awesome and you will still be awesome even if you make more mistakes because we all do. I want you to know that there are a lot of people that still  support you :)
you dont even have this on your main channel? i dont forgive anybody who stresses the important of social distancing guidelines and STILL go out and party beacuse they have the money and privledge to do so. do you not get that you are a public figure with so much influence. you aren't tanna mongue, you're a medical dr. you have people looking to you for guidence and wisdom. glad you owned up... kindof? but you dont seem to fully grasp how badly you effed up.
Forgive yourself and other and they will forgive you
We all make mistakes sometimes, but not everyone is brave enough to take responsibility. 🧡🧡❤️
This pandemic has been hard on all of us. Almost everyone are bound to slip at one point or another. That obviously doesn't make it okay, but try not to be too hard on yourself.  We're all just human.
It is nice to see an influencer come out and say that he did something wrong however it does contradict his original messaging and that is the issue with this. As he admitted, he might be able to defend his decision but he has now pushed out the problem with unclear messaging
Not really sure if this was a “mistake”. Looks more like a “do and if caught, ask for forgiveness” scenario.
CDC guidelines recommend that :       1. you don't wear a mask while on the beach/pool        2. I don't know what the capacity of the boat is, but the CDC recommends no more than half the capacity to be on the boat   when it comes to the number of cases per million resident, Florida is ranked 23rd in the US  He's  31 years old, very healthy, lives alone, with prolly responsible friends that took precautions during/before the party  I think that risk that he took was very low, and worth it considering everything, the pandemic has been raging on for almost a year, let the man have some fun  would love to have a discussion if anyone disagrees with anything I've said
It’s your life, you made a little mistake, everyone judging you has during the pandemic as well.
Its alright doc, we all make mistakes just dont make it a habit. There is no doubt you took a dent from this but having the self critique to realize that one fucked is half the way to correcting the mistake.  Keep being awesome Mike, we will get through this pandemic.
You said it, you messed up. I don't like what you did, and how you are facing this situation. At least you apologized, but it's not always a solution. I am an Italian medicine student, and whenever I faced someone who doesn't believe COVID exists (and it's too many people), I was so glad to send them your videos, to help them understand and accept what we are going through. Your channel was like a safe place. I feel so disappointed now... I haven't been going out for months now, my little cousin couldn't have a party for her birthday, my grandma couldn't have her nephews beside her on Grandparents' Day. We all made and are still making sacrifices. How do you think we feel watching you having fun, maskless, without a care in the world? How do you think I can explain this to the conspiracy theories fans, or even to my grandma and my cousin? You said it, you messed up. And I don't know if I can trust you again. So own up to this, truthfully, and we'll see what's gonna happen.  Stay safe, everyone.
What's going on actually, can someone tell me? Please I am confused
Guys, he doesn't have to share private things on his main channel, I actually think it's better that way. I'd prefer it if his main channel is focused mainly on education/fun
You sir are a complete bullshit artist! Well done!
Only apologising because you got caught...sorry but not buying any of this. More than any other "influencers" you should have known better
Stress levels in your position are incredibly high and you are working in such a dangerous position at such a young age.  It is to be expected that you need breaks and will forget the impact you have with so many people when all you want is to get away with your friends and not think about COVID-19.  We all make mistakes but the important thing is to learn from them.  Which you have. While trying to invent the lightbulb they found 200 ways not to make a lightbulb.
Thank you for being honest and all you can do, is keep learning, that’s all any of us can do. Mistakes are made, you apologised and now you’re reflecting. Honestly a lot of us are proud of you for doing that. Thank you again.
Remember this, we all are human beings and mess up from time to time. This has to be ultra embarrassing.
I love your videos! You only did one thing not so well and the hate begin. You are so self reflected I really like that ♥️
Everyone is taking it really hard on Mike, and I understand that, what he did was irresponsible. At the same time, eventhough Mike is a doctor spreading awareness through the media, he is also human. I always wear my masks and I socially distance as much as I can. But during this pandemic, I've also been to parties, I've met up with my friends and I've hugged people. I know I shouldn't have done it, but I did it since it was what I wanted to do at that moment. We cannot be perfect, but we can learn from our mistakes. Thank you Mike for being honest.
I'm truly sorry you have to go through that, but you are a human. You need to socialize with other people . You don't want to go insane off not seeing people. I've been seeing people, my friends my closest friends ,my relatives ,my boyfriend and we're good .I know I'm only 13 but that's normal for humans . I'm not saying it's not okay and I'm not saying it's okay to go around all the time but that's what I think. Again I'm sorry and I feel you. Take care❤
I respect your apology but how am I supposed to believe you from now on?
This year, I didnt even remember my birthday..
I'm sorry doc. I've to unsubscribe and unfollow. At least for a time being. Because, it's like we're okaying those beach frat parties. You're following the guidelines, but you won't be able to answer for those who were there. I still believe what you're doing on this channel is a good thing. Keep it up.
I have watched your videos twice a week, not just about entertainment or because people call you the sexiest doctor. And yes, I'm truly saying that you messed up and you let me down. However, we still love you. We all have to move on and overcome this crisis time, together!
It just seems like you care more about being a playboy and using your title to pick up hot chicks then you do about people around you and your patients. Why isn’t this on your main channel?
Guidelines are true and does leave us safe, but people will crack under this pressure. Go see people and family just be sure that all are staying safe and maybe take the test before that. Don’t worry we don’t hate you the same people hating on you sometimes they’re doing the wrong thing but just saying stuff to let you down ♥️
Unfortunately this pandemic has brought about a real class divide. It seems there have been one set of rules for the rich and a different set for the rest of us. Even worse, the care provided to these rich and famous is always disproportionate to the care provided to the rest of us. In countries like America it's because they can buy that care, here in the UK it's because the National Health Service sees it as a reputational need to be praised by those with power. Meanwhile, people with cancer and other serious conditions are not being treated. I know of several people who have lost loved ones to treatable conditions because the NHS wouldn't see them or long waiting lists meaning conditions have gone undetected.
I’m sorry Dr Mike but I think you’ve undid the things you worked hard for in your YouTube videos. The thing with a party like this is you could have counted the people before the vessel departed land, with a double mask on. This was your choice, unless they were physically forcing you to stay.   Again I’m sorry, but this has hurt you.
We all make mistakes, but not everyone is humble enough to admit them or even less, apologise for them. Thank you for being that person... May this increase the impact you have on so many around the world. My kids and I (from South Africa) just love your content. You most definitely do far more good than damage so keep doing what you do!
Awful lot of high and mighty people in these comments that have apparently not made a single COVID mistake over the past 9/10 months. Get a grip.  He apologised & he meant it. I don't even think he should have had to.
For those who are saying he didn't follow the boat capacity guidelines because there were more than 10 people on the boat, please read the guideline more thoroughly before jumping down his throat. It says, "Maximum of 10 on the boat or 50 percent of the rated capacity, whichever is greater."
😟
Honestly, yeah he made a mistake. Undoubtedly (even if he admits it). But I see no reason for others to be criticising and hating this man. Mike has saved lives in the hospital and educated millions. We've been isolating and distancing for a long time now and it definitely affects us negatively to an extent to which we want to interact with others again. I think he did the wrong thing, but I'm not one to judge him, cuz at the same time, I haven't gone to the lengths he's gone to help millions outside him.
We are humans, and we make mistakes. Ive made mistakes so many times this year.
We may be tired of Covid 19 but Covid 19 is not tired of us!!!
what a hypocrite...
It's ok Dr. Mike. Don't be so hard on yourself :) Much love. God Bless :)
Hold on... a few WEEKS ago..? Why didn’t you address this after it happened? And why is this on the side channel and not the main? Would you be saying this stuff if no one knew you did this? Just curious 🤨 overall at least you admitted you fucked up. More people need to do that. But some of this is sus.
Post this in front of the 6.5 million people on your main channel
Do what you want Mike f the guidelines
It's ok everyone's human bra 👍
OK GAVIN NEWSOME 💀
Keep your apologies tbh. How can people take you seriously now? We are fighting not just the virus but the misinformation, the deniers, the covidiots etc. Hope you wont upload another covid related video (and profit from it) again
Such a coward to not post this on your main channel. That's on top of being a hypocrite and a massive disappointment to so many of your followers. And those 'bikini babes'! Christ almighty Dr Mike, how much of a cliché are you?!
But you never got a positive test? In the end you didn’t get the virus and as far as you know didn’t spread it. That’s what matters, and I get that you think you messed up, but your judgement did not prove you wrong here. This world asks too much of you right now. We all need a break, and I’m glad you got yours ❤️
guys he apologized I know it doesn’t make up for what he did but he is a HUMAN just like us we mess up and learn from our mistakes. Stop leaving such hateful comments under his APOLOGY video. I don’t know doctor mike on a personal level but he just doesn’t seem like the guys that would brag that he has money or that he could afford a boat let’s just forgive and learn from our past.
I am glad you’re posting an apology about this, since it’s hurt so many people. However, it’s hard for me to believe you didn’t see these consequences unfolding—you’ve always been very aware of your responsibility as a public figure and physician. You’re human and make mistakes, that’s okay. But I think it’s disingenous to claim you had a “lapse in judgment,” because I think you knew what you were doing was risky.   This pandemic has been hard on everyone, especially on healthcare workers like yourself. The idea of spending good, quality time with friends is so appealing in times like these, and I understand why you broke your own rules. I hope you’re able to do better next time, and find happiness & joy in ways that are safe for everyone.
I saw the pictures.  Crowded yacht, party, bikinis & no masks or social distancing. Say one thing. Do another.
You’re human and allowed to make mistakes. Thank you for admitting what happened and apologizing. We all crave human interaction, don’t fault yourself for that. It’s hard to be strong all the time without a break. I appreciate your videos and expertise. I hope you stay happy and healthy too! 💜
OMG, stop apologising! Did you spread Covid......? No...... ? Then tell haters to go LOVE themselves.
I saw the article today and thought “Oh no! He’s a human being and he makes mistakes.” Honestly, you didn’t end the world and you aren’t a horrible human being. Those who say otherwise just like to find one thing wrong with someone so they can crack the armor that is you and it makes them feel good. You’re fine in my eyes. Hang in there!
I went to your page to unsubscribe after this  incident, as I am deeply upset. I couldn't be with my grandma when she died. This apology should have been on your main account, though I do appreciate your honest apology.
It’s nice that someone apologising not because there is some drama. But it's a shame that this is not on your main channel. Stay happy and healthy ♥️🤗
Do I think he did something wrong? Yes Is it disappointing? Yes Does this diminish all of his previous work? No  He made a mistake, we all do and we don't deserve to be 'cancelled'. Let's forgive and move on like he needs to do for himself.
As you said your self, we are all human everyone makes mistakes and admitting one is a big and it makes you a even better person then you already are. Keep up the good work you do every day and stay happy and healthy.
Im not sure if masks work very well. I wore one in Tennessee. Wore it the whole time unless we were back where we were staying. Everyone followed guidelines. Every single one of us got sick and tested positive.
We‘ve all been there. I take covid very seriously, still I have visited my parents from time to time to not get crazy and heartbroken over not seeing them... You‘re a human, just like everyone else, keep up the work.
I looked at the comments and see only a few of these liked by Dr Mike himself and it's only the super nice positive reinforcing ones, there's not one negative comment, bad comment, or even a constructive criticism of a comment that he likes.... only the ones that make him feel better about his actions, sorry after this you've lost my subscription.
This is what I tell my kids: people make bad choices and mistakes happen, and that's ok. All choices come with consequences which you choose to accept when you make the choice. Owning up and taking responsibility go a long way. As long as you learn and grow from this then there's still some positive to take take away. (Big tight proper Welsh cwtch of a hug!). Sorry you have to face your consequences in the media.
I rarely comment on yt videos but i was waiting for him to address the problem. He appologized, that's good i find it genuine, but saying sorry isn't everything we all knkw that and we are all waiting if he's going to try to correct the mistake he made or not(ik its covid and its not something correctable if it's spread but uk what i mean) we all are human, we all do mistake but let's not be hypocrite ourselves too, the stress of lockdowns for almost a year and being alert all the time is not easy we are all trying to follow the precautions but sometimes we slip, i did and i almost got it when i saw my cousin bc i missed him and he turned out positive but from then i learned from my mistake and kept my distance from all my relatives and i hope Dr. Mike and his friends does indeed learn from their mistake. We all want for this pandemic to be over and get our lives back and i hope we do. Stay safe everyone.
You straight up violated the Hippocratic Oath. "Self reflection" won't fix that
Don't deserve to be attacked because it's not fun
While I appreciate your apology, I can't help but still be disappointed. My uncle is in a coma and on a ventilator due to covid. I didn't celebrate my birthday with family or friends, and I rarely leave my apartment unless it's necessary. As a doctor, you should know better. This shouldn't even be an issue. I respected your transparency, but I feel like there's a big amount of hypocrisy here and it's going to take a long time to gain that trust back. People are dying. You of all people know this. I expected more.
If we are responsable, if we use masks, wish hands or use alcohol ., .... we Can go out. The black side of this is when people gets all together., ... that is the risk... because you dont know if the one On Your side catch it or not.  We need to take care ourselves and others, we cant be selfish
We forgive you no one's perfect
Man don't sweat it, we are humans and an occasional slip up doesint mean the values you hold aren't legitimate. Smart? No, but like not gonna be a hypocrite myself and judge YOU for falling into needing some social interaction when I have done the same (and I'm sure many if us have at some point). Difference is noone know who the heck I am.
I think this is a classic case of "decision fatigue"... after 8 months + of doing the right things and watching others disregard the pandemic, it wears on you. Everyone is having fun, continuing life while you follow guidelines and stay home. You want to stay safe but also want some normalcy for yourself. At some point you're bound to trip up and make a decision that is out of bounds. You'll decide to just go with something that can put you at risks of spreading. Just my opinion 🤷
Being in the spotlight makes you out to people like you are infalible. People forget that at the foremost you are human.  I've listened to you because you are a source of information based on facts without discrimination and without biases. I think that your privet life is your and it should be privet.  Hypocrisy does not come into play at all since no one but ypu and whoever is close to you knows your private life. Your compassion and support has shown throughout all your videos and people should not forget that. Even if it doesn't count for much you have my support and will continue to do so. I am grateful for what you do. You have helped people all over the world. And I encourage you to continue doing so.  Thank you. And I wish you the same you wish for all of us. To stay happy and healthy
You are still wrong and in the eyes of some you will always be.  That being said no one should be disparaged because they wanted to relax a little.  This whole idea that we must lock down and hide and do nothing is bad for people mentally. It's bad for people as a whole. Anyone who focuses on the medical without seeing the psychological can't see the forest for the trees.  People were not meant to live hiding in houses so people shouldn't get bent out of shape when someone deems for themselves that a moment of relaxation is the right thing to do.  You will never please everyone that's why you have to watch out for yourself.
Whole first half was justification. Second half was sort of an apology. But you undermined yourself as a medical professional.  In one fell swoop you became something that no one wants to actually say, a hypocrite. Furthermore, you link your apology in the community tab from your second channel, there is no logical justification for that. It feels real slimy. Don't you think? Don't worry though. It'll blow over in a week.
I understand some people are mad because this isn't on his main account,but at least he posted it...
I don’t know...for a medical professional it’s hard to understand such a serious judgement lapse. Everybody would be partying right now if it was up to them but this is not the time. I really have no idea what the thought process of doing that was - partying in the middle of all of this is so disappointing. Practising what you preach...instead of just preaching it would have gone a long way. Saying the implications and providing research...only to ignore most of it yourself is useless. I expected more from a doctor.
Thanks for the apology, at the end of the day we are all human but I don’t understand if you followed all of the guidelines why this has been made such a big thing? Here in the UK there are an awful lot not following basic guidelines like wearing a mask in shops and social distancing so we are now in a tier system which to be honest still won’t work because so many have the mind set that its coming up to christmas and they will still see family and friends. If you followed guidelines, where is the issue?
It is very very valuable that you come and apologise, clarify, explain everything very fluently. I understand the sadness you feel now that's because of your high knowledge and beautiful heart. Can you remember telling us doctors are human too and they make mistakes? That's what it is we all are human we always gonna make mistakes but as you say the important thing  is that we learn from them and don't make them again. That's how it works learning from our mistakes and progress for better and that's what you teach us in every video you educate us a lot and we always gonna  appreciate them and follow them. I love you, your subscribers love you , bear lives you. We all are proud of you and admire your apologise. Doctor Mike this time  I tell you to stay HAPPY and healthy.
He's got that hairline grow back..... Suss !!!!
very very very disappointed.........
While you talk about mental health; I couldn’t help but notice while you were talking you were confident but also incredibly hard on yourself. As somebody like myself that strives to do better, to learn from mistakes and to hold myself accountable, I make mistakes too. However Dr.Mike; you are still human. We all make mistakes not that just affect us personally but others around us too. Please don’t be so hard on yourself. Much love ❤️
I appreciate taking accountability-but why isn't this on your main channel? 57k subscribers vs several million? I searched for a response from you earlier today and didn't see this video (even though it was already posted) bc this channel is relatively small.   It taints the apology a bit (for me), bc it feels like you're still trying to save face. Food for thought.
Dr Mikes shirt is holding on by a thread. Don’t worry about it. The people who are judging are literally the same people who go out every weekend.
I have to admit—I heard about this from InformOverload the Doctor Mike wasn’t a covid believer now and showed that picture.  I’m so glad this is the first thing I saw....but I’m feeling...weirdly...betrayed. However I also understand, and if he did his own EDUCATED risk/benefit analysis and he had a small get together with friends....I mean? That’s not wrong?  However...with fame..comes the ROYAL ‘We’ in a way. And he is one of the big faces in the medical community. On here. Somewhere people expect to get a symbol to watch, respect, and follow.  Just a bit disappointed, honestly. But this helped.
So this right no offense at all But it seems you have lots of time on youtube Pretty cool being a doctor that have lots of time to guide us, teach us, have fun in the community
Humans make mistakes...now lets move on <3
We are all human and we make mistakes. Dr. Mike may come off as perfect to many but there's no such thing, and there's nothing wrong with that. Everyone deserves to learn from their mistakes. I'm glad you're taking accountability and putting it out there where most would try to not address it. People should not be focusing on which channel he decided to post this video to. It's out there and that is what should be acknowledged the most.
Here I thought he was gonna talk about the Philip defranco interview.
Your forgetting the humanity of lockdown. It's not just about the health impact it's the compromise. Your wrong because even now your missing the point. It's easy for you when your as rich as yourself. Easy for someone who isn't impacted because they are a doctor. The elite.
Dr. Mike messed up. He gave his reasons. They sucked but I can see how he twisted in his own mind to make it ok. I bet he doesn't do this again. He has always tried to be as real as he could w us. He is also still very young and spent gis young dumb years in med school. He is gonna do stupid things now and then. Learning from that is key. I still trust him.
Well, thank you for apologizing
I am not upset or disappointed. It was a mistake done by another human. Nobody is perfect. How could we clear everything Dr Mike taught us after one event?
What about the collabs you did lately, even if you both get tested for covid, its not sending out the right message and forces one of the two to travel quite a bit. You can still do collabs, just do it via facetime .
No pee voop   ITS SERIOUS 😰
Technically, you did nothing wrong. You followed all the guidelines in regard to the activity you were doing. In my opinion, the thing that you were guilty of though was doing a mass group picture when you still should have been socially distancing. You all never should have been as close as that! 🤷🏻‍♀️
I just don't trust doctors
Yes this was not a smart decision but let's not forget all the good Dr Mike has done. You get people who constantly make bad decisions then when they make a good choice which it goes unnoticed. Some people do tons of good and the moment they do something wrong people jump on the bad news like vultures, yes some faith and trust may have been lost but do not forget all the good Dr Mike has done.
It's messed up how crazy people are that he has to day sorry...
Will and always will love you mike❤
I appreciate that you stood out and admit your mistake, most importantly, kept the video under 5 minutes lol
I know friends can apply a big peer pressure to do fool things. Explain that way. It's better than "i saw that on boats you're not supposed to wear masks and can handle a maximum of persons", when it was kind of clear that you weren't properly distancing and obviously were more than 8. I feel sorry if it sounds hard but it's kind of lame. Anyway  I know you're just a human and as far as a viewer I'll continue to watch your videos and try to support you because your public figure is more important than the private one. I know this thing will have still a big impact on you, but remember to take care of yourself and don't let you down for a mistake (even if it was a big one) KEEP DOING THE GOOD WORK! :) Have a nice day 🌻
Lol dude I'm glad you went on vacation.  We're all scared and alone and some human warmth is really important once in a while. I don't think you were being excessive either. In fact it sounds like you have been really cautious for a long time and couldn't take it anymore.  I think a lot of people are at their wits end. I certainly am.   Maybe I'm wrong because I'm not a doctor but how bad is it really? Isn't the death rate going down? Are you overwhelmed at work still?   You lived a little amidst death. Isn't that worth the risk at this point? I feel like it is worth it but maybe I'm wrong.  What if you're already dying? Like you're really sick and can't figure out why and this might be your  last chance to see more of the world? Is it worth it then?
It is just sad to just watch someone like you who has been always there in all health conditions pandemic or not always guiding people to the right thing getting attacked by some people who wants to justify their bad actions by throwing it on you back, it is just a shame i love doctor mike and being cautious is not because he said so because it is the right thing to do, but they use your mistake to turn the thing on you don't worry man if they are waiting for your mistake to use it we know the good you did and we appreciate it god bless you 🙏
I just want to say that it is ok. You did a mistake and that is ok. You admitted it and learned from it. Now lets all  move forward a bit wiser from this :)
You're a human too Dr Mike. I get it. You admit I appreciate that. Sending love and strength < 3
I think that the image of Dr Mike I had has changed forever. That is just disappointing :(
The Heck happened?
It was like 20 people on that yacht and the maximum was 10 you didn’t take precautions and you know it
" Iwent on the CDC website to check the guidelines". At what time and what was the duration for checking before you jumped on the boat.  Come on Dude stop making your apology Charming.  Just say I miss having fun, And at that point I couldn't resist it.
" Iwent on the CDC website to check the guidelines". At what time and what was the duration for checking before you jumped on the boat.  Come on Dude stop making your apology Charming.  Just say I miss having fun, And at that point I couldn't resist it.
Y'all are really rude people for attacking medical professionals for having a good time with family and friends. Especially people who can and will do good for the community. He admitted he's wrong so stop holding him accountable for where he posts this video. It won't matter to you in the long run but it does matter to the person you are victimizing, and someone who gladly wakes up every day to treat covid patients. The internet is a rude place
No one is perfect anyone who says they have never messed up is a lier. we are only human as long as we learn from it that's ok.
In Chinese there's a phrase - everyone makes mistakes but must repent which u did.  God bless you. Thanks for all your video. 😊
I don’t think you needed to apologize or talk about your personal life but apology accepted.
I can't say I'm not disappointed. But you admit to messing up and I hope and do believe that you've actually learned from this
I am 100% that everyone judging him has been to at least one if not several gatherings, parties and dinners during the pandemic. Yes, he is a public figure but he is also human like all of us. People on the internet just like to pretend they are perfect and judge others...
I'm astounded that Dr. Mike has been made to feel the need to apologise. First of all, we're all only human; we make mistakes. It happens. Second, he took all of the necessary precautions and really thought about it. He chose to take part in an activity his friend/s had organised and paid for (we'd have all felt guilty saying no, and who knows if they'd have got their money back?!). Third, he may have been helping to support a business that could have otherwise struggled due to COVID-19. It could have been the difference between someone being able to get a food shop in, or going hungry for the week. (I'm unsure of the company used, so can only suggest this is the case.)  We are all going through the same pandemic. We are all dealing and coping with it differently. None of us have been perfect throughout, whether you think you have or not, you've probably slipped up somewhere yourself too. Let's be kind and understanding towards others because this is hard enough as it is. We all need to consider the mental health of others as well as ourselves.
You know what, we all make mistakes and its easy to get caught up when influenced from the outside. What truly matters is that we acknowledge our mistakes and take accountability. I understand that people are mad because of your stance on this pandemic, but we should all acknowledge that he's just human. We tend to have such high expectations from people in "power" but they slip up too. Dr. Mike dont be so hard on yourself, dont let this take a toll on your mental health. I'm sure you're being your worst critic. We dont ask for perfection, just effort.
I really appreciate you address this and yes - nobody is perfect. I think people understand that you needed a time out, yet we all do and we all were told to choose wisely - also by you and your channel. Yeah, go and see friends, but not a group at once and clearly don't hug or take unneccessary group pictures. (And I think nobody believes that those are all "good friends".) And guess what: if you really felt uncomfortable before going on that boat you had all chances to say "no, we can't do that". That's what we all are asked to do! Additionally even if the number of people was okay, the limitation is set to make sure people can KEEP DISTANCE.  Oh God, when I meet with 1-2 friends once in a while now I so so so want to hug them and we want to be careless, too, but we rather keep each other safe! These pics also were a slap in the face of people who can't see their families on christmas etc. Let alone all the closed/struggling businesses. There are shops/ restaurants which can't have 15 customers at a time, even when those are not posing and hugging! I believe that you are sorry for the impact that all had, I really do - but the way you say all this still sounds like "it was okay and in line with the guidelines to have that party", ignoring the fact that everyone is told to reduce social contact to a minimum (and a group of about 13 is no "minimum"). You seem to regret the outcome more than the initial choice to go on that boat with that many people. I wished you had just said "sorry, it was a wrong decision to have that party" + apologize about the impact. This leaves me very torn. PS: You should put this vid on all your channels...
Typical rich people living in a double standard, I don't know why people are so rilled up. What were you expecting?
Put this on the main channel
Coronachan forgives you. She knows you don't mean her any disrespect by having a party without inviting her.
I didn’t know what happened until this video came up on my recommended. At first I was thinking it wasn’t so bad and he was having a small gathering spending time with close family and friends on a special occasion. Then I looked at the comments and did research, and when the pics turned up I was disgusted. Very disappointing. It seemed more like a party with some hoes rather than a gathering with friends. That is enough to upset me on its own and I think he also has a questionable dating history, but then to be preaching covid precautions and not taking them just so he can get his fill of fake “sexy” ladies is just awful to me. Does he even know these women? It’s one thing to spend time with close friends and family but that?.... wow 😞
Good on you for reflecting on this and admitting it. You are correct, you do need to do better. You and everyone else in leadership or public positions we have read about lately. You’re a good role model. Thank you for that.
Hi guys!! And good job Dr👍🏻. I have question that can i study for medicine online and take exam to get my degree?when i say degree I don’t mean M.D .the basic science degree to continue my courses in my own country ! If any one knows ??
Thank you for this apology. You are right, you are human and will make mistakes. What is really disappointing, to me at least, is that I’ve sent your videos to people that do not believe in science who are constantly saying that this is a made up virus for doctors to profit and who, now I know, are just waiting for someone to slip up. I woke up to many text mocking me for even believing in this and for believe it in you. I feel terrible because you don’t need to beat yourself up for messing up, we are all human! But I am distraught that now people have a “reason” not to believe in science.
Rich pretty boy caught on his yacht 🙄
Ignore the haters.  You provide great advice and guidance 99.9% of the time, and if you make a mistake or information changes then you update.  You were celebrating on a private boat with your friends, not the Best look, but far from the worst action.  If you had been in a night club or parting on the beach then i might agree with the criticism.  As you had to test and isolate when you returned to New York anyway, you were putting no-one at risk But yourself.  Keep your Head up, you are amazing
We're humans and we all make mistakes, I'm sure that more than one who's writing in here, has done it, you didn't let us down, I like you and follow you since the beginning because of you transparency and your commitment, so I thank you for doing this video but there's no way you have let us down ✌🏻💕
Not him only liking the comments that go out on a limb to defend him... Very disappointed. This literally should’ve been on your main account, because now it feels like you’re trying to hide the controversy altogether.
...why isn't this on the main profile?
We are all human and at some point we break I broke once I feel bad but it gets to a point that I mentally cant withstand it
We are living in a world where we have to apologise living our life. no you didnt let us down, you didnt infect anyone and i am truly sorry that you have to apologise!
Truthfully, this covid thing has been so politicalized that politics comes first before science. That’s why I’ve stopped listening to you, to CDC and to other organizations that put political science over general science when talking about mask. Let’s be real, vast majority of people wear masks that doesn’t stop the exposure to the virus, even if when they do have such a mask (N95 or equivalent), they don’t even wear it correctly. Honestly, seeing how fast this sars-covid-2 vaccine is being produce, I can’t trust that; they don’t even have the first sars vaccine produce, and that’s been around for almost two decades now. With that said, we have to take in consideration how this virus transfers and who it effects. I’m not saying we should be careless, but I’m also not saying we should preach something that doesn’t do the job.   With that said, everything else you have to say when it doesn’t concern covid, I listen to that, because I know it isn’t politicalized.   I appreciate you being honest; honestly, I don’t know how to direct people with the concerns of covid. The only good advice about covid is that you should never touch your face with your hands before washing them when interacting with other people, regardless if it’s 6 feet, closer, or further, washing hands is probably the best and efficient way to stop the spread of the virus.
I saw an article today about Doctor Mike today and it was about how there was a photo posted online with someone who looked like Doctor Mike today partying mask-less in Miami, and I didn’t think it was real, so I was shocked when I watched this.  BTW, I love watching your videos and I will stay that way even if you mess up. 😊😁
If this supposed expert was certain about how deadly or dangerous this disease was he wouldn't have done this. The fact he did it should make you think that the message these 'experts' keep giving us doesn't apply to them. Trust peoples actions, not their words.
yeah. dr. mike just lost all of his credibility. we just learned a valuable lesson here: rules only apply to others and if you are young and healthy, it's fine to put everyone else at risk. wow. just wow. but i guess that's how the us works and why the pandemic is raging over there.  cheers from a risk patient from germany who has not hugged their friends in almost a year.
Dr. Mike, what numbers of cases are true, theres so many misconceptions and mistakes in online sites and even on news outlets what are the real official numbers or is there no way to truley count the cases
You're only sorry cause you got caught. 🤡🤡🤡
What happened?
I thought this was a fan made chanel
So why aren't you uploading this in your main channel?
Is 2020, right now people like to rip of heads 4 every reason without giving you time to explain yourself. People are messed up.....
Great, can you now address why you filtered and deleted comments, and blocked commenters who tried to bring up the subject on your latest videos?
Its easy: avoid as much risk as you can if you wanna take the pandemic seriously. There is no ok risk level there is just risk. It doesnt matter who defines what kinds of guidelines. Avoid risk as good as you can. I mean seriously, hanging out with friends on a boat. Of course thats risky i mean what do you expect? But hey its life we all mess up and tbh: you contribute more to a better world than many others so dont judge yourself too hard.
You are a grade A certified idiot. If you did this in the united kingdom you would most likely be struck off the medical register. Although I understand you dont really do much medicine atm anyway- so woildnt really be much of a loss
All of us do mistakes.
I still don't see what you did wrong? Everyone just seems to be complaining and putting blame on things cause the internet is toxic
Wait, your gyms are open? In germany, everything is closed.
Honestly, making the sacrifices and how much I preach you as a source of good information it is sad to hear you break a pact what we thought were all supposed to be doing. Irregardless, I don’t understand the point of apologizing when you’re supposed to take backlash that’s deserved and learn from it when the great source of comments you’re liking is positivity and redemption. It’s to be expected with your fan base, so I can’t help but think this was done (perhaps not intentionally) but to feel better about yourself. I mean you even posted it to your side channel as to not contaminate your main channel despite it being important? I genuinely feel the regret from the video and I’m sure he’s working on it in his own way but the way the comments are reacting makes it feel like a feel good video for himself it’s strange
This is some Gavin Newsom kind of nonsense. Preaching about Covid this whole time and not practicing what you preach, as well as only addressing it once you got caught with your hand in the cookie jar is extremely disappointing. I would expect as much from sleezy politicians, not you. Be better.
Yeah Dr Mike, I can totally see all those people on that boat being your “friends”. Who are you kidding 😂 Let’s hope you think first before doing next time ✌🏼
Don't try to explain why you messed up. You messed up. I'm in quarantine for the last 8 days because I was in a meeting with 5 people for an hour and we all did wear masks. One stayed at home the next day because she felt sick and 2 days later was tested positive with Covid. Now we are all in quarantine till December 3rd.  We 4 had been tested twice and were negative. Now we need to be tested again on Monday. The person with Covid is still positive and two of here family members are positive too. So don't mess up even if you think it's only with friends. Wear a f...ing mask and keep your distance. Greetings from Germany and you all stay save and healthy.
This feels lame and performative. You’re a medical professional, you’re an adult who’s responsible for their own decisions. Hooray for you and your friends that you’re in a financial position that helps you avoid the devastating consequences of this pandemic 🙄 if you hadn’t gotten caught, you wouldn’t be apologising.
Something about a doctor having a playboy lifestyle just doesn't feel right. Especially in these times, where other doctors/nurses are working 24/7. Usually apologies mean nothing after the damage is done. But this should go to your 6mil followers, where 2 days ago you just ranted about people not following the COVID rules. Do better.
Judging is easy, admitting a not ideal decision is not, and we sure need more kindness during these times. Stay safe.
*Warning, this comment is both based on my humor and truth but not intended to attack anyone, simply to address something I’ve seen repeatedly without acknowledgement. *   Hey Dr. Mike, you forgot to apologize to me specifically!!! How dare you?! Don’t you know that me, a member of the “my immune system was compromised before Covid and I just hit 30 years old this” demographic? Geez! Aren’t doctors suppose to be smart and know everything? Lmao. At this point, I laugh about this because I don’t have much else I can do. I was afraid of getting sick before Covid, now, I cringe when I hear someone passed away over night without showing symptoms because it only makes sense that someone that already had an immunodeficiency wouldn’t have time to fight back in time, much less show symptoms. So since I’m tired of worrying about that happening to me every time I fall asleep, I’m doing my best to laugh and focus on the good things. Since I don’t know if and or when it’ll happen, I want to say I worked hard at keeping my mom and my spirits up regardless of us both being on the same boat. I only wish I had a buffet to enjoy while on this boat so if we need to stop, I can be the anchor lmao!
Dr. Mike! Please believe me when I say that the good you have done for the world in general FAR outweighs the bad decisions that you and your friends have made here.   Everyone is being pushed to, and beyond, their limits this year - especially health care workers like yourself.   You are not a medical textbook. A medical textbook can not understand and explain the questions, concerns and problems that real humans have. Your job as a doctor is to BE HUMAN - and that includes everything that comes along with being human.   I have no doubt that this is not something you would have planned for yourself - which is likely why your friends,  no matter how misguided, wanted to do something to celebrate you.   There were no bad intentions here. Only a human mistake - and one you've quickly and sincerely clarified and apologized for.   We still love you. Anyone who has an issue from here on out ought to take a look at their own lives - they're not perfect either.  *socially distanced hugs*
I personally don't think there needed to be an apology
Don't worry mike..We are with you..You are a superman..Don't be sad.we are human and we need change in pandemic..it's completely fine❤💫🙃
What he did?
I still like you but this feels like the final straw for this stuff. California governor, representative, tons of other politicians who have said how scary covid is have been caught partying. Now the doctor who pushes it the most is caught partying. So the normal, poor people who are being affected the worst by the shutdowns are the only ones who have to stay inside and live in a bubble? I’m so over it.
It's completely normal to have mistakes here n there. sincerely, I hope this doesn't burden your thoughts for your future birthdays
Dr. Mike, I’m going to be honest here. I feel extremely disappointed in you. That was the last thing I expected from you. For someone who’s stressed to be careful and to wear a mask to NOT follow the advice you were given... like I don’t know what to say. You’re held to a higher standard because you’re a doctor and because you also have a large following. The fact that you’re posting this on your smaller channel and are apparently blocking/hiding comments? I hope that’s not true either. Please be honest. There were more than 10 people on that boat. I saw the pictures. But I get it, you are human
"INFLUENCER DOCTOR" boi bye 👋 ♥
Loooollll
this isn’t even posted on his main channel. also he’s making excuses and a bit gaslighting but ok doctor
..................geeeze dude
I do love him and he shouldn't have gone partying with really perfect women glad he apologized would still love to be with him
It seems you're sorry you got caught.... It's good that you try to apologize for this... But with all the messages going out to support healthcare workers worldwide. This, coming from you, is a slap in the face to all those who suffer. Yes, you are also human. But we all suffer. And loneliness is much harder on most than you.... Given your status as respected voice in the community, this is frankly mind-blowing.
Everyone makes mistakes and every mistake is a lesson.   I feel like you should post this on your main channel. That has the greatest reach on YT.
You live alone so you won’t put anyone else at risk? You’re a doctor for crying out loud. You see patients everyday. How are you not putting anyone else at risk? You just sound like every other influencer justifying going to parties 🙄🙄
When Doctor Mike said "The people that I am sorry to right now, are very specific people, it's you..." and at that point, I felt his sincerity to admit what he did. It feels like he is really talking to me at that moment. Still here to support you Doctor Mike!   I think this is the most genuine apology video I've ever watched.
Everybody makes mistakes but at least you know that you messed up 😊
You dont deserve the backlash. Keep the good message going!
I don’t care if you went out and had a party, you do you... you could encourage anything, and I’m not going to care if it is hypocritical or anything.
I appreciate all you do! Your videos help me more than you know and you’re one of the very few genuine people on YouTube nowadays. It’s rare, it’s important, and appreciated always. Your following is a reflection of your passion and it’s a beautiful thing. We’ll get through it(:
I'm so confused-- what's happening
Love you too, boss. ♥️🤙🏾
I appreciate the apology but I am disappointed as a registered nurse working in a critical access ED.  Fellow staff members are getting sick, cases are rising, it is getting harder to transfer sick patients to larger hospitals because they are at capacity with 15-30 holds deep.
I get the "we all make mistakes", I don't really get "i made a mistake regarding a global pandemic that I, a doctor, am dealing with daily". Pretty much on the fence about this.
Doctor Mike has been so diligent the entire time during covid, his assessment was sound and he (along with his friends, presumably) are low low risk, he should not be attacked so hard forget this! The media and celebrities use anything they can for publicity.
yeah that was incredibly disappointing to see. it's easy for all of us to think that way of "only a small number of people will be there, i won't get too sick if i get covid, i'll try to quarantine when i get home." but it is exactly those kinds of gatherings and events that are causing this increase in infections! STAY. HOME.
Ok yes he messed up. But he apologized and said that he was wrong for not wearing a mask....I just wonder, how many people don't wear a mask correctly, don't admit that they're wearing it wrong and are calling out Dr mike for not wearing a mask once and even after  he apologized for it🤔 WE ARE ALL HUMAN
I'm glad you spoke up, and are learning from a bad choice. Its more than a lot do. Thank you.
Meanwhile our minister of health after getting caught in the middle of the night leaving a pub with his colleagues while pubs must be closed: "I didn't do anything so severe, I didn't break any rules. I won't resign." Huge respect to you Dr. Mike.
Mike... Put it on your main channel... Do not hide it. We all mess up from time to time and is ok... We are humans. But show that you are not perfect to everyone. This apology seemed sencere but the fact that u try to hide it makes it worse. Please take care❤️
In other words everyone, don't wear a mask, and when someone says something, just say you're sorry and move on. Problem solved !
U gain a lot more respect than befor...love u man...
There's no one that's taking Covid 19 as serious as you do and we know that so don't be to hard on yourself your doing a lot already ❤️ You're already a great person for that 👍
❤
We all had a rough year. Stress, sadness and everything in between makes room for mistakes. Even if what you did was a mistake you are taking action, you adress it and try make it right. After all you are still human, not a superhero even if it seems like it sometimes. Take care of yourself ❤
I haven't worn a mask since after March... There are studies showing masks don't do anything. They had half of people wear masks and the other not wear. And it was the same outcome for both. It should be personal choice. I don't wear masks and don't plan on it. I do everything without a mask. Sun, exercise, eating right, drinking water. Is all better than a mask.
My boyfriend and I are both in nursing school and my boyfriend is currently a PCT on the COVID floor at our nearest hospital. I’d just like to say that we both love your videos, love how you keep everyone informed, and love how you are always honest and speak the truth and spread positivity. I’d also like to say that we saw you were with your friends and thought nothing of it other than “I’m glad he’s having fun and relaxing”. Every single person that watches your content knows that you care about the people during this pandemic and want to do the most you can to stop the spread and keep people safe. It’s a stressful job just being in nursing school so I can’t imagine the stress on you as a doctor through all of this. You deserve to relax Dr. Mike. Do not be so hard on yourself and know your fans support you always♥️
A boat? An effing boat was enough for you to throw away everything you've been talking about, everything you've been encouraging other people to do? If your followers had done this, you would have told them that they have to try harder to say no to situations like these and that the risk isn't worth the reward. And yet a boat was enough to blind you to all of that.  I'm not subscribed to you, but I've seen your videos pop up, and I've seen your picture in thumbnails of Noom ads. Gotta say, after seeing this video I really won't be putting any stock in what you say, because apparently a friends' party was enough to make you turn away from the things you believe it so strongly, and if it can happen in as serious a situation as Covid, I wonder how strong your beliefs and opinions are and if they'd be able to stand up in other difficult situations.
Doctor mike your human Man Ur gonna make mistakes everyone does so don’t beat yourself up we love u stay safe
Does making this video nullify this mistake though? I'm just wondering
Dr. Mike, we are all human and don’t always get it right.  Can I tell you the number of times that I’ve forgotten my mask in the car while running errands?  Many times.  I’d hate to see every mistake I make be broadcasted and dissected by armchair “social justice warriors”.    People are opportunist and create fake outrage so they can ride on the coattails of your popularity.  We know your heart and know how seriously you take Covid-19 and all the precautions to keep us safe and healthy.    Don’t be so hard on yourself.  If someone decides not to wear a mask because they saw you not wearing one then they need to grow up and take responsibility for themselves and make rationally-based decisions based on what medical science says and not on what another person does, even if that person is a doctor.
When I saw this video I was actually taken by surprise by your confession, an honest confession. You have set a bar for people out there in the world. As it is ok to commit a mistake but what's more important is realizing that mistake, accepting it with full hurt & ready to improve. It's a mark of a true, loyal, honest & caring human. I am truly honored to be part of your YT family, Doctor Mike.  I bow my head in your honor. Sending love.
I'd rather he clear up the figs thing cause he ran that company through the mud without doing any research. The ad wasn't targeted at women or DOs and he never once mentioned the philanthropic good Fugs has done even before covid.
Tell us about the hot copulation on that boat.
What's important is that, you as a doctor really admit that you're wrong and that you didn't acted like someone who will boast his self out. I admire you more for this act of yours. God bless you Dr. Mike 😊
You can’t just post these videos when you’ve made a mistake. If you knew it was wrong you wouldn’t have gone on the boat. Sure it’s your friends, but it is so reckless. Really disappointed man, and I’m a nurse so I get it, 2020 has been the worst, but there is no way I’m risking my family’s safety bc I wanna party. You risked your life, your dads life, and the lives of your friends and their families. You’ve undone so much of the hard work you put into educating people about covid.
Wow, that was really stupid
Oh my god, NOW you've stuffed up you are like "awww I stwuggle too".   You're an influencer, either influence correct or stay off YouTube you gronk
Are you allowed to make mistakes?  Absolutely. But I’m not sure this was a “mistake” per se. The thing is, a lot of things had to fall into place in order for that picture to be taken. Since March, I have worn a mask religiously. When I’m around someone else not wearing a mask, it’s blazingly obvious and makes me significantly uncomfortable. And I typically say something about it. I don’t know that this was as much a “mistake” as it was a complete disregard for the rules that you set forth to others. That doesn’t necessarily mean that you should be discredited for your actions...but this is probably going to be a hard lesson for you. Leadership means doing the right thing even when it stinks. Leading by example...and right now, you’re teetering in that area. I think you’ll make a comeback but please stop calling this a mistake. It wasn’t a mistake. Own that, and you’ll likely professionally recover better from this.   I hope everyone from that party was healthy and remains that way.
Dr Mike, I love you for this very reason. _hugs_
I can guarantee that people have not been following COVID/social distancing guidelines as suggested. We’re human, we’re social creatures. I know this is conceited and thoughtless, but as an essential worker & student, I need to blow off steam with friends and family too. I participate in larger gatherings, but I take precautions, I get COVID-19 tests, I always wear a mask, and if it were worse in my area, I’d probably be taking more precautions. But at the end of the day, despite mistakes, we’re valued. If humans were valued solely because of their mistakes, life would be fucking miserable. Just know that there’s hypocrites, and critics, at the end of the day they’re human too. :)
Ok so you messed up. You’ve explained it to us, I still trust your opinion on this... you have given so many grace it’s time to give yourself some. I used your advice from the beginning and I will continue to. A sign of a good Dr. isn’t to always be right(perfect) it’s that they will admit a mistake and then learn to do better! Much love from Pittsburgh
We're all human, it's noble to have such high regards to ones impact upon others
Dr. Mike you have such a successful platform and are such a valuable resource to many. Honestly it feels like this pandemic will never end....I know you are a human being we all make mistakes but this video made me sad. We’re all struggling here and this is just a reminder that no one can be perfect I just thought you’d have said no  considering your in the public eye. 🥺
What about your dumb friends who planned a party and invited a doctor? 🤔
You don’t need to apologize!!🥺
Oh god I'm so tired of following every guideline and not seeing my Partner and family for months, spending holidays alone in front of the computer, and then seeing other people living their best live and ruining all the effort of everyone else. Doesnt motivate me to keep following guidelines
The lack of true excitement in our lives due to COVID means we make easy mistakes. It's very tempting to jump at anything that brings you more joy than what you've been experiencing all year, even at the risk of yourself and potentially others. I'm not gonna lie, I'm pretty sure most of us have messed up at least once over this awful time. Maybe it cost us our health or maybe it didn't and we just got lucky. What's important is realising that you made a mistake.
Paramedic here. Man... dude... I get it. I haven't seen my family since February and I *struggled* to refrain from seeing them this Thanksgiving. (And I don't even celebrate Thanksgiving!!)  I honestly can't even be angry, offended, hurt, or catch any kind of negative feelings, man. Because I completely get it.  I don't judge people by the mistakes or bad decisions they make. I judge people by how they handle it after the fact. And dude, you have *my* respect, man.  Stay strong.  Keep doing you the best way you can. And know that you are supported.  Peace.
Doesnt matter if this is posted on his main channel or not. Point is he apologized for what he did. Its out there. Leave him alone.
another comment just to say we ALL are tired. I can't say selfish enough.
Let the dude have some fun. Nobody’s perfect. Dr. Mike, don’t put yourself down for enjoying your birthday.
Guess you’re not only a doctor following guidelines, but also an influence that has to take the effects of social media into account. Don’t blame yourself too much. As a citizen you acted right, that others use that for their advantage is not on you!
Is this a new channel?
All my respect! Some may say it's a nice acting but I know what honesty looks like and I can say you're 100% honest...as you are 100% human. Anyone can mess up. This makes me appreciate you even more. As humans we're ALWAYS avoiding to admit we're wrong. It's HARD and it takes COURAGE and HUMILITY. Those qualities are rare gold especially when it comes to public figures. So, once again, you have ALL MY RESPECT!! KEEP GOING, YOU'RE DOING AN AMAZING JOB! Wish this world was at least half full of humans like you.
All for the sake of bikini girls ?! Plz doctors respect ur career or leave it to another .u can work with Jordan in his yacht lol 🤣
This frustrates me so much. He followed the guidelines (which let’s be completely honest here, can be extremely confusing because the cdc, who, and our own governments in different countries, all go back and forth on sometimes) by going under the max number allowed on a boat, by not wearing a mask if it has the opportunity to get wet, and by quarantining when he got home. He literally did nothing against the guidelines and rules. Why is it that we feel the need to immediately crucify people (specifically people in the public eye) when they do something wrong (which again, he hasn’t done). The fact that he has to even make this apology video so his career isn’t ruined, is sad. There needs to be more grace and giving people the benefit of the doubt. The rules are constantly changing, we are all doing our absolute best. But I bet we can also all think of times where we could’ve done better. Let’s stop crucifying people and killing their careers for something as basic as being human and making mistakes. Which he didn’t even do in this case.
Those were the words of an apology but to be honest, when you said it, it really did sound a bit defensive.   I am not a hater, I enjoy watching your videos BUT I also believe in speaking for what I see happening in reality even if I support your channel.
I can't accept this apology man, and I'm sorry that I can't. I don't care if you were surprised, grateful, whatever. You go home and be responsible like everyone else. selfish.
As far as I’m concerned, you don’t have to apologize. We are not perfect and I’m sure that all of us have already misdone or not pay attention to something during this pandemic. I admit that after a year without seeing my family I didn’t comply with the social distancing... We are all human and everyone drops their guard. Those who say the opposite are just liars.
If you are really sorry upload it  on your main channel not in your community tab   .Sorry because you messed up or sorry you got caught????
People were daying and got sick even before this pandemic begun. My grandma died this year and I could not see her for the last time. I do not get angry on doctors or political figures because of it. I am angry on us as community that we are not seeking better ways on how to protect each other. We all have become too Lazy and selfish, me included.   Yes Dr. Mike is a healthcare worker and should of done better. DR. Mike did not use this video to share his excuse. It was made to apolegize and addmitting that he messed up.   That why I respect him even more now.  He is not the first health care worker, political person or celebrity, who has done this. Definately first one who came public to admit his mistakes without putting blame to someone:'' like paparazzi made wrong photo'' or some other bad excuse, just so they do not seem guilty. Cheers Dr. Mike! Stay safe and healthy everyone!
Ngl, when I saw that photo of you, my heart sank. My Dad died from the pandemic and we held off on even giving him a proper memorial for everyone's safety, and yet I see you, someone whose opinion I value, do the same thing you warned us against. I did get disappointed, but I understand. Thank you for explaining and apologizing. I hope this doesn't do much damage to the message you've been trying to send about safety this whole time.
As you said, we are humans. And humans mess up. It’s okay. We can’t be judging other people’s lives and opinions... we are free to do what we want. We take decisions that can affect other people. We learn, that’s it.   I got COVID 19 two months ago today. I was pretty careful staying at home most of the time and just going out when it was necessary. Unfortunately I got infected by someone who was irresponsible. I got angry, I felt frustrated but I moved on. I tried to puf myself on the person that infected me, and I know it wasn’t on purpose. Nobody wants to have the virus or transmit it.   You followed the rules. Don’t feel bad about it and move on. I admire you for years and I’ve learned from you. It’s okay not to be perfect. I mean, you are Dr. Mike! You are almost perfect at ANYTHING!!! Don’t go harsh on you and stay strong ☺️
The transparency here is so refreshing
I’m glad you acknowledged that this gives fuel to people looking to use you as an example to pretend the virus isn’t real or doesn’t put people at risk. As a practicing physician and a public figure that has advocate for wearing masks and social distancing, your behavior definitely calls your credibility into question for those who may be skeptical of the pandemic.
Totally appreciate this explanation❤️
So proud of you , MikhaiL. You did it. Saying the TRUTH will set y0u free.Respect to mY greatest influencer. Praised God. 🙏🙋🤵⛑️👊👍
We are all human we all make mistakes.
You say mistake, I say conscious decision to be a hypocrite. Not angrily unsubbing but wildly disappointed.
Talk about the point people make that covid is just the flu season with media coverage.
Hey Dr. Mike, mad respect for holding yourself accountable. We're all human and will make mistakes from time to time. Love you man, stay safe. We will all get through this together. ✌️
Wow, is that where we are now? Someone who consistently tries their best to have a message that is smart, thought through, informed, careful, factual, etc must be perfect and absolutely saintly in every aspect of their life or they compromise themselves and the integrity of what they talk about? Give me nuance or kill me now please.
I think what upset me is that people are dying because we aren’t celebrities, or rich, or a doctors wife. We aren’t “important” people and therefore not as much effort goes into saving our lives. If you have money or you’re someone important and you have covid, you get better treatment. There is no arguing that.  My husband had covid back in April and the nurses would take hours to go into his room or not go at all if he needed something and ignore/forget about him. If he was someone important like a doctor, politician, celebrity, he would have gotten better treatment.  We are nobodies but if Dr. Mike would get covid, you know he would get the best treatment. That’s another reason why his risk of dying from covid is low too.  Dr. Mike, We all make mistakes and I’m not upset at you. I’m at upset that our lives are not as important as yours when it comes to covid.
Making mistakes are part of live. We are only human after all
Social media have increased the illusion that famous people HAVE to be perfect and flawless. It’s understandable that as a role model for people they should set an example, however it has become a witch hunt in many cases, with people judging everything celebrities say, do or post.  It’s ironic how the public complains about how “fake” some people are, when we no longer have the tolerance as a society to understand that nobody’s perfect. No one, not a single person ever. So we should stop putting so much pressure on people who we actually don’t know. It’s great to admire someone but it’s sickening to believe in them as if they were deities.  Dear Dr. Mike, thank you for being real, thank you for your apologies, thank you for your kindness and humbleness, thank you for acknowledging your mistakes and sharing it with us, thank you for being yourself. Thank you because this kind of situations make you someone I can personally feel identified with, you really are a role model and it is your flaws that make your work even more attractive to follow.   Btw, I don’t forgive you because I have nothing to forgive. It’s been a terrible year for everybody and we all desperately need to have a moment with our friends and enjoy ourselves, specially doctors, whom have had it worse. I wish everybody that goes out with their loved ones were as careful and responsible as you were.  Thank you for your work and for being a hero as well as the rest of the people working at health institutions.  Hope you had a great birthday and please... stay happy and healthy ❤️
That’s okay we’ve all made mistakes but we learn from them nobody who’s ever watched ur channel never did anything wrong that’s a lie u just made ur first step to change we all need this thank you
He did the right thing to apologize and the apology is good. But he still made a mistake and needs to be held accountable for it. I won’t forgive him overnight, but I also won’t dismiss him completely since he hopefully is genuine
You didn’t mess up. Live your life.
can you pls post this on your main channel too ? 🥺🥺
Look at his eyes you can see the sadness in his eyes Mike make sure to take care of yourself you don't have to be perfect
Local frat boy goes partying on private boat after warming his 6 million strong audience to avoid social gatherings in a deadly global pandemic. He returns to his job as a doctor shortly after, putting patients and his family at risk. Frat boy gets exposed and posts an apology to his backup account with less than 60k followers. He is forgiven.   Everyday I pray if reincarnation is real that I’m reborn at least a decent looking, well off white guy so I can live with no consequences. It must be so nice having the privilege to do whatever you want.
There are people doing worse in this pandemic, including those who are supposed to be leading this country. We are only human, including you, Dr. Mike. It is ok.
"other front liners violating safety protocols" : terminated, fired, back-lashed  dr. mike: "i messed up" : wow amazing, acceptable, sincere , real  pffft lol
You have nothing to sorry about. Relax, you help more with the knowledge you been sharing all this time. Some people just waste time pointing others people mistakes.   Send you a big hug 🤗
We’re only human... it’s been a long hard year.
Okay but kinda upset with the “friend(s)” who got you a boat with that many people on it in a place where covid is not taken seriously, when they probably knew you had the potential of disappointing this big of a following...
What I was actually MOST suprised by was your permitting people to take photos of you.  It makes sense if you were following guidelines and people were tested etc fine. But only YOU know that. Unless you were taking selfies of you with the WHO website, no one else will know you were playing by the rules.  As a doctor, with a brain, and PR knowledge, I'm shocked you didnt think photos would he used to boost the anti mask message and undermine you. I think that's the worst part of this. So many human beings are gathering (obviously since this continues) and YOU ARE in fact human with flaws. But the photo evidence.   Real cringe man.
Respect❤️❤️
You’re a human being first!Dont be so hard on yourself :)
Heh I’ve been wearing masks since January... as an immune compromised individual. Thank you for your honest and humility.
That's why we all have that much faith in you keep it up and take care of yourself we know humans messed up sometimes and that's absolutely fine and as always stay healthy and happy 💝☺️
We love you, you're an incredible human and this is how humans learn. You've done the right thing in addressing and recognizing that it was wrong and all you can do is grow from that. Much love and care ❤️
It's ok Mike, we all mess up sometimes and as long as we learn from our mistakes we shouldn't beat ourselves  up about it <3
Why was this not a main channel video? I think the message would  benefit the 6.49 M of your main channel  vs the 55.8k of this channel. I think this has been spread far enough that even your casual subscribers may need to hear what you have to say
People getting triggered in the comments like they did everything right this pandemic. We all messed up at some point and y'all are just salty that he's rich and got a boat.
Much respect for him🙏🏻
Sorry but I do not understand what you dr Mike wrong 🙄  what did you do that was risky?
This is why love you Dr.Mike !
I’ve watched your videos about covid to stay informed. There is so much misinformation. There are people I trust who believe this pandemic is not what doctors say it is. I have personally not broken any guidelines since the beginning of the pandemic. I have not seen my friends since December 2019. What am I doing this for? The people on that boat with you could have spread the virus. I appreciate this apology, but I’m very confused now. I don’t know what to believe anymore. My trust with you has been compromised.
I dont understand what was the mess up. The trip itself? Or something that happened in the trip?
You shouldn’t have to apologize. You dod nothing wrong. You followed the rules set by authorities and followed protocols. The fact that media doesn’t check all the facts and instead chooses to castigate is itself offensive. Had you not followed guidelines / then you would have been a hypocrite. But that’s not the case. You may feel you “messed up” - but the message about masks  should not be diluted by following guidelines. The message is that you followed the science. Keep teaching us.
Could you make a video for the covid19 vaccines? Im NOT an anti vaxxer! But i hear that the technology is different, that there's not a big enough testing period and that it will be mandatory. Has me worried.
Great video. Way to take ownership of your actions. Everyone makes mistakes. It is how we react to them and how the mistakes change who we are and what we do. I felt the sincerity in this apology.
Apologizing is the right move but the damage is done. The "I am human" defense doesn't cut it, you are a famous doctor during a disputed yet dangerous pandemic, you can't make such a mistake. You have twice the responsibility of a normal citizen. Come on man, just don't have a party during a pandemic. It's so simple. I can't imagine what you were thinking. It seems so obviously unacceptable to me. I really don't understand what you were thinking.
You made a judgement call based on the info you had. Hindsight can be brutal, but a human error doesn’t make you a bad person or a bad doctor. Also, many of us are in great need of cutting loose right now, how do we do that safely? Is there a way?
Why isn’t this on your main channel?!
Hi Mike, very nice of you to put this out, but imo the whole controversy is bs. you don't have to stop living just because you are a medical professional or just because you're leading a charge on the fight against covid & keeping people sane. I doubt there's many people who can just isolate for a whole year like a robot. Celebrations are important, so is mental health.  I hope everything goes well for you :)
What happened? It sounds like he what he was doing was okay, he was following the rules. What did he post a picture with no mask and people are now saying he’s a doctor not wear a mask so COVID is not that serious or something?
What did you do then?
I get it.  We are just getting tired of being on “high alert” all the time.
I think apologizing is the wrong answer personally. Explaining yourself is one thing but i do not personally feel you messed up. If you followed the guidelines should not be an issue chill bro
What has he done?
Dr. Mike, we're not perfect, we are human. This situation is making everything harder for everyone and it's really difficult to face it, in all the perspectives. When I'm at hospitals doing my practice, I see lot's of doctors who do not have 1/10 of the humanity you put in your job, so keep this way and remember that making mistakes is physiological 💪😊 Kisses from Italy 💕
*yawn*
Dr. Mike! Everyone is doing the same thing you did. People cannot be locked up and isolated for this long. Private gatherings are happening everywhere and not just protesters burning down cities. Good luck because risk is everything life is about. Ask out our president if this virus should rule your life or not.
don't attack the science.
This was pretty disgusting behavior. It’s more than a mistake. Getting *on a plane* from one COVID hotspot to another, all planned in advance. You knew EXACTLY what was up.
Man, Its hard to believe. As someone who was taking all the info you get out there on Covid as a guide to go through all this pandemic I have to say that this definitely does not inspire trust. I must admit that this made me question the legitimacy of your info for a sec, then I realized that you're just a communicator, so I still believe you can deliver info to help people in these hard and stressful times. I hope we all can learn something from this.
I appreciate you for admitting you made a mistake and for recognizing you were wrong.
Mi amooooor💖💖💖 Omg he's so hard on himself, and it's so admirable, I love that you're really transparent with your audience 💖 you're a human after all, no matter your profession, love uuuu, please take care:( and don't blame yourself, we all were used to other lifestyle before this
Thank you for your message, we all mess up and I appreciate you being open and honest about your mistake. I trust you. Stay happy & healthy :)
i appreciate you saying sorry and owning up, however that fact that you work in a hospital with families does make this incredibly disappointing. as a doctor and with all the training and information you have given, you knew this was not following social distancing or mask wearing rules. as someone who has vulnerable parent who go to hospital, the fact that medical professionals could be acting without caution outside is incredibly worrying to me. The past can’t be changed now but it doesn’t make it any less disappointing.
No matter who you are you have every right to make a mistake, we're all human. You learnt from it and accepted it. You are still amazing and a lovely person. Dont let it define you :)
Hey man, Don't beat yourself up so much.   For what you said in this video, you were truly cautious and aware in your decision making, and in my opinion the repercussions of those decisions were unpropotional and mostly unfair.  I completely understand why you feel not only responsable, but guilty at certain degree.  I don't think generally that content creators should be held to this responsibility, as it the fact that the have a certain influence or traction means that they should use it in an specific way or always act as so. We all are individuals, and there for responsable for our own actions and nothing more.  Of course that you also have to add the medical professional image that you have shown thru your channel to this, and that does entail certain responsibility.  But I know that someone as kind-hearted and honest as you wouldn't led this pass, and I do appreciate your compromise and concern. Just try to go easy on yourself and know that the good you put out there is far greater than any bad coming from this mishap.  Thanks for everything
Much respect we are not perfect but we are all perfectly human. 💕💜
Thats how a excuse is done. Well done and we accept it. With great influence, comes great responsibility!
Okay, we all can agree that Dr. Mike is in some hot water right now. But he's human too. He makes mistakes. We all do. I think we all should forgive and forget that he made an error. He accepted his mistakes and he's apologized. He shouldn't have to say that he promises to not make anymkre mistake but in reality, making a mistake is inevitable. Dr. Mike has done so much for us and has educated us a lot so we all shouldn't be attacking him over this 🙃 Again, this is just my opinion 🤷🏽‍♂️
You can apologize, but I am not going to forget this. I haven't seen my father since February. Here you are, a big hot shot "influencer" doctor... partying on a boat during this virus. I mean, it's beyond stupid...  you're in the public eye, but the big one... YOU ARE A DOCTOR. And if you did THIS, what else have you done without us knowing? As far as I am concerned, you have lost all credibility.  You talk about how your risks are very low--- well, we know this disease can kill even the healthiest of people.  But you put others in danger. And this apology--- You just got caught and you are trying to save face so your fame doesn't go away.  And you testing negative since doesn't negate how stupid you are and how you went against health advice. It's just mindblowing.   "I made a mistake" That's the understatement of the year.   I hope your patients learn about your actions and get a different doctor.  Actions speak louder that words, DOCTOR Mike.
Don’t be shy post this on your main account
Awwww poor thing ☺️ come here you 🤗
It doesn't sound like you did anything wrong, crazies will be crazies. But I appreciate how conscienscous you are.
Make sure to put this on your main channel
...you only apologized for being caught...not for doing what you did....
I really don’t understand , you should not have to be sorry it is very admirable and kind that you are. And I get where that urge comes from because we live in a society and you made the decision to be public. Therefore people will listen and use that knowledge to best and worst of their ability and unless there are children without any other system of information , those people choose to do so . You did not make them listen you did not make them follow ,we do this consciously by ourselves. Just because they listen they should not loose their ability to think for themselves and adjust information to their situation. All this hate has no use  except stoping people from kindly sharing information that’s needed and having them apologize for things every other person does as well, without apologizing once. I really wish we could be more kind and courageous  and instead of beging apologetic all the time be mindful don’t just look at one side of the medallion look at booth. Take action instead of complaining and start with yourself first. And even if you believe someone is wrong don’t try to drag them down because ,they as well as you believe their right. So just try to be even better just by yourself and you don’t have to move mountains just move a tiny one :) please I beg of the world not to be so cruel all the time
Words are pale, your action has been disappointing. And the lack of consequences only makes it more disparaging. I can no longer recommend any of your videos to my friends. It’s very sad.
You're human. You're entitled to make mistakes, especially with being in the public eye 🖤
Thank you for addresing this. It takes courage to admit your mistake. Sending you all the love
Don’t be so hard on your self we’re all human
And oh, one more: You came all the way from NY, a COVID hotspot. To another COVID hotspot. Sick
Dr Mike... God literally knows your ❤... Not many people know how to admit when they are wrong especially when their actions contradict what they believe and your humbleness and apology today is clearly acceptable. Everyone should take your example and apologize to each other for their sins because that's what sin is... missing the mark but in your case, apologizing has brought you back on target. We love your videos and enjoy watching them so keep on doing what you love because you are making an impact. Please do not become a politician tho or perhaps you should because you at least you admit the truth when you are incorrect so I think you just may make a really good politician. Truth.... God bless you Dr. MIKE
Keep your chin up Dr Mike! Your massive positive impact is what matters most.
One of my client is a doctor, and while we were chatting she said she had a small party with her friends the night before. Where I live is strictly forbidden considered the situation. She quickly added that, since they were all doctors, they were tested for covid the day before (routine tests) and were all negative, that's why they had a party. But imagine if she were an influencer and that got public...
You are amazing but you are not God. We all are imperfect and God forgives us. We love you!
In my opinion you didn't mess up! You just like the rest of the young healthy individuals should continue living our lives! Why on earth should you stop living. In 1918 with the Spanish flu everyone kept living.  Sports kept being played.  Fans still went to games and schools stayed open..
Positivity on its peak..u really are a role model doc...your transpirancy makes u different from others....❤️🌟love from Bangladesh ❤️
Only reason he’s saying sorry is because he got caught. Stop the bs. “ when I work I wear a mask, when I walk I wear a mask, when I go to the gym I wear a mask.” Lol except when I’m out in Florida parting with friends 😂okay bro. Covid is so affective and dangerous why even take a risk DR ?  Hmmmmmm okayyy
Mike we all make mistakes so don't feel bad
So my comment about his friends got scraped Main point of the deleted comment was: The fact that you cannot educate your friends who still decided to throw you a birthday party is really telling on how, in the private unit, you cannot even make your friends aware of the danger of Covid. Educate them first.
❤️
No excuses CANCELLED BYE
Peer pressure for sure. I feel it 😔
Why’s this on your smaller channel? I call BS, this man isn’t sorry.
you were surprised by girls in bikinis and you tolerated that pffft. professional. question doc, does covid-19 goes away when you're in a sea?
@Doctor Mike: Life is not worth living if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes... Thank you for not making any excuses and for the sincere apology... Please post this on your main YouTube channel for your mass followers to also acknowledge your sincerity.
I think you should've put this on your main channel but loved your openness and clarity!
Am I the only one who was more surprised that he’s only 31?!!
Doubling down and continuing to pimp out this bullshit to pander to the powers that be.
“It’s a big club, and you ain’t in it” -George Carlin
Post this on your main channel. More people should know how you own up to your mistake. Many people are looking up to you especially during this pandemic where they get some medical info from you.
I think you messed up again by not posting this into your main channel. It is good that you've apologized, but it is questionable when it's uploaded into a channel with way less reach.
You should put this message on your main channel. :)
🙂 always support you dr Mike ✊
You are a political prop
I would have done it too...you didn't mess up
This was the most sincere, heartfelt apology that we could’ve gotten from you. You answered every question that we might’ve had about the situation and you took responsibility. I think you’re a standup guy, Dr. Mike. ❤️
The more times I watch this, the more infuriating it is. No real ownership. Just a poor attempt at damage control. Ego got you dude. You think you’re special now. This isn’t about how it looks. You genuinely messed up, whether you were caught or not. If you had apologized and said “hey I’ve been stressed and I just messed up” I would’ve had an ounce of respect. But you’re still excusing your actions, you just don’t like how they looked to others. And you’ve been deleting comments on your main channel. You had a chance here to come out and own this. And you didn’t. I know you’re young, but you’re old enough to know better.
You’ll never read this comment so I don’t even know why I am leaving it, but my family and I are really having a hard time with the pandemic. Your videos made me feel less alone especially living in an area where more people than normal don’t take this seriously. Seeing the pictures of you made me feel more alone again. Like I am being duped by people like you with power and means.   Appreciate the apology video. At least you owned up to it since most people in your position wouldn’t. Like you said we are all human. It just sucks that if I try and bring your words up to my anti-mask friends in the future they will laugh at me since to them you are in on it as well. Sincerely still wish the best for you, but yeah I just feel sort of alone now.
Admitting one’s mistake and apologising  it  public is truly a gentleman’s quality. U are a real hero doctor Mike 😀
I just want you to know how proud of you I am. I read the story about your trip as I’m sure a lot of other people did. And I will admit that I had my own thoughts and opinions about it as I’m sure a lot of other people, but afterward, I never thought that you would put out a video about it specifically nor did I think you would admit it was wrong to do. I mean let’s be honest, most people that are well known people shy away from bad press rather than address it. With that said, you have proven to me to be different. I am so very proud that you have not only admitted you were wrong but I really feel that you were heartfelt in your apology. You really are a wonderful person and even though I have never been a patient, I think you are a rock star doctor. Thank you for ALL that you do but more importantly, thank you for your humility. We are all human, no matter if everyone knows your name and face or not. Keep up the amazing work and very much needed information you provide to viewers around the world just like me. And just in care no one has told you, YOU stay happy and healthy as well 👍🏽😉❤️
Idk what to say. Still trying to wrap my head around how this could happen. Nevermind.  Mistakes happen. Please don't repeat anything like this. Good luck.
Doc. Don't worry you are human. You and many of us work hard beyond all people's beliefs. Not a single person I know hasn't broke the rules one way or another. We wouldn't be in wave 2 if they didn't.
"My friends surprised me with a private boat as a belated birthday present."  That's not taking accountability. A blatant lie and coverup. Come on Mike. Everyone knows you wanted to party on your 31st. I mean what kind of terrible friend gifts a private boat party to a DOCTOR during a PANDEMIC.  You are "sorry" because you got caught. And so you dont lose your fans. You lost my and my friends' subscription
You guys don't understand. It's totally okay to not wear a mask and be all on top of one another if your friend surprises you with a private boat full of instagram models!   Obviously, the rules only apply to the peasants who can't afford that lifestyle. Influencers and wealthy people get a pass.  I know nobody is perfect, but if you look at the photos, they tell a different story less innocent than just visiting Florida for dad's birthday.
Great, but why don't you upload this.on your main channel where it can reach as many people as possible?
Mistakes happen. I still love you kid ❤️
He’s sorry he got caught, I’m sorry but I can’t justify this.. eventhough he’s taking accountability. There’s honestly very little excuse for a practicing physician to go out anywhere without a mask. He’s not a kid he’s a grown man he knew what he was doing when he went on that yacht. Doesn’t mean we should cancel him but this is something I’ll never forget about him and I’m ashamed to say I used to enjoy his videos. Embarrassment to physicians, hypocritical and a narcissist... just sad
Not good enough. There are health practitioners across the country who haven't even seen their families for the entire year. Doctors and nurses have died. All you had to do was stay in New York where you live a lavish lifestyle as is. You clearly see yourself as an exception to the rule, to the point where you post your 'apology' on a secondary channel and delete critical comments on your social media. Doctors are supposed to put their patients first and dedicate themselves to public health, not get on a boat with 20 people on it during a pandemic and barely practice medicine. Have you been on the covid wards at all or is that not sexy enough? Completely disappointed and unsubscribing.
Hey man we are all human. Most of us have made a swing or two at the rules, don’t feel bad. I know you cary great responsibility as a doctor and you do it very well. I still look up to you. In a sea of good and hard work a small mistake dilutes. Keep up the good work.
Good move on your part.
Thankyou
You followed the guidelines and are up front about it.  I hold nothing against you 🙂
"I live alone so I don't put anyone at risk" Yo......when you travelled back and forth, do you think the people next to you are not at risk? When you go for a grocery, you don't think people you meet can be risked by you? When you go to your job as a doctor, do you really think your patient is not at risk? You called highschooler and college students to not held a party, but when its yours, all those guidelines seemingly vanish into thin air. Just words on website. The privilege and entitlement is reeking here You preached this, all months long. But babes, booze and boat really are an irresistible combo huh???
I'm gonna be honest, I was very upset when I read the news, because I won't be going home for the holidays in order to keep my family safe and I will be celebrating my birthday in a few weeks with just one friend, as we've decided early on that we're on the same bubble. Although I was (and am) a bit disappointed for the exact reasons you mentioned, I thank you for your courage, honesty and for owning up to your mistakes. It takes a lot to admit one is wrong and to do so publicly, so I admire you for that. Thank you :)
this is why i haven’t posted any of my activities that are still social distances but could encourage people to disregard the guidelines because even though i’m thinking through my decisions with guidelines and risks in mind, i don’t want to risk making it seem like i’m not and encouraging people to disregard guidelines. now you know to be more cautious, we learn.
Aww, look at all the high and mighty people in the world who haven’t made a single mistake tearing down another person.
It’s hard and people make mistakes, but I feel this should have been less about the mistake and more about how people should still wear masks.
I appreciate the apology and that you are taking accountability in a short succinct manner. That being said I'm disappointed that this video is on your clip channel and not your main channel(which i am subscribed to). This was linked to me rather than it showing up in my subscription box. Edit: i see now that it is linked on the community tab for the main channel. But i still wish it was on the main.
W
Thank you for your apology, Doctor Mike. I work on a COVID floor in a hospital and I get it. It's difficult to reconcile the truths of this virus and the longing for a break from the physical and mental toll it's causing. You say in the video that you deserve the negative comments you receive but you also deserve grace and forgiveness. Take care of yourself and know that you are loved and supported. <3
Transparent and honest? If the journalists didn't report it, you wouldn't come out with this very minimal apology, in a side account with only 50 thousands followers, a miniscule to your main account. No, you will acted as if you never went down there for a private birthday bash. You better not be on TV anymore talking about "no partying and social gathering," you are not a good spokesperson for this
At least he admits he was a hypocrite. The real test will be if he doesn’t do it again. It’s easy to say sorry when videos and pictures get released but he seems genuine
You didn’t even post this on your main channel. Come on.
It would be great if you can post this video on your main channel.
ppl are being so harsh on him omg i agree that what he did was wrong, especially since he’s been against it so much but first off his “excuses” in the beginning, that was literally an introduction and those of you attacking him, don’t act like you always wear a mask whenever you’re not home, i’m pretty sure at least half of you have your masks off if you see your friends, family from other places, etc at least he apologized, most ppl don’t even do that if he makes the same mistake again, then that’s a real issue but from what i know it was an honest mistake and he thought it was safe enough to take the risk learn how to take an apology. no one’s perfect.
You did what people who are actually staying safe have kept from doing. You’ve preached and preached on here and do that. Honestly, it’s not okay. You ruined your reputation and credibility. People are using you as an example because you are one, and that is your fault. Unbelievable. Can’t believe you thought as a public figure traveling across the country and partying was a good idea.
Probably gonna sell his scrubs soon. That's why this video is posted IN HIS SIDE ACCOUNT LOL
Dr.Mike: "whether you have this job or that job"   Me: Im not even an adult, I just wanna be a doctor
i know i should not focus on this but did you wear eyeliner? i saw silver lines on your upper eyelids and I cant stop staring at them lol
Thanks you for being honest, we are all humains, we all have made some mistakes during this pandemic. The important si realising out mistakes and seeing to them not be done again.
Bby I'm still love you! Mistakes=humans
I think that fact you are willing to admit your wrong and to talk about it like this, shows a lot of character and integrity.
Doctor Mike,  Not sure if this comment will reach you, but I did want to say anyway that this was the exact message I have been needing/wanting to hear. I recently made a hard decision to not see my at-risk mother for Thanksgiving even though I had finished my isolation 10 days after my symptoms started for COVID. It made for difficult conversations and really hurt feelings, leaving us not speaking.  You touching on the importance of “impact” and how that has just as much importance as following guidelines helped me feel more confident in my decision. It helped me see that if I had done otherwise and saw my mother, I could not really measure the impact of what could happen. Yes, it’s likely that I’m not spreading the virus any longer—I know that. But we are still learning more about the virus constantly, and if things could change, why put myself or my mother in a situation like that? People are getting really sick and dying. I’d rather spare 1 Thanksgiving to have 20 more with her.  Thank you for your honesty and transparency. It makes you, your channel, and your content that much more valid and trustworthy—and it impacts me enough to share this with you (and your following).  Thank you!
Sir you didn't let anyone one down.. the thing is... Someone else used you to showcase that you're wrong.. you have always been my inspiration to become a doctor... Even when i lost hope... So plz.... Yes... Maybe you messed up.. but you didn't let anyone down sir..... Huge respect and love from India.... ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️We missed your pee-woop in this vedio... Hope we get that in the next one..... ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
"When I go to work I wear a mask....when I exercise at a gym, i wear a mask" But of course not in the yacht. You are no better than those Tiktokers and their party spree. What's the reason you go down to Florida again? Is your father terminally ill? Travel across state borders should only be done when it's essential. People separated from loved ones for months and only connected through Zoom, but you, feeling all "healthy", acted so selfishly. You are a doctor, preaching for social distancing for months and calling people to not held party. To restraint themselves. But you still failed to educate people close to you. Better educate your closest friends on that yacht first before acting all saintly like you are oh-so-true
you arent sorry you are just sorry you got caught
😲😳 обалдеть!! Тут есть субтитры на русском!!!!! Вот это да!!!! Причем нормальные, а не автоперевод!!! Чудеса!))
those pics with 15 people all gather in one group are not the Miami guideless , these is exactly the reason that thousand will die after thanksgiving .
I feel like this should be on your main channel..
Lmao he probably pre filmed this... he knew how this was going to look. He’s not sorry. Talking about personal risk, I thought it wasn’t about that? I thought even those of us who are low risk are supposed to stay at home for those who are high risk? I’m in near perfect shape, I don’t have any grandparents to worry about, why shouldn’t I just pull a Dr Mike and just apologize after?
Got caught. No prob, we all do this. But we are not that famous that we need to apologise publicly.
Why not in your main account huh?
I saw a news article pop by in my recommendations. But I already thought it was not a completely true story. I'm just happy for you you were able to see your dad and your friends to celebrate your birthday.  I'm actually going to visit my parents this weekend to celebrate my dad's birthday.  Without masks, with hugs and kisses. But all throughout the rest of this pandemic I wear a mask to work, on my bike, in the supermarket,  in public transport,  when getting my order at the snackbar. So I really get it. And it's good to put this apology out there. But also.. Don't be to hard on yourself.  You enjoyed your birthday and don't let that take over your happy memories when you look back on your trip
I think you did enough, from nurse to doctor if you have the possibility to get away from all this horrible things you should have the right to do so   You did nothing wrong
I got so mad, but I’m glad he admitted his mistake. And I’m so glad you tested negative. You know, I have more respect for you than I did before, even prior to this issue. I didn’t know you couldn’t wear a mask on a boat.
I'm sorry you have to go through this backlash  We all have to learn about the impact that our actions carry- you're not alone on that (unfortunately you have to learn in the public eye while the most of us do so in private) thank you for all your hard work you put in your videos!
Why is this not on your main channel?!
u lost me at WHO part. They're biased.
People make mistakes... ❤️
Thanks ! That’s why you shouldn’t look up to others to live your life. Be your own model.  We’re all humain we make mistakes and we learn from it . Just don’t be stupid and selfish.  Love from France, Peoples! ✌🏽
Dr. Mike I hate it for you that you feel like you have to explain yourself.  Personally we are all human and I believe that you did everything correctly and shame on those for criticizing you.  I appreciate your transparency and your message is very powerful! I love your content hon and I appreciate you so much.
People make mistakes BUT you can’t preach about the importance of social distancing/wearing a mask when you made a conscious decision not to follow it yourself just bc someone surprised you with a yacht party. A lot of people already have doubts whether or not COVID is real and seeing you not wearing a mask fuels that belief. Disappointed in you but thank you for addressing the issue.
It’s not that serious and you don’t need to apologize for living your life when there’s sheep that aren’t
Like, honestly thanks for apologizing for the people who've been at home. I haven't touched a human in almost a year. I don't feel like I'm missing out, but it feels like watching a train wreck of a million small wrong choices.  Everyone just lay low. The only way out of this is through it.
0:59  Umm... It says that the maximum is 10 people and you say that you were below that limit... But in the pictures there are 15 people! It seems to me that you are not telling the truth Mike, I am 100% sure that it was you who organized that party with girls, it was not a "gift" as you say. If you were aware that what you were doing wasn't right, then it wasn't a "mistake" you did it on purpose, it hurts me to see how you lie and erase the comments, I thought you were different Mike. You were criticizing tiktokers and celebrities for not following protocol, partying and not wearing a mask... And you do the same as them! What a disappointment, I can't believe it, how fake you turned out to be.
Dr. Mike, I appreciate your apology but in some ways I don’t think you should be so hard on yourself. You didn’t book the boat yourself and it’s your kind nature to have thought about how it would make your friends feel if you just walked away as well.  You were simply in a catch 22 place.  We’ve all been there so please be kind to yourself and know that the mean comments are the responsibility of the person/s who wrote them.  I value your thoughts and opinions as a Dr and the love and support you give back by using your platform to help others, in so many ways. You are loved and respected. 💕
I came here angry and ready for a shitty "apology",  but I found and insightful and sincere apology. It's so rare to come across this honesty in this platform
Bro...    no body's mad at you for living your life. If they are that's on them.  Besides, Your still not living it to its fullest. so I'm pretty sure  your good ; )
me coming into this video not knowing wtf happened: “wtf happened?”
Mad respect 💕
I agree that we need to all do our part to reduce the spread of this disease, but I'm honestly not a fan of this trend of publicly shaming this or that person or family every time they don't follow perfect social distancing. Let's just all keep trying to do what we can, and not spend our time pointing fingers. Especially not at medical professionals who have been doing more than anyone else to help others throughout the whole course of this pandemic.
What sucks is this whole time you’ve been preaching to just do the right thing and follow the guidelines this whole time. Now that you show that you can enjoy have some fun while still being safe people are absolutely tearing you apart for it.
The science says the mask doesn't protect you. The science says Covid has a 99.98% survival rate. Stop blowing Covid up and furthering the infringements of our rights.
Man... I have to say COVID  sucks. Its causing so much judgment and people are fighting; in my small community an anti masker, beaT up a Wal-Mart  greeter for asking him to wear a mask. And they'll  be protests soon, so that on Facebook. Like this is such a short time in our lives, can't people work together. Today I feel fear of covid, fear of antimaskers, and I just want everyone to work together so this can be over. Wishing that people would follow Dr Henry's advice of being kind to one another.... sigh.... and damit, I miss hugs!
It's okay Dr. Mike, everybody makes mistakes. Not only you but all of us. It's okay to make mistakes cause mistake can lead us to lesson. Just don't mind the negative comments Dr. Mike 😊😊. We're still here for you to support you always😊😊❤️❤️
It's more than what politicians are willing to give.
That’s all????  Your fine. It’s ok. The people who got mad at you are dummy’s. It’s fine.
I guarantee that a majority of us have broken a COVID guideline at this point. And I'm sure we've all felt the consequences of those actions. I don't think that this should be any different. He went on a trip after probably the most stressful year in this life, its certainly been my most stressful year, and followed the rules. He didn't wear a mask at one point and that probably wasn't the smartest thing to do. But as long as he's taking the precautions necessary as to not spread the disease and isolate... I don't understand the outrage.  I'm sick of cancel culture, he made a mistake and owned it. As far as I'm concerned he did everything right, even after he messed up.
It would be impossible to ask people to not make mistakes. So, we're not expecting perfection. But, you were honest, and owned up to your mistake, which takes guts. You have leadership quality, because you're humble. It's blown out of proportion. Maybe a slow newsday.
I love this so much 💚
Very let down and disappointed in you Dr Mike... as someone with even  family who thinks this is fake that I have been trying to convince it’s not, you just sent the message that this “isn’t as bad as the media or scientists are saying” I’ve referenced ppl to your videos to get the point about covid across and now have you not only lost your own credibility, I’ve lost mine and your videos that I referenced to ppl to be informative about covid are being thrown back in my face as a point that this pandemic “isn’t worse than the flu” as someone who was pregnant and had a baby during this, a baby majority of my family hadn’t even been able to meet or hold, as someone who is doing everything right.... this is such a let down. Why would your friends, knowing what you do and what your job is and knowing we’re in a pandemic think renting a boat and going to Miami would be a good, essential trip? You wanna know how my 2 yr old spent her second birthday?  confused, wearing a mask outside 6 feet from her Mimi .... I know you’re apologizing but I’m sorry I’m still so so disappointed 😞
Aye Mike don’t worries, we got u covered. We all make mistakes. Thank you for your time teaching us how to be a better person every day.
Wait he apologised cus he went on a boat?
God bless brother
it’s okay! no one is perfect. myself as well as others have not made 100% perfect choices during the pandemic. All we can do is acknowledge where we went wrong and do better next time ❤️
Totally unrelated, where did he get that artwork?
I'm confused, he's is apologizing case he went to visit his dad and got on a boat? I went to the mall today and there were people everywhere!!
Ugh. Thought it wasn’t possible for you to be more amazing, yet here we are. Proof you’re human like the rest of us but good enough to admit when you’re wrong.
We're grateful for you. Nobody is perfect. I think you are under a microscope, because people are home and glued to their phones.
u choose to have a fun than saving people life.. all u saying just  not make any sense.. just sad... a lot people need a help man :(
Nah, he’s only apologizing because he got caught 🙄, there were over 13 people on that boat without masks!
You didn't need to apologize. We are humans who can gage risk and reward from situations, and that is exactly what you did. The only reason you had to apologize is because people look up to you. I find it ridiculous that you tested yourself 3 times after also.  The problem with COVID-19 is how it is changing how doctors are approaching medicine. What happened to patient autonomy? Why are people getting crucified like yourself for using common sense in a safe scenario. And why on earth would you get tested 3 times after. This doesnt fit normal literature of how doctors practice medicine.   We know asymptomatic spread is much lower risk of spread. So why dont you get tested maybe once, and then follow up for symptoms of yourself? What ever happen to the "risk/reward" of testing? Was that a hospital guideline for you to get back in the office faster? Like I find it hard to believe that yourself as a doctor would willingly test yourself 3 times.
As a Floridian, I'm kinda disappointed. We have one of the most cases of covid and we do not have strict guidelines for this virus. Do you saying that it's fine because you followed the guidelines proves that you weren't thinking of your fellow doctors. You traveled to another state (which has one of the highest cases), went partying with people who were most likely not quarantining themselves, then you went back home possibly caring the virus to where you live...??
Thank you for admitting your mistake and apologize. Please don't take it so much to the heart. It's very human to make mistakes and repent. We learn from our mistakes and do better next time.
Sis youre a big hypocrite. This apology is fake af. I lost all respect for you. Unsubscribed
keep ur head up goat🥺❤️❤️
It’s okay Dr. Mike, you’re perfect❤️
Hell yeah he messed up, but because he messed up in the first place proves masks matter. People are mad because they need that "perfect" example, but get humans.
The only thing I’ll be attacking you with is forgiveness!
tbh, I won't blame anyone going out once or twice , after all the pandemic has stayed way too long, and IT IS BECAUSE those people that ignores your and many other information source reminding how dangerous and real the risk are. It's 6+ months already and you are visiting but surprised with a private party, It takes a cold steeled heart to deny all the effort your friend already made.  I hope nothing will happen, and you won't be so hard on yourself about this.
Huge respect to you Dr Mike🌷
I heard wearing masks when exercising is bad. Is that true?
As a HCA on respiratory wards if I had the luxury of swanning off on a private boat, let alone a paddle boat I would too 🤪🤫😆! I’m exhausted and broke
This apology is as effective and sincere as Gavin Newsom’s. Hey, aren’t there efforts to recall Newsom?
My husband and I and kids have done the right thing this whole time and caught it anyway. Give yourself a break. It's been a long year and your record is now 1/0 or however that goes.
It's okay Dr, you don't have to be the perfect role model 100% of the time. Doctors are humans too and deserve quality time with friends and family. Isolation can get rly frustrating
Its okay the other day i walked in a store realizing i forgot my mask and felt naked.. .honestly we seen and heard soooooooooooooooo many trump supporters says They refuses to wear a mask ...okay cool Ppl are humams...imperfect humans ... Dont worry dr mike we all make mistakes in life ...COVID is stressful and i honest cant remmber the last i shook hands with other HUMAN being???
Look Doc you've been good for almost a year now. You mess up one time in almost a year? C'mon give yourself a break. It's been a struggle. We know your message and where you stand.
This is tough. After months and months of pushing for social distancing and masks it's been ignored. It sucks to see it, and I know he's not the only one. However, myself, friends, and family have pretty well bonded together to not doing anything (lol), and the outbreak isn't awful, but still not great, where I am in Canada.  Yes an apology is an apology, but that won't bring back the people who may be linked to this event in one way or another. Even if he comes back negative who knows how it spread elsewhere. Especially as this seems to be a birthday party for him.  Keep fighting everyone, I know that it feels like a battle we can't win, but we can.
It still makes me upset that people think he’s only been spreading misinformation because of this. What he did was very disappointing, but I’m glad he’s owning up to it now. Remember that we’re all imperfect, including him. I’m sure everyone else here has been tempted or has even gone against their own values, so don’t bash science just because Dr. Mike made a poor decision.
People make mistakes. We need to accept that, learn and move on.  (Sadly, social media tends to forget that.) Thanks for your honesty and continued efforts to educate the public and fight against this virus.
Dr. Mike, you are one of the most admirable person I’ve ever known. You’re human and this year has been tough to anyone, specially for you as a medical doctor. Objectively, you’ve done a wonderful job for more than 10 months, it’s ok to make mistakes and it’s more to learn from them, and I know you keep growing as a human and a doctor. A huge hug from the distance.
good for you! thank you. apology widely accepted!
I think he should get dressed down for the decision he made. I applaud the fact that he stepped up and made a public apology and took responsibility but you wonder if it wasn’t exposed would he have still done this. We all make mistakes and we are all human but when you put yourself in the public eye and advocate certain things you need to hold yourself to the same standards. I’m still a fan Dr. Mike and I know you will do better.. we all should strive to do the same. Recognize the things we can do better and do it.
Now this is an actual apology. I appreciate you owning up to your mistakes! You didn’t sugar coat anything and you actually took responsibility for your actions. I forgive you! :)
Thank you for acknowledging this. The social dilemmas that COVID brings about feel impossible and knowing what I know about New York vs. Miami, it can be really hard to go from a COVID-conscious setting to a more relaxed setting. I, too have made mistakes during this pandemic. I've gone places that I shouldn't have, interacted with people I shouldn't have, and failed to take adequate precautions. Thank you for your sincere apology.
💜 I think we can all appreciate the value of someone admitting to themselves and others when they've messed up, so thank you for your honesty and accountability, we love you 💜
I do appreciate it and accept your apologizes. It's just still and will be I guess hard on me since i've spent my birthday alone and will spend Christmas alone in order to keep me safe and everyone around me.
Someone normal: **does a mistake** Everyone: i’ll ignore that a celebrity: **does a mistake** Everyone: *loads shotgun*
on the side channel, huh
You are human, we make mistakes. I think what you did isn't tbe biggest thing that has happened this year. Spending time with family and friends isn't against the law.
Am I the only one that just can't get over it? We are talking about a deadly pandemic here... anyway I'm just gonna walk away from your content...
Boats and hoes 🤣
Ay Dios mío!
🧢
You know what. I'm proud that your ability to acknowledge the fact that everyone makes mistakes and falls short at times. It's just the human condition. I still trust your words. Don't let it eat you up
Please post this on your main channel. This is important for people to see. And by posting on your second channel, there will be less people viewing this.
Much love and respect man
Love Dr. Mike and appreciate the apology, but theres still things left unsaid. CDC guidelines were not met, because 1) the picture was maskless 2) there was more than 10 people on that boat and 3) it was Florida, the worst hotspot in the US. He may be low-risk & safe, but I highly doubt those playboy plastic gals were rigorously tested beforehand and after. Yes, he probably would not have apologized if this never came to light, but at least he has the humility to admit his fault. Sometimes if we're meant to do good, we will never be able to sneak in the shadows, & I think he learned that important lesson the hard way. A bump in the road should not stop you from continuing your journey, & I know you will bounce back from this.
COVID absolutely sucks.
I went to a restaurant here in my city the a month ago, I was really nervous about it because I didn’t went out since March 14th and yet there I was with my mask and all in a restaurant with two friends who also happen to be my co workers, the restaurant was at 50% of capacity since that’s the guide in Mexico right now, it was a buffet but we weren’t allowed to be near the food so the waiter took us our dishes, still I felt uncomfortable most of the time, specially when I took of my mask to start eating (and even tho I had asymptomatic COVID positive on the test on august after taking care of my family who was infected while taking the grandfather to the hospital because somehow he was infected in his house) so yeah, we might be taking precautions and some of us might start giving baby steps to try to slowly return to our lives while the virus and the health protocols in each country continue, and some of us are having the immunity period that we don’t know how much many will last, but our decisions shouldn’t be the living proof that mask won’t work or that everyone should be going out all the time, there are guides and rules and while we are taking them and making us responsable of our choices should be a motive to be pointed out or be judge, because even those in the medical area have family and friends that they miss, and we don’t know the whole story behind!   We are all gonna be try to get our life back at some point and it won’t be fair for others to judge us because we are trying to gain a bit of all that COVID had take away, stop all the hate and don’t judge him for one action when all this time he had done so much informing us and giving the best advices! This is not about if he follow his advice or not, at some point is gonna be out choose to decide to start getting back to normal and as long as we take into consideration all the guidelines around the city, the face of the pandemic, the people around you and what it best for you and the people you care, is gonna be ok! Our mental health also need a break from the lockdown and when there’s a chance to do it, I bet everyone would take it!
Im not sure what you did wrong, but respect.  Don't let the turkeys get you down.
Doctor Mike, I honestly hope you mean this. It's very disappointing to see someone who people look up to, and who really knows better, act like this. I appreciate your apology but at the end, it's already done. Saying sorry doesn't change that your pics partying are going to get way more views than this apology and people will use you as an example to say it's ok to not follow safety measures. You KNOW how big of an issue that is in the US. It's not as simple as saying, "I made a mistake." This was a planned mistake.   Good luck with everything. You really lost my trust. I hope you do better in the future.
Wait what did he do wrong?
I appreciate where you're coming from.  I'm upset at this though.   I missed out on Thanksgiving with my family because there was a not insignificant risk I've been exposed.  This ONLY works if we ALL do our part.  Whereas no human is infallible, the fact that you're a medical professional casts a long shadow on your actions.   We're all missing our friends, and we're all missing our social activities.  But doing those things now only makes this go on longer.   I'm disappointed.  I'm not unsubbing or anything dramatic or mean because that gets us nowhere.  But please... Everyone with eyes to this comment... Do your part. Stay home of you can.  Be safe if you can't.  Don't joy ride on a friend's boat.   We'll see on the other side of this what we're trying so hard to preserve in our isolation. 🙏♥️
It can't be safe to wear a mask all the time. Breathe some fresh air, yeah?
Post this on your main channel my dude. It diminishes the sincerity of it when you hide it on a channel that doesn’t have your main audience.
I think a lot of people are just fed up that covid rules apply differently to influencers and famous people. Peasants like us can only lock down and let depression consume us because we can’t afford private boats or islands to meet our friends. Just like when people were fed up with actors complaining about being in lock down at their mansions. But it is what it is, maybe if we sing really hard “imagine” all our peasant problems will go away lol.
Never in my life thought I would be hearing an apology video from Dr. Mike. Good lord people are sensitive.
Dr. Mike, I’m a long term subscriber and viewer of yours and I appreciate you coming forward to take accountability for your actions, but I have to ask, why wasn’t this posted on your much larger, main channel? I guess it sort of feels like by you posting it here, it likely won’t get as much attention and therefore allow you to fly a bit more under the radar so maybe people who hadn’t heard about this situation won’t. I just personally think it would have been a better move to post on the channel that has the larger audience. Either way, good on you for not trying to make excuses and admitting that you were at fault.
The fact that this isn't on the main channel so everyone can see it leads me to believe that this is another one of those videos made by YouTubers because they got caught. It's hard to believe you made this because you are sorry for what you did. You're sorry someone found out. Apology videos get a lot of views. It's extremely disappointing, and if you really were sorry you would have shared it to your larger audience. Maybe you just want more subscribers to this channel. I doubt one person unsubscribing will make a difference, but I will be unsubscribing. Given how much of a voice you have, again, it's extremely disappointing.
Don’t be shy post this to your main channel.
We’re all human!!!
For being a doctor your really stupid. Cov19 is well below %1 death rate. Cov deaths and the population makes it around %.04.  Let alone that even if you have clear alternate cause of death if your dead body tests postivive its a covid death. Transperency for you. Key factor no ONE has completed koch's postulate or Rivers. Aka the tests are based on characterized stocks of in vitro reansribed full length Rna. Aka not testing for covid.  Plus the rt-pcr test has up to %80 false possitve.
i mean im also someone who's very vocal about mask and self distancing. but i can't help myself to go outside literally once around 3 months ago to met my friends just to make sure im still able to talk to people face to face. and im following the protocols and wearing mask and always take hand sanitizer.
Dude, you're human. Give yourself some grace. We still love you! :)
I think its safe to say everyone here that we all forgive you, mistakes are human not everyone can be 100% perfect and thats okay. You took the precautions and did your research ❤️.  And  shame on those people who are twisting your image in the media and my grandma always said karma is there for the wrong doers especially for those wrong doers. Ive been watching your stuff for the longest and will keep supporting your message on the importance of health
No tears? Oh man, hard to buy this apology.
Those paintings or whatever they are are awesome
I didn't even know this channel existed :/
What did he do ?
Your life, your choice... you have yourself to answer to, not social media...
I don’t know which is worse the video or the idiots in the comments making excuses for Dr. Mike. You knew what you were doing was wrong which is why you hid it and lied and even this acknowledgement is hidden on a 2nd channel
Lol
You didn’t do anything wrong! I wish I could visited my family and I can’t because I’m not on full health to travel to them! Other people travel for party and other stuff that is not important! But family is something that you need in this situation right now!  Don’t think bad of youreself doctor Mike !  Greetings from Germany :)
Doc everybody makes the mistakes,If a addressing the problem made the situation any better great.
Let’s not forget this isn’t even the first time he’s partied on a boat this pandemic. He didn’t learn any lessons the first time, he didn’t issue any apologies the first time, because he didn’t get caught. Don’t let him fool you now.
honestly this apology made me realize the mistakes i did too
One question .... Why is such an important situation not on your main channel. It’s almost like your apologizing; yet trying to hide your actions on this smaller channel. Own up to your screwup (a shocking one, I must say) and POST THIS IN YOUR MAIN CHANNEL.
This is how the Astros should have apologized.
Mike hey, don't punish yourself for this please. There are much worse ways to mess up in a middle of an uncertain times of a pandemic. Love you from the other side of the ocean.   Stay save and healthy, and happy. ❤️❤️❤️
I have no words to describe your great personality Dr.Mike...i have great respect for you ( please dont feel bad Dr.mike..its a human tendency to make mistakes and learn from them...and I am 100% sure that you will do the same ❤😊 )
Dr. Mike, I feel like you should post this apology on your main channel which has millions of subscribers rather than just copy and paste a link to this one. Also to post on your other social media platforms. Not only are you are medical professional, but you are also an influencer that many people look up to. Thank you for apologizing and doing better, but I think this needs to be spread through all your platforms.
I have so much respect for a person who can admit their mistakes. Thanks, Dr. Mike.
Yah, congrats. Now imagine everyone having their moment similar to yours, only they lose their business, or job. They have that one moment where they just want "normal" again & they lose everything.   It's been hard for everyone & the bottomline is that forgiveness is something we should all take away from this pandemic. Its the only way to move forward.
okay mike we get it u got confused it's okay omg ur human
why didnt you post this on your main channel?
You had fun for your belated birthday and I’m sorry that just because you’re in the public eye you can’t make mistakes or do what many Americans did and still celebrated Thanksgiving in larger quantities. I have a lot of respect for this video though
Much respect that you admitted your mistake in front of more than a thousand people. Keep being transparent and dont feel bad humans mess up and you are a human too.
Man, the amount of chicks accepting whatever comes out of Mike's face hole...lol...probably thought they would get inside Mike's pants for that
Mike, you have been setting a great example and this message is another example of that. Accountability is a great thing, and I think your supporters see your drive to improve from here out.
I honestly don't know how to feel about this.  edit: It feels so disappointing. A professional voice of reason and yet he goes to a party like every other influencer here on YouTube 😖 I'm glad he's taking responsibility for this but I wanna know why he didn't post this on his main channel, and yes, I know he posted a link to this there but wouldn't be easier to just upload it? Also, I hope he can address the rumors of him deleting comments about the incident from his other videos.
You done f*ck up mike. Now go get tested for COVID-19.
Thank you for saying this! The explanation felt 100% honest and I appreciate that. I believe you. That you have learned from your mistakes. Everyone makes them. I'm glad you're discussing the impact your actions have on others ... on people like me who haven't left the house since the beginning of the pandemic due to chronic health issues. And I rely on others in the household to do their part and keep themselves safe, to keep me safe. I know moving forward this is a huge learning lesson for you (and so many others) and that you will inevitably put it to good use as you educate people during this pandemic. ❤️❤️❤️
This right here is what makes you a good person. Not being perfect but being one who owns their mistakes and strives for better. It is something we should all strive to do. It is a part of growth. Thank you.
I felt betrayed when I saw the images online. You just gave anti-Covid their greatest weapon. I’m high risk and I’ve been trying to stay in quarantine and I’m tired of it because just today I went to Walmart and I can honestly say 90% of the people were not wearing a mask. I couldn’t help but wonder if you had anything to do with this.  I wish you luck and health but I don’t think I can keep supporting you until I see change, I don’t trust words.
For everyone bashing him for not posting on his main channel,  but linking it. I was not subbed to this channel, and I found this video because it was shared by the main channel and it popped up on my feed. Chill out. Love you Dr! So proud of you. Please stay positive and take care of yourself
Wait, so the person who advocated for us to do the right thing. By standing home and wearing a mask, etc. Who also had Dr. Fauci on his channel to talk about the importance of strung safe.. Went to Miami to visit his dad during a time when the pandemic is at it’a peak 🧐..... I’m from Tampa, Fl where all my family and friends live and didn’t travel, because Florida isn’t safe... it’s a petri dish for infections, but he went on vacation there....🙄🤷‍♀️.
I love how you were not afraid of apologizing and recognizing your mistakes in front of such a bid audience. I am sorry for ever second-guessing you doc. We need you.
Bro who cares I don't have a great day with your family and know that it's worth it
Bruh ur the most respectful person ever, you addmit when your wrong!!!! You must be proud of yourself
You have 54k subscribers on here vs 6.5M on your main channel, the fact that you posted this on here speaks volumes.
I do think you could've addressed this on your main channel aside from just a community post. However it really does annoy me how a lot of people are here just to see you fail. Nobody practices everything they preach 100% of the time. Not one single person. Everybody fails.  It's totally fair to be disappointed. But it's really unfair to point and say "See? He's a liar and a hypocrite!"  I know you work hard. I also know that this is going to be especially hard on you when you face your patients and their disappointment. This is already going to tear you up a lot on top of the people spitting in your face over it.  You've done a lot of good. I hope people realize that rather than only measuring you by your failures.
Im super lost on what happened 😕
Can you address this on your main channel? I didn't know you had this other channel until it got brought up as a result of this.  I'm mainly disappointed that you didn't see this backfiring...photos get out, its just what happens.
You should at least reference this video in your next video (on your main channel). Really appreciate the apology, but more transparency on your main channel would be good
Not one of us are perfect. We all appreciate that you are willing to own your mistakes. Thank you for being a good person. Now don’t beat yourself up over this.
U make us proud after accepting what u think u did wrong. U didn't let us down ♥️♥️♥️
Wow makes me respect u even more
I’m not happy with what you did, but we all make mistakes. You owned up to it. And, for that you have my GREATEST RESPECT!!! ❤️
The problem I have is that we see this again and again from ppl who scream and preach that u need to stay inside and wear masks and etc. again and again they get caught doing the exact opposite of what they preach. It wouldn’t have been a problem otherwise
Respect
Thank you for staying real.
He did something wrong and he admitted to it, now thats a real man and its facts
Don’t worry Doc you’re all good😌 we love you 💖
Thank you for addressing this, To be honest when I saw those photos  ,I unfollowed you from all my platforms. I was FURIOUS. I lost my Grandpa in June to Covid and maybe that makes me more sensitive when I see some people being very lax or not taking in seriously. I also would like to spend time with my friends and family but I don’t I love them to much. You messed up BIG and I pray you or anyone on that boat did not infect anyone else’s loved ones. The only thing that does not still sit well with me is that if those photos never surfaced would you have come to the same realization? My Grandpa always would tell me perception is reality and you being a public figure and an example to ones. Also a voice for the healthcare community ... you have to really start thinking about you choices and being confident in saying No. You could have easily said thanks  Bro I’ll take a rain check Let’s do it when it will be safer. Eyes are really on you and people’s expectations of you are going to be higher.  I am happy you acknowledge it and apologized.
I think this should have been on your main channel
Always loved your content! We all make mistakes man, be kind to yourself and keep fighting the good fight!
Thank you for this.  I’ve been upset, but held back commenting because we needed to hear your side of the story.     And thank you for this sincere apology.   Thank you for not blaming others or giving an “I’m sorry if this upset you”’apology.   You actually owned up to your mistakes.  I would say that I agree you should upload this to your main channel.  I never visit the community page and I only knew you posted this because someone else I follow on Instagram tagged you in a post.  Thanks again.  We are all human.   I still trust you and other medical professionals like you who are doing all that they can to help people like me understand medical information.
Thanks for your humility and humanity. “ I think of a hero as someone who understands the degree of responsibility that comes with his freedom." - Bob DylaN
The reality is we will all make mistakes in this pandemic but, we mask up and try harder.  We can’t be unkind to each other.
Do a tv review of "Private practice"!
I was disappointed but I knew there had to be information we weren’t getting. Thanks for filling in those blanks and for taking responsibility. I’m more worried you were in Florida where there are zero mask mandates. If no one is wearing them, you put yourself in the greatest danger in this country.
Amen. 🙏
i love you and im sorry but there is no way people could stay mad at you, you came out and addressed it and you are a HUMAN BEING. much love and i hope you STAY safe
I still don't understand why won't you post this amazing and required message on your main channel?
At first I was like ugh another apology video, but this actually felt genuine. Everyone makes mistakes and not everyone owns up to them, so thank you.
You don’t have to apologize for being human. No one should judge you. If you followed the recommendations and everyone on the boat was healthy and more important being precautious as you were then is safe. Is not like you are going blindfolded and careless. Also, we cannot make every one happy. Be safe!! You are doing a great job!!
You’re allowed to live your life. Don’t apologize for that.
Thank you for the authenticity Dr. Mike, thank you for speaking up and being an example of integrity
Agreed it’s tough got to finally spend time with my family since this whole thing started and I still felt super guilty. Definitely let down my guard more than usual and my anxiety is now freaking out even though we were very careful even worse mask while cooking and while indoors with each other.    It was truly so healthy to be able to just enjoy our time for a bit almost like normal.
Aussie here - So basically he followed all the guidelines your government set....but still got in trouble from people who most probably don't want to follow the government guidelines? I think it's noble for him to apologise if he feels its necessary but at the same time this really is reflection on your government and what they are advising US citizens. Also covid deniers will always be covid deniers regardless. They will use anything and everything regardless of who it is.
I'm sorry that I got caught.
Thank you ❤🙏
what would Fauci say :/
i saw this vid from his main channel u guys are annoying
Why isn’t this posted to your main channel?
Sounds like Gavin Newson fake apology to me. Only apologize when you get caught!
This is why we respect you Sir. We appreciate you coming out and telling us that you made a mistake. As humans our ego holds us back and we think what we did is right, and try to justify it. But you admitted your mistake. Thank you for being you.
We still love you 🗣❤️ you had a moment of weakness like all of us humans and its fine. Doctors are human too and we crave communication from others. Dont be too down on yourself and keep teaching
Stopping the spread is so important and you stand for that, but you have to live your life . Your life can’t be on hold because of this pandemic, you did all you could . You were super careful but I get where your coming from. You are human, we are all . Don’t be too hard on yourself, your past is history now. You only have today , and today we can do better
Is it me or he's not wearing an inner wear...🤨🤨🤨
Ive been waiting for this video and Im so happy to see that ur still the same Dr Mike we know. All humans mess up! Dun throw hate arnd 💕
Don't apologize if you followed guidelines. Address that the incident happened and that you did nothing wrong, and then move on. The fans don't care what you did, and the trolls don't care that you apologize.
Thank you Dr Mike for being honest and transparent. Being a nurse on the front lines, I feel as if people look at everything we do and say and then try to use it against the fight against Covid. We are only human too and seeing the worst of this pandemic. Sometimes we just need to accept some risk for ourselves to help with the other negatives of Covid distancing. Thanks for being a great communicator for healthcare workers! Love you 💕 glad you got a small break. Sorry it had to cause so much commotion.
Dude, you had fun chill out.
Wow. That’s disappointing. Glad you apologized and addressed it though. Firstly your friends should not have put you in that position and secondly you fell into that classic trap of “I’m a doctor and I know what I’m doing”. I saw the photos and TBH if you were in another country you guys would have been massively fined or worse.
Lol Half-assed apology.
I have to be honest I am disappointed, I respect you and this message as someone who is following your advice and my Healthcare workers advice to isolate and wear a mask. I am someone with health issues who is seeing my surgeon and ID clinic weekly. I am thankful that you owning up to this. You are a caring person, but I just had to tell my parents and mother in law no to coming here to see me for their sake and the health of myself and the Healthcare workers helping me battle things. To see things like this hurts when when I'm in this position sucks
Thank you, Mike. 🙂❤️ My quote, “We all make mistakes. It’s the self-reflection and actions we take after such mistakes that show our true character.” Learning and growing after messing up is what mistakes are all about. Thank you from the bottom of my heart... For manning up and owning up to fucking up. Thank you for your heartfelt and TRUE apology. All without any bullshit or excuses. Just your genuine self and your honest thoughts. We need more of that I’m this world. Please don’t beat yourself up. It’s okay, lovelies. We live and learn, right? That’s what’s this whole “life” thing is about. Sending my love from DC.    Tl:dr Other influencers and celebrities who have taken vacations and such since July, continue to do so without thinking of the welfare of others around them; and even when they figure out what they’ve being doing is wrong, they haven’t spent any time trying to right their wrongs to those around them and the ppl that support them. They’re just selfish fucks who continue to show THEIR true character and their true self to the world. (A specific actor aka “Avenger” comes to mind when I think of this and it is so very disappointing.)
To be honest, it's not totally your fault that you did what did We are social beings and we crave real world social interactions. Yes it was a bad move but don't be too hard on yourself
I don’t completely understand him pointing out the Miami boating guidelines. I think there were 15 people in his picture, but the document he showed and highlighted said maximum 8 adults. Can anyone explain?
I’m honestly shocked that this is being boiled down to him making a “mistake” or making “poor decisions”. After NUMEROUS videos and undoubtedly hours of research spent on how to stay safe, he should have absolutely no problem making the right decisions himself. So disappointing.
Sounds like commie talking points lol
If what he said about following guidlines is true then the only mistske he made was apologizing when he shouldn't have to a crowd that doesn't care and will gladly crucify him socially to make themsevles feel like they're righteous.
Umm this should be in your main channel. I'm a subscriber and regular viewer and just caught this apology...
I am beyond disappointed. I expected this kind of behavior from the kids of tiktok, but not from you. Yes, we all make mistakes, but you are in a totally different position of power and influence over the public. Right when we need people to social distance more than ever, you decide to have a boat party in Florida. Your actions contradict your words. I’m not a famous doctor, but I was alone for Thanksgiving because I didn’t want to risk any lives. Dang, man. I knew you were too good to be true. 😔
Omg ... BS
Only sorry because you’re busted lol save it 🤣
Maybe the only other authentic apology on YouTube besides Jenna Marbles.
Maybe you should put this on your main channel then.
I have a great deal of respect for a person who comes out and admits they messed up. Thank you, Dr. Mike for being a man of integrity and good character.
Dr mike we love you and support you, don’t be sad, hugs from Colombia.
My biggest question is why did you post it to your channel with a much smaller following than your 6+ million channel? I was only aware of this video because I binged watched your videos up until the pictures surfaced. I feel you are trying to avoid addressing it there to avoid a loss of followers or patients. That doesn't sit well.... While I believe it is sincere for the most part it is a bit fishy.
Its okay! After all you’re human as well, and just like us you crave communication with others, the important part is you realizing that you made a mistake & thats what counts! Just stay safe!
This guy is so full of it..
NO! Apology NOT accepted! Take me out to dinner so we can discuss further 🤣 But for real. I tip my hat to you 😊
We should all respect him for what he's doing here. After all he's still just a human, we all do mistakes and we should all be able to forgive.. Especially at times like this where everyone's struggling with this situation.. 💙
Im glad you addressed this issue.Thank you  restored the trust i had in you as a subscriber to your channel.
Hi dr. Mike. I just wanna say that we all wish we had some normal activities back and that if many of us would've been in ur situation we would've wanted to do the same, so no judgment here, I'm  an imperfect human, just like you. I love watching your videos. My favorite is ur Doc Mcstuffins one. Virtual hugs to u and Bear. 👨‍⚕️🐻
Have you sent out the scrubs???
We all make mistake,  humans are not perfect
I wanna know what type of glasses Dr. Mike wears?
You see sick patients every day, and you thought it was ok to be around others without a mask? That is hypocritical and selfish. I hope you are ashamed of your choices. As you've said before, It's not about you, it's about the people around you. Checking the guidelines does not make this okay.  I hope you read your comments because your fans are here listening and asking for better.
Mike don't be so hard on yourself, its great that you are admitting it. This made me tear up because I know how you feel, I'm glad you said that staying home was the right thing, I have family that keep asking me to come over and do this and do that, they get mad and disappointed, but I just wanted them to be safe. I wish they apologize to me instead of begging me, because it kills me everytime they do. I kept having nightmares of my family's funeral. It scares and depresses me so much that they don't understand. Mike, you have a big heart, thank you! ❤
It's okay Doc everyone makes mistakes and no one is perfect!
As someone who didn't even have my brother over for Thanksgiving and am missing his birthday today, I am hurt by your actions. I did have my parents over for Thanksgiving dinner. They live 5 minutes away, and my family quarantined as well as we could before our afternoon together. My daughter cried as she hugged her Grandpa goodbye because she knows we may not be able to have close contact with her grandparents again until we are vaccinated. You know full well that the eyes of the world are on you. People all over the world follow your example. I am disappointed. You taking COVID-19 seriously helped me feel more normal as I take precautions in a community that largely ignores them. I am not saying I can't forgive you in time; this is a rough year and we all need grace. Still, on a day like today when I am not with my own brother on his 30th birthday, I am just sad.
This wasn't a "mistake", this was something you planned in advance knowing how bad the optics were. Then when people started calling you out you deleted their comments, and even blocked the accounts trying to call you out because you thought you could escape accountability by letting it blow over. Now you're only posting this because it's gotten enough attention that you can't ignore it, and your video is a typical "YouTube Apology". Post this on your main channel minus the guilt tripping you coward. You can use the "I'm only human and I make mistakes" excuse all you want, but you know who isn't using that excuse? All the doctors in the country who DIDN'T go on vacation to a covid hotspot after preaching about how you should do the opposite.
How did you mess up? You followed cdc guidelines...
Real man right here
Everyone make mistake but not many will openly admit and apologize for their mistake. And we are not god to judge so let just learn from it and make a better good out of it. Love you Dr.mike and I will always support you. 💖
I know you made an error but all things considered you have done more than most of us for people and continue to do so. I would like a video about dealing with cats during this pandemic. There are millions of people with millions of cats and it could be helpful.
It is not the continuence of being right that elevates a character, but the admission of being wrong! And here is one person truly aware of the influential power given by social media and the educational mission given by his profession. As he clearly tries just to do and say the right thing, we shouldn‘t forget that he‘s not an idol but a human in the first place and allowed to do mistakes and to grow from - as we all should try to act alike.
You’re just sorry you got CAUGHT. You are a hypocrite
As a long time viewer and a colleague i have some concearns.   Firstly your apology came only after the backlash from the media was all over the place. I think you couldve adressed it sooner.  Secondly youre uploading this on a secondary channel. Many of your fans wont see this. It feels disingenuous to do this on a unknown channel, while you are not promoting the same video on your other socials.  Mike, i absolutely love you. But seeing you maskless on that boat, champagne, models and whatnot. That hit me hard. That was the biggest flaunt of privilege and hypocrisy, ive ever see. You didnt crashed quarentine to celebrate your birthday with your parents. You did so you could party on a yatch with instagram models. Thats a hard one to swallow.  I know you are a good person (at least i hope so) but your priorities lacked HARD. Hope you can see this
I have missed something....... where you on a boat with friends not wearing mask? Did you social distansing?
Doctor Mike,  You are such a good person. Nobody’s perfect, everybody messes up sometimes, but it’s what you do after you mess up what matters.  I can’t speak for others but, I am thankful for all the hard work you’ve done making these videos for us and for the hundreds of people you’ve helped and saved throughout your medical profession.  Not a lot of people would do what you have done today and for that I’m again very thankful for you making time in your day to apologize to us all.  Thank you for being you.  Apology accepted.
You're a human being! A young human being. Applause for your decision of addressing the issue and admitting the mistake. This can't erase all the positive you have transmitted.
Thank you holding yourself accountable. Please forgive yourself and learn from this. You are amazing,  we love you,  you bring far too much good to the world.  Stay happy and healthy Dr. Mike.
I have done the same thing becuse of my mom. I have gone to the mall, seen my friends (outside) gone to the store when I didn't need to go with her and visited my grandma. We have had people inside our house once, gone in frivolous shopping trips but it still wasn't 100% safe.  (Masks the whole time of course) I went along with this because I am so desperate for human interaction and  to get out of my house.  I should stop going places with her  though. It's not very safe and I know that, I just need to tough it out, and say no I don't want to go.  we all do sadly because we aren't helping this situation at all by going anywhere in person that doesn't have food, groceries or other essentials.
Its okay Dr.Mike, mistakes happen. But to come forward and accept it whole heartedly takes courage and truth. Don't feel disheartened by the bad actors and others who are using you as a wrong example. We here support you and even accpet your apology. Just take care and thank you for confronting ❤️ just sending a virtual hug coz you seem so lost and low🤗
It takes a big man to admit he’s wrong. It takes a bigger man to apologize for it
Thank you Dr. Mike for such a candid conversation about mistakes and misunderstandings, especially during such trying times. It brings me back to your TED talk and how you live by your message of not knowing something or admitting a mistake was made. Thank you for always sticking to your values as a doctor and as a human being.
Boohoo, what a first world problem
I love him so much 🥺❤️✨✨✨✨😤
without even watching the video, I already know this is about that picture where he doesn't have a mask. 🙄🙄🙄🙄   leave him alone. its his private life. just leave him alone
This is an apology video. This is how it's done. I know that's not what the video is about, but Mike I love this video, and I'm so happy that you are so transparent with us, much respect to you Doctor! And much much love as well👨‍⚕️♥️
Dr. Mike, you actually have a cult following. I know the YT revenue must be nice(and the sponsorships), but I'd rather quit before I make another mistake the masses *really* don't like, and they call for your hanging 🙈 tbh; the comments here are scary.
Doctor Mike, I am really proud of you for making this video. When I first saw the articles about the party, I was disappointed myself because having a party and being that close to each other is not a good idea during a pandemic especially now since we’re in the beginning of the second wave. I’m happy you checked with CDC guidelines and local guidelines to see what was and wasn’t okay. Please do continue to stay safe. Your patients need you. Your subscribers would like you to be okay. I wish I could give you a virtual hug because you look like you need one ☹️  And to be quite honest myself, I had a somewhat close encounter with someone who tested positive for the virus twice and that made me so scared. I work at a local community pharmacy as an intern, and I was told it’s easier to acquire the virus in that setting than the hospital.  Any who, from this point forward please do be cautious in what you do.
Even u messed up a little we still love u and respect u for who u are. Please forgive yourself .
The fact he even feels like he needs to apologize or make this stupid video is ridiculous.
We are humans and are allowed to mess up. Its very big if you to admit that you were wrong, and I love you for that. Just keep be honest is all we really ask
Like it’s so unnecessary that you have to apologize for being human. I wear my mask religiously but do I do everything right? NO! Do I trash my paper mask every time after each use? NO! We are not perfect and it’s so crazy that you have to apologize for being a human on your bday.
Did you give ur dad Sars Cov 2?
I don't call this a "mistake". I call this being a hypocrite. Good luck with your Covid "preaches" just to get praised. You're so full of yourself. Typical.
Boooooo
You were outdoors with a group of people who you obviously know. Many people during this pandemic have done way worse!! We are not perfect, we are human beings. Make decisions for yourself and let this man live his life! I appreciate your honesty, but some of the people in these comments are way too invested in your life. Smh
You don’t owe absolutely anyone an apology, you are a human being who deserves to experience happiness and you have quite frankly been doing a phenomenal job in educating “the rest of us” on the disease caused by SARS-CoV-2. Your apology is a prime example of a man with honour, a man who takes his profession very seriously, and a man who is doing his best to be a good example for people to protect themselves and their loved ones as much as possible and to think critically during these challenging times, and for that I commend you immensely. However as far as an apology being “needed” to be stated, I find that it is unnecessary. Be well Dr. Mike, head up, and keep being the amazing human that you are. G-d bless.
The issue with this and with everyone out partying during the pandemic is not the issue of personal risk. If you can live with getting covid then great! But there are many out there that won't survive getting covid, that is why we are supposed to social distance, to flatten the curve and protect those who are most vulnerable. It is especially important for those in the healthcare field and working with the public to social distance. My mom is a nurse anesthetist working with covid patients everyday, if she were to test positive for covid she would still have to work because their hospital is so short staffed. She HAS to socially distance, or risk getting covid and spreading it to her vulnerable patients.   With that being said, I personally forgive you. We are all human and we all make mistakes and act against our better judgement, but please do better Dr. Mike. These are hard times for all of us, but in the end we need to remember how hard it is for the patients with covid and families and friends of people that have passed away from covid. We can't stop living our lives but what we can do is take the necessary precautions.
In the beginning of this pandemic, Dr. FAUCI said don't wear masks. He admitted later he lied to save masks for professionals. If we are to trust medical pros, please, don't lie to us. We end up not knowing who or what is thruthful. Hard times for all. Sending love and kindness to all med. Pros. Thank you
It’s the accountability for me. So happy to see you address the mistake and explain how you will be better. No excuses.   Thank you for your guidance this year. It’s been a tough one.   Be just as kind to yourself as you are to others. ❤️
It’s the most sincere apology on YouTube ever but why isn’t this on his main channel if it’s causing more false information to be validated?
You’re a good man for saying sorry about this
Not acceptable. This apology is only posted here, on your least popular channel, so most of your following won't see it. A single retweet and repost of someone else's view of this video on instagram is not enough to get this out to all your followers that you've let down. And that's a blatant lie- in the picture that's been circulating, there are 15 people on the boat (your video shows that the local boat guidelines say 10 people max for that size boat; 15 is not fewer than 10). Also, if you can't stay distanced, don't participate in an activity around water that necessitates you don't wear a mask (or bring several masks so you can put on a new one each time it gets wet). We do all make mistakes, but those in public health really need to do our best to not during the pandemic and your apology needs to be fully truthful.
Not to be rude but this doesn't make me feel better when you are out doing what you want bc you are "healthy" while people like me who are at high risk just see everyone ignoring advice and having fun while we sacrifice seeing our families for holidays and birthdays. What about us? Noone really cares unless they are like us. I have lost friends bc they expect me to have the same nonchalant attitude as they do for Covid. I can't. I can't afford to make a mistake..how do you think that makes us feel?
Nothing but love and respect for this man, it seems harder to find people who are willing to admit when they're wrong without excuses. Keep on keeping on.👍
Basically u meant to say u are a good person .. we get it !! 👍
I don’t believe you did anything wrong ❤️ people who “know you” through social media know you make calculated decisions and we should not judge.
The damage is done. Super disappointed. You didn't care about your patients, only about yourself because "you live alone". And of the deleting and blocking is just sad. Btw, this apology shouldn't be for the people that used to trust you, but for the people that continues suffering either due to the decease or the passing of their loved ones.
Wait what happened
I’m still a bit disappointed. I understand that you took all the factors into place, but it was disappointing to see those pictures. You need to remember that you have a big platform, so delivering one message and doing something that contradicts that message is not a good decision. You should be posting this on your main channel so everyone can see this.
we r all humans after all.
Wow! Like just stop it with d innocent tone we all know u ain't, bruh. Just. Just *Stop* 🤦‍♀️😑
It’s dumb that you have to apologize I see why you did and how since you preach it you should follow it but I think everyone is guilty of this because if we were all following the rules the numbers would be going up you did the right thing but it just sucks that people like jake Paul can do party’s with very little repercussions but when a person who preaches it goes out one time gets called out is so annoying
❤️
You are a human just like us dr mike!  Party on Wayne ✌️
You have the sweetest soul ❤️. Your only human don't be too hard on yourself, stay blessed
It is very real. As someone I love greatly passed away early this morning after COVID destroyed their body. Props for apologizing. Stay safe out there people. 👍
Is this your new channel?
What did he do?
honestly have more respect for the conspiracy theorists who are at least steadfast in their actions & beliefs. you’re just a hypocrite and this was clearly a PR move
Honestly, probably the only two reasons why I have a problem with his trip is because 1. He is a doctor and I just think that carries some extra responsibility because although  you may be low risk, your patients likely are not. 2. He has been endorsing social distancing and mask wearing.
Cheer up Doc... The world is so messed up right now that people will literally try to take advantage of someone's fault... We need people like you now more than ever... People with integrity and high standards... And Human... Kudos Doc!
I discovered you about 7 months ago and I'm just so disappointed.  😥
"...people leave negative comments and I deserve that...". Bro, no one deserves that negativity. You do a lot to help keep people well informed.
Honestly I watch your videos for the great content so...reports on your personal life 🤷‍♀️ hope this doesn’t impact you or channel too much
Yikes...🙄
Just makes me kind of annoyed when I'm basically stuck alone in my apartment for 5 days a week for 7 months and then I see ppl doing this. I haven't seen some of my friends even one on one for almost year
This is the best YouTube apology I’ve ever seen. He didn’t deflect blame or justify anything. He didn’t focus on his own suffering or experience, he just told the truth & demonstrated his understanding of the impact he had.
Bro you did nothing wrong. Dont apologize
Making mistakes is one thing but usually implies on accident or unaware of it being a mistake at the time.  But you did this on purpose, did not follow guidelines after constantly telling people to stay home and mask up.  That is where the huge problem is and you are only addressing this because you got caught.
Love you! Thank you for being honest and upfront. Much respect!
this bullshat apology video is a thinly veiled attemp to save ones @ss from cancel culture's attempt to wipe this dudes YT channel.    The left is ruthless...  but it eats itself. When you see a super liberal new yorker  needing to make a video like this... thats proof in itself - the radical left will destroy itself
Your advice is so valuable. You’re a wonderful doctor and beautiful human being. Masks and social distancing works. We are nearly a month Covid 19 free here in Victoria Australia.
This didn't feel as genuine as I thought it was going to be. Honestly Imma just unsubscribe.
Thanks for being real. This isn’t easy and people are feeling fatigue from this year. I’m also glad you brought up how disinformation and conspiracies are waiting for us to let our guard down so that they can twist the truth.
if i have to be honest, i stopped attending physical school because the canadian government wants to avoid closing down schools.  as someone who is surrounded by people who are extremely high at risk like my brother, my mom, and dad, i don’t want to risk anything. even wearing my mask at school, i get a fear that someone around me is infected. 3 students at my highschool got infected, but the school hasn’t gotten shut down. someone on my dads work site got infected with covid, and still went to the job. i know my dad is keeping safety precautions, but i still can’t help but worry.   i appreciate that you’re being honest with us, i really do. it gives me courage to speak up on what i’m dealing with too. you deserve time to yourself, especially during these times, and you did keep safety precautions in mind, but maybe boating wasn’t a good idea haha  thank you for being honest though
Whatever. 😒
"Actions carry real consequences" hits hard after getting positive in the covid test because my dad was sick and never went to test himself so he got all the family sick.
I absolutely respect somebody who admits their mistakes. Thank u for ur honest and being truthful to not just us, but urself.
I never thought I'd see him making an apology video
i forgive you 😌😌😌
I'm so disappointed in him
You guys are the ones screaming about those who dont wear masks are murderers but when someone you like does it he gets a free pass. He didnt accidently have a party with models on a boat. Hypocrite scumbag.
I'm not trying to be a jerk but it seems like the issue wasn't just that he didn't wear a mask for one day. Why did he travel from NYC to Miami? Why did he say he was living alone when he said he was staying at his dads apartment? If you're going to apologize, apologize for the whole thing, not just one of many.
Everyone needs to stop apologizing for taking personal, calculated risks, that's what life is. Driving a car is a calculated risk; we drive, we just are careful while we do.
I’m not mad, just disappointed.
You’re good bro 💪🏼 You’re Dr Mike ...  we all human and we make mistakes. Ready for more fun and educational videos.
Honestly I’m just grateful to see you here, Dr Mike; when I first saw all of the hate, all I could do was hope and pray you were doing ok with all of the negativity. I knew you would learn what was to be learned but I hoped that people wouldn’t just hate to hate. I just want you to remember that you have people in your corner that support and love you. We love you Mike and admire you and understand that we all mess up sometimes. We know that you always strive to do what’s right and applaud you for it. Please don’t give up or be bogged down!!!! And please, stay happy and healthy! Loves and support!!! 😘😘😘
Please don't apologize,  you are human, you deserve a relax moment and a nice bday present,  don't apologize,  to that people attacking you I am sure they don't even take care of themselves like you. I'm sad to see this you are a human and a responsible one. There's nothing to apologize for. God bless you
I don’t know how I feel about it. Like there are people that work in hospitals at are scared to go home to their own home and you went to a boat party with many people and you have told us all that we have to work together and stay home and you talk to important people. Also the video isn’t on your main channel which I think it should be on. I didn’t even know about this channel
Is this the first good apology video?
Respect + *100*
I don’t know what the issue or controversy was, but that was the most respectful and genuine apology I’ve ever heard.
Nobody likes to admit they were wrong, especially when it is in front of millions of people. Very few take the time to reflect on the situation and learn from it... I accept your apology and appreciate your honesty <3. This gesture speaks much more about your values, than people realize. Kept learning and growing, as we all should do!
We love you and understand ❤️
You didn’t fail us! Everyone makes mistakes, don’t beat yourself about it, you’re a great person and I’ve learn so much with you!! Keep being awesome, keep saving lives and stay healthy! We love and support you :D
I'm sorry, but I HATE this video. I hate that your stopping to the extreme people on either side. How did you mess up? You just explained you followed all protocols! Far more then most average Americans who are doing their best do. Its videos like this that really puss off most of the average Americans and I'm sure people around the world who are just trying to live through this.  I mean people who have to work, see other people because they take care of them, or whatever it may be, and most cant get tested every 5 minutes, and although they wear a mask 99% of the time, they get yelled at because they checked the mail without one, or walked their dog in a wide open place with next to no people, or had a couple people over who were in their friend or family bubble. These videos reinforce the bullies, and voices of those who are not the majority. I'm sorry, but there are always going to be the assholes who dont follow any rules, and the people who choose to live in absolute fear and lock themselves away dispight reason. You did nothing wrong. It's not like the governor of CA who screams one thing yet did the absolute opposite. We cant live in fear and shame over unrealistic expectations and at time assumptions. You knew your situation and risk, you were safe. We are our own worst enemy in this whole thing.
I so appreciate everything you have taught us all !!! Forget the trip , I think the gym is far more dangerous,  just sayin... My heart is hurting for all the medical professionals,  over 1,000 at Cleveland Clinic are out now due to Covid 19 Staying Safe is so important but Perfect is just a standard no one can do. 6ft, Masks n No large group settings are all we hv right  now to help STOP  the spread this virus . Thank You Again for All You Do !!! 🙂
Very important to take responsibility for the impact your social media presence has, that being said....you did everything you should and you are apologizing!  Much respect! You are human and this is causing massive fatigue! Mental health is just as important as viral safety!
I appreciate your response. I think we’re all in such a hard spot, that while lapses in judgement are never good, they’re understandable. I don’t think that anyone should be used you to challenge the science. I do appreciate while there was a small lapse in judgement, you did everything right. You made sure to check mask guidelines surrounding water sports, you checked the boat capacity guidelines, and you social distances.
👍
While it is good you apologized and owned up to your own failures it doesn't change the fact that irreversible damage has been done to combating COVID-19 misinformation. You basically gave COVID-19 deniers such as Candace Owens and Steven Crowder a huge gift so don't be surprised if you get smeared by them. The fact that this wasn't posted of your main youtube channel doesn't help either if anything it'll be used as evidence that you weren't being sincerer in your apology.
Everybody makes mistakes
Your positive work to help others  outweighs this mistake, you’re good brother. All we can ask for in people is that they do more good than harm, and you definitely exceed that. We should allow ppl to learn and grow each day, Dr.Mike is no exception.
I’m so disappointed.
I wish this was on your main account.
Ok u did the mistake bt accepting it shows how sorry u r n wont  do it again...after all we all do mistakes 😊😊
A perfect example of doing the right thing - and the fact that he says  don’t blame the science blame the person... and he mentions is of always keeping an eye on yr self risk... this just proves to me what a wonderful doctor he is... a true human doctor
No one is perfect. Don’t beat yourself up too much. Learn and do better that is all.
Here cus  medbros
I appreciate the honesty. However, I do believe you are being too harsh on yourself. You did nothing wrong in exposing yourself to slight risk. Quarantine fatigue is real, and there are worse things than dying from COVID-19. Worse is dying without having the opportunity to live a life. You did good taking a small risk in order to relieve stress and spend tule with loved ones. Some things are worth the risk
Because of your genuine attitude towards how you handled this issue. You're forgiven. We love you doctor Mike! Humans sometimes make mistakes to be better.
Wait why is he apologizing I don’t get it  But yea we are humans and although idk what u did wrong we all do something wrong or mess up it’s just human  what ever happen I hope you have a good day today
I want to Mary him even more
I met up with lots of extended family and friends with no masks in a small trailer for Thanksgiving. You all gonna cancel me, too?
He went in a boat with... maybe 6 people??? With friends... like its OkAy...
Seriously? Like why is HE falling on his sword and the President is getting away with murdering 100s of thousands?
I think what people don’t realize is that you are still human. Of course I’m disappointed. Seeing someone I look up to do something the opposite of what they have been saying. However, this pandemic is HARD, it’s difficult mentally and physically. People don’t get to see their friends and family and those connections are hard to keep close during a time like this. I completely understand why and how this happened. They are your friends, it was your birthday. You took into account your safety and decided what would be ok. Was that a mistake, maybe, probably, but you are human. Not a superhero, not a robot, a human, who has also been dealing with this pandemic like the rest of us, who might have wanted human connection for those couple of days. I just wish people don’t use this situation to downplay the pandemic. Also you are learning from your mistake, and I know you are sorry, and I also know that you will continue to give us helpful medical content that I will look forward to. So human to human, it’s okay💗 Thank you for owning up to it, and being transparent with us, and I hope you stay safe and post more this year💓
no it hasnt covid isnt that deadly unless your over 70. the cdc says if your under 70 survival rate is 99.9% same as the flu. 99.96% far better survival rate than the flu if your under 45. theres no reason for people under 70 not to go back to normal. guys fear mongering.
No respect. Smdh
You are only human. We all make mistakes.
Dear Dr. Mike, I really hope you read my message, maybe it'll get lost among the zillions of messages you've gotten. In my opinion, you've always been a serious and reliable person. Everybody makes mistakes, let that one make you wiser and stronger. I'm a Brazilian fan. Brazilian greetings!
It would have been good to explain what you did first, I had no clue what’s happened
♥️
Apology accepted, but no beewoop?
The w.h.o. are a corrupt group that just repeats everything china says and does not even recognize some sovereign nations cause china told them not to
Why isn’t this on your main channel?
We all mess up. You're as human as all of us,  you do it and learn from it,  it's all we can do.  Big of you to adress your mistakes, more than a lot of people would. Stay safe
It sucks how poorly people take a simple thing with no intended influence, I feel bad that it has to be this hard for you to have fun.
Thats odd, for Someone dealing with covid patients everyday you would think he would be more cautious 🧐  People have to stop saying he made a mistake and he is only human. It wasn’t  a mistake that happened in a short moment. He was a few hours on the boat. You Dr Mike make people believe the virus isn’t real. You work at a hospital you deal with sick patience everyday, I don’t understand why you would go put other ppl at risk and yourself unless you don’t believe this virus is real.
I’m confused on what happened, anyways your a great doc and great person 😊 love from 🇨🇦
I don’t think you messed up at all. You’re not perfect Dr. Mike you also need to see people and socialize and we can’t all be expected to be perfect with that. It’s a process and you’re trying your best and we see that ❤️
Respect❤
We are all human man!! I will still follow you no questions asked man.
Why do I feel bad after watching this video I mean yes I understand that wearing mask is very important in public places but come on peep! he deserves a break and he is a doctor he knows better what's good for himself and for others too. The main problem is that we are too quick to pass a  judgement on someone without having slightest of idea about the circumstances.
Yeah, I guess he has a 'bigger' responsibility as a Dr. and social media personality.  But, if everyone jumps off a bridge, are you going to, too?  Just because you see other people doing something you've been warned against doesn't mean you have to toss all wisdom out the window because a Dr. or nurse, etc did it.  stop putting people on pedestals and you won't have so much disappointment.
Dang! Whut happened?
I have a lot of respect for you Dr. Mike. Thank you for apologizing. We are all human and we make mistakes. Stay safe and healthy ❤️
So? You’re not Sia. You’re cool bro.
It takes so much to admit when someone is wrong and to move on, even though you are a doctor but you also a human, just be careful and try not to mess up again because you possibly could be on the verge of culture cancelation
Oh and happy belated birthday
Love you!!!
I need to know where you got those couch pillows
Glad you owned up to this in a timely manner.
It breaks my heart to see him giving an apology, we all know that some people is now going out and having all the precautions, and even tho the impact that Dr Mike is talking about is true, we all have starting giving baby steps following all the health precautions and recommendations! I just hope that those bad intentional people trying to make him and the true science behind wearing a mask won’t continue because honestly Dr Mike have done so much during the entire pandemic keeping us all well informed and with the first hand and verify information that is not fair that know they are putting him in the spot line for one time that he went out celebrating and having all the precautions that were his responsibility to take! Give him a break! We love you Dr Mike and just by watching this video I can re inforcr how great human being you are and how humble you are by admitting when you are wrong (I don’t thing you were but I get the impact point) either way we who know all your journey guiding us around Covid we are all so thankful to you so don’t let this affect you, tomorrow would be a new day to continue and being as awesome as always!
I respect how thoughtful and honest this video is
you are my inspiration.  I'm so proud to see you admit your mistakes and learning from it.  love for u xx
You don’t treat patients!
Why haven't you taken down your other video?
Its ok man we all make mistakes
Oh, Doc, you are human. Don’t beat yourself up - you are a well respected physician.  You’ve said your piece now move past it!!
I'm glad you're addressing this, I saw the article about this several days ago, your human and mistakes are made.
It’s been a long haul and even the most cautious of us have had lapses in judgement. We’re human, we’re frustrated, we’re lonely. It’s ok. All we can do is try and not repeat the same mistakes. Much love!
Throwing a party during a pandemic. Genius move there, doctor.
I gotta say the knee jerk reaction of "oh what, that's disappointing to hear" when I first saw the news rang pretty instantly for me. But I also feel that your apology was truly sincere and I look forward to following your content in the future.
I know this is a very serious message and I appreciate the self awareness and maturity that he has shown through this situation. I’m very sorry but the only thing I heard was that dr. Mike lives alone and that is so very unfortunate and unnecessary. I’m right here and I will gladly sacrifice myself to rectify this situation. I know that in a time like this we all need someone who will show such selflessness so I volunteer as tribute. I will start packing my things. No need to thank me.
Thank you for this, Dr. Mike. You may never see this comment, but I wanted to say that after this, my respect for you has deepened.  I am 33 years old and have been a CNA in the same nursing home for 15 years. This year has been the hardest, most exhausting for not only staff, but the residents as well. Besides worrying about and dealing with Covid, they have been isolated to a (roughly) 20x20 room. They have not been able to visit with their families for months. In all probability, many of them may never get to physically see their family again. They are depressed and lonely with very little human interaction because nursing staff do not have adequate time to spend with them individually, especially now. It has definitely taken its toll. For this reason, when I saw the pictures, I was hurt, angry, but most of all disappointed. I didn’t understand how someone that I looked up to so highly because of their education and ability and eagerness to convey that knowledge to the world could be so careless.  Being on a public platform, people tend to forget that you ARE human and DO make mistakes. To see you own up to that, not try to make excuses or blame someone else and put forth an explanation, honest apology and a promise to try to do better has made me appreciate you that much more. It’s hard to admit when you’re wrong. You did so with humbleness and sincerity. And thank you for not saying you won’t make another mistake, because, again, you ARE human. Just don’t make the same mistake twice. Hopefully we (myself included) can be able to look past other’s faults, own up to and learn from our mistakes, and give grace and understanding. I’m certainly going to try my best.  I’ve said all that to say this, keep your head up and don’t let this get you down. You still have many people in your corner cheering you on!  Sending you love and a virtual hug and a PEE-WOOP!  ♥️
It says max 10 people but there were way more then 10 in the pictures alone😩   He didn’t post the pictures on his social media, so he knew exactly what he was doing. The reason he’s sorry is cause he got caught, the pornstars on the boat put him on their storys. Also the fact that you posted this on your second channel no one knows you have instead of you main speaks volumes.   Be a doctor first THEN an influencer instead of the opposite.
But seriously dude.... family medicine is not even a branch anyone would like to take. Stop giving so much importance to urself as if u are the epitome of medical world.. Stop acting like Mr Know it all.
As someone who has doctors in their family. Doctors are humans too. People seem to place them in this category of perfection and it’s wrong. Everyone makes mistakes even doctors.
I can't say it's not disappointing to see those pictures. You have chosen to put yourself out there as a public figure and with that comes a higher level of responsibility than the average person. Bad actors using your photos to discredit public health recommendations is largely your own fault so you feeling all hurt by their actions is kind of like, well what did you expect? My mom has a non-smoker's lung cancer at 67 and these are her last years alive and she has to spend them isolated; I can't even hug her. Glad you had a fun birthday party drinking with your buddies though, right? It may sound harsh and your apology seems sincere but unfortunately the damage is done.
If you’re so sorry, why don’t you post the apology on the main channel? 🤔
We love you! It's a strength to admit youre wrong. Thank you for showing up :) Love from a fellow Russian
We are all humans and we need to be kind to each other!!! Lots of love to all!!
Dr. Mike, I already had a whole lotta respect for you before seeing this video, but seeing you admit you made a mistake in front of millions of people because you knew it was the right thing to do really took that respect to another level. Not many people do that, so thank you👍 Also I hope you're doing well! You content is fantastic!
I don't understand what are people mad about now? That you went on a boat?
So did y’all get Covid-19
Now that I know the whole story, I see no need for you to apologize. You followed all the guidelines, did everything you said people are supposed to do for making the decisions. So in my opinion you set a good example by what doing what you did the way you did.
So many people stayed home and didn't have traditional Thanksgiving. You as a medical doctor should see the hypocrisy here. You want people to take DOs seriously but you were partying!
This needs to be on your main, Mike.
It sucks because as an individual you did everything correct by checking every guideline and following all the rules, but simply because of your platform it’s being used against you? You are a shining beacon of how to properly do this quarantine!
Respect and lots of love for admitting a mistake❤️ People should stop idealizing others on social media. You are staying home and being cautious not because Dr. Mike said so. You are doing it for yourself. And you are responsible for yourself. If he decided to do a party, that's his decision. It may be bad or good, but it just is. And nobody should be "disappointed", because that's totally understandable. Everyone wants to have a birthday, especially when you are working during pandemic. If everyone turned off their emotions and expectations, they'd act more mature
Aweee.... as long as you learned from your mistakes. That’s all that matters.
Is this a genuine channel?
Why not on main channel tho? Respect this but I’m just saying lol could’ve posted this on there which would’ve reached a lot more people than on here
You didn't even put this on your main page. Only people who are subscribed to this channel or your main with community features on will even see this.
I gotta say, he lost a bit of credibility getting caught being such a hypocrite. Rough man
I appreciate your courage to admit that this wasn't the best idea, but also I know that most of us have slip in some moment in the past year, we all need human interaction and to distract ourselves of the reality, and you were taking your precautions in contrast of a lot of influencers with massive parties indoors either way thank you and don't be so hard on yourself. We love you and some of us understand it
As a healthcare professional, I can tell you we’re all human, we all try our best, but we can always do better. It’s hard doing what we do, and sometimes we just want a break from reality. Thanks for standing up for us front liners. Remember to not be hard on yourself for being human like the rest of us.
That brain behind you is freakin amazing. Where did u get that?!
Dude, you have no reason to apologize. Eff all the ridiculous SJW's and love your life! Over this BS and the fear mongering. LIVE MAN, LIVE!
Just because your at a low risk level doesn't mean the people you interact with are at a low risk level.
Sir I admire you very much. I wanna be a doctor I also wanna meet you one day💚
As a doctor there shouldn't have been any confusion or negligence on your part Mike. You know better than anybody who could comment on your conduct how hard the situation's been for doctors and frontline workers at the least. Some have traveled to high stress regions to offer support to the staff present there, away from family and friends in delicate times. For all it means, I believe  this sorry was wasted because you clearly and consciously chose fun and frolic over a raging pandemic. Your apology seems more of a regret that your actions are now in public and people have been criticising you, and rightfully so.
For all of you in the comments who keep asking why he didn’t put this on his main channel like it’s their business I got something to say to y’all ~He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.~
Hey Dr mike! Thanks for this video and your vulnerability. I am at home with covid-19 after doing everything right. I wore a mask everywhere, didn’t go out, and still I got sick. I think the point is that we all do the best we can and make mistakes and I’m very pleased with your message. Love you
Thank you. Thank you for the serious, heartfelt apology. Thank you for continuing to push the message of your channel even though it has probably stripped you of your privacy. Thank you for putting out positive messages and informing the public. Just don’t forget that there are just as many people willing to support you through your mistakes as there are people who don’t.   Have a great day and keep bee-wooping!
Anytime we has human beings have a lapse in judgement or do the wrong thing, is a lesson learned.Your willingness to be transparent and declaration to do better is a reflection of how much you respect your followerers. Trying not to get all nerdy and arm chair shrink....but.... maybe this is an important lesson you needed experience to help us all.💟👍💟
I appreciate Dr Mike wanted to take accountability for his actions . But if someone cannot make safe decisions to protect their own health because of what someone else does, that's on them.
I subscribed today because you owned up. The initial press release was more damaging than this video. Fire your PR people.
You are officially a popular YouTuber when you end up in an apologetic video
Thank you for being real, as always. Much love and respect! 🤍
I came here to cancel anything to do with you because I heard about what happened. I appreciate what you have just said and how you just dealt with it. I am an RN my husband nearly died of Covid a month ago and I appreciate you not adding to the stupid narrative.  Well done.
We all know that we have a lot of Karens and Kevins in the world to make it worse
The reality is he has nothing to apologize for. He’s being forced to do it because of toxic and cancerous culture and is being manipulated into hating himself for something totally fine. We are not responsible for other people’s actions. The reality is people want to blame him for other people not understanding what he does or is doing and then also blame him for those people being careless afterwards. Which we have no evidence anyone has even done because of what he did. That’s garbage. This is a common occurrence with anyone who is sharing views that are considered left leaning(in reality both the right and left support masks and being cautious), because as soon as you do anything that could even be perceived as contradictory even when it’s not at all, he literally followed the cdc guidelines, people will turn and look for an excuse to pretend, PRETEND, they are better than you. It’s the most common political tactic by people today, rather than do things to make yourself a better person and more valuable to society, just tear down someone who does like doctor Mike so you can pretend you’re better than they are. Dr. Mike, while i may not agree with you politically, you did nothing wrong, and one of the biggest mistakes you can make is apologizing when you’re in the right, because now people will expect it from you, just because they think your wrong, not because you actually are. Good luck
No one is perfect, grace and mercy are renewed daily, I feel bad that a day that brought you happiness that we haven’t (you haven’t) had in almost a year has turned into this... some people just want everyone to be/stay miserable... you are on the front line of this and needed this day/time/ celebration... 💕
I get that doctors and healthcare people should hold themselves to a higher standard but we can't be spreading hate and painting everything and everyone with the same brush..  I would like to thank you mike - not for your medical expertise or anything but because you put a smile on a lot of faces who need it
Keep the good work Dr. Mike, it's alright, you're a human too. And please keep on spreading medical awareness
Im in a Healthcare field. Ive watched you for years and loved your videos. It hurt when I saw the articles about your boat trip. It hurt knowing that it would hurt messaging and I dread going to work as it is. But, I respect this video a lot and the apology that it brings. Its very clear that you're sincerely apologetic about this and I appreciate that a lot.
It’s a difficult time, we all are human and make mistakes. It says a lot that you are able to man up and own the mistake. Don’t sweat it.  We all love you!
Should have put this on the main my guy.
Did he get Covid?
Ok relax. Science isn’t a religion in which to confess your sins
Honesty is the best policy and you followed it... Good job!!!!!
I want to start this by saying I have admired your work and this channel for a long time. So, when I saw the articles about your boat trip was surprising to say the least. But the problem was *NOT* that of hypocrisy or not living by the standards you set up. We all fail sometimes. The problem is, like you very reasonably calculated YOUR personal risks, and said how they are different for different people, that isn't the message that we are getting from the main authorities. It is exactly a message one size fits all, hence everybody needs to stay home, cancel important events like funerals, weddings or meeting your family on the holidays, without talking about extenuating factors. Also, when you describe that you were complying with rules, does that include meeting your father after that, who may not have the same low risks as you ? I am asking for people to be educated. Respect your apology, but it isn't self-reflection from you about your actions that was the issue, it was about whether others get to do the same personal risk assessments vs. blanket mandatory rules applied broadly.
no emotion, you will be smile every time
Not a big deal. You made sure that guidelines were being followed, you made sure you felt safe going, and that you would be putting yourself or anyone else at risk. Nothing wrong with that.
Everyone makes mistakes... We're only human❤
Good. I had seen the story and said wtf? At least you owned up to it. I know my neighbors couldn't do that ish. Why? They do not have a job. I have had to feed them a few times.
Great that you are apologizing but I felt there was something missing in your apology. There was an absence of acknowledging the gravity of your mistake.  That literally someone could get covid and die from your actions. It was a huge mistake. The photo shows you crowded into a small space with a ton of people. Of all the people there you had the most power and influence, and you put others in danger.
That was well said, Respect to Dr. Mike for making this video.
Please, I lost so much respect for you, hypocrite
my sister got corona even though she wears a mas
Omg I got scared I thought you got sick because of the consequences I'm glad you ok and we are humans we make mistakes and thank you for keeping me updated. Be safe love from Mexico
Honestly, thank you for the explanation. I think as a HCP you have the right to your own private life. I trust you as HCP, and as a person because you have been real and transparent; so I don’t doubt the information you give us and I don’t doubt that you practice what you preach. Thank you for the apology, even though I trusted that you were playing things safe. Thank you for all your work. I stand with you.
I haven’t seen my friends or family in months so seeing you (a doctor who pushes social distancing) do what you did was so disappointing. Hope it was worth it.
Already forgiven. Besides I’m sure you can get tested super quick and not be at risk to others
I think when it comes to getting into a very carefree happy state risks can happen. And in your video you made it clear that you assessed the risks that were involved and as everyone seemed to be consenting adults, at the very least in control of their own facilities, then I think a calculated risk can be done especially when you have evaluated all of your options before hand. Was it a hard piece to see pop up on my google page? Yes- But media blows things up and while you are a public figure, even though that’s your choice, you still get to be human, you still get to make decisions that not everyone’s going to agree with. Videos like this that explain your reasoning and your precautions in the situations definitely help people to understand it a little bit more even though it might not have really been any part of their business, so thank you for taking the time to actually make this video. You owned up to it, but more importantly you understood the impact of your choices (that we’re not as bad as some would make them out to be), in these moments you do get to see your effect on others and aim glad you are seeing this more as a learning opportunity than anything else, because it is, we’re all human, we all grow in weird ways, learn from it, feel it, reflect, and let it go, move on and be better. ❤️ (no hate to your friend either I’m sure they thought it was a nice gift!)
Every one do mistakes don’t worry dr Mike I believe you and you are informative and you make us better people and you try to make us protect ourselves by telling what is right and you are caring  😊
All my love and support. I hope you enjoyed your 31st birthday celebration. it sucks that people forget you're a human too, even if you're a public figure...besides How are we supposed to grow if we're not allowed to make mistakes? I know it won't happen again, You have too much unagi in you. So It'll be ok. Un abrazo desde Colombia. ☺️
I respect this statement so much. Not just for the fact that you made that hard realization that just because something was ok for you on a personal level didn't mean it was the right choice on a public level, but because you are saying a lesson I try to instill on my child (who is a teenager) everyday; and that is we all mess up. The hardest thing a person has to do is admit when they have done something wrong. And it takes a very strong person to come out and publicly and admit it, and not in the typical celebrity forced "I'm sorry" post. I feel like you are truly sorry for the negative impact your actions have had, even when that was not your intent, and for that I have mad respect. As a nurse, I respect you as a voice of reliable medical knowledge to the masses, and this video also showed me you are at the core also just an all around decent guy. Good on you Dr. Mike!
We all make mistakes... thank you💜
I super respect you for saying something! And addressing it quickly. Thank you for all you do!!
👍💪
i feel so sad and bad i trusted doctor mike but he went out partying amidst the pandemic i learn a lot from your videos about the pandemic on being safe but its not the reality i guess its a big BUMMER for me. YOUTUBE really is a show everyone is putting a FRONT/fake persona i dont wanna shame doctor mike its like a knife at the back I look up to you now its very sad how the trust is kinda broken REMINDS me of that one story of a doctor saying to a patient dont smoke but as soon as he left the office he went out for a smoke THIS LIFE IS NOT REAL
On 3:08  While I don’t agree with trump’s stand on mask, I agree with his view on WHO, they hide the seriousness of the virus and actively trying to help China looks good, I don’t think the WHO as an organisation deserve thanks (not the researcher in general, the name WHO degraded them).
Its fine man we all mess up no ones perfect its life
Everything ok but it's not like oops you got on a yatch with a lot of people by accident, is something you think and plan, you considered the risk cause you knew it was wrong but wanted to make it less worse by following guidelines thinking your public won't complain but well at least you admit your mistakes
You should have posted this on your main channel and addressed the matter. Less than half of your audience is probably going to see this.
Thank you so much for caring so much about the community and others. You truly are such an amazing and kind hearted doctor as well as person Doctor Mike. ♥️
Bro it’s ok I still love u bro <3
If he didn’t look they way he looks nobody would be forgiving him and making it so easy for him. He’s a hypocrite and only apologizing because he got caught.
Dr. Mike, I have so much respect for you. The fact that you came out to speak about this shows a lot about you. Love you so much
This was a Jenna Marbles kind of apology. Good job.
It's not like everyone isn't going out with friends and stuff.
I don’t understand the point of this video? Dr. Mike I respect you and I know you work hard why are you so hard on yourself for having a good time with family and friends while still being safe?
Thank you for your apologizing. I must say that as a chronically ill patient, I was extremely upset to see the pictures because I look to you, a doctor, for Covid19 information and your actions to help keep myself safe. I understand you’re human and make mistakes. Thank you for admitting that you were wrong.
You know it’s serious when there’s no pee-woop.   We all mess up and make mistakes. Thank you for offering a sincere apology. What you did on that day does not undo all of the good that you have done throughout your entire career - both at your office and on your channel. You have been here educating us truthfully and without bias from day one. You have been muddling through the murk of the media and shining light on the truth of the matter. One celebration does not change that. 💛
It's the hypocrisy that really disappointed me. It's one thing for Nancy Pelosi or Governor Gavin Newsom to preach these guidelines to the rest of us and then violate them. They're just bureaucrats. You're a legitimate medical professional. That said, no person is perfect, and I appreciate that you owned up to this mistake. Just know that we look to you for guidance, and to lead by example. Thank you for all your videos.
The amount of toxic comments is alarming, theres a lot of ppl triggered by a person taking accountability but dont hold other YTers to the same standard at all. If you are that upset and feel that strongly, why dont you just unsubscribe?
As a DO student, this was disappointing mike.
“ Put this on your main channel!” Says the ones who think an apology not being on the main channel ruins its credibility. As soon as I looked in my subscriptions (on mobile) I saw this video shared on the main channel. If he doesn’t want it as an upload on his main channel (likely due to how short or out of place it is on a fun fact-based channel), then be glad he at least shared it. Now watch the video and hear him out.
Thank you Dr. Mike!! You make the world a better place!!
A class act, as always.
Imagine chastising a man who takes this more seriously than any of the people who watch his videos for slipping up ONCE. He followed all the guidelines, shut your fucking face flaps 🙄
It must have been really hard to do this video....thank you for being transparent and owning up to it....👍 It's really ok.. humans make mistakes !
I've been waiting a few days for this. Not gonna lie, I was really hoping that he would acknowledge this and understand the implications of his absolutely stupid and selfish decision. I love the parasocial relationship a lot of us have with this guy, I have a lot of respect for him, and I'm glad he completely owns up to the notion that there is a bigger picture when he has social influence of such a massive capacity. Good on you Mike, this must have been incredibly hard and personally heartbreaking. You are setting a good example to lots of people right now. Hugs and love from PA.
Dear Dr. Mike, I have been an avid fan of yours for quite some time. As a student who is seriously considering entering the medical field, I look up to you, your fun lighthearted content, and passion for what you do. As many have already commented, I too was dissapointed when I saw the headlines. But in true Dr. Mike spirit, I sat back and took the time to reflect.  You are human and make mistakes and that is ok. Thank you for this sincere, genuine apology and I am looking forward to continue enjoying your content.
As a fellow fallible human, thank you for acknowledging the impact your decision made. I don't necessarily believe you made a poor choice in the trip, you are intelligent and weighed the pros and cons. You are a strong man to apologize and to strive to do better. I know the backlash has been troubling for you and I hope you can have some peace of mind and heart now. The work you do as a doctor and as a YouTuber is so important. The way you can address issues and break them down to the most understandable level is truly a gift. You are a appreciated. Appreciated for more than just your good looks. Your mind and heart. Big hugs! Give him cuddles Bear. He needs some extra loving!
Dude, don't let this mistake eat you alive!!! You are so many things in the public eye, but honestly you also have a private life. Apologizing is a hard thing to do so props to you! Be careful but still have fun.
You should’ve never went in the first place. You’re a health care professional and you know people are watching you. Your excuse that you live alone and will be quarantining is pathetic. You still have to travel back and see other people on the trip. You’re still putting other people at risk. You preach to be cautious yet you travel to another state when the pandemic is the worst it’s ever been, especially in Miami. You say to only travel when it’s necessary yet you travel to party for your birthday. That’s not necessary. Yes you’re a human but you’re a healthcare professional in the public eye and certainly know better.
Big deal, you've been on a boat party after a year of lockdown and being at the front line. You've done nothing but educate the general public and take care of your patients. Plus, it's not like you're putting anyone else at risk in that specific scenario. Antivaxxers, AntiCOVIDs, and conspiracy theorists will keep waiting for the opportunity to nag and refute medicine, research and science.  I don't think you did anything wrong.We're all human. I'm a doctor too and I'd kill for a boat party. Doesn't mean covid isn't real or we're neglecting our patients. Cheers man! Keep inspiring!
Y’all just mad you can’t get your sick sucked by 5 women in Miami...let the man live y’all
Amazing message doctor, you are a gentleman
That’s why I love you because you are human!! Stay human!
More power to you Dr mike ❤❤❤❤
I honestly didn’t even know that you were on a boat. I get it tho, we’re all human! But also, you knew you were following guidelines, maybe next time just state how you’re doing that. No worries friend, don’t put that heavy burden on you, it’s not yours to carry 🤍
Cap
I’m not sure the whole story but make sure to give yourself grace because your viewers know you are not perfect as no one is or should accepted to be given any title or position. Appreciate the vulnerability but just remember grace is the motivator for change not guilt.
We all make mistakes!! You are still my man crush EVERYDAY!  I have pre existing conditions and no one can keep from putting a mask on.  No one is perfect. 😘😘😘
What happened @DoctorMike
It takes courage to admit when you are wrong. Strength to say your sorry and wisdom to understand how to change it. Even though as a doctor you hold yourself at a higher standard, you are also human. I think this video speaks volumes on who you are as a person. It doesn't take long to figure out what a truly kind human being you are. So, don't beat yourself up too much over it, but I do appreciate you being honest.  " Anyone who can't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either" - Albert Einstein
I’m so confused. How is it a mistake if he took al of the precautions? We’ve been in a lockdown for a whole year. He’s human too. . Never mind... just saw that photo. That’s a  party and not close friends and family bubble
I will go ahead and take the heat for saying this to you. You didn’t make a mistake. You showed how a smart individual can take time they need for mental health, just a small degree of normalcy that makes life a bit easier to swallow every day.   You looked at guidelines and risks and made an informed decision. More people need to follow your example rather that what is seeming to be common. People either are so cautious that life is at a standstill or so unconcerned that they take unnecessary risks and expose others needlessly.   Florida makes so much of its money off tourism. This week Disney had to lay off another 30,000+. That’s tens of thousands of families that may not be able to feed their children next week. That’s just Disney. It’s happening all over the state.   By setting an example of how to make intelligent and responsible decisions, you could save so many lives. Every dollar you spent here helps keep someone employed just a bit longer. We have to be safe, but we have to be smart as well.   And yes I live in florida. My husband is also a physician.  So I thank you for what you do every day on your channel. Being calm and charismatic while discussing serious topics is a wonderful thing.
I have to admit, as someone who has been worried about this illness due to pre-existing conditions in my family, I have followed your advice and stayed home or wore a mask if I absolutely had to go out. Seeing images of you on a boat with several people not wearing a mask, and when you were it was below your nose, kind of ruined the trust I had in you. You’ve been the one doctor I could fully trust to give us the information about Covid, but this was a slap in the face. I thank you for the apology.
Do whatever you want. My goodness. It’s political anymore.
Post this to your main channel.
The problem is that those who judge the hardest and those who tell others how careless and selfish they are for not wearing a mask or spending time with friends and family and not socially distancing are the ones getting caught partying and spending time with friends and family. I understand you made a mistake, but this pandemic is taking more lives than it should with all the restrictions in place. Love is the only thing we have in this world, and the only thing keeping us alive. Our immune system can handle a virus, but it cannot handle not spending time with the people we love. This pandemic has been handled poorly worldwide.
2020 has been the year of self reflection and I think it's great that you used the time to reflect and apologize for any wrong doings. Apologizing is never  easy but it is essential for growth.
At the end of the day, I don’t need his apology. Because he is conscious of his mistake. With or without a video. He was not obliged to be public about this. But, nevertheless, he still published this because it is important to show how it’s ok to not be perfect. We all did some mistakes, consciously or unconsciously, during this critic moment. Yes, this is about putting lives at risk but there are people out there who follows protocol and tries their best to not harm anybody and still somehow slip. This whole ordeal is a slippery slope. But, unfortunately there is people who are turning this into a whole conspiracy theory! Or! Are salty because they followed his advice and did not travel this year! Have you ever heard of the saying ‘Do what I say, don’t do what I do’? You should be thankful that you followed his advice because it was COMMON SENSE! Let us all remember that we are human beings and we’re all trying our best. How about that?
A thought provoking video. You didn't let me down in any way. Want to visit friends and have a good time?! - of course, go ahead. Extreme isolation - not seeing your family and friends at all -  is not a good idea, even for " protection". This is a sure way to go crazy. Don't want to see any more crazy people in this world. There are always going to be bad apples saying that you are wrong no matter how much you apologize. That' s only going to give them more rights to bring you down. Perfect things belong to museums, and since people aren' t perfect, well...Being a good role model is difficult, but you can't put that much pressure on yourself, just because. All in all - don' beat yourself up about it. Not worth it.
"When I walk bare, I wear a mask..." 😳  Oh... Bear... whew...
Your all good man, but there is a fine line between safety and free will. Not to say your apology was not accepted.  You deserve a vacation especially with the long hours and you being on the front lines of this pandemic. You even took the proper precautions to do this. Why beat yourself up for something that you deserve.
Uhhuuu, legendado em português. Eita q a coisa foi séria
Humans are not perfect...  we make mistakes... Thanks for your words dr. Mike and we will learn from your mistakes in order to keep the society safe during this pandemic situation that we are all living very hard... My respects for your courage
Life is hard, finding something to celebrate right now is almost a relief. In a year or 6 months or 2 weeks from now, will this matter or will anyone remember it, probably not. We will remember how hard Covid was on all of us and hopefully we are grateful for the kindness and understanding we received. I know I’m not perfect, so I’m totally ok knowing I’m not alone! 😁 You do great things Dr. Mike don’t let the noise of negative people get to you. As for people debating the science because of this.... they probably weren’t following any of the guidelines anyway.
Im scared of doctors, but this is why I still respect them. Being a doctor, a teacher, a nurse, if they fail Hell will rain upon them, if I do wrong as a designer maybe people are gonna be mad, but I'm not responsible for anyone. So sorry for that, I haven't experienced closely COVID, so I feel the ones who truly need to see if this does it are the health care team, and people who had it, people who lost someone, and people who are now alone. Glad for you to realize your mistakes, now all left is to be better 💜✨
We all mess up!! We support you, and makes me wanna support you even more bc of this! You accepted the mistake, apologised, and moved forward 👏🏻
You could not have made this video and let things be as they were.   Have a lot of respect for your honesty.    It is a weird and crazy time we are living through right now. xoxo
Thank you so much for the sincere apology. We can tell you mean it, and that you genuinely meant no harm. You are a beautiful human, thank you
We love you too!
we will always love and support you!
This year has been a lot to handle.  I think most of us have at one point or another weighed the balance of physical, emotional,  mental, and spiritual health in various areas of our lives and occasionally put physical health concerns in the back-seat.  Grace, compassion, and understanding for you, Dr. Mike.  We are all in this together.  So much respect for your passion about protecting the message, accepting the extra responsibility that being in the spotlight puts on you.  But, honestly,  I also hope that you had a fantastic little break away from the strange, distanced way of living that 2020 has thrust us into and enjoyed being with friends.   Happy Birthday!
Pandemic fatigue is real. My sister just had a baby many states away and it’s killing me that I can’t go meet my new niece.
Thank goodness you messed up because here I was thinking you were absolutely perfect. I like you even more now that I know not only are you not perfect, but you own up to your mistakes.
You're too hard on yourself Mike! You have helped SO MANY PEOPLE across the world by doing what you do. Don't downplay your POSITIVE impact. My 11 year old nephew watches you religiously, and has stated many times that he wants to be a doctor because he wants to help people the same way you do. So I say god bless you sir!
Thank you Dr. Mike.  No judgement from me just admiration for always holding yourself to a higher standard. We are all human and will always make mistakes. Admitting when you’ve made one and learning from them is what life is all about.
People have to bring negativity into everything
I don't believe Dr. Mike actually looked at the boat capacity before going on a private boat
It’s sad tht he had to apologize this years been tough he has to deal with COVID at work he needs a break he took caution of everything but peopel
Way less upset about this than about you not speaking Russian in your speaking Russian video. C'mon Mike
This is an example if you take the necessary precautions, you can still have a good time and keep the people around you safe. This is a dangerous pandemic because rapid testing isn't affordable and is not available in Costco bulk for anyone to take at home. These test kits costs around $25-$50. If these tests were as easy as taking a breathalyzer, then we can all see our loved ones without worry. A person asymptomatic can walk around without anxiety of infecting someone. Just my opinion.
Amazing to me how he risks his life and the lives of others to be on a boat with some bikini clad women. Makes me see what kind of person he really is.
Should have watched pewdiepie’s video on YouTube apology videos
I am slow, what did he do? 😩
No idea why going boating is wrong but I can appreciate a man who is able to admit when he is wrong. Is going boating really that bad?
I’m very disappointed.  You are putting others at risk when you go to work. If you really see patients in person, good luck to them. You are now showing us all the truth, you don’t care about science, you care about money. You work out? In a gym?  Wtf?  Even before the master-class germ-infected-party influencer act, you know better. You are destroying peoples’ trust in science. Shame on you for hiding this here. Put this on the main channel.  What a grifter, I can’t believe you learned the empirical language and I bought it. Shame on me too.
InfoOverload is saying you now a believe that COVID is a hoax and compared you to Jake Paul. If we all wore a mask and just stopped being selfish we could ALL go have fun or even just get a haircut. I am impressed that you took responsibility for it because I’ve shared your videos with my nieces who thought the virus was a hoax and when I heard on that you changed your mind about COVID I was disappointed. You might want to let IO know you don’t think COVID is a hoax.
I didn't know anything about this, but good on you for owning it and genuinely apologizing.
Where did you post about going to Miami?
oh god hlw mike sir  plzzzzz rply
The most important thing is to own up. You did that, Mike. Yes you'll do better! You will. We all will.
Jeez live your life man. Doesn’t matter what the comment section on YouTube says. They can make decisions for themselves. I wouldn’t apologize for anything
From frontline EMT give yourself a break you're only human we are all stressed out here and mistakes happen!
I don't know what, in detail, the way you "messed up" but it sounds like you didn't. There is still nothi g wrong with you making the most informed decisions you can. Mike is NOT responsible for anyone taking his choices in this regard and saying that he shouldn't have gone on the trip. Yes the pandemic is a threat and so is not living a little. Same level of threat. If you don't agree with that, I would assume you may not have seen what no "life" can do to someone.
Thank you for a sincere apology. My mom has been in ICU for 8 critically ill with covid. Our first thanksgiving without her. We followed all the CDC recommendations and we still could not keep her safe from the virus. I plead with everyone please wear a mask and wash your hands. Lives depend on it!
It's hard to adjust to a new reality
Why not post this on main channel? To not hurt your main channel’s algorithm? Community posts are only shown on mobile, so sharing in the main channel’s community tab is minimizing exposure. Which I feel is deliberate action given how long you’ve been on YouTube. Congrats on your scandal.
Bro I literally have people using your actions as a reason to validate their conspiracy about COVID restrictions being about control and that this isn't real. YOUR ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES. Also way to go posting this to the side channel of yours that has a fraction of the followers/reach. You were someone I looked up to. Not any more.
Wow. Didnt hear anything from you until you got caught. You’re just another Patrician class stating rules for the but not for thee. A disease that is 99.9% survivable for 90% of the population and 97% survivable for the remainder. You are a hack liar. Cloth masks don’t work and pushing for lockdowns will kill millions more, per WHO and CDC.
I don't know how anyone would think you don't take this pandemic seriously. Thanks for addressing this.  You have worked so hard to give us the most accurate info possible this whole time. You were even careful and checked with the CDC. What more could you have done? Address it, and that's what you did. So much respect man.  👍👍
Disappointing that this isn’t on your main channel.
So much respect for you Mike. We're all human, we all make mistakes. Thank you for owning up to them. Stay you.
Supporting you, Doctor Mike! You know, I can understand where this would have disappointed people. I hear them. I hear you, too. Your apology is honorable. Improvement is the best apology. I know you will work hard.
There were 13 people in the picture alone. So it was a clear violation regardless. I hope this is a clear lesson for you. Stay safe Dr. Mike.
This is the downside of fame my friend. Live and learn. ❤️
We don’t deserve any apologies. You should be  apologizing to Jesus Christ for all sins that you committed against his law. God is so full of rich mercy and Grace, he forgives people (bad people like me and you) through his son Jesus Christ’s sacrifice on the cross. True forgiveness from sin is only from Jesus Christ. Repent of your sin and trust into Jesus Christ, Mike.
Why did you post this on your smaller channel?  Seems....insincere that way.
I know people make mistakes and I appreciate the gesture to admit errors and apologise, however I can't help but feel that this whole video is only here because you got caught. Somehow I doubt you would have given it a second thought if it wasn't for all the heat you're getting online. This could have a big impact on your career and credibility so ofc you're gonna make an apology video. Genuine though? Doesn't feel like it. My view is... You're a public figure, a role model to many and a doctor! Therefore you should lead by example. I always thought you were a bit narcissistic but this was the nail in the coffin. So with or without apology, I'm still disappointed and will struggle to view your comments and "guidance" with the same eyes going forward. I'm out, unfollowed!
Respect u Dr. mike
Grace to you, Dr. Mike! This took an incredible amount of integrity and humility. Thank you for what you do and the heart with which you do it. <3
I was literally stressing so much about having a close friend over for Thanksgiving we're all super careful, quarantining... I dunno, I try not to judge but I can't say I'm not disappointed.  It's not gonna affect my behavior but this is just fodder for the conspiracy theorists.  Also probably gonna be hard to tune in in the future...
Dont beat yourself up. You needed a break and did all you can. 😊
Is this second YouTube channel for Dr Mike? ...
Can everyone just take note of what a genuine apology looks like! He admitted his fault didnt come up with an excuse and kept it simple. Didnt cry, or start some fundraiser, or speak about his own sob story to cover anything up. This 👏is 👏how 👏you👏 apologize!
You did not mess up.  You’re not the Messiah, but a young man who works hard and you hold yourself to inhuman standards. Visiting your Dad is your choice.  For me, I wouldn’t have made those choices but I’m your Mom’s age and I have health issues. Cut yourself some slack, now go cuddle the beast ‼️🐾‼️
So...when will we talk about the ignorant remarks you made on the podcast ?
You're a fake!!!!!!!
So happy that he addressed this instead of hiding from it. Mistakes were made but the importance is realizing it and learning from it.
I forgive you Mike 🥰
I have to say I’m really disappointed you didn’t post this on your main channel, kinda seems like a cop out and also surely you would’ve known going on a boat with more than 10 people without wearing a mask or social distancing (the things you’ve preached about) would cause controversy. It seems all slightly disingenuous
This is silly, almost everyone has broken a guideline at some point by now
Because of this admire you more. Stay safe Doc Mikhail.
Thanks roe this but you’re human. After 10 months I was surprised for my birthday and despite masks still got Covid with a small group. Stat at home guys
I was rooting for  u girl! :(
Jesus, you follow the guideline and calculate the risk ahead of time. Don’t be so harsh on yourself!
Thanks for keeping it real doc!
I saw something about this, and happy you’ve spoken out about it.
Very disappointed in you, Dr. Mike. I’m glad you apologized, but it’s still a shame a doctor, and an influencer, put his health and others in jeopardy just to ride a boat.
We are all humans and we all make mistakes. I love your videos!
One of the very few  apology videos I stand for!
Thank you. This kind of accoutability is rare.
So you are not allowed to live your life?  Sounds like the mob got to you.
Really appreciate you calling yourself out and accepting your mistake.
Will you be posting this on your main channel? If not seeing a retweet from someone i follow, i won't know about this other channel you have and about this apology video
I can tell how sincere you are and can only respect how you take accountability when you realize you're wrong.. although I am confused as to what you are apologizing for. I hope you're healthy and was worried that you were going to tell us you have Covid-19. I'm not sure if that's the case here. Did you post this boat trip on social media and people commented about it being dangerous?
Thank you. I have such a huge amount of respect for you and many of us have done something similar because it's exhausting being isolated and missing out on the things we love and seeing the people we love. This is just one more reason why I like coming to your channel when I have questions or someone is passing some sort of disinformation and you've addressed it here. Thank you for being a real person and for being able to say I messed up. ❤️
Really nice message. We're all human and the only way to grow is through making mistakes and learning from them.
You should not have to justify your actions to people at all. You were as safe as possible and are taking the proper precautions to prevent the exposure and spread of Covid. We support you Doc!
We stan humility and self reflection. This was a great lesson in optics and I respect you for seeing it.  Doctors are human! Give yourself grace, and we'll do the same.
Humans make mistakes but I do not see this as one of them.
Dr. Mike here is one thing I do want to say. we all mess up as humans and it's ok. what you did going to Miami and haveing fun while telling your viewers to stay home and realizing that what you did was not right to your viewers and confessing it. no everyone can do it and you got out of your comfort zone the fact that you did made me as a viewer now make sure that I don't fall on that path. thank you for realizing that was you did was not ok and we thank you for admitting that and telling us.
Deep. This kind of made me rethink my whole life.
Admitting u r human and apologizing sincerely is the right thing to do. And I support u and it may not mean much from a stranger in the comments, but at least for me u r forgiven. Be healthy and safe
In all seriousness can you share some of the science behind masks?
Um I wouldn't fly right now, but don't apologize for being outdoors.
Even if there is pandemic that doesn't mean to go on survival mode instead of living!!
I've missed births, birthday, funerals! To social distance and I see this. It makes me think why even bother... everyone is living their best life. I have to teach from my living room. Every week. Putting up a front to get these kids through this. Only leaving my home to grab essentials. You sir, are held to a higher standard and you should have done better. I'm truly disappointed. Edited* Yes I understand he admits he is wrong and explains the impact his action had.
But what he do?
Don’t make an excuse, sweet Dr Why is this not on your main channel and Instagram?
It's so thoughtful of you that you are admitting the mistake!! Please don't be hard on yourself , the one who are using you as an example they would have searched for any other if not you, they are ones who just want to blame others to fulfill their own selfish reasons.  And we love you mike!!
You are being to hard on your self
Why is it so hard for people to “Do as I say, not as I do?” It’s okay for people like Newsom, Whitmer, and Pelosi not following the very rules and regulations they put onto the American people, until they get caught. I do appreciate that Dr Mike not only took responsibility for his actions, but he stated exactly what he did wrong and why it was wrong. At least his apology is sincere.
It's gonna be a-alright
Social media is the best and the worst I'm sorry you couldn't just enjoy a day with your friends without it being a scandal. I personally don't feel let down everyone needs to still live life and have fun. I trust in you enough to have calculated your own risks. It will pass.
☀️🌈☀️
He 'believes' in masks.... Why doesn't he actually look at the science of the harm of long-term mask wearing. Japanese students die because they were forced to wear a mask while exercise in a gym class, teens that have never smoked or vaped are developing chronic lung diseases while working in grocery stores, dentists are seeing an increase in cavities in otherwise cavity free patients. How about the mental impact of mask wear by adults when they are interacting with children who learn most by seeing the person's whole face, this is also why cartoons do not actually tech infants and toddlers how to talk. There is lots of research and more coming out all the time why masks are not HEALTHY.  And Mike wants us to be HAPPY well then let's talk about the mental health impact of wearing a mask, of loosing your identity, of loosing your freedom of choice. How does that make anyone happy?
Did not saw the repercussions of your trip, but, I strongly appreciate your capacity of saying sorry. That seems rare nowadays. Thanks for your job divulgating science on youtube, I love your videos! 😄
Birthday is Once a year, you were worked hard to get where you’re at now,, I’m not gonna make you feel bad for enjoying yourself. Enjoy yourself you work too hard, i know this year was rough on you.
So you went on a boat and someone took your boat trip out of context and claimed that you weren't taking the proper precautions. That doesn't warrant an apology. I get that someone might take what you did out of context, but that's the thing, it's out of context, how could you have known?   I don't think anyone that watches you legitimately or anyone listening to the message that you provide would be swayed by this. Keep doing what you do and provide helpful content and remove the noise.
Thanks for being open and transparent with us and please continue to do so. I love your videos and your work. Thank you for being on the frontlines during these hard times. Stay safe🙃
I respect you for owning up to your mistake an I honselty wouldnt have known about it unless you had mentioned it but it still really hurts to see that
What did he do?
I’m just finding out about this through this video. I know no one is perfect but man this is disappointing 😭 Like I could understand more if it appeared to be him and a few close friends but (and I’m trying to say this without being offensive) there was a lot of people, especially women, on that boat. Young doctors deserve to have fun, sure. But this was just not a great look.
Relax. This was unnecessary
What exactly did you do wrong? What's wrong with following guidelines?
Doctor Mike the reference you posted was max of 8 people there was about 15 people on the boat.... ???
It would’ve been nice if you fully explained what you did wrong so we could learn from your mistakes too.
You made the effort to make it safe and follow protocols, so IMO the “severity” of the mistake is lessened. Although you’re in the medical field on the front line with COVID, I do believe you’re justified for this type of fun with your friends, but it’s poorly timed. All together, the fact that you accept you made a mistake and apologize for it makes it to a long way for anyone truly upset by the decision. (I’m not upset btw)
This is what’s makes you a great doctor, owning your own shi$. Bless your heart.
Thank you. This is an apology. No cast offs to others, no dodging the issues/questions.  It's hard to admit when we are wrong. And you did it well. Thanks Mike
99% of these doctor and nurse influencers need to be cancelled. This type of social media is decaying the legitimacy of healthcare workers and the struggle that they go through day in and day out.
We all make mistakes. We're only human. 💕
I love that even though you did make a mistake, you didn't brush it off and ignore it. You owned up to it. For that reason alone I will continue to follow and support you.
I feel like he was pressured into make this video. We know who he is and what he stands for. Like he said, he assessed personal risks of his trip. Would love to see him on A Convo With again.
This took such strength, and I truly appreciate your honesty and vulnerability.
Don't be too hard on yourself, Dr. Mike. You are human, we all are. None of us are perfect. I'm proud of you for taking the criticism so constructively. Improvise, adapt, overcome. Sometimes that's all that we can do. We are all a work in progress. You bring so much positivity and light to so many people's lives. I truly hope you know that, how much you brighten our days. Thank you for all of the valid, useful information, and thank you for all of the entertainment too. We love you, Dr. Mike. We always will. No matter what.
The CDC guidelines you posted in your video that you highlighted says that there should be a maximum of 10 people on the boat when there’s a picture of you and all your friends which has 15 people.
We’ve all made mistakes during this time. It is a learning process for all. You have a very stressful job and deserve forgiveness and compassion
You didn't do nearly as much as you could have to protect yourself and others in this pandemic, ESPECIALLY considering how you are supposed to be someone who advocates for these measures. This video is embarrassing, especially since you are hiding this from your main audience. Do better
We love you, Dr. Mike! ❤️❤️❤️
Don't beat yourself up. Were all human. Drama channels thrive in this stuff. I've learned a lot from you.
Thank you for your honestly and  transparency Dr Mike. This has been a tough year on everyone....give yourself a grace umbrella and keep doing what you do best, you are needed now more than ever!
This is y I love Dr Mike very relatable and everyday he proves he is like everyone of us except that he's a doctor...  we are all in this together and we all mess up
Hey doc! We still live you! Yes, might have made a mistake but who hasn’t!? Take big care of you and your loved ones and big hug to bear pup 😊
👍
Science is all over the place with if masks work or not. Then all the politicians and celebrities preaching about wearing masks are getting caught NOT wearing masks.   Y'all prove peoples point. People shouldn't be FORCED to wear a mask. It's a personal decision. A personal decision that you and many others have made.   That's the entire point here. Covid death rate is still SIGNIFICANTLY low. Most people survive. Yet, we are being forced to wear masks?   But yeah yeah you're a doctor and we should listen to you... but not the other doctors who say differently. No ignore those doctors. Silence those doctors. Censor those doctors. Oh yeah and the many studies that contradict what the media pushes out.   I'm still following you though, I like you 😁
Wearing a mask is simple. 😊
forgive yourself, it has been a very hard year as you said and like the rest of the world you wanted to have a break from so many topics, I am not justifying but it is brave that you apologize to the people and those of us who follow you know that you have sent the correct message all this year, others have no right to judge you or any other doctor. GBU🤗
We are ALL struggling to get thru this crazy hard time. Be gentle with yourself and know your BEST is good enough! ❤
You aren’t even posting this on your main channel, you’re posting it on this channel which has significantly less subscribers. Also you don’t even tweet about it, you retweet someone else’s tweet about it. And you repost someone’s story to your IG story and don’t even link to this video with a swipe up. If you were really sorry and wanted to take accountability you would do it with all of your following by posting on your main channel that has 6.5 million subscribers, and you’d make your own tweet about it and link to the video in your IG story. I am honestly so disappointed in you, you were one of the few “influencers” I thought we could count on to not do something like this.
Everything about this apology is great except that it is not on the main channel. The truth is, many people were hurt by the pictures, and even though you sound sincere and regretful for your actions, not everyone who was hurt will see this apology
I saw the photos. You were around a large group of people literally cheek to cheek sitting around in photos without masks. Yet you are pretending this was due to “water sports”. Admit you were wrong NOT only for optics but for NOT FOLLOWING GUIDELINES.
the amount of people still defending him and praising him here is more alarming that his action itself, with this mindset the pandemic would never be over, i hope everyone here defending him would get a taste of covid and let it teach you a lesson.
It’s been nearly a year of lockdown measures, I think we have all had at least a single slip in the last month or two - I think we may need that to stay sane, but to do so carefully like you did.
Cara, tem legenda em português, eu amo esse cara
I still love you!!!!. We are all feeling trapped and we can only do what we can.
'' Sometimes you win... sometimes you learn'' John C. Maxwell. I really admire the courage it took you to own the mistake itself, and accepted it. That really shows you have a humble heart and that gives you power; because you remain teachable, you aren't blaming others, you have a better perspective of the mistake and life in general, humbleness empowers you to learn and grow & gives you resilience ... My admiration and respect to you doctor, from a nurse all the way from México 🇲🇽 ❤ P. S. You have no idea of the positive impact you just made with this video!!
Tbh I was waiting for this, i was getting a bit disappointed that you didn't address it but now i understand that and the fact that these past few days were not easy for you, and to come out and admit that you were wrong has never been easy for anyone so i appreciate this
This should be on your main channel. 🤷🏼‍♀️
Doctor Mike is a man of class and courage, and this is a prime example of that.
Thank you for this genuine apology. Can you post this on your main channel?
I appreciate your apology. Although I am really disappointed of hypocrites which you clearly were. I expect more from a doctor, I am a doctor too and I didn't had any social contacts since March. So its frustrating if people say how careful they are yet they enjoy luxurious parties with a bunch of friends. I wish I wouldn't care and enjoy vacations but i am responsible and won't do that, end of story.... was still nice following you I hope you learn from your mistake and take care.
Bravo! Sincerely, thank you for owning the situation. We're all human, and your response is swift, honest . Respect👏💜🤙🇨🇦
I respect  you for doing  this. But don't be to hard on yourself.  You are human. Plus I feel there are a lot of gray lines when it comes  the whole mask in social activities . I actually  respect  you more because  of this situation  and video.
Everyone makes mistakes and that's okay because we are just human. What's important is that we recognize them, learn from them, and strive to be better.Thank you for you apology and transparency. I have so much respect for you Dr.Mike
It's ok, don't be so hard on yourself We all have said one thing and done another. You're allowed to hang out and let loose.
Thank you. But you need to post this on your main channel.
People make mistakes. Transparency is key for anyone. Those of us at home not visiting family understand the desire to assess a situation and decide if it’s worth the risk. I haven’t visited my family in a long time because a few have low immune systems... but my FaceTime app has been busy!! I’m praying this pandemic ends soon. “We wear masks and stay apart now, so that when we can come together, nobody is missing.”
guys chillll. Stop canceling people for things that u have most likely done as well. Don’t cancel someone if u are not perfect.
Wait this might be a stupid question, but I’m still gonna ask. What happened like he got covid or was he just seen without a mask?
❤️. Dr. Mike apologizing for being a human being and making mistakes.
I felt so sad when I first knew he did it. Because it’s different when a popular doctor makes mistakes that are related to medical problems and can cause a lot of bad influences, from when a non-medical person does something like that. At least I learned, from what he did, that he’s the kind of person that could break the rules when he messed up. That said I don’t hate him rather now I like him more because now I feel affinity for him in that he can also make mistakes like me
I appreciate you being honest, but at the end of the day you were the single representative of the medical world that a lot of us know. I already don't believe in restrictions and all that, an you have just proved it. You have to make out its all true and if you hadn't been caught out you wouldn't of said anything. It's an excuse to say people are using you. You just proved our point. You did a good job  as a public figure and I will still watch and enjoy your content, but as far as covid goes, nah. It's over. It's all a farce. And you are the proof.
But you didn’t follow the guidelines. Where was the social distancing? The reason why there were capacity guidelines for boats is so that y’all wouldn’t be on top of each other, so that’s a fail based on the very intimate poses in the photos. You traveled to see relatives, something Fauci discouraged. What am I missing?
Hypocrite
I Love You. I'm cancelling all my plans because I don't want to harm anyone.. Not even 1% and you taught me that. Please be kind to yourself. Lots of love and virtual hugs.
Every human makes mistakes and it is okay. We are all stressed in this time.  It is okay. Still have so much respect for you and the work that you do. Love your content. Love bear. Love you❤
It's a pandemic and 2020 has been an awful year for a lot of people. I think we've all had a lapse of judgment. I work in a clinic testing patients and believe me it happens we all can be better.
I genuinely want to believe you're sorry but when you're liking comments about how you shouldn't have to apologize it negates and invalidates your apology. It makes it seem more like a PR move than a doctor genuinely thinking about his actions. Yes, you're a human being. Yes, all human beings make mistakes. And I believe this whole cancel culture society we live in is toxic because of that. So I'm not saying you deserved to be cancelled for this. But I AM saying you don't appear genuinely sorry when your actions express that you feel you have nothing to be sorry for. And you DO have something to be sorry for. This isn't about people twisting things. This is about you supplying them with something to "twist". Nobody is saying live like a hermit and cut off the outside world. I'm immunocompromised so unfortunately I DO have to be a bit stricter in what I do or don't do. But I saw your statement on discord about you being happy for the first time in almost a year on that boat and it came off as gaslighting, like people should forgive you because you needed this. How about those of us who pretty much do have to stay indoors right now until this is more contained? How about how the actions you participated in directly affect us by prolonging the period in which we suffer? The Doctor Mike I THOUGHT I was watching would consider that. I hope you do.
props Dr. Mike...we’re all human ❤️
So he messed up so what he's only human but this cancel culture is becoming ridiculous, it seems everyday someone is getting cancelled.
All these assholes protesting BLM, going to Biden, trump rallys spreading covid, but they are picking on this guy for celebrating his birthday on a boat with his healthy non covid positive friends. Typical
No judgement Doctor Mike, we love you ❤️
I still don't think it's that big of a deal Mike partied with his friends on a private boat. He deserves a little trip away from reality to recharge his batteries after working the front lines all year. People are being way too harsh on him.
Love you Doctor Mike, but this honestly betrayed my trust in you. It’ll take sometime to earn it back.
Your being to hard on yourself my man. Theres a lot going on and you cant hold the weight of the world on your shoulders. You didnt let anyone down. Your some of the best of us and I think anyone that shows otherwise is wrong and doesnt know you. Your good bro.
I understand we’re in a pandemic but Dr. Mike it is okay to have safe fun I don’t think the apology was necessary but this world is so sensitive so.. 🤷🏽‍♀️ ya know
This why I love Dr Mike,  it’s ok we all make mistakes.  I’ll still watch your videos :)
We are humans, we make mistakes, the important thing is to learn from those mistakes and become better .
Why wouldn’t you post this to your main channel
As a doctor with such a huge platform it really hurt to see you make decisions with no real forethought about your impact. At the end of the day, you’re an influencer. And more importantly a respected influencer. It’s scary to think how many people will justify partying on a boat with a big group of friends and NOT think about their individual risk afterwards because they saw you did it and that’s not ok. Of course, give yourself grace because we obviously all do make mistakes. But also realize, you CHOSE this life and chose this responsibility.
Every single person makes mistakes, you are only human. But not everyone would admit to their mistakes or apologise, this takes a lot of courage. You are a true role model
Dr. Mike you did everything right it seems. It’s too bad people are using your trip against you. Thank you for clarifying, and apologizing. You are a man of integrity. Just respect you even more.
I’m from Miami and I wouldn’t recommend anyone go there ever, pandemic or not. 😂 Anyway, good on you for owning up to your mistakes! I ate inside a restaurant twice recently and regretted it both times. It’s not so safe out there, but it’s safer outside! Still, we gotta all follow the guidelines as best as we can and not test the waters. 🤷🏻‍♀️
Would you have apologized if this didn’t go viral? Would you bring up this incident and take ownership for your mistake if pictures weren’t leaked? Are you apologizing because you’re genuinely sorry you were hypocritical or because you got caught?
You should have posted this on your main channel
I honestly feel this is a bit over-dramatic. You looked up what you needed to do to go on a boat, which was initially to see your father (completely understandable), you were surprised by a belated birthday gift, and you enjoyed yourself a little WHILE still staying safe. You came home, quarantined, etc. No one got hurt because you knew the risks and took necessary precautions. Now if only we would ALL do that, this pandemic wouldn’t be as bad as it is. Honestly, don’t be so hard on yourself.
When I heard about the news I was so disappointed 😔
Thanks for the sorry and the "self reflection" is all well and good but it's still a slap in the face.  Doctors and politicians say "stay indoors, social distance, don't travel!" Like can we trust you or are you just trying to save face after getting caught.
Thank you for sharing and admitting your mistakes. We’re all human and this pandemic has affected so many of us in so many ways, but you have definitely helped me understand Covid-19 in a way that doesn’t create for stress and anxiety as I suffer from mental illness and this pandemic has been a nightmare for me. So just know that you are human and mistakes happen but I’m glad you own up to them. I see lots of healthcare professionals and first responders in my own community that don’t play it safe during this time
Water under the bridge. The Covid-deniers will use ANY leverage, every little straw they could get because they don't have more. It is all they have, since they lack of any real argument.  Don't beat yourself up about this. It is wht it is. You're human. You made a mistake, you admitted it, now the hard part: forgiving yourself and sticking the middle finger to the naysayers  ;)
Boy live your life
Cool of him to apologize BUT no one In here is going in pools and oceans with a mask, give him a break lol. None of you would put your mask on in the water or just after when you might go in again because it would be deemed USELESS wet.
While I’m thankful that you apologized I also can’t help but feel like you downplayed your actions - I didn’t know what you were referring to and only looked it up after I finished this and that picture of you mask-less and closely packed in with a bunch of people (at least 14 by my count in that one picture, a little over NY’s 10 person limit) who are also not wearing masks is just a lot worse than it comes off as in this video. And the one person beside you flipping off the camera really eerily reminded me of all the other young influencers who are partying and posting pictures just like that one. Again, I’m thankful for the apology but now I’m not sure if you’re really apologizing for what you did or for just being seen doing it.
Seriously...that was NOT an apology. It really wasn't. You knew the number one recommendation of the CDC is to avoid gathering like that, but you decided to disregard it and use the "if you choose to ignore these guidelines and participate, please evaluate and be aware of your risk factors" thing. Good lord...and the whole "I knew I was popular and famous so I need to be more aware of how popular and famous because my lemmings will tumble off the cliff." Honestly, this is kind of a very subtle gaslighting. It wouldn't have been wrong if your followers didn't see it, right?
It’s hard bc people only see black and white to an extent. I’m sorry you’re getting a lot of bad comments for it when likely you did everything right....unfortunately others see leaders doing certain things and don’t follow all the safety protocols the person they’re watching did. As an immune deficient scientist mother who hasn’t taken my kids anywhere in 9 months I also appreciate the apology so that you aren’t used any further to fuel bad behavior or conspiracies.
You're a DOCTOR.  A MEDICAL DOCTOR. You're also an influencer! Thank you for admitting you were wrong but I'm extremely disappointed.
Bro! You’re a doctor and you know science! Stop putting yourself down like you’re the villain! LIVE YOUR LIFE!
You made a mistake , we are all human.  And to error is human.
Thank you for being so brutally honest about your mistakes. That takes a lot of strength, and I respect that.
Next time, post this apology video on your main channel. Most of your viewer base does not know this channel exists. You have 6.49 million subscribers on your main and 53k on this one. Quite a large difference.
Everyone makes mistakes. It take a good, strong person to admit to them and apologize for their mistakes. We ❤ you Dr. Mike!!
I think there were more people on that boat than was allowed per the guidelines he showed. Also, why isn’t this on his main channel? I absolutely forgive him and am glad he owned up. But I don’t think this was the right way.
Doctor, my friend everyone make mistakes but the worst of them all it’s not learning from it , stay positive!
You made a choice and that's ok. You have the freedom to do so. No judgement here! We all make mistakes.
Honest question, if you hadn’t gotten caught, would you be here apologizing?
Boats 'N Hoes 2020 has officially come true.
Your to much humble down to Earth Personality kind of Human ,a Good Doctor.  Nobody are perfect person , sometimes we get wrong that can't expect in our self and life. We peace for this Pandimics Covid19. Always pray and God give guidance to all.
Covid is serious but people are blowing this way out of proportion!
I dont think you did anything wrong .. if you weren't allowed to go on a boat they would have the marinas closed down .. dont be so hard on yourself because of some stupid internet trolls you're doing amazing and keeping us informed dont let anyone tell you differently
Bless you and thank you for approaching the topic, I wish more people knew about this video.
You don’t “deserve” backlash for a sincere apology. The last thing we need is to perpetuate online shame culture. What you deserve is grace and another try - we’ve all screwed up and can clamber down from our high horses when we start pointing fingers. You’re a light, Doc, so keep shining!
Your human bro.  We all make mistakes.  Just remember to learn from it, in this instance and future ones.  Don't let it slow you down.  You provide a great service to us on your channel by providing accurate information about current medical events.  Just remember the good that you do greatly outways the bad.  Keep pushing and never let mistakes hold you back from achieving your goals.
love how he posted this on his less known channel instead of his main one lol congratulations you are now officially a youtube influencer
Happy 31st Birthday!!  Hahaha hahaha hahaha    .   .    .
I hate that you had to make this video. You’re the hardest critic on yourself. It must be hard to take care of people every day and then go home sleep wake up and do it again. It’s draining I could imagine. You’re not perfect, you’re holding yourself up on a pedestal and feel immense pressure to to always be good. It’s hard.
post this on the main channel please
I get it Dr. Mike. We still good. 🙏
Can't say I'm not pissed off. It was kinda hypocrite to talk about following precautions while you were partying away like you are above any one else. Really disappointed. I don't expect much, but I'm just glad you did apologise.
Naw. Unsubbed. The mask thing is whatever, but you've constantly spoken about your hospital's "charity" healthcare measures but haven't come out in clear support for Medicare For All (or governmental healthcare coverage in general).  You've said "capitalism isn't the problem", you said "marketing" was the problem, not seeming to comprehend how linked those two ideas obviously are. Or you do realize it, but deflect the issue because you're upper class and benefit from the inequalities of capitalism.  You've always been a pretty milquetoast channel anyways, no big loss.
I appreciate your candor. I appreciate that you are a public personality and have to think carefully about any actions you take being misconstrued. However, IMHO, you don't owe anyone an apology for living your life. You did nothing wrong. Yes, CV is serious, but we cannot simply lock ourselves up and wait for it to pass. CV is now part of our society. It isn't going away. Life is risky. Car wrecks, drownings, infections etc. are possible consequences of the risk of just living. I respect and will follow the rules, but I refuse to live in fear. God's blessings on you and your family.
It takes a big man to admit that you know you made a mistake, and it shows the character of the person and exactly why I watch you. Be happy and healthy and never change Doc
Why not in your bigger platform? Why here? You knew better.
Mike, you’re apology is good but this is pointless. Young health adults such as yourself have very low risk from Covid-19. The only people that should be locked down or quarantined are the elderly and people with higher risk factors. Covid-19 isn’t going away and I’m going to live my life as normal. You should too.
Dr. Mike, I'm truly sorry people are hassling you. Like you said, you're human, you made a mistake. I believe that those of us who have watched you over the years know who you are enough to know that you're being sincere. I can hear it in your voice. Don't beat yourself up over it. Self-reflect, and grow from it.
We have ALL in some form or fashion needed to decompress and say "screw covid" for a minute and go back to what things were like before covid. Its normal, but its difficult when others notice you going emotionally awol,  because you live and work out in the open and exposed to public scrutiny at all times. Keep on keeping on :)
Admitting you're wrong is great. I was really distressed and annoyed about this, but apologizing and explaining yourself is great and so it rebuilds the trust I had in you. I get it we all have a lot of covid fatigue.
I must say, if S.D would have had an apology vid like this, people wouldn’t want to cancel him. Much respect to you Doc. Been a fan since about 2018.
✌❤ You're worth more than one mistake! Keep Dr.in' on👏
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
You got a private boat........as a present........         I want your types of friends
Pewdiepie would rate this apology a 10/10. Very well spoken. Stay well Dr. Mike :)
You are such a good person, and an excellent voice for the medical community. 💜
I’m kinda lost on what he is exactly apologizing for? Going to a gathering during a pandemic and people found out or something? Like what happened?
You shouldn’t have needed to issue this apology at all.
A very well thought out apology, this may be me thinking too far into it, but perhaps posting this on the main channel to a greater audience is a good shout. Posting it here may seem like a downplaying of how much you truly care for this message as your audience here is smaller
Meanwhile I’ve gone to parties without a mask 😂
You should upload this to your main channel because most people won't see the community post.
Well said, except the mask wearing part....please look up the Research from Denmark on why the masks do not work. They did group studies. 1 big mistake like what you admitted to, is not the end of your career as a Doctor, it would take a hell of a lot more than a mere human mistake to end it all. Just be true to yourself as a person and as a Doctor. We all make mistakes of one kind or other.
No one is perfect, but you doing this shows how selfless and caring you are❤️   You still took time to weigh the risks..that’s more than many others do (if they do anything at all).   We love you❤️❤️
There. Right There.  THAT is why I like you so much. Everything you speak on, aside from the funnies you throw in here & there, is ABSOLUTELY GENUINE.  Thank You so much for being the upstanding individual that you are. To recognize and own ANY self realized oops is quite a large indication to your integrity.
Admirable and respectful. Grateful for you. Admitting when you’ve made mistakes is hard but you are a wonderful human. Thank you for your words.
Omg , he is just human just like all of us . People should more watch themselves  then others. Apology accepted 10000000% 😛
owning up to your mistake is another level! I'm so proud of you doc!
You didn’t let us down Dr. Mike! All of us would be fortunate to have a doctor like you.
While I'm not a huge fan of the whole mask policy and I think that some things are wrong. However I can appreciate someone who sticks to their morals. Instead of saying he was set up like some people do when caught without a mask, he owned up to it and stuck by his ways. Dr. Mike apologized in the correct way that every influencer and Politician should look at. Much respect Dr. Stay strong and healthy my friend
Sometimes ppl put doctor’s, influencers, and really any one of importance on a perfect pedestal, which cause us to forget that their humans too. No ones perfect, but to have the balls to admit it and learn from it............that’s about as perfect as it gets.
Doctor mike should know better, quite literally a DOCTOR. He has shown a pattern of bias against certain ethnic groups, classism, and now a disregard for a deadly pandemic that has affected so many people. His apology is synonymous with the apologizes of anyone in the spotlight who has been caught disregarding the guidelines. Fame does not equal exceptions, and impact outweighs intent.
This apology is disingenuous. You were on that boat with around 20 people, all of them without masks. So to say that you were following CDC guidelines is disingenuous. You weren’t on a jet ski getting wet. You were basically at a party without a mask. As a scientist did you somehow think that having the party on a boat on the water made it a water activity? At least actually admit what you actually did and why people are using it to undermine your message. This “apology” does the same by trying to get around guilt.
Thank you for everything Dr. Mike. Do what you feel is best. More importantly make sure YOU are happy and healthy. As we like helping people in multitude of ways, we have to remember to maintain self care as well. Any mistake you feel you've made thus far is normal. Nobody should attack you or use you for negative reasons. You are one of the many that gives the title of Doctor a good name. The fact that you are a healthy human who has such awareness over the environment around you shows how good you are. A doctor is a doctor. And you are what makes you a good doctor.
Bad doctor
You don’t have to apologize. You did research and followed the guidelines. You even quarantined. Florida is open too so we love you 😍 and you make good choices. We should trust people to make good choices too. Sanitize and wash your 🤚 🖐 everything will be better soon.
On god i think a lot of the women that were mad were more mad you were on a boat with (as my favorite angry coment i saw said) "hooter hoes" then you being maskless.   Need to give them some Xanax lollipops or something lmao.
No side stepping, no pointing, just... This.
What MDJ and ZDoggMD said. Thank you for showing it’s okay to be open and apologize. You’re an amazing person DMike.
I completely love and respect you Mike, which is why I'm gonna be real with you. I doubt you would have apologized if  it didn't go viral.
We all make mistakes but to attack him or come after his is really wrong, being a doctor he knows what precautions to take. I genuinely feel bad seeing him like this
Well done, recognizing what kind of platform and reach you have and owning up to it.  We are human, we make mistakes.  Thank you for this.  To everyone saying he should post this on his main: dude I didn't know he had a second channel until this showed up in my subscription feed, so I'm pretty sure everyone will see it.
Why is this not on your main channel where it should be? it seems a bit duplicitous that you post on a channel that doesn't even have a fraction of the viewers that your main channel has as if you're trying to hide this
I wasn't even aware of it. People need to get over themselves. Very few people have been consistently perfect at following the rules. It's been 8 months and we're human. Do your best. Make mistakes. Learn from them. Do better. Rinse and repeat.
What did you mess up???
It’s okay, you are human, humans sometimes mess things up. I’ve been following you since the beginning and I’m gonna be here even tho. You’ll get through this 💪🏼♥️. Besos from Argentina 😘
Seen this on the internet news. Hey your human! Thanks for owning up to f ups!
Bro we are all human, we can make mistakes but the most important thing is to learn and become a better person. You are still my motivation!!
Can I just say that, yes you screwed up but the ability to know that you did do something wrong , and admit it to millions of people outweighs the negativity of the situation. Thanks for being not one of those fake apology youtubers. Stay happy and healthy.
This was nicely said but I don’t understand what he is apologizing for....
What is he apologising for?? Stop being so hard on yourself. It makes me so sad. You're a human, and a hard working one helping so many people. People make mistakes, however this apology does show that you have humility and so much respect for everyone including your viewers. Stay safe.
It's okay to make mistakes, you're a human. And it takes a lot of courage to accept you're wrong. I've always admire you and that's why I'm your follower since the beginning. I love you. Keep doing better ♥️ you don't have to feel bad anymore.  Doctors are humans too.
You have to add this to your main channel Dr. Mike.
Thank you for sharing. Know that I respect you even more for being vulnerable and taking responsibility for a decision made. Just know, that you are exactly right. You ARE human. I don't doubt for a minute that you don't believe the words that you speak. You can hear the sincerity in your voice in every covid related video. Gove yourself grace. If media uses your actions as ammunition to debunking ways to stay safe during the pandemic... let them. The science is still there. You are an awesome health care professional and you are so forgiven!! Much love to you! Give yourself grace!
Honestly I’m just glad you had fun. I understand your need to apologize but don’t let it ruin the memory. Stay happy and healthy yourself.
Everyone is human at least your not the big celebrities that throw parties with 400 people and turn a blind cheek to the haters. You own up and take responsibility! That's great leadership and shows great accountability skills.
You know as a person who is Immunocompromised and a health care worker. I didn’t see the big deal in it. It was a moment of weakness. There has been many of times I have wanted to hang out with fiends and not wear a mask but i do. At work I still sit and have lunch with co workers sometimes. We are human.  We make the mistakes but this is only a big thing because he is on social media. Give the man a break. And like he also said he took a look at individual risk. He knew he was smart and followed what would be okay for him and I am myself. Which is not go out in public and only work. I know where my co workers have been and I’m okay because we follow guidelines.
I still don’t really understand what he did that was so bad?
I feel so sorry for you. I know what guilt and self consciousness does. You are an adult making much more educated decisions than most of us. You have nothing to be sorry for.
The fact that you feel bad, makes you a good human.
A lot of people are giving you a lot of support, and I'm glad, but as someone who relied on you and your videos through this pandemic to motivate myself to stay home, to convince myself not to see friends, this honestly hurt a lot.  I lost people this year who I couldn't say goodbye to. I lost opportunities and I lost friendships.  I know you're not a bad person, but I was hurt by your actions and while I'm glad you're apologizing, it takes a long time to rebuild trust.
Everyone gets to make a bone headed decision from time to time. But, hunting the good stuff here, actually checking the CDC and other authorities on current guidance is a step I can assure most people don't do. I'm in the Army and we don't even follow CDC Guidance to the letter even in a highly disciplined organization. Do push-ups, dust yourself off and move on.
Sorry.... sounds like you got caught. Rules for thee and not for me. Look at the science and we'll see you in the other side of the issue. Take care.
another day of praising cis het white men for doing the bare minimum lol
This took a lot of courage and I respect you so much to for admitting to your mistakes and taking ownership of them and promising to learn from them and that you’ll be honest and transparent. That’s huge
It's too late, you basically just show do as I say, not as I do philosophy. Smh.
Thank you Dr. Mike. Much love and prayers to you.
This right here is the exact opposite of a man-child.
gonna give you a socially distanced hug, Doctor Mike  *hug*
Respectfully I do not accept your apology. Because I don’t think you made a mistake. I respect how you feel and continue to support you. The pandemic is real and serious but we also shouldn’t have all this individual guilt for doing things while taking precautions. There are negative impacts from staying home and being isolated that are serious too. The bad guy here though is the virus, not careful people
Would you please upload this on your main channel.
It's ok, Dr. Mike.
this is very meaningful thank you
Trips are good for your mental health. As long as you take the necessary precautions and actions to stay safe, you shouldn’t be hard on yourself for taking care of your mental health.
Naw, you're apologizing to not lose viewers/get hate. Sorry bud, you missed the mark, this virus has absolutely been blown out of proportion for political gain across the world but here youve been pushing how "dangerous" it is and now are validating why you could travel while others couldn't. Ie: "I claim to have followed all protocols, tests ect, so I'm fine.......oh wait, you guys are mad because I've been pushing an agenda I'm not gonna follow myself, here, have an apology" 🙄 your stans will defend and applaud you but anyone with a brain knows what's up
Petition for this to be uploaded on his main channel pls
We all make mistakes but you owned up to your mistakes!! We need more people like you Dr.Mike!!!
HUMANS MAKE MISTAKES   But not all of them admitting that they made them. So I think your one of the good ones 😊
All of these comments are forgiving, but I guess I'll be the one to say I lost a lot of respect for Dr. Mike. He of all people from NYC should know better. If I can keep from going out without a mask, he can. 🤷‍♀️ I also think he didn't apologize until he got caught and was in the news this morning. He said this happened a few *weeks* ago? Then why not apologize right after it happened? 😕
I don’t know what you did exactly but you did what you could and no worries
Can someone tell us what did he  do ??? I am so confused
Thank you for owning up to your mistakes and being aware of your position. When I first saw you partying on a boat in the pandemic I was frustrated that you out of all people were ignoring the pandemic and being selfish. And reminder just because you're over the pandemic doesn't mean the pandemic is over!!!!
I don't know if you ever read my messages but I was worried about you, now I'm proud and I admire you more than before. ❣️. Sylvia
Apologies be like.
My heart knew there had to be a reasonable logic from your side! I'm glad there was.. it's been a tough year.. It's okay <3
why are you apologizing? it’s your life , it’s like everyone expects us to be inside all the time ++so many people go out , party , and enjoy outside activities but why do we always put such a huge blame and cancel celebrities ? literally like it’s so annoying when other people don’t get judged because they’re not famous , like y’all just find a easy prey
We’re not perfect, we make mistakes, and those mistakes helps us learn. What were not perfect at we practice to be better.
You’re admitting it because you were caught. You are a healthcare professional, fully aware of the risks and the current state of affairs, but chose that the rules don’t apply to you. This wasnt a lapse in judgement—it was obviously a planned affair. Your actions are slap in the face to all the healthcare workers risking their lives day in and day out because people like like you want to have fun.
There were more than ten people on that boat....
Deff being too hard on yourself. Thanks to you a lot of us are informed, alerted but not anxious  lol. Pls continue your work, I love it!
You say that you accept criticism but you don't. Valid, non-malicious criticisms have been deleted on both your channels. Your fans want to believe that you take covid seriously and that you realized you messed up but your own actions make it hard to do that. If you can click like on comments calling you attractive or entertaining or accepting your apology then maybe also click like on comments holding you accountable to show you don't feel above that criticism... or at least don't hide them.
Stop deleting comments & POST THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL, BROSKI! TO ALL 6.5 MIL SUBS, not here. :*
Dr. Mike, I don't think you were wrong on anything. You followed the guidelines and applied caution and common sense. As you mentioned you were safe and cautious. As you mentioned, it is a risk. Even before COVID each time we walk outside we take risks. That the pandemic is a different situation, yes. But as long as we apply common sense (something that many do not have) and be safe (follow guidelines, use our masks when we need to, etc.) we will be reducing exposure to this virus.
You do a lot. And you are being so hard on your self. I am home alone with my son. I lost my job. So did my husband but he just got call back thankfully. It’s hard. Be kind and be easy on your self. I started telling my self that as a mom as being alone a lot and without my family. Thank you did or do and what you will continue to do. We’re all in this together I forgot my point but I ended up having small thanksgiving gathering because I need my family and help and a mental break for the past 10 months I’ve  alone with my son.
Utterly shameful. You are a DOCTOR. Great look for to DO community you are always trying to legitimize. Look here patients, here is your "scientist". People will use this as an excuse to violate public health measures. What comes with tremendous privilege is equal responsibility.  You need to be a role model in your actions given MILLIONS of followers. Simply appalling. Thanks for fuelling anti-maskers, ant-science, and yet again, showing you believe you should be held to a different standard.
"I messed up...I need to do better" Very few takes the accountability for their mistakes. Respect!!!
So your risk level was okay? What about everyone else? Yes, what you did was wrong and a major screw up!!! I have Covid after following all protocols working in the medical field!  And there you go as a doctor screwing up!
I’m honestly not sure how to feel. I saw the pictures earlier this week and felt gutted. We’ve leaned on you to help be a stable public medical figure during this pandemic. People respected your medical opinion, and then you went and did that? You went to Miami. And partied in a boat with hot girls. During a pandemic. I just expect so, so, so much more.
Y'all cancel him? (Idgaf I still love him!)
Did someone snap a pic of you on the boat or something doctor?  I’m not let down... would have been let down if I saw you wearing a mask in your car, by yourself, while driving down the interstate. (I’ve seen that multiple times) Covid is dangerous, but people have taken it to an OCD type level: and I say that as someone who has a spouse with OCD.   We gotta be careful, but at the same time we have to be logical.
Thank you 🙏
thanks, Dr. Mike. if it helps, your head looks normal-sized
Making a mistake means you're human. Admitting fault and being apologetic makes you a better one.
Most girls in the pic look Colombian. If you know you know
Awww dr mikes first apology video ❤️🖕
Pretty disappointed you didnt post this on your main channel...for your 7mil followers...
People need to chill the hell out on the internet man
Your friends are idiots for even planning something like this. Me and my friends canceled vacations this year even though we thought about ways to be safe. I’m not a public figure and even I realized it wasn’t worth the risk.
Doctor Mike, it’s okay to take a break sometimes. You are saving lives everyday and not wearing a mask for a little bit is okay. You are human too. You haven’t done anything wrong.
Dr. Mike we’re all human and I’m sure even though you feel like you were untrue to your beliefs I’m sure you were 99% better than others that travel - we’re all in this together - thanks for the honesty - stay safe 👍🏻
I can see why you wanted to apologize— bc of the mixed messaging. & yes, you should practice what you preach.   Moving forward, I think you should adapt your messaging about covid. covid is serious, but we still need to live our lives. Particularly now in such a high-stress time where everyone is on edge and needs a break from all the chaos.   You made a decision based on facts & information you found based on the situation. I say incorporate that into your future videos about covid.
Wow ok delete my comments, to bad you cant clear your conscious as fast as you delete comments
chile anyway so
I can see why you wanted to apologize— bc of the mixed messaging. & yes, you should practice what you preach.   Moving forward, I think you should adapt your messaging about covid. covid is serious, but we still need to live our lives. Particularly now in such a high-stress time where everyone is on edge and needs a break from all the chaos.   You made a decision based on facts & information you found based on the situation. I say incorporate that into your future videos about covid.
We’re all human and we’re all tired of this pandemic. He messed up just like everyone else has. I doubt anyones been perfect throughout all this.
I love how Dr. Mike is a true, genuine person. He cares. He’s humble. He doesn’t have the God complex and doesn’t make his career his whole personality. He’s a human being outside of his profession. You are so loved and we know you as a person will do better and continue to be an amazing role model. Funny how the tiktok stars and celebrities who party still are getting support and people back them up but when it’s smaller personnel they get hella hate.
Honestly I kind of think this is ridiculous. I understand that you need to be cautious but life is filled with many unexpected outcomes and the reality is you can still get infected no matter how safe you are. The bottom line of this is to be safe but don't be afraid to live your life.
God forbid a doctor do anything human. HEALTHCARE WORKERS ARE PEOPLE TOO! We need to do things for our mental health too. With everything we do and see we need to have fun and relax. It is how we keep from becoming jaded. I wish people were not so rough on you with this. I really wish people didn't expect healthcare workers to do nothing but work and go home and then back to work. Sending you my support, from one healthcare worker to another. 💕
Merry Christmas  :))
You're one of the best humans i've seen
at least you apologised. if people want to use your mistake to inflict damage and drama, this video can prevent that. I'm just speechless from how you seriously took this, and you taught me about the impact of our actions towards society. Thanks, Mike.
Over the last 8 months everyone has cut corners in someway, as far as quarantining. Whether it be grabbing lunch with a friend or not exactly wearing a mask every time you're outside of your house. Most of us are exhausted with this whole thing, wondering when it's going to end and are just doing the best we can. Be safe and take care.
Awe, Dr. Mike, you're human and all humans make mistakes. Nobody is perfect and I know you are a real genuine guy who does his best to inform the community. When I saw all the hate comments circulating I definitely was angry at those saying such hurtful things about you. I just couldn't back the mindset that just because you are a public figure equates to you not being allowed to do no wrong. That's not reasonable, nobody is perfect.
I have been watching you ever since you created your channel & you have always been the most humble, down to earth & honest with your viewers. We will always be supportive of you for that reason ❤
Very convenient isn't it? Have fun and deal with it later. Love you man but this is such a hypocrisy. For me you fucked up with that video not with what you did.
Mike, people will always be happy to adore you for succeeding, but there are plenty who are happier to jeer at you for failing.   Thanks for always sharing with us your human side and for always striving for better!
That looked like a dope party tho
Virtuous message but... I’m not sure if you can take responsibility for others who misinterpret your actions. You did more than enough research to ensure the safety of your party. Being a public figure means you’ll be scrutinized more harshly... but there’s no amount of caution that you can take that will eliminate bad actors from acting badly.
I think it is quite evident that you have put more good into the world, than harm. We ALL make mistakes. This took courage, and ill just speak for myself, I am glad you approached this with dignity and accountability. Let this be a a lesson to US ALL. Not you alone. We are all in this together.
I saw a video criticizing you and it made me mad because they were not someone who regularly watches you or knows what you are like, so I made sure to back you up in the comments. You coming out and admitting you’re wrong further proves that you are a great person.
This is how you do a proper apology...not playing the victim but making it known that you’ve self reflected and realized your mistakes..thank you for making this instead of giving us the silent treatment because now you have addressed it🙏🏼
I feel that an apology isn't needed. If others need it, I understand. I know you meant no harm. I love your content and appreciate you.
Don’t talk about mask being politicized as YOU politicize mask
Great acknowledgement of your mistake. We are all human, and we do make mistakes. I’ve been working since March as a floor RN and charge RN on a dedicated COVID unit at a hospital, and despite everything we see, some of us slip here and there for a taste of normalcy. The desire to get out and live as we did during pre-COVID times is understandable. It must be difficult to be held to a far higher standard, but that’s the price you pay for being so visible in the public sphere and influencing day-to-day behaviors of so many people during this crucial time in our history. I hope the 6 million subscribers on your other channel who aren’t subscribed to this one get a chance to see this video, because it’s an important one.
We all make mistakes. Unfortunately yours was widely seen. And not with the full story either. And a lot of the time people only see what they want.  But thank you for being open and admitting it. We’re all human. No judgement. We have all done something during this that we probably shouldn’t have and only really recognized after the fact. But that’s how we grow as people.   Much love.
Dear Dr. Mike, can you do a video about why doctors, nurses, CNAs, and other healthcare workers like smoking cigs? As a CNA, I just want to try to understand my healthcare co-workers.
I'm crying right now😔, I will support you, Doctor Mike I know you can get up to your mistakes.💗 love and support💗
You are amazing and never forget it. Thank you for everything you do especially informing us with this pandemic. I work as MA in a family practice clinic, I especially I swab patients for COVID, and seen patients that I know for a year that worked with, got it and passed away from this. I seen it with my own eyes. We need to keep up with the faith that we will get through this together! We need to wear masks, keep up with the news, stay away from big crowds, etc. Please let’s work together so we can go back to normal again. Sending all of my love to everyone and stay safe  ♥️
Well, it's good you're apologizing and yours comes across as genuine. But you're right, the optics are bad. Just like the Governor of CA violating the guidelines he made, twice, once with a meeting with a Medical Board. Just imbalanced "church bad, protest good." I know you covered the protest risk fairly before.  But honestly, actions speak louder than words. The biggest proponents of the restrictions are consistently some of the biggest violators. Is bringing up the rampant hypocrisy a "conspiracy theory" or just an offering of evidence?
please someone tell me what happened : )
Masks don’t work I’ll say it for you 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
I wouldn't want my family doctor to be partying in miami before treating me.. long time fan but boating with miami hookers in the middle of a pandemic is irresponsible. sorry you did it or sorry you got caught?
Dr. Mike if you didn’t mess up, we wouldn’t know you’re a real person like the rest of us. ❤️ Don’t be so hard on yourself 😉 You truly are wonderful role model. Saludos desde Texas.
do as I say, not as I do. it is what it is man.
Thank you for taking accountability, you’re spreading great knowledge that people need to know about ☺️ we forgive you, we all make mistakes.
We’re all human ❤️
I was waiting for this video, I knew he would release a statement. Maybe some people are taken aback or become angry by the pic. Myself, living in a different country, I understand that guidelines, protocols, and procedures may vary, and that informed people usually have a more calculated and informed approach to risky situations. I didn't even see the pic, I just got news notifications about it. I would just say be careful, whatever you do will be amplified because of your public exposure. Cheer up and keep up the good work!
Hes a grown man who is a doctor, why is everyone praising for admitting to a mistake? Like cool hold him to the same standards as a kindergartner
❤
I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for this, because is SO easy to say "oh I did well by me I don't care what other people think" "if they want to say whatever about my personal decision is their problem" but the fact that you are taking responsibility in knowing that for many people you are an example, is just huge! The fact that you apologies makes all the difference, this why I respect you so much, it takes a really humble and noble soul  to be this honest ♥️
Wait for real tho how did you mess up? Even I, a person with asma, do not fault you for hanging out with your friends and family. You said that you did so in a safe manner taking all precautions. Covid is serious and all but is not the plague, you don't have to live as if its hauting you everywhere you go, wating to strike you down around the corner. The idiots who are using your hang out as an excuse to say covid is fake are just as bad as the ones constantly saying that the end is nigh and that we need to lockdown til 2022. There is a healthy middle ground here. You can live a normal social life while covid is around, do not torture yourself just because you had fun in a careful way and if you new the people around you weren't sick then mask were unnecessary since like you have said before, they stop you from spreding it, not from getting it. Cheer up Dr. Mike, you derserve to live a normal life like the rest of us and you were not at all careless for going out with your family in a safe way.
Don't apologize please, just keep doing what you are doing. Not necessary, I think what you do in your life is irrelevant. 💚 your content
I admire you so much for admitting your mistakes!!  And have so much more respect for you!! :)
Dr mike, you are allowed to slip up. You are human, and this pandemic has been going on for almost a year. It’s okay to have a moment of fun and follow the guidelines given. Your true fans understand what you are going through. I am a phlebotomist and just doing this is hard during the pandemic let alone what I bet being a doctor is like at this time. Keep your head up. I’m sorry if this doesn’t make any sense, I’m tired and have 2 under 2 haha. But anyway, your true fans love you for you and understand.
Honestly when I saw the pics I was really disappointed.
He gon make me cry      But i forgive him  He aint do it for bad reasons so  I cant blame him  He is a good guy  Yea he messed up  But he is at least strong enough to say that  Since i cant really say when i mess up He is a big inspiración to me.    Like i and many other people i Forgive you.
I always get so nervous when youtubers post these videos like "we need to talk" it's like going to the principles office and you have no clue what going to happen. Anyways thanks for always trying to make a positive impact on the world.
You should still live and try to enjoy what you can. Personally I think by what you shared , you took safety precautions.  It's not like your careless. Stay well. Enjoy life!
Self-reflection and self-awareness with the spine to look himself in the mirror and admit his faults is a 1% ability in this world. Respect. And most of us here are hypocrites because we follow this man, watch every video and act considerate in the comments yet take very little from what he teach us because of one stupid reason: the whole "I'm not like that", "That won't happen to me" bullshit mentality.
Can your friend help me pay off my student loans instead next time I promise it'll be socially distanced
can someone explain to me what the problem was?  I really don't get it
Hang in there, Doctor Mike. Love your videos.
I understand .. when me and all of my friends get each other private boats for each other’s birthdays..... hard to say no.
these comments are sus
heart hands to you, Doctor Mike.
Please talk to me
If you think it was a mistake why are you "hearting" comments that say you did nothing wrong and don't need to apologize? It's all a bit contradictory. Hope this comment stays :)
It's ok to make mistakes! What is important is to have courage to say "I'm sorry" and that you have done! Be in piece Doc! Hugs from Brazil
I can accept this apology, even though I'm still very disappointed. You're always referring back to the CDC and WHO for guidelines but they've been so wrong ever since the beginning, WHO didn't wanna restrict flights and failed to call it a pandemic for the longest time while defending China, and CDC U.S. Surgeon General Jerome Adams even said don't buy masks.
Always clear, self-critical and humble🎈 thank you Dr. Mike
Dear Dr. Mike,  That was the most heartfelt speech I've ever heard. I nearly cried while watching you nearly cry because I'm such a sensitive person. I understand what its like to loose friends because of something I did because every time I tried to make new friends, because of some of my special quirks I sometimes actually push people away. From the moment that I heard about your Birthday drama I didn't want to judge you right away because I knew that you just wanted to have a little fun on you Birthday. Plus, on November 11th it was my 20th Birthday and I didn't really have any plans for my Birthday either, but some of my dorm room buddies surprised me with a surprise Birthday party with balloons, cake, and some other fun stuff while we were wearing masks and social distancing. We got in trouble too because we woke up the RA because it was 24/7 "quiet hours" because of college finals and we were being a bit too loud. I was embarrassed because I really hate getting into trouble and I felt the sting of disobedience in my heart.  Also, when I heard about this drama getting out of hand I just wanted to support you because I knew that everyone is not perfect, and I also knew the logical perspective about water parties. It made me so upset to see other people making bad comments about you because it was just one mistake, and people were not just letting it go after a few days.  This is my opinion: I understand that you make a mistake, but I don't think that it was entirely your fault. Someone posted those posts which got misinterpreted, which caused everyone else to get frisky about it. Also, you were following all the rules/procedures. Plus, you were just having your prescribed "play" (you mentioned in one of your videos). This year has been hard on all of us and we deserve a few moments of play to help us with with our mental and physical health. Plus, even doctors need to take care of their mental heath, so that they can better serve their patients (just like you said in one of your game review videos).  I love your videos and I'll keep on watching them because I love how you explain complex medical concepts and make them simple enough for most people to understand. Please keep on making more videos and never give up.  P.S: Say Hi to Roxy and Bear for me, and please can you respond to me via email, text, the comments section, or by writing me a letter. I am pretty lonely because I don't have very many friends, so do you want to be my friend? Plus, I'm on the Autism Spectrum (PDD-NOS), and ever since I was 8 years old I have been really anxious of paramedics, hospitals, and hospital staff in their scrubs because of a very traumatic horse accident during the Spring Break of 2009.  Sincerely, Angelina Lenz
"Women and men of the CDC" we love a feminist  ally king! 👑 ❤️
As you say we are human and we make mistakes but the important thing is to admit and apologize when we make it. You make me love you more and more stay safe ❤️❤️❤️❤️🥰🥰🥰🥰
Lol. “We met Miami guidelines so we were good”
I’ve made mistakes during this too...I’ve said “stay safe everyone” in the comments multiple times throughout this, but I’ve gone places I shouldn’t have and done things I shouldn’t have.  I appreciate you addressing this, and while I think the party was a mistake, you didn’t deserve the hate you got for it.  None of us are perfect ❤️.
Thanks for putting this up. Sorry your leisure and calculated risk were used against legitimate science/medicine. The apology means a lot. As a young leader I have been extra cautious on everything knowing that COVID19 deniers will use it against the legitimacy of guidelines and regulations.
I appreciate your video for what it is, but please understand that those that wish to use you for nefarious purposes are going to be nefarious regardless of your intentions or this video. People get taken out of context all the time. You did everything right, so for those who will look into context will understand these things. I think I can speak for a vast majority of the community in saying that we love and support you, especially in these trying times.
he can choke
Is this your real channel?  And bruhhh it's okay 💛 It takes courage to admit it❤💪
I do appreciate you addressing this. We’re all human, and we all mess up. But please post this on your main channel where you have a vastly larger audience.
You are a human and it’s ok. As a super popular and likable figure people will always try and tear you down.
You being you with extra humility and honesty is the best topping to a cookies and cream milkshake. Thank you for admitting. Now continue to take care of yourself Doctor!
I’m confused... what exactly did he do wrong? Is he just apologizing for going out without a mask around a group of people? I mean no disrespect, just wanna make sure I understand what he’s talking about
Post this on your main YouTube channel, don't be a sneaky coward.
You didn't have to do this Doc, you didn't let anyone down.
I had to google WTF cuz I was lost on what you were apologizing for.  I don't see it as a huge deal. 9/10 u have been in a mask so one incident shouldn't outweigh the rest... However it did appear to be alot of people on that boat so not the best decision.  And for all the haters, u don't know that he isn't gonna post elsewhere. For eff sake cut the man some slack, he is still better than most humans in the US.
HE IS DELETING COMMENTS!
After seeing the video, and reading the comments I want to say thank you. Thank you for owning up to what you did. You are in a position most of us wouldn't recognize or even know how to operate in. And the fact you did state an apology speaks wonders about who you are. You are a welcomed source of information in a time where that's sadly scarce. Where people believe facts follow what they want to believe instead of the other way around. But because you are in that position where you provide information, we do think that you should always keep your nose clean, and that in my eyes is wrong. it falls on us to still remember you are human. You can make mistakes and are allowed to. We should not judge your actions based on what you have said throughout this crazy time. You knew what you did and own up to it. We can't ask for anything more. Time heals and we all grow. We need to forgive especially in this time where everyone is at each other's throats.  So all in all, good on you. Keep moving forward.
Dr. Mike, we are humans and we are not perfect.  We make mistakes, but what we can do is learn from them.  No worries.
Funny to see this today, right after having realized similar mistakes of myself...
Love you Dr.Mike❤
This is why there are people who do not trust politicians or scientists about Covid.  These are allegedly responsible individuals who preach one thing and do another.  Actions speak louder than words doctor.
Dr. MIke, thank you for being honest and being a great support for others throughout this pandemic! Stay healthy and strong everyone!
My guy, you're a human. You're allowed to have fun. I'm sorry that you're recieving backlash for this. Everything in moderation. You don't make a habit of it. I know you feel sorry, but I think the majority of your audience understand.
I don’t see the big deal. He didn’t go out to some party. If you take the correct precautions and limit the time spent out I see no harm in once going out while being safe
After so many months of this self isolation  , and working hard to keep ppl safe , I don’t think ppl blame you for this, you’re too hard on yourself. Like yes weigh the risks and determine if it’s safe but like there are people who do worse having parties of 100 of people , when u were just on boat of less than 10 ppl. Doing all the protocols. I think we’re all tired and need a break
It seems like your only mistake was not considering the optics. People are so quick to judge others without all the information. You are about the only person I trust to get my covid information from and you will continue to be that person. Thank you for always being a voice of reason in these crazy times.
Don't be hard on yourself Mike! Its a fake pandemic, cloth masks don't work. CDC and WHO says masks don't work so don't worry there either! I'm not attacking them.
Of course you're forgiven for making a mistake!  Can you answer a question for me in a future video?  How do they test the vaccines and get the numbers for how effective it is?   What does 90% effectiveness mean?  Does it mean that it will only benefit 90% of the population or that individually it will reduce symptoms by 90%?  You're a great doctor and you explain things well.  Thank you.
Hey we all make mistakes and you have made a very very genuine reflection and thorough apology. I think that was the professional way to handle this. We love you Dr. Mike.
thank you for owning that and being proactive by offering an apology...that kind of attitude makes me want to trust you more
Notice how this video was posted on a clips channel with only 50k subs rather than his channel with 7 million
Leave yourself alone. You are human. Stop picking on a nice guy with a great heart. It’s not like you purposely hurt someone.   Look at it this way. How do you look at other people who make mistakes? Why do you deserve less? You are not inferior to others. No one is
I appreciate your apology and that we make mistakes, but please post this on your main channel as well. Don’t come this far only to duck out at the last moment. Edit: I see that it’s tagged in your community post on your main channel, but I still feel like it needs to be uploaded on that channel to, if nothing else but for people to see that we can make mistakes and grow from it
This man deserves the love and respect he have now, because simply, admitting your mistake takes a lot of courage 💪🏼😊 Respect!
Despite the unlikely hood that this comment getting seen, I just wanted to say that admitting your own mistake takes a lot, and you have my deepest respect. Please do not be disheartened by people with negative comments, because like you, they make mistakes too. You followed the guidelines and that's all that mattered. I know you will strive to be better and I wish you all the best, Doctor Mike! Beewoop!
This apology means nothing unless it’s on your main channel. Fishy that’s it’s only here
Do as I say, not as I do, because after all, I’m better than you.  Mayor of Denver tells people to stay home and isolate at Thanksgiving yet flys home to see his relatives, Gavin Newsom tells Californians the same yet was caught indoors and maskless at a restaurant with TWENTY friends, Cuomo lets it slip that his mom and two of his daughters were coming for the holiday though he mandated for others to isolate and stay home.  We should forgive mistakes because we all make them.  It is hypocrisy when our leaders and those in powerful positions hold us to standards they do not keep for themselves.  It is insulting to people’s intelligence and makes us feel like lemmings.
Much respect, Doctor Mike.
Yeah you fucked up even weighing the options I am not hurting anybody, of course you do you are an influencer and you have a wide public. You are hurting your integrity and of course you apologize in this video but still, one apology isn't enough however harsh this may sound. You know fully well how dangerous this disease can be why take such risks. You made a mistake, you gave a bad example, think about your actions and repent.   We have an example of something similar in the Netherlands in which our minister overseeing covid-19 rules broke the sacred no distancing rule when he threw a wedding party, and even hugged his mother. Before the whole party he scolded everybody for not following the rules, afterwards people won't take him seriously anymore on anything he says.   However well you meant it this will hurt you for some time, and even though it was a surprise you should have declined. Still I wish you the best and hope you will set a great example in the future, you are only human.
Thank you for this
We hold cebiberties too high of regard and too high of expectations. I applaud if you want to handle that differently in the future. But you cannot allow those to critical to control your life. Its flat out manipulation. So make the choice for you. Not how people with questionable opinions and motivates react.
Good video dr mike! People make mistakes!
Totally off topic... but where'd you get your wall art Doc?
We will continue to support and Love you because we respect you as a Human Being. A human being who learns from his mistakes and is accountable for them. Love you Mike. Will always do so....
And this is why I am a loyal follower. ❤️🙏🏼
Swedish people don’t wear masks! Just saying! WHO also reported on the inefficacy of masks!
So you are apologizing for doing research, following the rules, enjoying your vacation time in a fun yet safe way, but because people dont follow the rules and use your responsible approach in an irresponsible way you somehow messed up?  We are really being told to believe that freedom is evil, this is a scary time to be alive.
mike you are HUMAN. I appreciate you.
You are a true hero. The strong ones would always admit their mistakes. Thanks for all the educational material you teaching us it has help me alot.
Kind of a cop out to not post this on your main channel
I’m confused what you made a mistake on
You are human, and some people are unforgiving and are looking for faults in others to prove their points. I accept your apology, yet I do not feel that one should  not have been necessary.  You followed all the guidelines, and those who said those things about you,  will just continue to do so no  matter what you say.. Those who trust and believe in you, I like to believe, thought better and that you would have looked into all the needed information to go on that boat. Haters will be Haters.  To the haters all I have to say is this 😝, yes my mask was down then I did that. LOL
Post this on your main channel, link it on your Instagram!!! If you want to protect the science, be willing to let your image suffer by posting this on your main channel.
Everyone wants normalcy.. you included.. I have been watching you since before this pandemic and I will continue to support you! While you are a doctor you said it, YOU ARE HUMAN! You’re doing amazing, thank you for all the care you’ve provided to hundreds of people during this pandemic and before! Keep your head up! Sending lots of love your way! 💙
This should be on ur main channel. Don’t play ur subs
It’s okay! All you did was make a mistake. And the only thing you can do with that mistake, is to learn from it and help improve yourself. Thanks for your humble and honest apology I certainly do accept it 🤗
Man, I have been using your videos to educate many people, your actions were disappointing man
Do Not give any explanation, do you know why? People attack you, are stupid. Science is science (the international system is indisputable) and covid exist. Your private life is a different story that we do not need to know. Paparazzi exist and are a tumor. Go ahead my friend and continue to promote vaccine, mask and medical information.
Dr Mike you're a bigger man than I could ever be and to be able to admit something like this to such a large fan base takes so much courage.I don't think it's wrong for you to want to see family and to live life just because you're a doctor but I do understand where you're coming from that you're social impact is much greater than the average person.I still respect you as one of the best resources that I have possible and available to me for covid 19, and I really hope that you can get yourself out of this rut because I really love the person that you are and what you represent!
It’s okay we all make mistakes thank you for all you do and continue to do! Stay happy and healthy!
I think this should be posted on ur main channel
Can someone update me? What happened? I never realised mistakes from him 🤔
I like Dr. Mike however, I will not accept this apology.  Telling others to quarantine and wear masks while flying to Miami yacht parties is not only irresponsible but completely insulting.  Let me make myself clear before the fans attack, it is not the party and lack of mask wearing I have a problem with it is the hypocrisy that I have an issue with.  Do not preach about safety and lockdowns when you are doing the exact opposite... it is elitist and patronizing.
I saw the new broken on various media sites about this issue and was kind of worried about the backlash, I also was concerned seeing an apology video what might be said.... but honestly, this was wonderful. You helped us understand the risk assessment steps you took, you explained why you made the choices you did in the end, and also, you explained why you where sorry. Honestly, I believe all humans are designed to make mistakes. It’s how you handle that in the end that matters. With all these eyes on you the pressure must be heavy, but you’ve handled everything it with Grace... your apology included. Thank you for making this video, and thank you for your amazing reflection here. ❤️
It's ok, buddy. At least you're honest and serious unlike California's governor who looked like he was about to laugh when he was apologizing.
Omg. Cancel culture....you’re all so pathetic.
Why is this on ur side page? You preach to everyone about covid on ur main lol
Anyone know where I can find the wall art in the background?
Forgive yourself, you are not perfect. Show yourself grace and patience as you're learning on your journey Thanks for all you do!
Didn’t know of this situation until watching the video. Did he follow the guidelines? Yes! So then what is the issue? Some people deep stuff when there’s no need. Yes he’s been trying to send out a message this whole time to people to stay safe, etc but he also has his own life besides social media and being a doctor. As a healthcare professional you’re taught to only provide evidence based practice, which you may not always 100% agree with but if you say something that deviates from it you risk losing your medical licence. What I’m saying is behind our social roles there is a human being who has its own values and beliefs. So if Mike felt it was safe to go on this private boat that his fiends had so kindly organised then it is none of anyone’s business. I’m assuming that at the time it was posted about on social media but these platforms are about sharing things not putting things up for people to weigh their opinion in on. Instead these social media platforms are like digital versions of a photo album. So if you was to share your photo album with anyone would they sit there next to you and form ugly opinions? Most probably not! So why does everything always get so scrutinised on different platforms? There are much bigger problems out there! There are people who are actually breaking laws and doing other horrible things, some of you are investing your time in the wrong area, go do something productive instead.
Hey, so I’m also someone who has also struggled with staying isolated and without doing many of the things I enjoy. I’ve had a couple slip ups of going out a couple of times to do things that weren’t necessary. Just remember that this one instance of less than great behavior doesn’t define who you are, and it is still greatly outshined by the good that you give back to the world. Thank you for your honesty, and keep your head up, we’ll all get through this together.
Easy dude. You didn't do anything awful..  minor infraction at worst and your contributions far outweigh it..  Good job owning it but don't let the evil jerks bring you down or make you go too far..  :)
Stay up Dr. Mike! You're only human and you can make mistakes! Do what you gotta do to stay happy!
need to know the artist / where you got those paintings
I dont even know what he's apologize g for. Because he went to Miami? Because he went on a boat with friends that was safely under capacity? Just because he travelled at all? Did he not wear a mask? Some clarification would be great. As of right now I don't see a need for him to apologize for anything. What full story did I miss?
I am a loyal viewer, and I appreciate your apology. I was disappointed when I saw the maskless photo because it seemed like you suddenly were not taking the situation seriously, while case numbers increase. Also, I felt concerned about it undermining the message and your credibility. As a high risk person, I often feel like I have to justify my concerns to other people who resist the guidelines.   We all make mistakes, though. Thanks for taking responsibility and coming clean publicly. I knew we would be hearing from you about this soon because you face stuff head-on. Thanks for that. Still a supporter, Dr. Mike.
"My friends surprised me".......I dont think you know how surprises work since you are claiming that everyone got tested beforehand.
It’s nice to see people actually admitting when they’re wrong, especially a public figure. There’s nothing bad about being wrong, but it’s bad if we don’t learn from that mistake and accept that we made it. 💕
You are human like the rest of us, so you are allowed to make mistakes, without getting burned at the stake for it. You did the best you could by checking the guidelines and trying to weigh the risks and that is pretty much all that you can do, this disease is very new still and there is still very much, that we dont know, so mistakes will be made along the way, all we can hope is that, we will find a way to beat it and the only way to do that is to work together across nations, with sharing knowledge and information, so that everyone in the end will be safe.  Stay safe and healthy to everyone and to you dr. Mike. You are as always an awesome dude and I forgive you.
Mike, you are an influencer but human.    Owned it.  Move on.   Stay healthy.  💛💚💙💜
To everyone saying that he should post this on his main channel, he made a community post using his main channel broadcasting this video, greatly increasing his audience. Also, this is a 5 minute video and this channel was made for short “clips” like this. And it’s only been 3 hours, wait to see if he’s going to post it elsewhere.
Love 💘  you for you an all Dr's  an nurse 😘 for what you are going to you are human ❤  dont worry  love you keep going
You should not apologize NEVER, and less to those who think that they don'tdo anything wrong or are quick to show somebody's flaw. People do mistakes, nobody is perfect, our mistakes and learning from them makes us what we are.
Dr. Mike, everyone makes mistakes.  Thank you for extending your apologies. Hear in your voice your sorrows. Thank you 🌹
This is a real apology no crying just facts and to the point
i hate that we live in a world that we have to apologize for everything! youtubers are not are friends, parents..  we dont have the right to get mad at them! when jenna marbles and dr mike are apologizing... this is fu*ked up time to live in. this is why our kids are messed up and cant handle their emotions.
Sometimes it’s good to see someone you look up to make mistakes too. Makes you more human, we still appreciate you ❤️
I didn't know if it was true or not, but I think we all know that you are far from the only one that did/is doing that. You, although, are one of the few people who will own up to and apologize for it. Thank you c:
You talked yourself into it instead of talking yourself out of it. That's very human. Of course, as a public figure, you're expected to be superhuman. Don't be so hard on yourself, but all the same do listen to your own good judgment. If you didn't possess it, I wouldn't be here listening to you! We were with you before this and many of us will stick with you moving forward from this. Stay safe and stay strong, Dr. Mike.
Appreciate the honesty. This is why I have no desire to be famous. We all mess up but it’s worse when you’re a public figure.
See what you've done @Medbros? Shame on you for shaming Dr. Mike- I hope none of you get a surprise party. Lol
Why’d you post this on your clip channel with only 50K subs???
As a fellow healthcare frontline worker... We are all ONLY HUMAN.
I dont have a clue on whats gonna on here but ima act like i do
You would never have admitted it if you hadn't been exposed first.
I was disappointed by your actions because I have always (and even now) respect your ethics, profession and your heart. The knowledge about safety during COVID you shared is still with me and I am thankful for that. I believe people can change but only when they own up to their mistakes and put in efforts. I trust you will do better.
You did nothing wrong
Jesus Dr. Mike is apologizing for being a young man who wanted to celebrate his birthday in a safe low risk manner, like what?!? I don’t see why people would construe this in another way? But dang you can tell he really is beating him self up about it :/
🤍 love ya dr Mike
Dr Mike, I really like you, but your weakness for the lure of Miami partying was evident. It did harm your message. I'm glad you came out here.
thanks for owning up to it.
I was waiting for this...I feel some sort of relieve since it is highly important to clarify that, even though, we all make mistakes, what really is important is to try to fix them... Honesty is the best policy when you don't have any other way to solve an issue... Thank you Dr. M.
I really int see what he did wrong. We should be allowed to take calculated risks without being vilified. Life is worth living even with a pandemic.
This should definitely be on your main channel! I didnt hear about the "boat scandal", but really appreciate the fact that you addressed this so responsibly!
Wait what is he apologizing for?
A rich establishment Liberal hypocrite. How unusual.
Good on you for evaluating and evolving. I'll still support you.
Not everyone is perfect, we’re only human. You do the best you can and we all appreciate everything you give us on your channel
Thank you for this. I am truly amazed at you because everyone makes mistakes, and most people wouldn't even admit to being wrong. And also I really didn't want to have to hate you. So thank you for being an amazing person and just know that we will always be here for you because at the end of the day you are human just like the rest of us.
If you responded in any other way, or simply didn't respond at all, if have basically been disappointed and said that you're not "a real New Yorker".  From another NYer, thanks for this message. Live up to it and we're good.  In the words of the Mandalorian, "this is the way".  If nothing else, hopefully we can show others how how to do it right. Whether "it" is acknowledging mistakes, saving lives, or respecting our neighbors. Thanks for being you.
That a great u being honest if u did mistake but we still love you and always protect guideness that god is always be there for u to cover... and only things ur a human no man perfect it’s happen mistake.. but ur doing best to all u do ur job. Of about rules. But we proud of this ur video vibes to love you 😍 always  Doctor mike ur the  best world ever  I seen ur vlog .
Thank you for addressing this. Wish you all the best 🙏🏻
Dr. Mike you've been one of the few people that I've trusted during this pandemic. My mother works in the COVID unit and has quite literally had to pile bodies of COVID patients into refrigerated trailers. Not many people stressed the seriousness of this pandemic publically, but you consistently did. You're human and therefore not perfect. But I will admit that this situation was disappointing for me. It felt like I lost someone who actually was advocating to help keep my mom and her coworkers safe. You've been bold about your trust in science during the pandemic, which I've appreciated. But your public boldness does hold you to greater expectations. I know it may be burdensome, but you have incredible power in your position. Please continue to speak and act in a way that promotes safety and respect for each other. I will continue to support you as long as you stay true to your values.
You are a great role model! Thank you and be kind to yourself
Although I’m disappointed with your actions, I won’t hold it against you. I know you’re a great person and didn’t intend to cause harm. We’re all humans who make mistakes. We can only strive to learn and do better tomorrow.
You were put in a tough situation. I think most of us would have done the same.
What happened?
Respect and thanks! ❤️
For the always silly media your just a hot doctor, but for many more people you are an inspiration, and you're a very intelligent and professional person too. I've been trusting in your information since the pandemic started. And you let me down. I see no Doctor Mikhail going partying in a boat. I see a no profesional person just chilling. Your were always professional and more than a mistake, this is something you had to think about before doing.
While I have been disappointed in what you did, I appreciate your apology. I work in public health, and I have watched my colleagues be threatened over the public health regulations, and I hate you are being used to further the conspiracies that have fueled that. The burden of behavior is often higher on some folks, and it's a hard lesson to learn.
We all make mistakes bro, regardless of the consequences we learn and become better than before
You don't owe me nothing.  Your job is stressful,  there's nothing wrong with getting away from everything.  You took the right precautions. No one should be shaming you for that.
The idea that "Dr. Mike" went on the CDC website to strategize his Covid-19 seafaring risk is hilarious. He did nothing of the sort. He is a doctor and knows well that the pandemic is the biggest medical exaggeration of perhaps all time. There is a virus, but its killing virtually no one. Dr. Mike didn't wear a mask because he's not mentally retarded, but he knows if he wants to build his online brand he has to treat you like you're mentally retarded. Virtue signaling and repeating the mantra of the emerging global order is a far greater threat to the world than sars-cov-2 ever was. Do no harm doesn't end on YouTube. Show your viewers the real data on Covid-19. You might get demonitized but at least you'll keep your integrity.  😘
I honestly don't believe you have anything to apologize for.  You did nothing wrong and didn't put anyone at risk.  You can have your channel and be honest and still go live life
Dude, you're taking this way too far. It was a boat in the middle of the water, where the population was controlled, not the same as a store. Dont apologize because others are interpreting what you do on your downtime in a negative manor
Living in a pandemic is hard! We are all going to make mistakes. I wear a mask, I listen to the CDC, I make sacrifices and hard choices, but I also make mistakes. Thank you for your humble apology. We all have to give each other a lot of grace if we are going to make it through this. God bless you.
You’re a doctor who has saves thousands of lives, but you're also human. Just like everyone you needed a break and that's okay. You have followed every rule. You didn't let anyone down. ♥️
I don't think that you need to be held to a different standard. You are a person. You're allowed to so what you're comfortable with. I'm sorry that you have to apologize.
I love to see this type of accountability. It’s important for everyone to understand that professionals are also people who will occasionally mess up. However accountability is what sets apart the good ones from the not so great ones.
I really appreciate your apology.  Respect.
It’s important to be a good human being first; roles that we play in our lives as scientists, doctors, teachers etc. all comes later. And you’re genuinely a good human being and so we admire you for the person you are. God bless you always and keep spreading smiles and laughter ☺️😊
Yes let’s give up all our rights for the flu perfect idea. You give up your rights I’ll keep mine
I appreciate your honesty. In my country, some people in power are caught partying amidst the pandemic yet they are quick to deny despite of proofs that they were doing it and never apologize at all.
Bro there is no problem in apologizing. You made a mistake, no man is perfect for the only perfect man is Jesus Christ. Keep up the hard work and know your a god given gift for us and the community. God bless you bro 🙏👊🙂
Other people will always take things and misuse it. Don’t be hard on yourself, Dr. Mike!
We all are humans we all make mistakes you dont have to be so hard to yourself, we love you u are a great guy ♥️
What did he do wrong?
When you have a platform as big as yours, you're going to get slammed with criticism from a lot of people. People are going to twist the situation to fit their agenda. We're all human and we ALL make mistakes. Accepting responsibility for your mistakes isn't something many people do. I commend you for stepping up and admitting you were wrong.  Try not to let the criticism get to you. You're a great doctor and a great human being, always remember that.
Awww Dr. Miiiiiiiike! 🥺🥺🥺🥺 Don’t be too hard on yourself. You made a mistake, but thankfully you’re able to learn from it. Now you know better and by knowing better, you’re able to DO BETTER.  I appreciate and accept your apology, having been one of the ones who’s staying home or wearing a mask and/or social distancing. I still have mad love and respect for you. Keep being great! 💚Andi from Ohio
It’s ok. Everyone makes mistakes and it takes a lot of courage to admit you were wrong. You realized you made a mistake and apologized which is one of the most courageous things somebody can do.
It's ok doctor Mike, everyone makes mistakes. :)
Aren’t you still actively going to the hospital and working right now? Are you saying you took off enough time that you would’ve known you had Covid-19 before risking other people?  Otherwise, you possibly risked our most vulnerable AND your colleagues on the front lines who are risking their lives to fight this. You could’ve infected your entire hospital which could’ve ruined care for thousands of people.  So I’m confused on how your individual risk was low? When your possible exposure to others was so dangerous.  My uncle is a doctor and he literally goes to work and then right back home. THAT IS ALL. My aunt has to take extreme precautions to basically do the same because his patients are extremely vulnerable.  He isn’t just doing stuff for himself, he’s doing it for the safety of his patients and his colleagues.  I feel that area required a lot more clarification because to me it sounds like you went, had a late birthday celebration, flew back to NY(risking all those on the plane), and then went back to work (risking patients and colleagues at the hospital) for a boat trip that could’ve been postponed.
All you need to do is look at Australia and copy what they have done
I like to see that he accepts the mistakes he made.
It takes a very strong person to admit when they messed up and even though you made a mistake your still a wonderful person who has done so much for this world. We love you dr. Mike and we forgive you, your only human. Don't beat yourself up too much. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
This is what it means to be human.  It takes enormous amount of courage to admit to one’s mistakes. Keep your head held high and remember we will always believe in you ❤️
You have been such a positive force and inspiration during all of this. I work in a group home and it can be difficult. You have helped bring joy and such a good overall message and knowledge on your channel. We all make mistakes and can do better, much love and support.
The only questionable thing was the traveling by plane and apparently most of the risk there is so many people not wearing masks in the terminals 🤦‍♀️ What are you apologizing for when you took all of the precautions  Masks, quarantine,  test  Be human
To the people who criticize Dr. Mike: It is his life and he is trying his best. Lay off him. You all probably have gone to parties too. He is only human, just like the rest of us. He has admitted his mistakes, not because he was accused of them, but because he is a good person who can recognize a mistake is is striving to do better. He is an inspiration to all of us, or at least those who believe that he is a good person, (more than 6.9 million people by the way) and that he is a good doctor. The question is not if he is a good person or if he does the right things because it is his life, the real question is if we are all willing to do the right thing instead of criticizing others. 😐
It will be a long comment...  I have no idea why you apologized for... expect maybe that you went on a private party and that paparazzis took your picture and it was used wrongfully....  True, you are a YouTube motivator... BUT you are not a robot! You are human, with flaws, hormones and emotions... that is OK! You followed the rules troubled yourself by checking and rechecking the CDC... You went above and beyond on the safety of yourself and others... to have fun with friends and family in those terrible times, right?  You and all 1st responders DESERVE breaks! You put your lives on the line for us.   WHO is taking care of YOU???!!  That’s OK! WE still love you for ALL the GOOD that you do!  Haters are a cancer of our society,  they multiply poison us with their jealousy and lies. People like you are always fighting uphill and impossible battles against them. WE still follow you and listen to you!  Learning from our “mistakes” is the way to better ourselves and you did plenty.  You will always have my respect and devotion, Keep having fun responsively!  All the best from an expat in Japan.
DONT apologize EVERYONE makes mistakes!!!!!!! 😊❤️😇
I AM newer to this channel but i already respect Mike so much!But Can someone explain what happened Here i didnt really understand,i mean what did he mess up?Thank you!
I don’t know, it seemed to me like you were very thoughtful about the trip from start to finish. Just because some assholes want to use your trip to further their narrative isn’t your fault. Don’t be so hard on yourself. I can tell you feel bad that you put yourself in a position to be used for some jerk’s agenda. But really, that was your only mistake. You’re a really good guy. We all know that. Take care. This too shall pass.
Thank you for the apology. As a frontline healthcare provider, I forgive you. People make mistakes. It's okay. I've made mistakes throughout this pandemic as well; I think a lot of us have to some degree. Be kind to yourself. I am so sorry some people are using this to bolster their anti-covid narratives; I cannot imagine being put in that position.  Thank you for all you do. The world is a better, more educated place because of you. ❤
Bro you have to live your life. You didn’t do anything wrong.
Hypocrite
We all mess up. We are human. The key is trying to be better and apologizing when we do.  Stay safe, stay strong and do your best. And give bear a big bear hug!!
You gotta let loose sometimes. We understand!
Thank you for this video Dr. Mike. If anything, I have gained more respect for you. It takes a humble heart to admit error.  Happy holidays to you and yours 💞
The sincere emotions we can feel through your words made me tear up.   Thanks <3
You didn’t mess up man. I get COVID is serious but not so bad that we need to hibernate in our homes for a week. You had fun on a boat for a day, so what you’ve been responsible this entire time.  Even on the boat you followed the guidelines. (Coming from someone who wears a mask when necessary, social distance when possible.)
Short but the message is very clear and direct to the point. I like your clips.
Anyone who says they've been perfect throughout the whole year of ever changing restrictions and updated guidance is lying.  I'm doing my imperfect best, so are you, so are a lot of people. Shaming doesn't improve a person, support does.
Hey Dr Mike, you probably won't see this but if you do, this apology was completely unnecessary. You have, from the outset, put out the best, most up to date, concise information for your audience. You have helped millions understand and cope with this pandemic while all of social media pushed them to either disbelieve the truth or fear doing anything besides staying home at all costs. You donated tens of thousands of dollars worth of PPE and worked in one of the highest infection rate areas of the world. A well thought out, relaxing vacation is what you are owed.
That fact that you hold yourself accountable is truly commendable. “To err is human”
Thanks for the context Dr Mike, I feel like Med twitter especially took this as an opportunity to rag on you for being a social influencer Doc.  When I first saw the photos, I knew I was going to reserve judgement untill I heard about the context. This year was hard for  health workers, I am so so lucky I live in a country that got a handle on the pandemic and can now spend time with friends and be in public with relatively little fear. Spending a few hours filling your cup back up, especially if you followed isolation protocols afterwards, I can't bring myself to be mad at.   The problem is people will see it and not realise all the extra steps taken and then equate this to going to thanksgiving with grandma, not isolating before or after, not contact tracings having tests etc, and that's not a fair equivocation to make.
I have so much respect for you! This video shows your true intentions and integrity. I’m so very proud of you! I do wish you wouldn’t be so hard on yourself...No one is perfect Doc! When we know better we do better. I’ve learned so much about this Virus from you and take it very seriously. My husband  and I skipped going to Thanksgiving this year even though our family’s were very angry about it. We knew it was the right thing to do. I thank you for keeping all of us informed  so we can keep each other safe! Please know, that one incident on the boat do not negate all the other wonderful things you have done. ❤️Sending you love and Grace, friend! Happy Holidays!
This video is linked from the main channel in a community post. He has linked it.
2:56 I hate it when that happen. It's not fair for the person who has to carry the burden because they have made a name and their words actually have an impact, for this to happen to Doctor Mike... Life isn't fair guys *sigh I'm just glad you don't decide to close all your social media accounts. It's a long journey to find you, doctor. I selfishly hope you will be around for a long time. Stay happy and healthy💪
Oh please.  Why believe anything you tell us to do?  If you believed masks worked you wouldn’t have done it. You used the rules and guidelines to self- justify your actions. So don’t judge anyone else who self-justifies their own actions.
Thank you for always being honest Dr.Mike.
So in other words Covid has affected you too and you are human. Why is an apology needed?
The Internet often leaves zero room for self betterment. I hope we, as a community, can give him our understanding and allow him to grow.
Thank you so much for addressing this situation in a positive way!
Thank you Dr. Mike and I accept your apology. I'm a bigger fan now that you did this public announcement and apology. We trust you and love you! 🤗👍❤
I really wanna know i didn’t understand what he’s apologizing for and what mistake did he do?
You're being so hard with yourself! we do love you DOC! You're such an incredible and remarkable person, and when I saw you through the screen crying, my heart broken :(.
❤️
Gotta love all these comment warriors acting like they follow every cdc guideline. I bet most of these people posting negative stuff had large gatherings for Thanksgiving.
Do you even practice?
Bravo Dr. Mike for having the integrity to acknowledge and admit to a mistake. We are as you stated all human and we make mistakes. Not all of us however are able to admit to them so thank you for your honesty.
I think doing something where EVERYONE is doing their part (such as a small boat within your family circle), that's great. If we could trust everyone to do that, we would probably have a lot less restrictionsand a lot less cases but because people want to throw tantrums over masks and parties with 300 people with their grandparents and then mingle with their coworkers and friends the next day, that's when things become problematic. I watch your contect, I think you made a reasonable choice. Like you said, weigh what is best with you. Consider the things like who will you be interacting with for the next several weeks. Just do your part, you'll save lives..
To add to my previous comment. Since it's ok for you to say sorry, I'm human forgive me. Is everyone else that followed guidelines forgiven? Every state, province or country has different guidelines. If my local government doesn't demand masks, am I forgiven for choosing not to wear it? After all I followed guidelines.
A YouTuber apology video where the person actual owns up to their mistakes and really apologizes?? Glad to see that there really is a first time for everything
Did you get your teeth done? They looking white my dude
Dr. Mike, you shouldn’t feel obligated to explain yourself just because others think it’s their business to call out others flaws or mistakes.
So what did he do????
I just saw an article on this . I was so confused and couldn’t believe it.😔
Yes there is a pandemic going on but you can still life your life just with some health precautions. Who knows however long this light beer flu will last. So have fun once in a blue moon. Take a trip. Wear a mask. You can still have fun! I support your boat trip and you being a doctor. No need to apologize to me at least 🤠
Dr. Mike, you can do EVERYTHING right and people who want to disbelieve the circumstances can still twist your words and actions. Like you said, you took precautions; you weighed the possibilities, and you acknowledged it was a risk you were willing to take. I'm blessed; I live in the same town as my parents and many friends. Please do not see your actions as a failure. You are a good man, and you remain a good man at the end of the day, and that is all one can ask of themselves.
You did mess up. I'm glad you're admitting that. But this also scares me because if *a doctor* thinks that it is okay to be maskless on a boat with people because the CDC guidelines don't specifically say you shouldn't, then what about the average person?
When I saw the headline I was shocked but now that you have made this video really helped
I work in the medical field and I am trying to be a doctor and I can’t believe my eyes. When my grandma got covid. I couldn’t go see her. I have been watching Dr.Mike forever and I honestly am a little hurt.
Don't be too hard with yourself. You went out, toke personal precautions, you, and everybody, deserve to take a breath in these times. That does not disqualify your message neither you as a valuable spokesperson on this global situation. Clarification is in order, ok. but you didn't mess up. Relax🖖
I think you did what the anti lockdown think. Allow me to be an adult and make decisions for myself. Anti mask and anti lockdown are very different.
You don't need to do better, what you need to do is practice what you preach. You tell everyone to do one thing and you do another. But it's ok because you dimmed the lights on your set and apologize. So do everyone a favor and stop preaching unless you actually want to follow through. You're a hypocrite and there's no denying that. You have used your platform to preach a message and you need to then own that message. You didn't. A dimmed light "I'm so sorry" doesn't change that. You didn't let people down, you proved that you are nothing but a massive hypocrite who doesn't think that he needs to live up to the message he puts out. There is no excuse that makes that ok and you should feel like a pile of garbage until the pandemic is done. You deserve every single negative comment you get after everything you've said about people following or not following guidelines.
You made an informed, personal judgement call. There's nothing to apologize for. People on social media are too critical. Sometimes being HUMAN and regaining some sense of normalcy and HUMAN contact/connection/community is the best choice. Mental health and friendships are still medically relevant (and there is something to be said for herd immunity too). I respect your candor and sensitivity to your reach, but don't be too hard on yourself!!
Not going to lie, I was waiting for a video for you to explain your side but now my heart is hurting for you. You are so hard on yourself, Dr. Mike! Thank you for acknowledging your impact and the seriousness of the matter but please remember you are only human and make mistakes too! We love you! And appreciate you!
Wait what did he do
This is totally off topic, but is his shirt transparent???
Hey Mike, my friend! I am a CNA on an oncology floor at a hospital in Co. I’ve gotten to see the death of many patients I’ve taken care of and even a few of my “frequent flyers” on my  onc. unit! This year has been devastating for many of us, and many including myself have made mistakes along the way. They fact that you are open, honest, and willing to reflect and make yourself better is all anyone could ask for. We are all our biggest critic, that’s park of being human. There is no judgement here brother. Please keep being a voice for our community and healthcare workers! YOU ARE AMAZING! Thank you for what you do! Sending love and prayers! ❤️❤️
Only halfway through your video..but screw that. You're human. You're allowed to live. Going to go see family etc doesn't invalidate anything about you as a man or as a doctor. It doesn't invalidate the seriousness of covid. You did nothing wrong.  If people see you enjoying your life and their first instinct is to get upset, that's their problem. You're allowed to do that and you've earned the benefit of the doubt that you're doing everything safely.
No worries brother. Still a good doctor and good person.
Please if you weren’t spotted you wouldn’t have said anything. You knew exactly what you were doing when you got on that boat with 20+ other people non social distancing. You could’ve politely decline the gift but you chose not to which has the possibility of resulting in people getting sick due to your actions. We’re in the middle of a pandemic where cases are higher than ever before and then you go out and do this. It’s even worse because you’re a doctor. You’re putting your patients at risk as well and for you to advocate for social distancing, wear masks, and stay at home, this makes you look like a real hypocrite. You are human, but that doesn’t mean you can lack in common sense.
I support you, and appreciate this apology. You're just human.
I hope you remember that your one mistake doesn't undo all the amazing work you've done on your channel and what you've done for your patients. We all make mistakes. Don't let this get you down too long, Dr. Mike; we know your heart is always in the right place.
Key part to happiness and well being is honesty. Those bad actors, they aren't being honest with themselves and the world around them.  You are still a strong voice in the medical and YouTube community. Stronger now for facing this trial with the honesty and transparency you just displayed. Respect
What happend?
Nice👍
Ya you messed up ....dont be a freaking hypocrite. ..now i forgive you case we all mess up
Foremost I would like to say that this was not a complex dilemma you came across, you as a health care worker know how bad it is and how many lives we’ve lost, specially right now and how bad it’s going to get. You only acknowledged the affects that it would bring to YOUR life not the rest of the people in the boat. They also have families members that could have died. You’re a DOCTOR. Many of us had to spend thanksgiving alone because we care and respect others. You have let many people down and I will not longer will be supporting you.
I was waiting for this. I hate cancel culture. Be well Doc. You seem to be handling this well.   We also went on a boat during this pandemic, but we aren't public figures.  So insane.
Omg he went on a boat who TF cares
But why on this channel not on your main channel
Massive respect to you mate. Stay safe out there.❤️
You did everything right in the situation honestly. Most people just go out and don't think ahead like you did. To me as long as you are being responsible with yourself around others. And take as many precautions as you can. Then you did everything you could. I sure as heck wouldn't have said no to that, I would have weighed pros and cons just the same.  Someone sees a few pictures or a short video and they think they have the whole story and knows what is going on at the time and are quick to judge.
Doctor Mike you are such a good Person, passionate honest kind and so much more and I just wanna thank you for being so awesome we love you so much Stay happy and healthy❤️
I appreciate his humbleness. As a loyal viewer, this makes me want to stay tuned.
I was wondering when he was gonna post this
As a fellow healthcare professional, I respect this so much.  Every one of us makes errors in judgements, but not all of us are big enough people to admit it.  Thank you for being a person who strives to do better, because it inspires others to do the same.  ❤
Nothing to apologize for.  Get it in
Wow. Thank you for this apology. As a healthcare provider on the frontlines, I was absolutely livid when I saw the photos surface. All frontliners were angry, hurt, disappointed and felt betrayed by “one of our own”. As humans, we aren’t perfect. Thank you for owning up to your mistakes. You’ve earned my respect back for your humility and grace under pressure. You are an outstanding human being! Thank you. You’ve grown up.
Being a public figure sucks...
I still love your content and trust you completely.
I think this apology is great! Grace is what we need however I am confused why it’s in this change with 50 thousand people not on your main channel with 6 million!! Do you not want to apologize to all of your fans?!?
Dr mike thank you!! That’s what like about you your honest and sincere! Now that’s what a call honest and kind human being! He admitted he did something wrong and he said he was sorry! We need more people like Dr mike!
The uk government said it has no Proof that the virus exists (source : freedom of information request) I assume is the same for the The rest of the governments
You made a mistake, we forgive you. Thank you for addressing
Nobody is perfect but the fact  that Dr. Mike can admit he made a  mistake and own up to it while also learning from it shows his true character. It takes a big person to apologize for it. ❤
As a subscriber, I personally don’t have issue with this apology but it would be better posted on your main channel where your actions can be better clarified and intentions understood. There are people claiming you are pro covid now which tarnishes the science you’ve discussed related to this pandemic (as you mentioned), and subscribers who may have done similar (or worse) things and seen this party but not seen you apologize (since this is on a smaller channel) might feel justified in their actions. I hope this doesn’t come off as hate - I believe your desire to do better and this would be a way to as someone with a large platform imo.
Its okay Dr.  Mike being human and making human mistakes are bound to happen. It's great that you've own up to it. We can all also follow to do better when admitting to our mistakes it's how we grow. Wishing you and your family health and safety during the holidays ❤❤❤
Let’s always do our best :)! Mistakes happen; and this message is very important. Thank you Dr. Mike !!
You made a mistake. You owned up to it and committed to grow from it. Can’t ask for more.
No idea what happen but ok
Why this is not on the main channel?
Takes courage to admit you messed up. Thank you Dr. Mike, we want to keep trusting you.
You are a wonderful Dr but a wonderful man. I don't think it was a mistake at all. You followed all the rules. I'm sure all those people that are bitchin have left their houses to grocery shop , still saw family & maybe even friends. So just because you took a time out to gain yourself a fresh look of what's going on around you. Love you & all humans make mistakes. Even the HATER'S!!!!!!!!!!! Shame on the HATER'S 🤬
Everyone makes mistakes. I believe you when you say you tried to take the precautions, but yeah, you prob shouldn’t have gone with the impact you have. We learn and do better.
What I appreciate the most out of you, Doctor, is that you have taken it upon yourself to take public accountability and responsibility for your own actions. I understand that this probably took a great deal of thought and planning on your part to make sure this message was clear and respected your audience. I could not imagine the amount of self criticism and, also, criticism you may have experienced from others at the time of you planning and posting this video.   However, I also truly appreciate that even though you are a doctor, you addressed that you are also a human being, who makes mistakes just like the rest of us. While you didn’t have to go out of your way to make an explanation for yourself, I appreciate that you did so anyway, regardless of what others may say about you. You definitely did the right thing and others will respect you for it!   Not just a good doctor, but an excellent human being first and foremost! 🙏🏽🤙🏽
I had a STRONG feeling this boat outing was not your idea. However,  PLEASE be careful with the people you associate with. It was ONE of these SAME people who SHARED those photos. You were wrong and it really hurt my feelings that you did what you did. You are human though and can make mistakes like we all do. CHOOSE YOUR FRIENDS WISELY!!!!!!
U da best
You're a human. You are allowed to miss normal life. Thank you for your humility, your passion, your love, and your knowledge that you share with us. Love you Dr. Mike.
I’m sorry but as a doctor, who has shown bias against certain ethnic groups, classism, and borderline racism you cannot just apologize. While I appreciate the apologize it is very synonymous the half hearted apologies given by anyone in the spotlight who has been caught breaking safety and health protocols at time time. You went to medical school and work as a physician, YOU should know better and definitely DID know better when you went on the boat. This wasn’t an apology it was an excuse. And one that we wouldn’t have received if you hadn’t been caught.
But you want the end-all of bios you know rest in your shoulders, yeah you should know better but when all is said and done in the long run you're still human and I've learned in life leave room for error because we're going to make mistakes It's if you learn from those mistakes that counts people shouldn't be so hard on you They expect you to be this perfect You know all being when all reality 10 years ago you were just Mike Now you're this huge figure on a pedestal hey you made a mistake with God people should not criticize you so hardly It just bothers me when people do that!
Doctor,  I believe in life, there are times we couldn't avoid our mistakes simply because of 2 things: "I've done it, so I know it" and "I didn't know about that". We also can't really avoid these certain people anywhere we go as they believe they "very alert" and "knowledgeable" because of the Internet - especially you who shares your life, knowledge and  information to a certain extent. Even its something we repeatedly do in our lives, there's always a moment we forgotten what we had deemed important, noticed by these critiques.  We're human, Doctor. Mistakes are something that exist in our very nature as we don't really aware and know everything. It's is always, to me, hear that admitting mistakes is good and not repeating them. But to me, what's really important is that what we've learned from it. You're doing good things here - giving and sharing. All you did may not be good for everyone, but its good things and beneficial. So don't let it make you feel down, you're doing great things. Lastly, to make you feel better even just a little, your apology is accepted.   Bee-woop!
You’re sorry that you got caught.
As a year-long subscriber, (I think) everyone makes mistakes, Dr. Mike. You meant well, even if it wasn't the wisest decision. I can't judge you because nobody is perfect, and we all slip out of the lines sometimes. Times are hard, take care of yourself, and don't beat yourself up now. Sending you respect and virtual hugs from Florida :) ❤️
Just take this as a lesson to just get ahead of it if it happens again and just tell us that you messed up before the news gets ahold of it. People will understand if you are up front and not finding out through another source. I'm not mad because you assessed the risk and we all have broken the "rules" of this pandemic at one point or another. But thank you for saying something. Lots of Love.
Dr. Mike’s teeth are so freaking perfect i swear
hmmm  apolizing  just because you were caught, not going to work, ill follow Facui and Gupta
Thank you for owning up to it. Takes a strong will to bite the bullet. Respect.
Taking responsibility is commendable. Keep educating
I knew it couldn't be what everyone was blowing this up to be. We love you, Dr. Mike. Hope you didn't let the hate from this affect you negatively too much. <3
I’m going to hear about it for making this comment and that’s fine but,   You realize a lot of us aren’t mad because of the lack of mask (in this situation it was reasonable, h2o & masks don’t go together) but because you used your privilege to do things 90% of us can’t. I appreciate you being honest with us, but I feel like the only reason we’re hearing this apology is because you got ‘caught’. I’m honestly disappointed that you didn’t realize that.
Great man admit our mistakes. Am glad you came clean about what happened, we would still support you we are also humans and understand. Keep it up Doc
It's sad that well-meaning people get the harshest criticism at the slightest mistake, they need to be perfect or otherwise their work is not valid anymore.  Who is perfect?  It's good you admitted you made a mistake, but don't let it discourage you or humiliate you.  You're just human.
I'll admit, when I heard about this my first reaction was disbelief and disappointment. It is comforting to hear that you were at least still following set regulations but the perception that COVID isn't a big deal is still there for people. This apology meant a lot to a lot of people. Take this lesson and keep moving forward knowing that you've grown. And rest assured, we will all still be here growing right along with you. 👍🏼
Yes, you are human and do mistake...!  But you know and admit your wrong doing that why we love you. But your birthday party without marks and social distancing with friends, it does destroy your professional image!  Take care of yourself!
Whether you like it or not, you chose to be an “influencer” a public figure. You are held to a higher standard. I’m glad you are apologizing because those photos were a huge slap in the face to healthcare workers who respect and look up to you.
I admire your courage to humbly admit your mistake. This shows your true character and core values. Im sure your fans/followers will appreciate that and will not take it against you. Stay safe alway and God bless. More power to you
Wish we had more people like dr mike
Wait what did I miss? I have watched all of his latest videos,did I miss something
Thank you for recognizing the impact your actions have.  And I have complete faith that is is not an empty apology. As a person who has been doing the right thing this whole time, it is so frustrating seeing people with money and other privileges out there being so careless. Thanks for being so wonderful!
His apology felt sincere.  I know many are saying that we are human and make mistakes; that is true, but there are those who make mistakes but do not apologize for them or just try to justify  their behavior and just move on. His apology was appropriate but, now people need to accept it and move on and to never bring it up again. Keep moving forward Dr. Mike, look forward to more great videos.
Your message has been heard loud and clear and I hope that after watching this video your viewers will gain back your trust, even if it might take a while. Keep it up bro
You didn’t mess up. Trolls are awful.
Reminds me of Rachel Maddow’s recent monologue where she said “it won’t be you, it’ll be someone you care about”.   Really appreciate you taking responsibility, I think is these sorts of human moments that will get us through this
Dr. Mike I'm a first responder in law enforcement. I've had to sacrifice seeing my friends and family.   It takes a strong person to say they made a mistake. Not one of us is  perfect.   I appreciate everything  you've done to to inform us and keep us safe.    No judgement against you.  Your heart is in the right place.
Being a representative of science and medicine during this time is so tough and you're under untense public scrutiny. I really appreciate your reflection and honesty. Please don't let it deminish your efforts to  keep spreading valuable information. We need you Dr. Mike!!!
This is exactly what I expect of Dr Mike. Own his mistake, apologize, and allow us to move on while retaining respect for him. This should be a lesson. Just recognize and apologize when you make a mistake. You'll be all for the better.
Pewdiepie should rate this apology-video
Very disappointed.   Unsubscribing.
Self reflection is  always 2020. What may be seen through one's own eyes as a calculated well thought out plan can have  unforseen  consequences  specially when under the lens of social  media. The thing most people who are influencers forget all actions are always being  watched, waiting for  a slipped up. To err is human and is a teachable  moment for people to  learn from. No one is  perfect  that why are unique.  Wish everybody happy  holidays.
Not a fan of this apology.   Genuinely hit hard when I saw the photo. But what’s been frustrating is the amount of time it took to make this apology, and the fact that he has not posted this on his main channel probably to save as much face as possible by not making more people aware of the situation.  Very poor apology in my opinion, especially since he is not only a trusted YouTuber but a DOCTOR that has been hypocritical over COVID-19.   I also don’t remember him mentioning if him or any of his friends were tested before doing this trip.
It's OK, we all learn and grow. The humility and authenticity from you admitting your mistakes and letting people know, show solid character. It's OK, doc, what we need is more love and understanding in this world.  I appreciate your honesty.
u've been working so hard to keep us educated and to keep us entertained. I gotta say, it's okay to make mistakes. because nobody's perfect, it's okay to messed up.  thankyou so much for admitting that u're wrong, thankyou so much for being most honest, caring person. thankyou, doctor Mike. :)
Thank you for owning your mistakes.  It was a well-worded apology and it sounded very sincere. But can someone catch me up as to what was going on? Was it the trip to Miami itself or did something happen while he was there?
Sometimes we can tick every box, be so cautious and double check everything and still mess up. It happens, we are human! You’ve been trying so hard and just wanted to have a good time on a boat. I don’t think the hate your are getting is deserved but I’m only one person. If you can learn from this then it’s a worth it in the end. Peace & love!
We all make mistakes. What matters is what we do after the mistake. Sounds like you are doing the right thing.
I also don't care whether you wear one or not. What I care about is that you're a hypocrite claiming all of these politicians, who didn't just want to make this a communist country by forcing everyone to do something because they claim it's for the common good, saying that these politicians were ignorant and uninformed and basically lying to the American people.  No other disease like this has been treated with such disdain for anyone who decides not to go by some recommended guidelines.
I’m gone for a bit and come back to this.... dude you’re being way too hard on yourself. And I know you don’t know me, but considering that it’s coming from me, that should really say something. Yes, you’re a doctor and therefore should set an example. But before being a doctor, you’re a human. And in case you couldn’t tell, humans make mistakes. It is one occasion when you did something you shouldn’t have, it happens all the time. And the people who are attacking you aren’t cool. Once again, we’re all human and all make mistakes as a result
During this pandemic it’s not going to be possible to always be perfect. It’s just not. The 99% of the times count more than one moment. We are all just doing our best.
To be honest I don’t blame you. This year has been a completely mess. You did for months what you needed to do and at a time humans are no longer able to be on hold for that long. This was a mess up but you researched the situation.
We all make mistake Dr Mike. It’s owning up and correcting your behaviour that sets you apart. Keep your chin up.
Dude you’re a doctor and could have it, you are more exposed to sick people than anybody else and expose people to it, just because your personal risk is low doesn’t mean others are. I already knew there were was a red flag when you told us about the date you went on with a stranger and caused an allergy reaction to her having someone come to your house and kissing her on the cheek. I’m pretty angry and you lost me like one minute into your video because your explanation kinda just seemed like an excuse and I don’t really wanna hear it right now. I’m angry but I’ll get over it.
Also doctors saying it's good for you to not make it true across-the-board I don't care what agency they work for. I asked a doctor friend of mine and he said that even the n95 masks are to be fitted to your face by a doctor to really work. So all of this extra stuff is just to make people feel good. So yeah if you want to wear a mask go for it. But you cannot guarantee me that it's doing any good or even actually tell me with any certainty that it might help. It's the popular thing right now.
No one's perfect. You at least try and follow guidelines. We're all learning during this. My Dad who's elderly, thinks the virus is fake and masks are ridiculous. It's sad and worrysome. Those are the people I worry about.  Thanks for the apology anyway. Much love ❤️
Those specific people you want to say sorry......the ones supporting the channel and you from day 1, i'm sure you know most of them live on your main channel! Wouldn't they need to hear this?
I don't see this kind of accountability from a lot of people so I appreciate you not ignoring what you did and discussed it, you're human you're allowed to make mistakes I'm glad you admitted to it. Appreciate your service during the pandemic 😊
Am I missing something? What’s he supposed to have done wrong here?
You are very amazing and honest. I learn a lot from you.
Yeah he says he went by the CDC guideline. I agree the CDC guideline is recommended but not required on The Masks. It has been a long but people like talk about us, telling us we should wear one no matter what. All I'm saying is don't be a hypocrite. Those of us who have been having a personal choice about whether to wear one since it is only recommended.  You made your personal choice to not wear one because you are at a low risk. The only reason you're sorry is because you got caught.
That's the thing about Covid, it shows how the divide lines in the US is not between race, it's between economic status, like the rich get to party while the poor are forced to be jobless due to lockdown. The rich gets to moan how boring it is to be locked into their mansions and penthouses while the rest of us are trying so hard to cope with our shoe boxes. People lose their livelihood and for others it's just extra hassle when they're going to do something. We don't ask anything but compassionate and unity in this trying time, show that we are in this together. I think the worse thing is that nobody cares anymore. In previous pandemics, people opened up kitchen soup, we look after each others, we take care of the affected, but nowadays everyone seems to leave each others in every own hands, and as per usual, the poor and the impoverished are the ones affected the most. The givernment didn't look after our interest, the rich only think about their own interest, and as warning, a collapse of the middle class is the early sign of a declining nation, and ohh how American Middle Class are collapsing fast, yet rich people are out partying, not realizing that their actions often led to the spread of covid, which means we will be in lockdown for longer, which affect more and more people.
We all make mistakes товарищ, dont be too hard on youself. Like you said, you're human just like everyone else. And, at least for me and thousands others, I won't hold you to the fire just for one mistake. The most important thing is that you're ok and so is your family. We're all here for you doc.   Stay happy and healthy!!!!
We support you! Being upfront and owning up to what happened says ALOT about you as person 😊 we are not perfect, things happen, we got you 👏🏽
You didn’t let us down dr Mike.. We all sometimes make decisions in good faith that we’d still change in hindsight. I think that anyone who consistently watches your videos knows that you’d never have any bad intentions. It’s the consistent good you do that defines you, not a one-off misjudgment.
**He could have ads/ be monetized on that channel.  Youtube is doing it on their own.** It's better that he use this channel to apologize and then share it later.
I'm sorry you are getting attacked even though you were following the all the guidelines. As you said, this has been hard on everyone and mental health is important. I think everyone's just a little on edge and uneducated people are using you to further their conspiracy theories which sucks. Even though you're taking care of your patients and followers, make sure you're taking care of yourself too ❤️
You don't worry.  Sometimes . The peoples are think . It's good idea and not good idea.  You should be forgot about it. You should be to happy with your friends. It's good time for you 🤠😜
Hey at least Dr. Mike took accountability for his actions.
I think you and Chris klemens could make a wonderful collab. He tested positive in rapid testing for covid. He took the test to ensure he could work with someone outside his household for one video. The apologies are sincere but not needed. You have spread all the awareness and continued to take precautions even when you "messed up". Please do not hate yourself because everything you've done up until now has cemented your message about "staying aware and not anxious"❤️
Apologizing for what!?
Dr. Mike I love watching your content I think it’s insightful and amazing, and if you feel you messed up, I just want to say don’t be too hard on yourself we are all only human. I appreciate your self reflecting and posting this video. If people are using you as an example to further their agenda they are ridiculous. Just do your best and I’m not sure about anyone else but I’ll stand behind you! 😊
Spending too much time explaining and seeming to seek to justify and defend your actions. Too bad, you let money get in the way of your sense.
Yes, this certainly had the looks that you really messed up. I really applaud your apology. Please, use the reach that you have on your main channel. Post this video there, please.
I don’t really understand how you messed up. You followed all the rules - made a good example of how to do something nice without putting others at risk. I suppose, though, being a public figure with a specific message, the rules are tighter for you. Dear Dr, you are so special and lovely ❤️
thank you for coming and apologizing. we all make mistakes- the real mistake is not acknowledging an accident, and you did exactly what you needed to do.  much love!
This might be the only good YouTube apology I've ever seen.
I think people need to remember that you’re only human. We all make mistakes. You learn from it and grow.
So I have been asking my self, I think a couple of us did, "Why is this video posted here and not in the main channel?"  Then I realized something, he's here sendig a personal message to those who truly support him. He messed up yeah, and maybe we all want to see him appologizing to everyone and not just a small group. But the truth is that the real message has been sent to those who he truly cares that they receive the message, and I mean the group of people who's here, in the "other, not main, not viral" channel. The mediatic message is already out there, causing an impact on his public image, he doesn't care for that, he don't see us as "just an audience" if he did, he would have been in a news channel or something sending this, because he has that reach and because media loves drama. So yeah, I'm here supporting Dr. Mikhail Varshavski (not gonna lie, i googled how to write that because russian is hard), the person, not just Dr. Mike, the mediatic character. Because this message it's personal, not viral. It's an appollogie, not a way to save his image. So hang in there bud, those who love you, will always do. I know I will, because without even knowing you saved my life. Not sorry for my bad english because at least I'm trying, Cheers from Argentina!
Long Winded way of saying you're a total hypocrite. Just like everyone else pushing this BS. Never trust anybody in a white coat.
Why did you post this on this channel instead of your main one? Do you actually want people to see this?
dr mike your whole channel is about showing that doctors are people and about communicating health information clearly. thank you for taking the time to do both of these things. it’s disappointing that you have to hold yourself to a higher standard just because you’re a public figure. i know it’s a different scenario because of the pandemic, but this whole thing reminds me of the study that said doctors shouldn’t wear inappropriate attire which prompted the doctors in bikinis thing. yes, you’re a doctor but you’re also allowed to be human. ❤️
Glad to know you owned up to your mistake. My respect for you has gone up. We learn from our mistakes.
Oh. Now things are complicated and nuanced now that you got caught lol
FYI You made radio news in Australia....
You go to a gym??  Most are closed here because of the risk.
...lol
Wait, what did he do wrong?
No you don't deserve it! Those criticizing you are the first braking the rules! I am glad you have fun because you deserve it!
You are human. You can make mistakes. Although I’m pressed to say this was a mistake. I just took a weekend trip to another state myself. I followed guidelines and I did what I could to stay safe. Not the smartest idea, but I needed to get out for my mental health. I needed to feel like I was escaping. I understand why you feel you need to apologize and I’m sorry people are using this against you, but, I think most people can relate to you more because of this. If it’s any consolation, I appreciate you and showing just how much you’re like your viewers. ❤️
Imagine how much better and pleasant the world would be if everyone was as transparent and graceful as Doctor Mike. Its very rare for anyone to give a genuine apology and take responsibility these days. Admitting fault so publicly must be a difficult thing to do so credit where it is due 👏🏻. He looks genuinely upset and disappointed In himself here which makes me feel quite sad for some reason but you’re only human Mike, don’t be too hard on yourself.
I respect you so much for this. Thank you for modelling the epitome of doing better when you know better!!
Good for you for admitting your mistake, but if a Dr. who knows better does this, how in world is this going to end?
my respect can't even get higher than this. it's hard to admit you're wrong, and it takes a lot of courage to do so. thank you.
This really should be on your main channel. I personally think that posting this on your smaller channel takes away some of the credibility. But I appreciate the apology because I was quite disappointed when I heard about this a couple of days ago. Everybody makes mistakes, thanks for addressing this.
Thank you for addressing this. We are human, we make mistakes and we learn from our mistakes.
Thank you for saying sorry. It’s a shame that something that would have been okay for other isn’t okay for you, but that is an unfortunate part of being in the public eye and I’m glad you can see that and have made changes to accommodate it
Smart. Analytical. Compassionate. Humble. Positive. We learn from our mistakes. You're a good human.
My grandfather said that "the heroes are not the leaders that are always right, the heroes are those who have fallen, admitted and stand up" today I tell you because of this video I believe you are une of my new heroes Pd: I am from Colombia soooo... Sorry for the orthography
Doc, i get you. Mistakes are mistakes. Be better, be dr mike !!
I don’t feel that you messed up.  We can’t live in bubbles. I live alone and do see people outside of my household- cause my household is only me.  It’s a risk. But I follow guidelines. Wear a mask.   Sounds like you took necessary precautions to mitigate impacts.   But props for being accountable
As humans we all make mistakes and coming to the realization of one’s mistakes is a hard thing to do, but admitting them is even harder my friend. God bless you and stay safe Dr. Mike!
Your honesty and emotions were felt, I’m about to cry
We all make mistakes. I'm pretty sure you will do better, and will helping us to do better.
Love. Respect. Honor. Integrity.
Honestly, sometimes you can try to do everything right and still get it wrong. Hang in there and stay healthy!
To be honest, I didn’t even know he went on a boat trip without mask. I get it he’s a doctor, but he’s also a human being. He even looked up some research to know it will be safe or not. Some of my friends and family members don’t even bother to listen and just go out!! Be glad that he hasn’t gotten a positive test and that he is able to go back to the hospital and help others. We all make mistakes in life but we learn from them and bounce back in action. I’m glad you have tested negative.
Why do men always get away with it? If it had been a woman they would be canceling her immediately, but just apologising fixes everything when it comes to a man
Yeah you messed up. And you have become a celebrity in science and medicine. I considered it from my perspective and yeah, you made a mistake.
Curious why this isn’t on your main channel where the majority of your audience is? There’s a difference of over 6 million people between the channels. Seems like an important message for all of your audience so they know and get to choose whether or not to continue to follow you. Not everyone sees the community tab posts.
thank you for the apology. it truly means a lot, we love you mike <3
It must be hard to be in the public lime light and to try to have a normal life.  Your honesty is appreciated but  this is another case of the media not having the facts and twisting things. Im so sorry your hurting from this
Don’t forget you are a great person that has done many great things. It’s easy to let one moment cause us to forget all of the rest. Take this moment and learn from it, as you already are. Keep your head up and take care of yourself.   Much respect and much love ❤️  -Kailey
I don't think you did anything wrong.  Honestly.  We live in America.  You did a risk assessment and lived life.  That's all we can do. We polarize this.  There is no THIS or THAT.  There is a range of right answers. Wearing a mask and being responsible.
Practice what you preach. That's all the people want. Post this on your main channel. It'll seem more sincere.
On the scale of mistakes this was fairly minor, at least you were outside. There are plenty of people having house parties without masks or social distancing, I don’t think a day at the beach is on the same level.
If you didn't know before I'm telling you now "heavy is the head that wears the crown". I kept checking for an explanation not even an apology(not saying you shouldn't apologise) because I said to myself that I'm sure everyone was tested or sumn like that. I hold you to a very high standard! Anyway, I forgive you seemed like a genuine apology.
Thank you for addressing this because I am honestly happy to know that you attacked it before it went big, as someone who has been at my house since the beginning of the pademic, I HARDLY leave, I needed this because I was questioning if I should continue to quarantine or not. Thank you!
i'm confused why this channel exists, it's like you want to apologize but you don't want it to be made public?  this channel has a tiny fraction (just did the math, literally less than 1%) of the subscribers your main channel has.
My dear.. I will forever be grateful that my youth and my youthful mistakes were not made during a internet filled life. You have owned that a mistake was made, you are human- and we are all- all of us- very tired of this. Forgive yourself too. It does not erase the value that you add to our lives all the time. We are grateful for you.  Chin up- March on. We are all in this together
Ooooh Dr Mike's first apology video.  No thumbnail ☑ Three dots in title... ☑ "I can't promise if this is my last mistake" "I will learn from my mistake" "I am human  ☑ What a classic apology video
I love that you were honest and came forth about something you felt you had done wrong. But like I tell my kids all the time it’s OK to make ooopes, we just have to learn from them and try not to make the same mistakes. It’s happened to us all we feel sometimes they need to be around people so much we’re family members so much that sometimes we justify it as it will be fine because....... that’s normal. As a mom of five boys I struggle with this all the time I am also a teacher so I struggle with when my kids are sick do I go to work they’ve already had covid and as a mom I felt awful because I know that my job was the reason we are caught COVID-19. It’s a struggle every day luckily my family was OK and we have had no long-term side effects from Covid. But the fear is still there about catching it again and the impact a second round of COVID-19 could have on my family. So we all struggle with decisions that are hard we just make the best decision that we can at the time whether it’s a right decision or a wrong decision. But knowing that sometimes we may make a bad decision we can’t let that rule or affect our lives in a way where we feel guilty or negatively about ourselves. You have done an amazing job at keeping us informed and up-to-date with all the newest information coming from the CDC and also the front lines and we appreciate it! Sincerely from a mom of 5!
#gracebro appreciate all you do. No one should condemn you being human and making a mistake.
The problem is that the rules and guidelines don't make sense in the overall aspect of things. They seem arbitrary and honestly there are too many to remember becasue its dependent on the place and situation.   I dont see any problems with what you did since you followed the guidelines given to you because that's the only thing we can do.   I think the beef that people have is that the people setting the guidelines fail to go by them and you have been lumped in with them. Sadly... this is the mentality that government has been instilling on us during this pandemic; snitch on your neighbors.
It's okay to make mistakes. We are all human & mistakes are a chance to grow. Thank you for being strong enough to grow. Take care of yourself Dr. Mike.
Why not on main channel 🙄️
This should be on your main channel.
The fact that you care so much about this, really living out what you say, just reveals more of your great character. My question though, is, what about the videos that you still record with others without wearing masks? Like the recent ones with Brad and Dilshad. I'm confused as to why you're apologizing about not wearing a mask on a boat with friends (which I didn't even know about) but still record videos with friends during the pandemic. It doesn't bother me, I'm sure you and your friends took the proper measures to make sure you were both Covid-free, but we wouldn't know that. Were they recorded last year like your video with Sasha?
I didn’t know what you were taking about till I went and saw a picture of you with all those women🤢 I thought you were different, A respectable doctor.
I'm confused... what did he do wrong??
NO ONE has done the right thing the ENTIRE TIME. Don’t beat yourself up. We’re all human ❤️
We are ALL human, and we ALL make mistakes. While I was surprised (and a wee bit disappointed) in your actions, you admitting to your mistake...shows me just how good of a human being you are #DrMike. Big hugs, and much love and gratitude for all that you do.
All these damn adults crying and whining stfu  Y’all be mad if he didn’t apologize and since he did y’all mad at the way he did.
You are only human! Unfortunately, the few times you mess up in all of your human-ness, it reaches farther than most people's mistakes. I'm still FAR more grateful for all the good information that you put out there than disappointed in this mistake. Apology is appreciated, but make sure you're not being overly hard on yourself. Keep up the good work, and learn from past decisions. Thats all we as humans can ask for.
I don't even think he needed to apologize for this BUT I will say: THIS is how you handle an apology video!!! It's concise, feels like an *actual* apology, and he takes personal responsibility for his actions.
It takes a big step to admit you’re wrong, a mistake. You learn from it and move on, all the support to you
During the pandemic and the civil unrest, I have chosen to be selective with my thoughts, time, and money. So, I did not know what you were going to share in your video. Nevertheless, thanks for being transparent and sharing your thoughts on your actions. I appreciate how you use platform to educate and inform people (pre, mid, and post pandemic). Again, thank you!  I do feel like other influencers ignore or do not care about the impact of what they have posted during this period.  No matter what others are doing we each have to decide for ourselves how we are to behave.  On Thanksgiving Day two of my family members from out-of-state contacted me to say they were in route or just arriving at other family members homes. They are both reside in a state that has had extremely high infection and death rates since the beginning of the pandemic... So high, that their city's mayor stated that Thanksgiving gatherings were only to be with the people that live within their immediate household. No matter how they reasoned at the end they purposely rejected their city's mandate to keep citizens safe!  At the end of the day, adults are aware of the risk and the consequences (both rewards and punishments) of their actions.  In the beginning I was upfront with them, but I quickly decided to only share when asked.  I worked providing public health and safety information, so I am aware when protocols and guidelines are being ignored or minimized by various officials.  It has been frustrated and sad to see so many purposely look for information that will permit them to do what they want… Yet these same people criticize public officials for their hypocrisy and putting politics/position over people, but they ignore how their own reckless behaviors increase their chances and those they encounter to become infected.  I can honestly say I have kept public health protocols during the pandemic, while also losing and sacrificing much.  I am not going to shame, guilt, or judge others.  Also, I have chosen to focus on my own self-care and too extend grace to self and others (no matters if I agree or not)!
The thing to keep in mind is that following the guidelines is the LEAST you can do and you shouldn't think that just because you're wearing a mask or outside or 6ft apart that you are doing what you SHOULD be doing. STOP trying to weasel out of wearing masks in ANY public situation, guidelines be damned. Use common sense. Staying at home is what everyone SHOULD do, and only when you HAVE to go out, go out and always wear a mask in all situations. It's really not hard.
Accountability is a tough pill to swallow and not enough people own up to their own mistakes and seek to rectify the harm it may have caused
I think you’re being too hard on yourself. No one’s perfect.
Wait, so you took a measured risk and are apologizing to us? You are human. Your mental health is also important and I bet for those hours on the boat helped you relax in a way you haven’t for a few months now.  Deep breath you are doing awesome.  No one is perfect.
I appreciate you acknowledging you messed up and apologising. Even if you followed guidelines, etc. you're right in that it takes credibility away from the bigger message you were trying to spread. So thanks for this video. That being said, this really should have gone on your main channel, where you have millions of subscribers, and not here, where it's only a fraction of that audience. Not a good look.
Everyone makes mistakes. We need to all remember that everyone is human and we're all flawed. Forgiveness. Can you imagine? 👨‍⚕️
Ur right u did wrong thing   But so are so many ...   I am from australia melbourne   We just reached 28days without a case ... We suffered for 5 +months  under lock down   We still are mandated to wear masks ...   It's hard for me too see u do wrong thing . But u admiring the wrong is so important but unsure some will ever forgive.  Love ur videos great conent keep up work
Thank you for admitting your wrong
why isn’t this on your main channel? sad.
The fact you can take a step back from everything and see it from a new perspective, a vulnerable perspective, is something more people need to be able to do.   I'm mask exempt because of respiratory issues. I'd give ANYTHING to be healthy enough to put a mask on. Anything. I get so angry when I see people flouting the rules and not protecting others, let alone themselves. But I also can accept apologies from people who are ready to become a better version of themselves.   Doc, you're good. Stay safe xx
Dr. Mike, we love you and while I personally don't feel you did anything terribly wrong. I admire your conviction to doing better in all things. We are all human and we all are flawed and make mistakes but you are an inspiration in all the good you do and all the learning you do from your experinces good or bad,  right or wrong. You're the person we look up to because you're constantly checking yourself and evaluating yourself. You're a great man, a brilliant doctor. We need more Dr. Mike's in the world , now more than ever. ❤
Takes a lot of courage to admit you’re wrong. Respect my man.
It’s understandable doctor mike, not everyone is perfect, you were still careful, don’t be so hard on yourself, just make sure to stay safer from now on!
If you followed all the rules and guidelines then I really don't see an issue, as long as people do the same, follow the rules and guidelines given, I see no negative impact. Its not as if you just tossed all of that to the side and went to a covid party, you followed the rules, you took precautions, you're isolating afterward to prevent spread... I honestly don't see your wrongdoing here! Stay safe!
Wow, you didn't have to apologize. I don't think many of us even knew you were on vacation. And your intention wasn't bad. But I think your apology reflects who you are and that's admirable. Apology ACCEPTED.
I was disappointed and sad when I heard of the controversy. I've always been told not to have even the appearance of wrongdoing. That's what was sad to me because I thought of how it really hurt your credibility no matter what the details of the event were.   Thanks for addressing the issue!
I appreciate that you made this video, although I think it should be on your main channel if you are genuinely apologetic. It’s not that I don’t lnow you’re a person too or that I think doctors have to be exemplary all the time. It’s that you have a platform. A very public platform. You speak to millions. And that’s a privilege that comes with responsibility. The fact that you’re hearting every comment that says something nice about you and not addressing the many people that have questions here is making me doubt that you really want to make right.
Never bow to the mob. You have no reason to apologize. Covid is a joke and you're actions show you truly don't believe it's as dangerous as your words claim it is.
You getting canceled for riding your new boat? We all have a better understanding of the risk of covid because of your help. Take a boat ride, see the ocean.
Is this dress gold or blue pt.2
Hey Doc! My love for your message remains the same! You are forgiven (I don't think it is necessary, but...). Now let's move on! :) You are an awesome guy!
not even on your main chanel？
I love doctor Mike and will always support him
People dumb. You’re okay.
I have so much respect for you dr. Mike, I’m sure this was not the easiest video to make. Please continue to do everything you do, keeping us happy and healthy, we are only humans and we will make mistakes. You have done so many good things throughout this pandemic and throughout the course of you having your channel. Please never stop, I will give you the same advice you always give us, stay happy and healthy.
As someone who does enjoy your content, I think that it wasn’t  just breaking  covid rules to, say, see your family, those photos made you look like a pretty big d-bag bro. To each their own but it was pretty cringe!
Perfect response my man.
yeah sorry.. can't forgive you on this one. I lost my job and my grandma to covid-19 , and while you were saying "social distancing" and bla bla ... while you were partying. Good bye Doc, it was a nice ride so far. Also, why not post it on your main channel? this behavior just screams that you don't even remotely care.
I just feel let down!
We are all human. It happens to the best of us.
the fact that this video was posted here rather than on the main channel...
Awe! So this THIS true!! Darn... I guess it is understandable how could u say no to a party? But to be honest, the public should be greatful for the honesty
He was choked up at the end. Broke my heart to see that!
Thank you for actually admitting you messed up and apologizing. because some people instead of admitting just make things worse or try and ignore the situation and im glad you came out to apologize. and you deserve forgiveness and its sad people are so judgmental without hearing the other side of the story. wish you the best of luck <3
Thanks for being transparent
how bout promise to go volunteer in covid clinics instead, offer up your time in service of your colleagues. I'm disappointed that during a time when legitimacy of science is being question (especially in the states) and being essentially the golden boy of medicine scoial media, there was not more insight and consideration initially. Apologies accepted, but dont be just sorry, be better. You have millions of folks watching you, the burden of that very real responsibility as a social media doctor is walk the talk.
We are human and make mistakes.  But, to admit to them and endeavor to repair that error openly and honestly, take a special man.  I will always think of you that way sir!  Thanks for being on YouTube Dr. Mike!!
Tired of you hypocrites   Talk one thing say another. Then apologize out of your ass to cover up only due to being caught. BS Dr Mike.
The hypocrisy that this pandemic has brought out in people is ridiculous. I love how people pretend that they aren't seeing anyone and are staying home 100% of the time. It is all bull. There is no way people are doing that 100% of the time. Absolutely not. Just another level of fake. I work in top 3 high risk jobs and I have yet to get it. It doesn't mean that it's not real but I'm not living in fear of it.
Love how you didn't have the balls to put this on your main channel, awesome fuckboi/pussboi energy.
Now doctor mike is doing apology videos... now i’ve seen everything
Sincere apology or damage control. We will never know.
Also you weren’t swimming in the pictures so why was the mask not on ?
This is honestly very disappointing. I was waiting for you to address this and hoping that you would do so and explain the situation to all of us that are very confused. The fact that you chose to post the video here on your second channel that only has ~50k subscribers compared to your main that has almost 7M, shows to me a certain amount of insincerity in this apology as it feels swept under the rug and hidden away. You addressed that you looked up guidelines on what you could and couldn’t do, but as a doctor you should have known that this was not okay regardless of those guidelines as we also know that the government in Florida has not been taking Covid very seriously. In the time that you did all this research, you should have realized that this was the wrong decision. As for you saying that “you messed up” and that this was a mistake, I’m sorry but I do not accept this as a simple mistake. We have been dealing with this pandemic for months, we are all aware that we should not be out partying with friends, you especially as you are working in the healthcare field. For those of us who have stayed home this entire time without seeing friends, it is very hurtful and you have lost my trust which I am equally sad about.
I think everyone who is taking this super seriously has had a moment they’ve slipped up. I feel guilty for going to get a pedicure a few weeks ago even though I wore a mask the whole time. This pandemic is difficult. We all miss normal life and going out to eat or hanging out with big groups of friends. Thankfully you’ve tested negative and I hope everyone else you were with is healthy too. You’ve handled this well. And try not to be too hard on yourself.
I appreciate your apology and the fact you are finally addressing it, although this is a slightly delayed response. However, I think it’s shady that you are hiding it on this channel with less followers and less views per video, and not advertising anywhere yourself that you have posted this. Take full accountability instead of trying to be hush hush about the situation.
That's a good apology. I'm glad you addressed this.
As a medical school applicant I really look up to you and admire all of the work you have done to educate ppl online and deliver advice to all of us during a hard time. I still support you and will always watch your videos, but this was disappointing.   I am not mad but I feel stupid that I was both practicing social distancing and caution like you insructed us and also telling others how important it is. Now the figure I look up to is going against the teachings he taught me. You made a mistake but I think you can grow from this and become better if you acknowledge and address this properly on your main platform and explain to others that this was wrong.  Do better Dr. Mike and I know you can
Most of us get it. You are young too, like me. We can't just stop enjoying  these beautiful life and live in fear. You blew out some steam. So what. We do what we can to stay safe, but not be paranoid in the same time. You surprize me with these video. Didn't know cared so much what media says. Respect.
thank you for showing us that it is important to know how to admit that we made mistakes and learn from mistakes.  This I call life.  Life is still making mistakes and learning is what makes us grow.  Thank you for being humble and making this video and for showing us that you are human above all and that we must be humble and deal with our mistakes. I love you most of all because of this.
Half the people commenting here about his one moment probably have broken the rules hundreds of times. It’s funny how hypocrites are calling him a hypocrite.
Thank you for admitting your mistake. Please post this on your main channel so people will actually see your apology. Having this on your less popular platform shows that you're trying to hide it
I hope all are safe and healthy.
Well done Dr. Mike. Virtual internet hug for you! 🤗
“Continue to learn from my mistakes” you mean making sure no one posts the evidence on social media?
This is even more insulting for all of us who, not only didn't party for almost a year, but wearing masks constantly since end of December! Honestly what you did completely ruined all your precious good work! Wow you did this 3 minutes apologize and everything should be OK now. But at least you had great time! Дурак!
Admitting when you make mistakes is really important. We're all human and make mistakes, Thank you for clarifying and for taking responsibility of your actions. GOD Bless, Have a blessed day!
Least your not like Karen's and Chads
Even your “big mistake” is way less worse then most people do these times. You don’t have to be this hard on yourself! It’s so honest of you to tell this story. We love you❤️
MS1 here. My classmates and I often bring up how nice it is having such an effective influencer in medicine. A guy with a great ability to act as a liaison to the often dry sounding medical community- relaying a message about masks and guidelines that may be ignored by a lesser charismatic force. Your surprise boat party (while not totally cool) is also something that can be chalked as a mistake. Two big issues remain Dr. Mike.   1. You’re still hiding. Your second channel falls in a small niche behind your larger platform. You’re unwilling to get ahead of those articles with an apology on your main channel which shows a tone of disregard in search of profits. If you make an online living (be it ten bucks or a million), you must be above reproach. Or at the very least, take the hit to your main channel.   2. Your apology alone is insufficient. Do more. You went after Figs hard when the website showed disrespectful images of female DOs. You said you’ll never buy from them again. What level will you go above being sorry that you would demand from Figs.   Hoping to see changes, you’re human yes but this field demands most as you know. Best.
Why isn't this on your main channel? You have 52k subscribers here but over 6 million people on your main channel. Are you not wanting people to see it? It just always seems super sketchy when people address something big on their smallest platform.
I felt like you're about to cry. You're such a passionate person and we respect that. And that video made me respect you even more. But sometimes we want to put ourselves first which totally okay. The fact that you checked the website again just to make sure that you're following the guidelines, Speaks volumes. Don't be hard on yourself. And I really hope that you enjoyed your trip and had fun🍻💃. Please stay HAPPY and healthy Mike❤ We love you too❤❤
I honestly wish that you posted this on your main channel where you have 6.49M subscribers as opposed to this channel where you only have 52.5k followers..
Why was this posted to your second channel with less than 1 million subscribers where less people could see? Why was your birthday more important than your integrity and the safety of others? Not a good look.
With all respect to doctors, nurses, etc. I have to say this: lots of people didn't see ANY friends in the past idk months, lots of people didn't celebrate their birthday, won't celebrate Christmas, etc. Lots of people lost their jobs because of Covid. Lost friends and family to Covid. EVEN IF they were careful. And let's not talk about those who lost their lives. YOU will not easily lose your job, you're a doctor, you're necessary. YOU can afford lots of tests. YOU can afford trips to wherever. But YOU are also a role model. You spit in all our faces who stayed at home, ALONE. I liked you, I trusted you. That's over. The thing you should have done isn't look up the guidelines for those activities. What you should have done, is reject this offer from your friends. The problem are not those who use this and say Covid doesn't exist. The problem are those people who think: hey, this is a doctor. He did it anyways. So why shouldn't we do it? And many of them will die. But honestly, there is always a plague in history to erase the stupid and selfish... I'm just sad about those who die despite any precautions. But this is on you and all the covidiots. Have a nice, luxery life, hypocrite. 👌
You’re Human, we all make mistakes. At least you owned up to the mistake and apologised. There’s a lot of influencers on YouTube who rather then just admit to their mistake and apologise they beat around the bush.
Everybody messes up. Admitting it is tough. I can't imagine being in your shoes right now.
Post this on your channel. There's so much confusion and anxiety at the moment. People want someone to look up to. You are right about it harming the message: it doesn't need to. Please put it on your channel. So many people believe Covid is a 'hoax' when there are many of us who have lost people.  You screwed up but we all do.
You didn’t let me down. I went on vacation with a nyc doctor and followed every guideline just like you. Did you post a vaca pic?! Duuuude bad idea. I’m more mad at you for THAT! Hah
This is literally the only apology video I believe. 🤔 And it's not even warranted 😂😂😂 wooooowwww y'all really made this man feel so bad about having a life outside of work even though he followed all the guidelines???
I think people often forget that doctors are still human beings who make mistakes just like anyone else. It happens, but what matters the most is that we learn from our mistakes. Thank you for sharing this as it could help someone else learn and become more educated. There’s always a positive side to everything. Much love!
Your human, and humans are not perfect. I believe in you Dr. Mike. And I understand what your saying. I also believe in the science. ❤️❤️❤️❤️ I’ll still be watching.... ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I am sorry some youtubers and conspiracy theorists who took advantage of your situation, turning it to suit their purposes. I know you are one of the most responsible and honest doctors I know - and I'd be hard pressed to believe otherwise.
Ewww.
Hey man shit happens. Have fun when you can. Youre a doctor so you know whats right for you
Thank you so much for making this video. Keep up the awesome job on making amazing content and keep on fighting that misinformation. People need to have access to the information that you provide to them. Seeing you get so emotional at the end had me getting emotional too. Watching you get so emotional made me  wish I could give you a giant hug. Sending virtual hugs instead.
this should really be on the main channel my guy
Everyone makes mistakes, and we all have to see that. The first thing you have to do is recognize you made a mistake. You did that. The next thing you have to do is think about how you can do better. It looks like you've done that. And you as an influencer have approached the people who look up to you and acknowledged that you made a mistake. It's okay. We all do stuff like that. We're humans, and no matter how hard we try not to mess up, we're gonna do so. Just keep on moving. As long as you are here, I know I will be because I am learning from you. Your videos have helped me with my studying for the NREMT. I think I'm almost ready. So thank you for continuing to post videos, and helping us learn. And thank you for being honest. It is important.
I would really recommend posting this on your main channel so it's more widely seen by disappointed/disenchanted fans - it's the kind of honest accountability that is so rarely seen and desperately needed in the online community.  I also agree that if you were a 'private citizen' the steps you took before hand would've been more than enough, and am sorry/sympathetic to the fact that there's clearly SOMEONE among your friend group who cannot be trusted not to leak damaging pictures.
I had no idea this happened but I understand
We support and love you brotha 🙏🏼
I get your excuses but its been said by many people that even if youre young or healthy you shouldn't risk going out because you can spread it to people who are vulnerable. I don't go out very much. I went to an outdoor restuant 2 times in the last like 8 months and I was so on edge about it.  When it comes to influencers online telling us to stay home and flatten the curve, I expect them to not mess up because once they do it makes them seem like a big liar.
Never trust influencers
If you get covid are you going to be honest with your viewers?
So sorry for what people are doing Dr.Mike. We all deserve time away from everything!  Dont beat yourself up too much!  We love you! ❤️
I really appreciate the vulnerability in this video. An eye-opener as well that we gotta do our best but we all make mistakes
It's 2am and and all my favorite creators are posting, today is a great day!
Eeeeeeeek I smiled when he said, “I live alone.”
No, you don’t deserve negative comments.  As a doctor and an educator you have done so much to help patients and your audience during the pandemic, much more than all of those commenters combined.
Important thing to remember as someone not only in the medical field but as someone in the spotlight is to practice what you preach. I didn’t like how you kinda tried to seem like you tried your best to look up the potential risks etc. because that does mean you knew it may be something you shouldn’t have been doing. So irresponsible and disrespectful to everyone you say you are trying to protect.
You've done nothing wrong,  I understand your point of view, I mean, I'm not famous, nor near to be, but I can make myself an idea of why you apologized, so the only thing that I'll say is: thank you for all that you've done, like being in front lines, for telling the truth and most importan, to be true to yourself. Love you  1 of your more than 4 M fans
Please post this on your main channel, I feel like it would be way way better.
Apology accepted Dr Mike. We all make mistakes during this pandemic. Sending greetings from Belize, I am a big fan of yours
••  When someone does something wrong .. don’t forget all the things they did right ...   GOD BLESS YOU DR. Mike 🤍
Good on ya Dr. Mike. Peace.
Your humility and grace speaks volumes. One lapse in judgement doesn’t undo the legacy of good you’ve cultivated. I can’t tell you how much of a comfort your unbiased expertise and sheer humanity have been, especially during this challenging time. There will always be those looking to exploit the misfortunes of others; all we can do is concentrate on the things we can actually control and move forward a little wiser and a little stronger. All the best to you, Dr. Mike. ❤️
We love you Dr Mike and are very thankful you are here guiding us through this pandemic. You don’t need to apologize. You wanted to have fun and you need to have fun! We respect and appreciate you
it's okay   welp we'll get better over time, and so will you
I do not know anyone over the age of about three who does mot make mistakes.  Yes, this is a big one, but it is not as bad as many who are in the publics eye have made on this same subject.   I am going to cut him some slack, hope he learned some lessons from it, and that in the future he is mote careful   Not because he might, once again, get "get caught" but because he learned from this.  Is there really any person in this country who has not medsed up and not worn a mask when we know we should jabe??
i can't believe how bad people made you feel for being human. sure you made a mistake, but i bet everyone who commented had not worn a mask out in public at least once if not more, since this virus was deemed a pandemic.
Everyone has a breaking point, we are all human. You took the precautions that are necessary for this outing. The conspiracy theorists can go and stuff it where the sun don't shine. You did everything in order to the recommendations, you have NOTHING to be so harsh on yourself about.  It has almost been 1 year, it is only normal that at one point or an other, we need human interaction AND the proper precautions were taken.  It's okay.  Stay alert, not anxious 👊🏻.
The circumstances we've all had to face this year have been incredibly unprecedented; not one of us has done something that we most definitely shouldn't have done. I live alone, I'm spending Christmas and New Year by myself for the first time, I've seen my family once this whole year and it's driving me stir fucking crazy. I've slipped up and had a one night stand and even though it was with a friend it's still something I shouldn't have done and I regret it because I've been so good with following the restrictions and government guidelines.
Would someone let me in on what this is even pertaining to? I just started following the channel. All of the videos that are recent don't seem to be controversial at all. What is this even about?
We forgive you Dr Mike 😀
Mike, I accept your apology. Although I think posting it on your secondary channel is a cop-out. Post this on your main channel as well if you're so willing to take responsibility for your error.
You’re not the only doc or healthcare worker who has “fallen short”. I hope you had a blast on the boat!! Given my risk factor I’d go on a boat too 🤷🏻‍♀️ many people have and no one has said anything, they just aren’t in the spot light like you are! ❤️
I KNEW IT! I knew you wouldn’t be in a harmful situation!!! Thanks for letting us know you still take it seriously and that you checked the same guidelines we all do! I still trust you.
I don't see the mistake🤔
Virtual hugs from me to you.  ʕっ•ᴥ•ʔっ I figured that there was much more to the story than what was being said... And even though you followed protocol... You still apologized because you recognized the uproar that was caused... It takes a rather mature individual to do what you did... You took the time out to reflect on the situation and then you approached it in a logical manner..   Keep being awesome. Stay safe and take care.
Can someone point me to the video originating all this?
I think you checked out all the resources to check what your social obligations are before you went away. You did what you did, and I respect that you’ve brought this video out... but I think you’re being pretty hard on yourself.
Yes it was a mistake and a big one. I saw it first in a British newspaper as highlighted news. The article was not benign to you and your friend especially the attractive female ones but I guess you know this. I felt very disappointed as being someone who is studying to be a health care professional you are one of my role model. Then I realised that just because you do a high quality work and became famous it doesn't make you less of a human. We are all imperfect and sometimes do mistakes. If every person would do the safety measures what you do we won't be in this situation so it's very unfair to put all those hurt on you. Because of your positive reputation you probably haven't experienced that much negativity before but people will forgive and forget. It was very brave of you to stand up and acknowledge this mistake. I believe you learn from it. Never forget how many people love you. You are still my (and not just mine) role mode I hope you will remain in good spirit. I'm also sending you my prayers.
I just love you. I love your humble and honest character... this is why I watch your videos for accurate and honest information. Thank you for all your videos!! 🥰
Mistake??  What mistake???  It sounds like you were very cautious and double checked things that I would not have even thought of checking in  the first place.  Humans are imperfect.   The only ones who never make mistakes are angels in heaven.
It's ok to mess up, it's ok...we are human and I get it...we are under a lot of pressure... Especially someone who is considered an influencer, so I appreciate this video and the conversation that this caused..  but my question is: why upload the video here with 50 000 subs and not on the main channel with millions?(honest question, I am not provocative nor angry or anything...just curious)
People makes mistakes. It's okay. Yeah, you need to learn any new mistakes that you made and those that you will, but you also need to remember ahat you said, that you are human too! Cut yourself some slack. That being said, thank you for admitting your mistake! Especially, in times like this. 😁
If you’re willing to admit you’re wrong, why did you delete comments calling you out? And why didn’t you post this video on your main channel?
You should post this on your main Channel so more people can see it. Seeing people attack you the way they did not knowing all the facts was sad. We all make mistakes but one mistake from you shouldn't have people totally disregarding everything you have done and said throughout this pandemic
You and your honesty are so appreciated. We all make mistakes and I’m so happy to see someone (especially a doctor) admit mistakes and do better. We absolutely still support you.
I don’t think you did anything wrong. People are always looking for ways to tear well-meaning people. You took all the precautions you could and someone decided to attack you with knowing the details 😕
I dont think u did anything wrong. I think people are just striving to create drama
It makes me so happy to see the celebrities and people on social media taking responsibility, we are all human and I forgive you. On fans words may mean nothing but as a whole I think I can say we forgive you or at least we do not hold it against you
This right here is why I fundamentally admire and respect this man I've never met. If public figures, politicians, leaders could have an ounce of the courage and integrity that you have shown here we would have a much better world. Thank you Mike. I sincerely mean that. Thank you.
We forgive you, and tbh I understand. I appreciate this apology, but just so you know you DO NOT deserve all the hate and people coming after you. We all make mistakes, it happens.
This man did not need to apologize, I’m just glad he lived his life while taking the correct precautions.
Thank you so much for this video
Now post this on the main channel.
Bro, you’re in your 20s/early 30s and it was your birthday, it’s all good 👍💯 We get it
You gotta practice what you preach man. This turning out to be true is disappointing. We cancelled my grandmas 80th birthday back in March, I probably won’t see her for her 81st. Why travel at all? Why not politely decline the boat surprise out of an abundance of caution? I get that we are all human and it’s great that you have the integrity to make this video, but it doesn’t make it any less disappointing that this is even a thing.
Thank you for such a sincere apology.  I'm not sure it is necessary since everyone makes a mistake.  As long as you have tried your best I don't think there is a problem or should be a problem.
Glad you’re addressing this, but why isn’t this on your main channel?
You have nothing to apologize for! You are human and missed your Dad. You are young and wanted some fun and a break from a high stress job. Sorry the trolls got to you. ❤️
I do truly think that he can learn and grow from this because this pandemic has been going on for so long that it’s extremely difficult to follow all the rules perfectly but why post the apology on the second channel
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Big heart, great soul...
Just don't put your life on social media during such trips. 😇
You should post this to your main channel.
It's okay we are all human no one is perfect thank you for being humble .... It's okay !❤️
I really appreciate this apology, nothing changes, this man is an amazing person, excellent Doctor, handsome, funny, and honest so, all good❤️❤️
I appreciate you taking ownership of your mistake and defending CDC and WHO guidelines. We're certainly all human, and we all deserve a chance to improve ourselves instead of being crucified. That said, I think the seriousness of this issue merits it being uploaded to your main channel rather than a secondary channel with a fraction of your viewers. Hope all is well, and glad to hear you've tested negative since the trip.
Ay, Dr. Mike... I wish I could be there to give you a hug (well, not a hug, because covid), to comfort you and reassure you that it will be OK. I can't speak for anyone else but me, but trust me, your medical message is one of the loudest and clearest in my opinion, and this tiny little mistake has no effect on it whatsoever... Stay happy and healthy!!
... who is without sin throw the first stone ... 🙂
| People who've never hated doctor Mike  V
Oh wow. Is this the first ever apology video that is not terrible, is from the heart and honest or what
Stay happy and healthy, that’s all that matters. Do not let others judge you, we must remain united
We all have not followed the rules at 110% at some point. So those who judge you should look at what they do themselves first. No one should be attacked because we all do our best with what we have. In any case you did follow the protocols, you said it yourself. Although, I understand the affect of the impact.  What you did is seen as a mistake only because you are well-known and that people posted about it. But it isn't worse than anyone else. You have an enormous weight on your shoulder that we don't have, due to being famous, so don't put even more pressure on yourself. No need for apologies in my opinion.  Be kind to yourself... 💜✨
While I appreciate the apology, it would actually mean more on your MAIN channel instead of hiding it here. DO BETTER
I appreciate this a lot
Thank you. Thank you for saying that people need to stop attacking the science. Thank you so much. You honestly have no idea how much that has meant to me.
It is okay doctor Mike To err is human...
Why isn’t this on the main channel 😒
Doctor Mike's hardest critic is himself, and that's why I love him: self-insight, passion and concern about his impact in the world, and a generosity of spirit that belies his youth. Never stop my friend, we need you 🙏
You're only human. We all are. Stay happy and healthy 💗
You disappoint me. Thank you for owning up to your mistake.
Dr Mike deserves some time off and to have fun. He followed all the guidelines and measures that were in place at that time in that state. He carefully considered the risk. I see nothing wrong with that. It's not up to Mike to apologize for the misappropriation/misrepresentation of his personal time to further someone else's agenda.
You have done far more good than harm when it comes to COVID-19. Nobody, and I mean nobody has behaved perfectly through all of this. We all just need to do our best. I'm not sure I would have had the strength to say 'no' had my friends done that for me. Without my 'COVID circle of close, intimate friends (about 4) I would have lost my mind.
I appreciate how you've accepted that you made a mistake, thank you for everything you do for the medical community.
Privet boat wow 🤩 how rich is your friend lol
I think it is fair to say that most of us are struggling to find the balance between doing what is safe for the community and ourselves versus our innate human desire to celebrate momentous occasions, travel, be with friends, etc. While knowing very well the risks involved with those activities. I am sure that as a public figure and renouned physician, you are under particular scrutiny. But the truth is, you had far more forethought than many other people would have had in your situation. Forethought and hesitancy and sense of humanity is how we survive this pandemic.
It’s all good 🥰
I'm disappointed but people are humans.
No. I'm still pissed.  How can people make Dr. Mike feel like he has to carry the world on his shoulder. He worked his ass of trying to keep people healthy for months.Then he is a little less perfect for his birthday and people demand even more??  He has done more for everybody than most people. HE IS ON YOUR SIDE. Go look at all of those who are NOT keeping you guys happy and healthy. Direct your anger there!! You have to  chose your battles and this ain't it!   If all of us acted like Dr.Mike for the last months we wouldn't even have a pandamic anymore. This is not fair.
Hey Dr. Mike, this clip to your viewers should be on your main channel of almost 6.5 million subscribers, not the one with only 52 thousand.
Dr Mike, you are so honest and humble! We all make mistakes. And that’s ok. Thank you for clarifying and being honest!
Honestly, He has done so many great things on his channel donating scrubs, masks and money. I've been following his channel sice it surpassed 100.000 subscribers and I am very proud what he encouraged and how he uses his platform for good. He might has made a mistake but we shouldn't forget how many valuable things he did.
Everyone makes mistakes. You are only human. This is something none of us have been through and it's been a long ass time quarantined and people are bound to make mistakes but owning up to them is brave.
You are incredibly professional.
Thank you for finally addressing this! Wishing you well.
Ok I wasn't going to say anything, but you have friends over all the time. As a Canadian in a second lockdown, that pisses me off.  I saw my niece today (outside and at a distance) and she's too young to understand why Auntie won't give her a hug. It broke my heart.
Are you going to address the comment blocking, or just block anyone who talks about it?
Hey, its okay! We all fuck up sometimes. You did the right thing, take accountability and move on :)
I don't think anyone questions your legitimacy as a doctor. And whoever is criticizing you for having fun while being a doctor needs a hard look at the mirror. My issue was more of the fact that you did it when millions are unemployed and struggling economically while also telling others to stay home and wear a mask. I'll keep watching and continue to be part of your patreon, but if Kim Kardashian got shit thrown at her for having a party for her birthday, I don't see why the standard should be held any different for you. Guys let's not cancel him or shit like that, all we can hope for is that he learned his lesson.
This was the right move, but it's a shame that it had to be.
It’s easy to apologize after you had a rocking good time. It is really hard to say “no I just can’t do this.”  That is what you should have DONE. Also why was it necessary to post it on the internet? Dude you just failed most epically. Also if you aren’t smart enough to see what the conspiracy theorist would have done with your actions, you shouldn’t be giving advice on YouTube.
Wellp. I heard Dr. Mike was on a boat so now I don't believe in science anymore. Time to go live in the woods, coated in mud and use toads, fireflies and and sticks to treat what ails me. Also, I'm just kidding. Thank you for what you do and keep spreading the good word.
But not on the main channel Mike?
An honest apology - respected and understood. :)
You're human. Give yourself grace
Admitting when you're wrong instead of ignoring it or brushing it off like I have seen in other people and Youtubers, being honest and showing that you're willing to learn from the mistakes. We're all human. People make mistakes but it's important to admit them when necessary. Nobody's perfect. Great video. All well accepted. Wish many other people would be like you in such situations.👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I appreciate this video, it should be on your main channel Doctor Mike.  Do that, please!! This is too big of a story for your apology to be on the smaller of your channels. I respect you and I believe in you and science.
Thanks for being transparent. I appreciate you for how you’ve used your influence to promote evidence-based medicine to the greater public.
Your honesty makes you an even more credible source in my eyes! Thank you for being a wealth of REAL information during this time. Keep doing what you’re doing Mike! Wishing you all the best!
but why didn’t he say no to the party......
I guess I missed something
I truly think you were selfish for what you did and inconsiderate. You could've done better. I am happy you admit it but you freaking messed up Mike, opening up yourself and people who believed in your message. God bless you.
Thank you Doctor Mike! It is so unfortunate that you are held to such a greater standard than so many others, that although you were following all health guidelines, you must consider your public image as well. Your transparency is so appreciated and you deserve nothing but kindness and forgiveness
Thank you for addressing this and doing it the way you did. You’ve shown a great deal of humility and that’s why I’m remaining subscribed. While we are all fans of yours, we cannot forget that you are every bit as human as we are. The difference is that our mistakes aren’t broadcasted for the world to see and have such huge consequences, something I’m sure is hard for you to deal with every day. We need to extend to you the same grace we would want.
Thank you so much for coming out with this. I've been watching your channel for a few years and when I heard about you on a yacht I wondered if this was a moment of weakness or if you had stopped being concerned about the risk. I've noticed more in person collaborations lately on your videos so I feared the latter. Glad to know you are still committed and I don't blame you. Life is meant to be lived. It looks like you have a good life, so all the more temptation.
Everybody makes mistakes. We often experience lapses in judgement. Every, single one of us! What you did does not make the facts of COVID-19 any less true or the effects any less impactful And it takes guts to apologize so publicly AND genuinely (any politician can apologize, but it doesn't mean they actually mean it) So for what it's worth, apology accepted
I accept your apology and I hope you do, do better. Principle matters, especially when you are putting yourself out there to be an influencer/teacher. This was a tough lesson. Thank you for your honesty.
** Gets teacher voice out **  Doctor Mike, you followed all protocols for your trip and did not do anything wrong. You have been a front line worker throughout all of this, you deserve a break and your trip was well within regulations. Personally, I don't think you did make a mistake, however, you are human, mistakes are made, but please don't apologise for being human. You are a great doctor and have been working continuously throughout the pandemic. I'm not sure what it's like in the US, but here in the UK, mental health alongside covid is a huge deal, so trips necessary for mental health reasons are allowed. You need to make sure YOU stay happy and healthy in order to help us stay happy and healthy. K agree with what MDJ said in her comment, you're a great doctor and keep up the good work x
what he says is true, but still, there is a difference between people who party in huge crowds, going out to different places with different people, not giving a single fuk about those around, and Mike, who follows all the guidelines, and after half of a year of social distancing, after thorough research and with all safety measures and a select few friends decides to have a single meeting. and people snap at him like fucking vultures.
Thank you for your transparency.  If anything, I feel like this has highlighted the need to better inform the public/demonstrate how to make personal risk assessments.
Thank you for owning up to your mistakes! I appreciate your apology and I love how you’ve made your whole platform about education everyone about current issues in the world right now and what we should be doing to keep everyone the safest we can! Everyone makes them, and I don’t think being rude or saying that oh see COVID isn’t real and isn’t affecting anyone is ABSOLUTELY NOT THE ANSWER! Covid is and always has been real and needs to be taken seriously!
Admitting mistakes, appologising and  staying true are rare traits of finest beings.. We all love you Dr. Mikhail Varshavski..
I’m not gonna lie and say that I wasn’t disappointed, because I was. I look up to you and you teach me so much and I have been sharing your video’s a whole lot. So when this was mentioned on reddit, I didn’t want to believe it at first. It didn’t sound like something you would do.   However, you are indeed human. You miss your friends and family and have to put yourself at risk every day.  You don’t get a break.   I’ve thought about this and what it must be like for you and I want to let you know that it is okay to make mistakes.  For anyone else there would have been a frown, but for you its unfortunately news that has travelled the world.    I am proud to see that you have taken accountability and did it in such a vulnerable way. That is what a teacher would do.  It’s now also time to give yourself some grace. We love you and what you stand for and for whatever its worth: I will still support you. It doesn’t change how I see you.   I also think that this is a good lesson to not put public figures on such a pedestal and expect them to be without flaws. That is just not fair.  This doesn’t effect how good of a doctor you are or what kind of person you are.   You made a mistake.  Its time to forgive yourself.
You have done nothing wrong! It’s the people who were attacking you that are wrong. They’re looking for any excuse to make it seem that Covid is it serious. You have every right to have your own personal life.
Im going to say that peer pressure is a thing and not wanting to say sorry; the boat is a bad idea, sorry for your $$$ loss.
Honestly this time has been ROUGH and taking a break as safely as possible I think is okay as long as no one is being put at risk but what isn't okay is trying to use such a reputable person to make people think masks don't work! My parents state is having record high highs and all the comments on their towns news paper is "oh yeah we wear masks and the numbers go up" But the corona IS NOT a public sickness it follows you home! It is anywhere you go around other people EVEN family
Imagine disliking this vid
We all fuck up sometimes.......thank you for your honest recount Dr Mike...... I can’t speak for everyone.... but I forgive you this was honest and heartfelt and you deserve credit for that...
IT'S OK!
I appreciate your apology Dr. Mike. I wasn't aware of this situation. I suggest this apology gets posted on your main channel so your fans are aware this apology exists and no one says that you weren't trying to reach your full audience because it was posted on your second channel. Just a thought.
You are wonderful at spreading awareness and an aura of positivity, however, posting your alibi on the second channel will not show your mass of viewers that you have an explanation and that you are sorry...
I admire you so much for addressing this situation. However, You ARE a human being you are allowed to have fun, following the safety guidelines.  Dr.Dilshad also go out and have fun, he post them in intastoies, is he also wrong? No, I don’t think so, he also seems to follow the  safety guidelines.
LOVE YOU Dr Mike you have helped me so much actually take my health into perspective and it’s my #1 you’re so awesome and a helpful guide 💪🙏🏽❤️
I’m sorry, I completely disagree with this video. I think you’re completely justified to have celebrated your birthday in a safe way. You didn’t mess up, and I’m sorry you’re too weak minded to stand by your initial sound judgement. Pathetic.
It’s okay Mike! You are human and we still love you .
You can't be perfect, but it doesn't sound like this was a mistake.  You're not responsible for the people intentionally twisting the situation into something it wasn't.  It might hurt the message, but you've addressed it.  Hopefully, the people who need to understand the message get it.
I'm glad you addressed this. I was disheartened when I saw the pictures and videos, I wanted to hear your side of the story before jumping to conclusions about your character. It sounds like you were faced with a dilemma with very little time to make a decision, and you've admitted you made the wrong one - people have been looking to you as a source of information and also comfort during these times, but they're also looking to you to do the right thing, and I hope you do that going forward.
You could've just said no ya know. If they're good friends they would understand, but on the other hand what kind of friends think it's a good idea to rent a private boat and throw a party in a pandemic? They don't sound like good people to me. Practice what you preach, not only for people around you do it for the people that watch you on Youtube and your patients.
Thank you for addressing this, Dr Mike!  As a loyal fan, I appreciate it.  Please stay safe and healthy as we need you!   ❤️
Can you clarify on your main channel this is your channel. Because you always mention that you only have one account on every major platform, and when I saw this I thought this may not be you but someone who just take clips and reposts them. It's okay if you want to show thyis comment in a video and thanks!
🤔 I don't understand.. you checked all the rules and laws.. and did everything right.. I don't understand y you are saying sorry for
2020 is stressful for many but don't waver.  You've gathered such an audience whom look up to you. I don't really know the stress but I don't want to ever have to see you lose your intentions or goals. You've already made such an impact on your audience and the community. It's actually made me want to be someone that others can lookup to. So continue to stay strong Dr. Mike!
I love you doc and will continue to support you.
I want to thank for showing others that its ok to apologies for being wrong and that we are all human and we mess up sometimes. Thank you for be a good role model and owning up to your mistakes and for handling it with grace as you always do with every topic you talk about. Hope you and Bear keeping well :)
its okay dr.mike we all make mistakes but we learn a valuable lesson from your mistakes and that okay as long as u learn your lesson and better yourself from your mistakes its alright were all not perfect but its okay to me mistakes because you wont know what your doing is wrong
Look man we’re all people we can’t be perfect but what makes us great is acknowledging mistakes and you sir are great thank you
At least you accepted it Mike. That’s what matters for now. Much love!
❤️❤️ You are human Dr. Mike and humans aren’t perfect. I applaud your admitting that you made a mistake while others would have just said nothing. You are a fantastic person and this video only makes me love and respect you more! Stay happy and healthy
Thank you for being honest
You’re only human, part of being human is making mistakes and learning from them. We all mess up but being able to admit it so openly and honestly is what makes you one of the good ones. ☺️
It's such a tough time. I feel badly for the people who have worked so hard this year who can't take a personal day from it all. I'm sorry you have to think about the impact of you taking a much deserved and needed time away.
Dr. Mike: “I’m sorry. I let you down.” Me: Nah, you’re good. 😂🍦
Everyone is human including you. Humans mess up. You will make more mistakes and that’s okay. Thank you for your apology. I know you didn’t mean anything by what happened. I am glad you were able to have a good time for your birthday. Like I always say, thank you for all that you do. Your videos have gotten me through so much. ❤️
from the photos i saw it seems that it was a situation healthy young men have faced throughout the ages: thinking with the little head
Please consider putting this on your main channel with about 6 and a half million instead of just this channel with only 52.4 k in comparison. It seems a lot less sincere when tucked away here instead of taking full accountability where you have a much bigger platform.
We are all humans and we all make mistakes, and okay you made a mistake and what?  Mistakes help us learn and not make them again We love you Doctor Mike and we are thankful for everything ❤
"I checked the guidelines"  The guidelines were not to travel. You travelled anyway. The guidelines are not to get upclose and personal with a bunch of random people. You did that anyway. The guidelines are made by politicians, while medical professionals screamed from the sidelines that those guidelines weren't good enough.  You looked at your own risks?  The risks were never for you, specifically, and you know that. Yes, you're low risk. Congrats. The risk is to all the people you spread it to. The risk is that you fill up the hospital with the elderly, immunocompromised, and frankly- the fat people. The risk is there's no room left for the people in car accidents. With gun shot wounds. The *pregnant*.  "I'm human"  You're a doctor who very well might have resulted in the deaths of the families of your friends. Of your patients. You don't get to use "I'm human" as an excuse. You're a human who read, and understood, every possible angle of this. You get to be a human who made this mistake. You don't get to be a doctor who made this mistake.  I appreciate that he spoke about this finally. I'm going to stop ranting about him now. I've unsubbed, and I'm done with him. I won't leave anymore pissy messages.  The fact that he tried to hide this in the first place is disgusting.  But this apology really isn't good enough. What he did was an insult not just to people, but to doctors who are beyond exhausted who would never get on a plane and travel.
It's all good, Dr Mike- we still love you man
While it's good you're apologising, you brought this on yourself. It's your fault they're doing this. While I am angry at your hypocrisy, I will keep supporting you, just because I don't have the attention span to read medical journals so you're the only real source of this knowledge I can use.
Thank you for making this video, it's nice to see a youtuber admit to a mistake. I still think this should on the main channel.
I'm glad you straight up admitted you were wrong 👏🏾👏🏾 a lot of us have made the same mistakes during this pandemic. some more extreme than others, but still. You're not a perfect person and that's okay. I'm just glad you genuinely admitted you were wrong and apologized.
Humility to admit when wrong and grace to learn from mistakes. What everyone, should learn from this.  we got your back.
It must have been difficult for you, but thank you for doing the right thing. I love you too.
Everyone is human and makes mistakes, good job at owning up. I’d say you should probably post this to your main channel.
While it’s great that you said something about this, I think it would be better to be transparent on your main account, rather than the one with a substantially less amount of followers.
You SHOULD probably put this on your main channel. What you did was harmful and I think it would set a better example for your FULL 6 million subs instead of 50k.
I'll admit, I was a little disappointed when I saw the boat pics. Lots of us have cancelled fun plans this year and sat at home as others go on their vacations regardless of how ill-advised. But, you are a human who is prone to missteps and I accept your apology because I truly feel you meant it. Be well Dr. Mike!!
I saw the article then you uploaded and I got the video notification.... I watched the video then read the article...... and saw the pictures......  You can only talk for your actions after by quarantine, none of the others there. The rules are there for a reason, you know this, we all know this. So now you've lost credibility, not just for this but it will trickle into everything, this will be the first thing people throw back at you. This will always come back to haunt you when you think you have "a powerful or good message to share" which is contrary to others. You will be "that dr. now".....   To be honest losing your credibility is as bad as it can get... now what. I mean time will help but this is the first arrow in the oppositions quiver... to down play you as a hot "Dr." giving massages to bikini clad beauties than following even your own advice...  I'm sure you know all this but I am sad, I just hope you have the fight to get back to where you were, you were already fighting a hard battle in the US with the health system.....
Dr mike you are one of the hardest working persons on here u deserve to have a way to release stress and u did follow the guidelines. People have to understand you are first and formost a person like all of us. People will always find a way to bring u down. It really sadens me that u even have to make a video like this.  Sending u much luv and respect to you and all fellow persons in the  medical fields...
Doctor Mike wearing hazmat suit: *looks at boat*  Doctor Mike later that day: Forgive me for I have sinned!     Jokes aside, it's important to stay healthy not only in body but also in mind. Now this doesn't mean to just forget about the regulations and do whatever, and that's also not what you did. You tried your best to stay extra safe given the circumstances.  For you as a medical influencer and a doctor the current epidemic must be extremely stressful, and I think it was and is important for you to make some time for yourself,  even if it may slightly increase your workload shortly afterwards, like with this apology video.  I realise, that for you it's not necessarily about the work involved, but the message sent. But! As you've said in the video, you just have to learn from your mistake,  which in this case is possible at all, because you've taken extra precautions.  TLDR: Look after yourself  Stay healthy and have a great day
Reads the title...  ...... well that’s one of the sexiest things a man could say  Please remember that you are only one man and a human. People makes mistakes. You have a good heart. You will 100% make more mistakes. Forgive yourself and move forward with humility transparency and a lesson learned. Love and light
I’m just lost for words... thank you for being a gentleman and an honest human being.
We all make  mistakes  it's ok xx
You’re human, it’s ok. We all make mistakes. But you know what? You being able to admit this shows how incredible and responsable you really are. Thank you for admitting this, and being able to.
I don't understand why you feel the need to apologize. You said you followed guidelines/rules and you also plan on self quarantine when you get back to NY. While I understand we all have to do our part to reduce the spread of this virus, we still need human interaction and you going out on a boat with your friends while following the rules isn't going to be what tips this pandemic one way or another. In my personal opinion, I don't see that you have anything to apologize for. Thank you for continuing to  fight misinformation and thank you for your service as a medical professional during these difficult times. #healthcareheros #bekindtoyourself
Humans make mistakes. You are a good human when you acknowledge to have made a mistake and take responsibility for your decisions. Respect for taking responsibility for your own actions. that is what you should do.
It takes real humility and self-awareness to admit when we've done something wrong. I appreciate your honesty, self-reflection, genuine apology and desire to do better. We all make mistakes, but not everyone is willing to give a proper apology for them, let alone on such a big scale as this.
Weren't you allegedly deleting and blocking users who pointed out that you were parting maskless on a boat?
Not enough. Please post this on your main channel. And, per many, many guidelines, you shouldn't have traveled, at. all. I'm a high risk individual. I've lived in lock down since March to save myself and others. Not enough. Do much better.
you know someone is mature when they admit their mistake and learn from it ! being a doctor doesn't mean it's impossible to make mistakes, they're just like us
Your remorse is genuine.
I still don't really know what happened, but you're human too, and nobody can do perfect without any failings.
I'm sure this was rough to film. And I can see that you are genuine. Thank you for coming forward - though I feel this should have gone on your main channel. Not everyone sees this channel, I think you'd reach a wider audience that way.   This apology means a lot to the people who have been rooting for you and have defended you through this. Got to admit my heart was crushed a little when I saw what had happened, but I was crushed not because of what happened, but because I saw so much negativity. I'm glad you were inactive on twitter because holy crap a lot of people bit you.  Thank you for telling us we matter to you. Because you matter to us.
everyone makes mistakes :) it takes a big man to admit their mistake, but dr mike you deserve to be at peace your benevolence outweighs your mistakes by far ! Dont be too too hard on yourself <3
Its ok Everyone makes mistskes and making one shouldn't create a tornado of hatred
We all have this pandemic fatigue, we all need some slack. By now we have been inside for so long
Science is proof of what is known and covid is known for a pandemic that causes many fatal lives....so people saying its fake or its to keep us at home, yes but also what? Covid is scientifically proven for reasons!!! Masks are effective and social distancing is also effective!! Stay safe for the sake of your life and the ones around you 💚💚 No hate on Dr.Mike, he knows when he wrong and owns up to it rather than pretend it never happened 💚 Some people are out hear saying Covid never happened or was real, its devastating to see people like this :/
Thank you for this video. It's hard to come out and say that you've done something wrong, I appreciate you owning up to that. You're only human.
Doctor Mike, you’re a HUMAN! My grandma is in a care home ( not a nursing home) and we don’t fault them for living their lives. Please please don’t beat yourself up. Quarantine and go on, we all have to live. ❤️🙏 Love you and i truly hope you had a great birthday. ITS OK😊
Okay. I forgive you. I love you again.
He burden you bear is imo, excessive. Even if some may say you've consented to it.
Making mistakes prove that you are human and everyone makes mistakes it doesn’t matter what you did it only matters how you deal with it we all love and care support you and you being able to say that you made a mistake means a lot lotta people can’t say that they made a mistake so they blame it on others and you are amazing for being able to admit that you made a mistake I hope that we can all learn from our mistakes.much love and care ❤️❤️
Thanks for stepping up man. Good on you.
👈🏼 *Beats Dr. Mike with 50 lashes from a wet noodle then tells him to go stand in the corner for an hour *.  Fortunately nobody came down with covid which would have really made things terrible.  Thanks for your honesty doc,  we'll see you again on Sunday
We are all humans. Nobody is perfect. Everyone makes mistakes. Don't be so hard on yourself we all know it's been a tough year. We always love you and support you ❤
Your honesty has ways been one of the reasons I respect you.
yikes
You’re human and all humans make mistakes. Even though you went out you took it seriously which is obviously very important. You don’t deserve to be torn down or get hate comments or videos because of a single choice. Thank you for being open and honest and vulnerable. Your message is important.
Thank you. We appreciate your humility. We hear you. ❤️
❤️❤️❤️
We forgive you like you said you are human and you made call which seemed right at that particular time but then you realise now with the backlash that you offroaded a Lil bit it happens it would be unfair if us to also hold it against you what's most important is realising your mistake acknowledging it then finding a resolution
I feel like you should address this on your main channel where you have a larger audience.
Thank you for admitting you did make a mistake and we are all humans and I am glad you can out an apoligize because not a lot of people can admit they made a mistake. I will always respect you because I learn so much from you as a college student pursuing a career in the medical field.
We all make mistakes, but I appreciate everyone who admits them. Thank you very much for that.
Well he really have deep thought about you actions. Nice apology
You can talk about the hijab situation, when you where with philip the franco
It's okay. We are all human.
My respects to you. It is of the wise to recognize when you mess up and apologize. That being said we support you and we (the real ones) know that you did and that we all make mistakes. Don't let this keep you down.
That was really sincere, thank you. Although I don't think it's right for people to judge you off of what is seen in headlines online, because there is always more to every story, it is very big of you to step up and address it. I think anyone who is a true supporter of yours knows you would never do something to intentionally put yourself and others in an uncomfortable situation. We still love and respect you Dr. Mike!
The virus puts pressure on all of us. You've still positively influenced a bunch of people on this pandemic despite your screw up.
Grace and kindness my friend. To yourself and others.
Миша сам знает что этот пандемия дурацкая и вот почему он поехал.
Thank you for owning up to it  My family has taken all the precautions and rules and regulations since day one... But now i am at home with 3 covid positive family members, who are sick... Just because somebody else didn't take precautions... And didn't follow the rules.
I'm sorry so was his mistake going down to Miami on the boat or is it something else?
I personally was not affected by your trip. I know that you have great morals and you stick to your word. If you traveled I know it was with every precaution in mind and every safety measure possible. I don't want to speak for anyone else but in MY case, the message that you have delivered since the beginning of the pandemic to the present date has not been affected what so ever by any decision you took. Thank you for the explanation and I hope you continue to stay happy and healthy as well.
You took into consideration more risk/benefits than 99% of the public do. Nobody is perfect 100% of the time, and thats ok.
We are all human. We all make mistakes, but someone who admitting them is the best option.
Most of us are trying our hardest to do our very best and follow all the rules. But I challenge every other person out there to look at themselves and try and say that they have not made a single mistake in their actions during this pandemic. No matter how hard we try we are all eventually going to make a mistake! That is human nature, so we learn from our mistakes and we move on. There’s no need to attack people and make them feel even worse!♥️
Thank you Dr. Mike, we love you too! I always look to you for the image of someone good... and you have always held that even for the past 4 years I've been here with you. This transparency means  the world to me and probably many others. Stay Happy and Healthy and Strong <3
i appreciate this, because instead of waiting for it to become a huge scandal and waiting for people to get mad, you came out and said you made a mistake. thank you so much.
I just want to say to anyone reading this, Mike says to attack him and not the science. Don't attack him. Don't attack his friends. We're all just doing the best we can to get through this pandemic.   Not excusing what you did Mike, but to me, one mistake doesn't negate 300+ videos of solid medical/life information. Appreciate you.
thanks for coming out and talking about your mistakes. you're an amazing doctor who is putting good messages out there and people now like to tear down everyone for a single mistake. keep up the amazing work your doing
Thanks for your humbleness and humility Mike. Great message.
Are you going to put this on your main channel where most of your audience is or no? Thank you for doing an explanation. And also yeah you may have been careful but you got to think of the people around you and what they will do
I thought those were old pictures
Thank you for addressing the issue head on, the clarity that you give us and transparency is why I (and I'm sure many other people) keep watching your videos and listen to your advice. Stay safe, Dr. Mike.
Cancel culture at it again with exaggerations, pointing fingers, plugged ears, and closed hearts. You have done all you needed to do now: apologize and admit wrongdoing. Don't let them push you to do more. You are a human being who makes mistakes and as long as you learn from this, you don't deserve to be ridiculed and attacked.
♥️
We still love you Mike❤❤❤
Thank you Mike. Sorry you had to address your personal life.
I am a CNA on a Covid Positive floor and we all make mistakes. We’re human. Admitting those mistakes and owning up to it is what sets us apart from the rest.
Thank you for the video Dr. Mike - very well said.
Thanks,  Mike!  You are doing a lot of great work.   Don't let one thing get you down.
Thank you for doing this. I understand that it has been tough on you as well. You messed up and the pandemic deniers are absolutely using you to make a "point". But I really appreciate you owning up to this.  Edit: I just realized this is your second channel. The majority of your audience are at your main channel. I hope you are planning on uploading the same video there as well. If not, it is a terrible look on you.
I don't judge you dr.mike you are a human, a person who has a life besides being a doctor and being on youtube. It takes alot to admit when you're wrong and this just makes me admire you even more. Thanks and i love you
When I heard this happened I really honestly thought this is a lie people found old photos and created all this.. and it's just fake news.. as much as it's like yes you took calculated risks and then shared photos of it so of course this was coming. But people need to remember leaders are people too. Regardless of what others do you need to find your lines that you wont cross. What you will and wont do and stick to that not using the actions of others to give you an excuse to do something you know is the wrong thing to do.
I respect this message
He's doing this because he was caught.
I read about this and wondering if he would address it also i didnt think it was true so thank you dr.mike for admitting your mistakes.
We love you too ❤️
We all mess up Dr. Mike!!! From my perspective it was honestly a mistake. You still have my full support.
I might have missed it, but is this clip on your main channel as-well?
I absolutely appreciate your honesty.  But we should never forget that we are all humans. And NO, YOU DON'T deserve that. You are a great human being. I have a high respect for you. Peace and Love ✌🏽❤️
We all make mistakes Dr Mike. I don't think it detracts from your message at all. Given you're in the public eye people will be hypercritical even though the risk/benefit isn't necessarily there in these situations. Despite what the media might be portraying it as, I think anyone who has ever watched one of your videos knows how genuine you are and won't hold this against you. Regardless of the media storm, hope you had a good birthday otherwise, making time for your friends and family is important, especially in this time.
We all mess up sometimes, you can't be hard on yourself.
Everybody can make mistakes doctor. We accept your apology
You are human. Just because you are on a public platform, does not take that away. You are doing your best, you are doing an amazing job keeping everyone educated, and we appreciate you. Continue to be great.
Glad he adressing it
no worries  you and your gals are way too sexy happy  which I miss,I wanna be like that..make humans free again !
Thank you Dr. Mike
I would have respected you more if you had put this in your main channel with way more subscribers.
Love you for this. 🙏🏼 I hope all is well! Well wishes to you and your family. Much ❤️
This is new and every changing for everyone. We all need to give ourselves some grace
It's ok thank you Mike we understand thank you for explaining
How r there only 16 views but 18 likes??
He’s finally addressing it
Yep
It’s always rough to come out and admit you were wrong. I appreciate you coming out to clarify this and talk about it. Thank you for doing this.
We need more people like you in this world. You are honestly so humble.
Love you mike ❤️
I hope you have a great day everyone ☺️
oh hi
