2:30 My answer is he was making everyone look sus by killing and nobody would know because they grouped up
Theo was in the Camera room and saw u going to the Admin room so he saw the Chance to kill daniel while Nell was confused or needed help with his Task. `:)
They know the lime call meeting send him yeeting meme (made dy ssundee)
captions are tweeking holy
This is the analog horror I like xD
0:57 or you complete all the tasks…
It’s pink
I play I played among us for a year and I’m and I’m still probably gonna play it and I’m using voice that’s why it’s stuttering because I’m stuttering
Nelly is sus
Why are my captions not English?
I wanted to say Dan.... It's definitely Theo
Danplan: we got new merch! Subtitles: I think what he means is “time to discuss gender”
Why does he look like kira Yoshikage in act 2 ?
Nelly bc theo was on cams the whole time 10:40
yeahhhhhhhhh i totally got it right on the first time
0:27 :3
2:30 I know why it goes wrong cuz if lot of people are in one place the imposter is covered so if they kill it could be anyone..
At the end, honestly I think Daniel is the imposter
I looked at the red haired person in the thumbnail and thought Kirishima
Help when you put CC on this part the words dont make sense 1:14
İve never seen these members.
There is a new task where you clean the vent
I miss Stephen and hosa
Im just gonna disprove something. In the scenario where Pink was marinating and Dan was describing the things she was doing  Thats literally what i do when I play as crew all the time. I really love following a different player between meetings to make sure theyre a good guy. Theres some tasks where if theyre doing it right, you can tell. We all know asteroids and med bay. There is a lesser known task where you have 2 parts and it also takes some time, if I see someone either stand there but for a short amount of time or they stand there but never stand next to the part 2 of the task I immediately cal them out and Im right  Im basically the detective. I also make sure to stay a good distance from whoever im following to make sure they cant kill me  Of course this makes people sus of me and vote me out but when they dont we usually win as crew
in the later versions of among us there is a task where crewmates can clean the vents
amonk gus
Me in admin ignoring the admin panel for some reason:
3:16  This actually happened to me in Among Us, and they ejected me into space
I think that it is Theo because based on what I remember from the actual game, the security room and the medbay are right next to each other, and I also believe that there is a vent in the security room that leads straight to the medbay, making it much easier for Theo to kill Daniel. Hence, I think it's Theo. I'll delete this comment if I'm wrong.
It’d be a good idea to have them actually play Among Us
Mogus
Daniel is sus
its theo
the captions on this :💀:
i thought there was a vent task
hm, I just watched this but if I remember correctly, security's vent can go to medbay, and Theo was in security, so in that case. I suspect Theo to be the imposter
Theo is the answer because the vent connect from med bay to security
hope ur paying everybody properly now bro
Technically you can now clean the vents soooo
Hey. First time I’ve seen this vid. Don’t spoil it for me, just gonna out my guess down before I click on a video. I don’t think it’s Theo. Sure he’s on cams and stuff, he should be the top suspect, but Nelly was at wires in the cafeteria, taking a bit long. I know wires kinda suck, but it’ll be the perfect crime to murder somebody, immediately go to a task before anyone sees you, because you saw someone on cams when you vented to check, and make the person believe in them. That’s why I’ll pick Nelly.
Mostly I use pinks strat in among us... as long as there is 2 or more imps!
im sarting animation
Is pink lilypichu?
Its theo
F
dan predicted cleaning the vents task
There Actually is task were you clean the vents
So many people faked clean the vents as an impostor that cleaning the vents is a real task now
Wait crewmates can also win by finishing tasks
Bros a literally steven wannabe
nelly
I think its Daniel
light or dark blue i need to know
O
Youtube did me dirty man I was at the scene where Dan says "You eject yellow and it says..." Then a grammerly ad pops-up
The fact that you can actually clean vents now and not be an impostor in the actual game
WHY DIDN'T WE DO THE MED TASK ON OUR WAY TO ADMIN, I mean we would have been with Daniel AND HE COULD HAVE LIVED or the imposter could have killed and blamed you BUT SERESLY UPPER ENGEN TO ADMIN TO MEDBAY GO UPPER ENGEN TO MEDBAY TO ADMIN TTuTT (easy life) and depends on Nelly finishing wires or Daniel finishing his task as a ghost YOU CAN STILL WIN
At that point in irl you just become the imposter why chance death
HEY Dont doubt my ability to do 02 in among by myself
I'd eject them both I wasn't paying atention
For the end, it's Theo. He was on cameras so he knew that Daniel was in med Bay, and there is a vent directly from cameras to bed bay. Theo saw Daniel in med Bay, then vented over and killed him.
This video is kinda sus ngl…
2:42  stupendium...
Among us
what haopend to Stephen
I LOVE HOW YOU GUYS ADDED TOAST HAHA
the last cenario: i would instantly have said blue because the emergency meeting is so random. it was 50/50 so it makes no sense randomly kick your teammate
Nelly is sus he is a psychopath and it's hilarious
He should do this one more time but with the added roles
WHO IS SUS?!?!
MOGUS MOGUS SUSUS MONGSUS
them- someone was cleaning the vent, imposter.  among us later- *ad's vent cleaning task*
I got it correct
i lucked put in guessing the imp every time so obviously
Daniel
amogus
Just mentioning how good the animation and arts are !!!
The speech to text text is hilarious
Its Theo
Where is Stephen?
The imposter is the one in cams because vent systems I forgor who it is tho
I thought it was Nelly until I noticed that Theo was the imposter cause he would use the vent to go to medbay and kill. And then I was like, you got to be kidding. Love your videos and I got to say I was not expecting for me to choose an answer cause it’s been over 4 or 3 years since I have watched you and subscribed.
so recently there's been an update where you can clean the vents      maybe you can play this again?
the socciopatic team member hapenned to me once
Like so good calucations
So i am a pro in among us and when blue voted off green i’had calculations
what the heck i hate doing this
AMOGUS
Blue is stupid he should’ve just double killed
There's a cleaning the vent task
I wanted this video for so long yay
When I used to play among us, I was a passive imposter. I wouldn't kill or vent, just sabotage.
uh btw theres a cleaning vent task now so, it kinda ruins the first part
steven would be good at this...😢
Video property of Ernie gang.
Dan: One of them were cleaning the vents Me: Well let's vote out the guy doing nothing then.
That’s a bit racist at 5:48
I was playing Among Us with my class because my teacher was nice. I ratted myself out and everyone believed me. The teacher said I couldn't play anymore cause I was ruining the game. Then I said that this person who wasn't an imposter was the imposter and then said the next imposter was my friend who actually was the imposter. They then kicked out the person I said was the imposter and then thought that my imposter friend was not an imposter.  My teacher let me play again. Also we got a dub.
I am like blue, I will rat out my other imposter.
This one guy looks like tendou
You can clean the vents ):<
The story at 7:20 has so many possibilities man.  Yellow could be it for defending green as a fellow impostor.   Blue could be ejecting a fellow impostor as an alibi when they're actually an impostor themselves.   Pink could be an impostor for jumping onto the accusation, because they just want to add to the body count.   Bruh I'm not a fucking detective what am I supposed to think lol
Among us: HAHA SKREW U DAN NOW EVERYONE CAN CLEAN THE VENTS
Me
Around 7:00 sorry to be nit picky, but there were 2 imposters left and 2 innocent therefore imposters would've already won.
Dan forgot an ending. The last way to end Among Us is by finishing all the tasks.
I decided to subscribe AFTER the  drama.  Contracted workers need to negotiate their compensation or work elsewhere.  The fact that the contracted part time person blew up the channel ( or tried to) Justified being cautious with pay!  I see 2millon followers still. Good for Dan Plan.
theo
Nellie is sus
This is when they realized and go back to animation, as this is what brings in the views.
Cool
It’s like all the foods I eat are out to explode or fall in my face
i miss sephen so much hhhhhhh
the first question wouldnt work if they did this now theres actually crewmates that can vent and theres a cleaning vent task
I got it first try
among su
mega mogus
Wait what happened to hosuh and stephen i think is how it’s spelled
I THINK IT IS NELLY
Can u survive "a literal day with a dutch toilet"
The first question is obsolete now because cleaning the vent is a task now
Venting and the "cleaning the vent" task is now legal and not as sus now lol
Sus
Green hair is dead now no one is sus
sssssssssssssssssssuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuusssssssssssssssssssssssss
I love this video! I like that they got all the questions right.  P.S I got the alt ending right first try!
theo us a susssy bakaaa
... well dan maybe dead but... I think it's dan...
Big brain moment okay so Theo was on the cameras so some imposters watch the cameras to see where their victims are going so Theo must have come up to upper engine and down into med Bay where Daniel was and killed Daniel and also there's a vent in med Bay so he could have used that and get out probably vented to cameras to watch cameras so people are not sus of him
Was I the only one who said Daniel is  the imposter before he got killed
For the memes, I say it's Dan! sus...
Cleaning the vents is an actual task now
0:27 on the right you see a furry, and on the left is..... A weeb?
1:10 those are the same-
Ok.
I have a plan that isn't even full proof, but still enough, in airship, there's a card task up the ladder, no one would literally do it if they're impostors cuz it'd just be called a waste of time while crewmates would do it to win, in skeld, I have a 50% proof of card swipe so it's just a matter of luck at that point, but most newer among us player or the ones that are too confident will just not go near it long enough to 'do' the task, that's why they're more likely to be impostors, it'll be a bit easier to know this if the task bar is always up, but they could trick you tho and it's a one shot thing, so if I didn't see them do it when they did, it means they're either screwed or get cleared by other players and some sus movements are there too like when you go past someone and then they follow you then that means run, run for your life unless you wanna die, there's a chance they're crewmates, but that would be low- aaaaaaaaaaaand I'm rambling again, great =>=""""
Theo
Nelly
Amgus
Amogus
So i mean if someone was in cams they would have seen who went in medbay
I love how the blood is rainbow UvU
Theo killed
Just gonna say this straight up,  THEY'RE ALL BEST BOIIs! I love how they're interacting with each other.. I NEED THIS MORE IN MY LIFE—
Theo is the imp nelly could be in the cameras and Theo is most likely to be venting
I did have to look up vent locations, because I don't know the maps, but there's a vent from security to med bay, so I think it's Theo.
i got it right first try
gamogus
The guy cleaning the vents just got bullied cause now there's a task where you clean the vents
yeah cleaning the vents isn't a real task
Please play can you survive wilys wonderland or Tokyo ghoul
The second he said to choose I was like Daniel and then continued to watch and saw him dead. I was like still Daniel
Where Stephen🥲
Why did they do the fusion dance😂😂
Its funny, now you can clean vents
thats kinda sus
i miss steven and hosuh
Can you do squid game ???
*sus.*
number 3 u can't clean the vents
Well cleaning the vents is now a task so...
Ever watch 'Get Out' ?
*AMOGUS*
Where stephen🥺
Theo is impostor. The vent in security leads to electrical and medbay.
What ever happened to Hosuh and Daniel?
Dan all the way
I feel like I'm the only person in the comment section to mention this... Did anyone else notice that they put the "hoo hoo" sound that herb cookie from cookie run oven break makes somewhere in this video?
I miss Hosuh
Nelly
OK I don't know his name but the hat guy is the next generation steven
It's Theo he vented from  security to medbay :/
it's theo
Cleaning the vent is a real thing now sooooooooooooooooo
SUS
*Sussy mongus*
DAN SUS
WHERES STEVEN AND HOSUH AND JAY
ok but was the camera in admin blinking?
Dan is a sussyopath
Daniel
I think it's............Daniel. Mainly because he was the one who staged this entire thing. I vote Daniel. Like if you agree. Disagree? Well, reply to tell me why.
*That's a pretty sociopathic move*  I'm gonna use that next time i play Monopoly
Amugus
I got the last bit just from being like “Wait if Theo was watching cam’s why didn’t he see the murder” 😅
i miss the old lads
Could u guys play “can you survive My Hero Academia”
Today we have cleaning the vent task
Dan i dont know why but you sound like Dream. Its kinda cool
1:38 wow that laugh was like dream's laugh, now that i think about it... dani your voice sounds a BIT like dream's voice
Lol it Theo, he vented from security to med
Very sus 👍
I miss Stephen :(
i played among us before it was popular so im like a beta tester but i didnt play the beta i dont like the game anymore but im good at is
Yeah, just kill everyone 😌
It's Nelly cuz he was the closest to medbay
I miss the old folks...😥
Nowadays: Guy #2 was cleaning the vents. Well cleaning the vents..... IS A TASK.
👍😂😂😂😂😂😂👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗E
Not gonna lie, this video is kinda, SUS
I think blue is the imposter. He is useing the tactic kill the other imposter to not seem sus. Also I didnt see it yet but I am shure that is what happening
WhO dUnNiT
THEO THERE IS A VENT CONNECTED TO MEDBAY FROM CAMS IT IS THEO bigggg brainnnn energy I mean- if I’m right
Cleaning the vent is now a task....
there is a vent from cams to medbay so theo sus
9:16 a it's a Steven move
pretty sus
A-a AMONG US
Its theo cuase in med u can vent to security
When the crewmate is more blood thirsty than the imposter 😂
3:11 I beg to differ, I was in training mode and sabotaged reactor and oxygen and did both of them by my self
E
Dont say it DONT SAY IT me: §Ü§
10:48 But they're both one entity... so no matter who I choose, I'm right!
Nellie is it.
There’s a pro player:  The amegops: BABUSHKA 🤪, oh Jesus! 😳, what up bby 🖤, ANSWERME SUKYNNO! 😎
But now we have the clean vent task.
You should do can you survive a game of wolf you might have to watch the movie
Dan you sound like dream a little
he is so blood thirsty
Nanny
So boy in hat is the new Stephan
can you please do a real game of amoung us
Oh so Nelly is the new Steven.
you should do "can you 'SURVIVE' *CHAINSAW MAN* "
Boo
I swear to god if I see a “SUSSY AMONG US” comment someone’s gonna die.
here for the first time after the whole drama thing 🏃yo who are these people
Dan sus
wHiTe iS sUs
Among us: *Adds vent cleaning task*
I like how everytime there's blood, its "Pain" bow.
There’s a new update that came with the task called clean the vents
2nd place power
a m o g u s  s u s
i would ask where was nelly if he says he was in the electrical il vote him out cuz such in a late game have wires and take so long to do it its him
ZMDE is extremely good
Dude i wanted to play among us after lol
6:40 ive done this on multiple occasions       worked every time (pretty sure)
5:10 you should have asked how many people were left and how much time did the round spend
Am I the only one looking for the cinnamon roll??
Am I the only one looking for the cinnamon roll??
8:08
What attracted me to this channel was the animations when the gang broke up and he did vlogs I kinda fell off so I like this a lot better
But kill crazy guy
Ya I think I just the game and arsonated him
Hey Danplan im sad to hear that stephen or steven left the Danplan:(  hope you still make more videos:( (warning do not read if not watched)
agomgus
Reasons Dan sucks he made Stephen QUIT he ALSO said that he was NOTHING HE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING TO MAKE THE CHANNEL
Am always the imposter true thing
dan
If it’s ov you have to split if your in a group of 6 or more you can do it 3 one 3 in the over so you get it
sykkuno camieo...... 6:18
Dan is the imposter
I kill them all
You guys should play "can you survive 7 seeds"
Sus
Do can you survive ARK survival evolved
I just searched this up and didn’t think danplan actually made this
Nely is my new fav.
Plot twistin the last part you were the impostor
imposter is theo. 10:38
2 Corinthians 5:7 “For we live by faith, not by sight.” Acts 16:31 “Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and you will be saved, you and your household.”John 14:6  6 Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me     VERSE OF THE DAY  June 11  1 Chronicles 16:12  12 Remember the wonders he has done, his miracles, and the judgments he pronounced  1 John 3:16  16 This is how we know what love is: Jesus Christ laid down his life for us. And we ought to lay down our lives for our brothers and sisters.  John 14:6  6 Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me  One day you will come before the Lord. He will ask. Why should I let you into Heaven? One common answer would be "im a good person Lord i should be let in" He will take those people and cast them into hell. The answer you shall say is "I am covered by the blood of Jesus and he  payed for all my sin" God cannot stand sin and these people. he will let in🙂👍        🙂       👢👢pepper steppers I look up to the mountains— does my help come from there?  My help comes from the LORD, who made heaven and earth!  Psalms 121:1-2 (NLT)  http://us-en.superbook.cbn.com/sb_bible/?ref=19:121:1&ver=not Originally Answered: What is the shortest line in the Bible? "Jesus Wept," John 11:35 is the shortest in English, "Rejoice Always" Thessalonians 5:16 is second, and Pray Without Ceasing, Thessalonians 5:17 is the third He may have a great army, but they are merely men. We have the LORD our God to help us and to fight our battles for us!" Hezekiah's words greatly encouraged the people.  2 Chronicles 32:8 (NLT)  http://us-en.superbook.cbn.com/sb_bible/?ref=14:32:8&ver=nlt 3. Blessed is the one who reads aloud the words of this prophecy, and blessed are those who hear, and who keep what is written in it, for the time is near. VERSE OF THE DAY  June 12  Isaiah 46:9  9 Remember the former things, those of long ago; I am God, and there is no other; I am God, and there is none like me  Nehemiah 8:10 Do not grieve, for the joy of the Lord is your strength. Isaiah 41:10 So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand. Exodus 15:2 The Lord is my strength and my song; he has given me victory. 2 Corinthians 5:7 “For we live by faith, not by sight.” Acts 16:31 “Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and you will be saved, you and your household.”
anything to do with among us is trash
What happens to housa
“Nelly and Theo are just in one body just spilt personalities”  That’s what I would say if I was Daniel making this.
among UsUsed to be called space Mafia
Do anything danganronpa
I’m watching this in June 5th I’m extreme late
*AMOGUS*
Hmm if we saw Nelly doing a task (wires) but is taking a little too long which "scared us" we head over admin where we pass Dan who was heading to medbay we also saw that the camera light was red (blinking) so if was safe to assume Theo was on Cams so we go into admin do our card swipe task and head to medbay for our last task and there we see Dan's dead body and report it Me: now here's the thing both Theo and Nelly could have done the kill Why it could be Theo: Well we saw both Nelly and Dan while going to admin but we see the camera lights are red(blinking) so we assume he's in cams but he could have vented into medbay and killed Dan 1: while we we're doing our task and vented back and stayed on cams cuz he knew we saw him watching 2: walked away/vented away from the body and we don't notice if the cams we're still on or not so we just assume 2.1: it's not which makes him sus cuz there's a vent in security which leads to medbay and electrical so he could've vented and killed and ran away from the body and no one saw cuz he was the closest person to him 2.2: it's on so we assume he was there the whole time but when we find the body we get sus of them Why it could be Nelly: for one we we're already sus of him cuz he was taking too long on wires so we go to admin as fast as we could we pass by Dan who was going to medbay and we know the cams are on so we assume Theo is on cams we go to admin do our task presumably we still see that the cams are on so we know Theo's still on cams we go to medbay and Nelly is not in Cafeteria anymore and we find Dan dead. Here's how I picture it if he's really the imposter, Nelly's faking the task and is watching the people who goes by and sees me go to admin and sees Dan heading for medbay he now has to decide who to kill us or Dan well as we do our task Nelly looks at us in Admin but we don't notice and he sees the cams are on and decides to go for Dan instead since he knows Theo's watching so he kills Dan first because 1. He's closer 2. No cams in medbay 3. Easier target Me: So now I don't know who or which person it actually is :>
I got them mixed up so I picked the wrong one
0.50 I thought that the rocket was a kkk member for a sec
The hole among us thing is annoying because the game depends on if your playing with randoms or with your friends. if you playing with your friends the you can have a good time but if your playing with randoms it’s gonna suck
You should do "can you survive Little Nightmares"
amogus
i miss hosuh and stephen T^T
Nelly=stephen, theo=hosuh
i know its theo in the end thjng cuz theo wad in security and nelly was some where far from medbay and security is the closest to medbay and the imposter can vent there so i thouth it was theo and it was right man am i a amongus nerd or something😂😂😂
PINK NEVER DID TASKS I KNEW THEY WERE IMPOSTER
Me and nelly would get along great
It’s pink
In the bule and green one he voted for green be cause he knew if he was right they would stop
Amog us
I think it's Theo, because there is vent from from security to medbay.
Red is sus
AMOUNGUS
I pick Theo cuz I like nelly
its nelly
I miss classic DanPlan
among us
Dan he's green
I think is theo
Nobody: Literally no one: Blue:red’s sus Green:yeah red’s
Sus Sus Sus AMOGUS
Im so happy to see Animated Danplan content again! Its sad that Stephen and hosuh arent there anymore, but the new people are still really good and entertaining!
When the imposter is sus
Nelly
The only reason I didnt think it was blue because in the game the accused imp so green would say blue is the other imp.
Lol ik Theo probably vented
i think “Can u survive death note” would be pretty cool
Only og remember stephen
you should do an ''Can you survive FLICKER''
Where is Stephen and housa
Can you play the real amoung us
Do "can you survive without steven"!
Next video: Can you survive "Final destination" 😂
Blood: *gay*
amogus
IT WAS DANIEL IT WAS SUICIDE
Guy at the vents
Before I click off ima say it’s  Click read more if you already guessed and picked                  Theo
nelly is sus he is always sus
AMOGUS
SUS
2nd guy
Is it just me or do the really good players in among us always have a lobby with at least 2 fans in it
Amoomgus
SUS
Su gmona
Not to be mean but i stopped watchung this channel cuz it doesnt feel the same
Nelly is just stephen but slightly nicer              Change my mind
Can you try demon Slayer if your able to
Theo he vantad to med to kill
Theo because there is a vent in security that leads to medbay and electrical
I am correct i said theo is the imposter
me:i always play both sides so i always come out on top A.K.A i picked both the endings
Can you survive Afghanistan?
Idea By the way,Can you survive murder.just idea
amogus
Dan
Fans the imposter he was sus from the start
Its theo
7:19 😳
I haven't played a dumber game, I mean it is a good game but it's like really easy
A M O G U S
It’s Theo
I want steven and hoasah back
AMONGUS
AMOGUS
FINALLY, someone said suspicious
I miss stephen :(
I haven't watched you in a while. What happened to Housah and the purple hair dude?
I watch Nelly and Theo videos of who was the imposter
Theo
You should totally do Can you survive the promised neverland
stephen2 is coolio
haha amogus
amogus
am i the only on that thinks   toast = dan  valkyrae=stephen   hosa = sykkuno
Furry alarm at 0:27
How dare they stand where they stood. How far you’ve fallen.
I'm going to pick the person that has the longest video
Theo
Daniel
Dan’s bank account is sus
Amogus
Well we have a new stephen
DO CAN YOU SUVIVE MINECRAFT?
see how views are going down now
I pick Theo, theres a vent betwin security and medbay.
Utan I don’t same one you have to find me and password but one person on the planet and partners but yeah but you don’t add 1% make it easy
#disguisedtoast
AMOGUS!
Pink:always has a task in the same room  The doods:maybe sus idk
Amog us
Sus
It kinda hurts to see these new people when I’m so used to seeing hosuh and Stephen...
I'm surprised he still has so many subscribers  Edit: altho so many less views than subs so XD
Revers time it would be op in a fight
It's definitley Theo
Just saying, its so obvious you are trying to mimic Stephen, and he is not even close to him, i am not a Stephen fan, but seeing him copy Stephen in a such made up way is annoying
Amongose
Baal Veer Shiva
I want Hosah and Steeven back sorry if I spelled it wrong but just pls bring them back I miss them 😭😭😭😭
*WHEN THE IMPOSTOR IS SUS*
Amogus
What happened to jay
First few sceonds I saw tendo
Still waiting for can you survive the Forest with Stephen and hosuh
AMOGUS
MY ANSWERS Oh when toast  said that one of the players which are crewmates cant leave so they cant do their task they can only do it when they already did the medbay scan big brain              Number 3 If you are gonna eject someone who is standing next and a body and you come in and they reported the body you need more info so I what I say is that I do not eject them maybe they did a task in electrical which is the download task and the imposters vent out and killed the person who was with the person who was downloading the database Number 4 Pink is sus Number 5 So how would blue figure it out in the beginning maybe he is a hacker or he is the imposter tryna to pull of the 10 million iq play the ghost imposter close doors while sabotaging and blue kills that is op man Last answer theio is the imposter!!!!!!!!! And the one who took long to do the task maybe colorblind and someone who's bot told them which color or..... he was struggling
Nelly
Sus
Its phel or whatever hes name is cause you can vent from cams to medbay so you can get a ez kill
A M O G U S
Now let’s try can you survive asking Stephan to come back cause he’s the best person this place ever had  Cause I think he’ll just reject you
It's Theo due because there's a vent between the security room and the medbay so he could just vent, kill and vent away
Can you do can survive town of Salem
1:24 lol tottaly not sus
amogus
nelly be sus tho
Booo
I pick Nely
I always tell other players to give their alibis first thing. That way, the killer is caught in a lie.
wait what's nelly full name-
i think its nelly
Nely
why was black clapping purples cheeks
Dan killed himself:(
Where is Stephen?
Plot twist they were the impostors the whole time.
nelly reminds me of Stephen
Can you do " Can you survive Fnaf
Daniel
I bet it’s Theo because sure Nelie took a bit to long,but there’s a vent in Medbay which connects to cams and electrical,so while I’m at admin, Theo has enough time to kill safely...or did he.
*hoo hoo* when they talk about 1 2 3 crewmates
its thoe be cuz the cctv is direct ar med so its thoe
steaven hoshu :'C
AHHH THEO'S HAIR LOOKS SO MUCH LIKE KIRISHIMA'S!!
Where’s steven
Oh that's something that one and pasta would say butter I think I trust somebody that has a towel that wants to kill everybody so I think it's the one with the hat
I have no sympathy for anyone
SUS
So you know among us character's have a space suit that provides O2 so when you are ejected you would just float away.
Can we get a gaming channel with these boys
you guys should bring back steven
Sus
Can you survive Friday Night Funkin
Theo becuase their’s a vent where you can go to camera’s into medbay,
I'm early :0
NELLY
I also think corpse is a op player
It used to be good
Stephen
Hosuh
If white saw a body why wouldn`t he report instead of emergency metting
it's gotta be nelly if the task taking too long wasn't good enough may I introduce you to VENTS?  edit: not to mention we were card swiping in admin so we couldn't see if they vented or not edit2: I meant nelly not theo iuewhiu
I really like the new style and where danplans going good job❤️everyone else on here still bching and moaning move on its been a year everyone's sick of seeing those comments
Yesh
I miss Stephen he was really fun to watch especially when picking on Housh miss you two beautiful children on Danplan
Wehe is steven
bootleg DanPlan trio
I missed hosuh, stephen and jay ;-;
It’s fucking Theo
amogus
Do another one cuz I want to see who's the imposter
Red: Gives a explanation of why it is green. Green: Red sus        ''Red was not the imposter''
I knew it was theo im 92 iq
Its Theo here's why There is a vent in Security Eletrical and Medbay those are connected. Daniel walked to medbay and saw Theo vent and before he could react he got killed.
Hosuh, Stephen and Jay left, i am no longer a fan of DanPlan
I haven't heard from Danplan I decided to check what did you know he got new friends
Danplan will never be the same without Stephen. It just can’t.
I love you guys just do rainbows for BlOooOod
it's teo
i like how Daniel breaks the 4th wall casually
Can we get a gameplay of it- or no??
IT THEO
I havent Watched danplan in Years and DAMN has his artstyle changed
nelly
There is another way to win  Tasks
danplan and recryeo shoud do a cloab
LOL
i miss the old squad
This is pretty much "can you survive mafia 2"
Can you survive Halloween?
amogus
who are these guys
Title:can you survive among us? Yt:here an add! Add:want to play among us?
Lol dan plan sus😱😳😱😳😱😳😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😂😱😂😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😂😳😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😳😂😳😂😳😂😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😳😳😂😳😂😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😂😳😳😂😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😳😱😳😱😱😳😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😂😱😂😱😂😱😂😱😂😱😂😱😂😱😂😱😂😱😂😱😱😂😱😂😱😂😱😂😂😱😂😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😳😱😳😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😳😱😳😳😂😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😂😳😂😳😂😳😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😂😳😳😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😱😳😳😂😂😳
No one at all talking bout what he typed in ,80082
you know whats sad? stephen would be so enthusiastic about this
kan you play among us in game🙏
I THINK NELLY!!
Ofcourse i can
Theo security is right next to my medbay and there’s a vent it can lead to medbay so he can have a quick kill while he has an alibi with the camera still been on that one glance when you take away from the camera so he knows to jump in and kill and then go back to security
sus
Stephen should be there.
wheres housa???
Can you survive roblox
7:41 me: ITS PINK NOOO YELOW
Bring Steven back plz he is super funny
me seeing the subtitles when the sound is off: wat
just saying... MUST see: toast game - "the greatest game" is the title
People Who have problems killing irl:NOOO YOU CANT KILL PEOPLE IRL ITS A CRIME Me: Ha Ha staby staby go brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Beginning: Someone: Hey, we got merch! Check it out in the description! Captions: And my man, how is it that there's no Marco's to discuss gender? me: wtf??
Amognus
it's Theo cuz he checked if anyone was alone..and to the medbay there ia vent through security!! so idk why i'm so sue, but i think it's THEOOOOO!!!!
TELETUBBIES AMONG US
How to survive in Minecraft hardcore
NELI !
survive promised neverland!!!
I miss Hosuh and Stephen ;-;
Hosu Stephen replaced
Dan U are susssssss so u are the imposter
praise allah
its just not the same without Stephan and Hosuh...
To bad that among us ruined the game
Dan
I could clean the fence and be a crewmate because clearly clean the vents as one of the cats
I want this video: "Can you survive Parayte?"
Thio looks like nishinoya from haikyuu
Bro... they are trying to move on from this. Can people stop bringing their feelings about the past. I get it, its not the same but things happened and these are one of the things that happened unfortunately. I get that ppl wanna express their sadness and stuff but it goes to the point where every new video, the comment section is filled with the past. Imagine trying to move on from an event and have countless days of comments coming to you, reminding you of the past 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
did u know that a crewmate is like shorter then ur leg
“I miss animation” Also when its uploaded and animated: “I am too lazy I cant press it 😞”
... i miss the “by the way”
Among us but it’s daganronpa trial
How about we create a pacifistic memberSHIP (heehee) aka club of people that don´t kill?
YOU NOOB
a m o g u s
Who are these ppl
i dont wanna be THAT guy. but this is my first video since the fallout. what happened with hosuhand stephen?
#danplan are you still sad that Steven Left the team
Thiel (sorry if I didn't spell it incorrectly I am dyslexic) because he could've vented from security to medbay making easy kill.
among us or AMOG US
Umm there is a way you will make survive fnaf? Like I know its already a game but if you will you can take it whenever you want like, I think it will be interesting. I you will notice my comment I'll be happy :D
By the way there's a game that was originally called werewolf but now it's changed to wolvesville
5:01: DON'T SIMP! XD
Oh. How to survive Among Us? Oh, this oughta be good. XD
Green sus he killer purple and ejected him from the channel
amogus
*Me looking thru my vent because I dropped my Dora eraser* 1:51
0:26  I forget if werewolves can turn other people into werewolves
you should do can you survive minecraft
hewo im a pro from among us named mrsheep/heypeople if you kill someone means dash   try it standing still and kill someone *myth*
A M O G U S
Amongus
Its Phil, he was in security and there is a Vent from it to medbay so he could have just center there to kill. 100iq
ITS THEO THE SEC VENT IS CONNECTED TO THE MED VENT i know this cause I have been playing among us alot
eny one now what happened to steave
i love how blood is a lovely rainbow of death
You guys should do. ᑕᗩᑎ YOᑌ ᔕᑌᖇᐯIᐯᗴ Tᕼᗴ ᑭᖇOᗰIᑕᗴ ᑎᗴᐯᗴᖇᒪᗩᑎᗪ
man i miss the old danplan team. hosuh, jay, daniel and i forgot the name but i think it was stephen
Let's be honest here tho. If someone following you cause they're making sure you don't die is hella sus. There would be 2 possible reasons, following you to check them as clear and waiting for they're kill cool to finish. It is not until you see someone prove they're innocent by doing a visual task that you can believe them, if visuals are off and someone's following them simply ask "what tasks do you have?" Follow them if they say a task. If the task bar goes up then they're clear. Of course you can't be 100% on a clear that isn't visual but it's better to see if someone's innocent as they say before you let them go around following you😃
The new dan gang
I’ve missed his animations for so long
Theo's character low key looks like Nendo from Haikyuu (an anime) 😀🤌✨
Mafia V2
DANPLAN ANIMATED IS BACK!?!?! FINALLY OH LORD I HAVE BEEN BLESSED
dan: let's play among us everyone: oh like the game, right? dan: *nervous sweating*
amog us
Damn Stephen sounds different now
Absolutely I’m just gonna kill everyone
amogus
Ok soo From Dan's situation he said "Blue said Green was sus and pink agreed but Yellow thought blue was sus but in the end Green got voted out but who is the 2nd imposter"   To me this is SOO obvious. It's Blue since maybe he voted the imposter right to gain the crewmates trust to him but since he was right that was double sus since maybe he KNEW Green was an imposter and betrayed him to make him innocent since he voted the imposter right-  Why did I write this ;-;  Edit: Wait so I was right :D
Its theo
What happened if you saw someone kill someone but its black and white so how will you know the colour
yellow was the one defending green he was the other impost
Uhhhh
0:01 is that krishima
amogus
Yeah make a video about can you survive promised neverland please
wait wasnt it Ssundee  or DanTDM that did that last play
Just pointing out on the one of blue voting out his teammate, that would be pointless since you just need your teammate to kill
Where's Steven and HOSA
Theo was on cams. There is a vent there directly to med bay. Theo would have seen it on cams since the body was right in front of med bay. He also saw Daniel go in on cams so......yeah it’s theo
you guys should play "Can You Survive The Promised Borderland"
1:05, Hmm... Nosehair. Seems suspisous.
Wait but there is a vent in medbay...
with out discussion this is hard, cuz theo could just vent from sec and back and frame nelly by seeing him from the sec
amogus
I think it’s Deo because there is a vent in security to go to medbay
Leo was the impostor, since he was using cams as a spectate to who's alone and who's not, after seeing daniel alone, he vented from cams to med bay, since the vents are connected
you should make an orange slime hoodie
7:20 why was that hot whats wrong with me
its teo beacous medbay has a camera and teo watched him go in and vented from sec to med
Theo easy
it is neil
You
"Pink is sus" Pink: onii-chan why ;-;
Guys can we move on from the drama? It's literally been months and y'all are still complaining and now are bringing down other people.
It's Dan.
AMOGUS
I've got one idea "can you survive Minecraft?"
THEY ARE BACK AT ANIMATIONS IM GOING TO CRY
You should do the hunger games.
No, commenting on Stephen and Hosuh doesn't do anything. Please stop doing that, enjoy how their channel is now. You are basically telling them their bad without Stephen and Hosuh. It doesn't matter if you said it or not, it matters if they felt it or not.
I miss steven 😥
Steven's departure ruined the channel. I would bet a lot of money that he was most viewer's favorite character and he was forced out by Daniels stupid desire to make YouTube a career. Dan stated that Steven didn't deserve a cut but the most viewed videos say otherwise. Weirdly enough as soon as Steven left, Dan's viewer count went from Millions, to hundred-thousands. Daniel has made a mistake and he knows it. You can say things like "You're just hating on Dan" but you know that I'm right deep down. In the peak of the channel videos got 3-13 million views but now its a depressing 100 thousand or so.
I got the solution nelly and theo are near medbay but nelly took longer so he must've killed but then if he vented and didnt go out of med then he is imposter but theo can do that he can vent to cams to med so who would it be? Theo was watching cams and nelly took too long
green's bean tommatos tommato's
ah yes the tongue #romantoilets
Hey wait a second what happened to Steven and hossa?.
What happened to Hosa and Steven
1:55 that's cute
I am actually gonna cry
wheres harsua????
Both
*no.*
At this point only Dan's an original member.
Wait didnt they stop making videos?
This channel will never be the same
HAHA TOAST!  i remember  once he said like "the imposters dont share any letters" everyone else was like "lol ok then " they votted out both and won
you should have said a teletubby but its head was cut off and arms and more shorter
You guys should play “can you survive Tokyo Ghoul”
I miss steven and hosuh
*Guy #2 was cleaning in the vents*  Me: Omg.... *YOU LITERALLY JUST SAID WHO THE IMPOSTOR WAS*
I realized something from looking at the view counts Animated > Vlog
When the imposter is sus!😳
It's feel because if he wasn't the murderer he would see Nelly come out.
Oop I just thought of something. If the imposter a alien then they can't die out side in space and then they can go back like they did before. Lol
Amogus
Ah it's theo he was looking at the camera to see when the person was alone 😂
I feel that this is familiar
Its theo
When the sus is the impostor
Looks like we found new Steven
Do another by the way
Me who is a good person on building trust: *yes’nt*
its theo
Imagine if a lawyer played thisXD
nially
Its Daniel 109% I didn’t even need to finish watching it
It's Nelly
Stephen Hosu 😭
alfarad
We got the the new Steven
9:52 Its nelly
He's replaced everybody
Theo cause he vented to medbay then vented back to cctv
I played Among Us Before it Was Popular :p  Me And Mah Fren Theo played Among Us Before it was Popular..   He Kinda Dragged me into Getting it on my Tablet :p :>
I kinda miss hosa
Look Look I play among us and I name my self ventCleaner when I get imposter I'll make sure that every one will see me vent when they click the button I'll say I came from vent Inc and they gave me a task to clean all the vents in every map
God I remember when you guys were 200 K
Ahhh the memories of their old vids with this type of contents its haunting me im crying rn i havent watched them since
I miss this  type of vids where animations and imagination collides
among us at home
If there is a "pro player", never trust him and never do what he proposes. Best to just kick him instantly
Its theo
It’s not Dan at the start his weapon has no blood
When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put "When you don't know what to comment to you just put "When you don't know what to comment so you just put- Alright I'm going to stop now.
I STILL MISS STEPHENS HUMOR
Me:hearing this music.wait this sounds like music from hazegreyart
0:55 or doing al the tasks you got
dan:toast is the best player in among us  corpse:i like your magic word funny guy
Haha CHEAT GO BRRRRRRRRRR!!!!
Its neo
its theo (he saw nelly go in medbay through cams, vented and killed
Aight lemme big brain this real quick  Dan is dead, not imposter Theo was in security, where you can vent to medbay Maybe Nelly was glitching or was just slow that day.  I think its Theo
Its teo. He vented from sec to medbay and back.
Guys I get you miss danplan.. I do too but can we please just move on? Or at least..try to. I know our hearts ache from the loss of excitement and laughter from Stephen, Dan's And Hosuh's dynamic. I think Daniel even misses that but it's more painful to get like 500 comments over the same thing, being repeated again and again..   But for their sake and ours, let's just move on.. But that doesn't mean we will forget the amazing videos they did back in the day. We can't forget. And we won't.   But ignoring those comments are getting harder by each day when it's all anyone ever comments. I understand you miss them. So do I. And everyone is different so the kind of pain is different for certain people.. I can understand that. But remember that you're not the only ones who misses them. We all do.   But all I'm asking is..try. At least *try* to move on.
Eli or Dan
i think that theo was on the CCTV looking for victims to kill
What happened with Stephen
SUS.
Nelly
Ponk.
i got it it was Theo gg.
Nelly is new Stephen
Can you do can you survive my hero Academia and can you survive naruto
theo
I LOVE AMONG US IT FUN
You should do can you survive FNAF
yum yum
In the penultimate I got it right at the beginning, I play a lot among us ,_,
i still miss Hosuh and steven
I knew it my Strat was there was a vent in cams and he went there and vented to med but Nelly was doing his task in caf so Theo was sus "mic drop"
bro suprised dan didn't eject the crew for asking for more pay.
I didnt watch any videos from danplan yet after all the shit happened and i have to say my first impression was r they trying to do the same characters but worst? I dont mean that that harsh but pls guys dont try to do so closely characters its just missleading and i mean this critic in a good way if u even see it😅
I like how you made the people watching part of the game in the end when you chose who was sus.
Well yeah you can survive among us because you can’t die won’t feel anything
imagine replacing your friends
YOU CAN ONLY HAVE 500 IQ MAX
Guy on cams.
I would ask where was everyone before telling them where the body is then when one of them says there in cams then I would say it's in medbay so we would kill them off and have an easy dub
Now I know I am kinda late to this but I just found this video. Now there is another game that is similar in concept but wildly different then Among Us. This game is called Town of Salem and I just wanted to tell you guys about it. Now if no one sees this comment, that's fine, I just wanted to talk about that game. If you are still reading, than I hope you have a great day and/or night.
7:19 dw just saving that for later
You forgot that you can win by tasks
the SATISFACTION when i was the 40,000th like
Man you like among us but it’s among you money what is a game where there’s a will there’s only one person it’s you and the lights are turned off you can turn those lights on in the imposter won’t come near you when the lights are turning off the pass imposter won’t come near you and jump scare you but if you’re lucky enough Internet if you’re good at the game you will get a surprise surprise is $59,000
lts fail
It's not the same without Steven and hosha
Me)**lifts up a random crewmates stomach and sees teeths inside**  The guy)yep no crewmate with teeth on stomachs that's called imposter
There Because he knew where Daniel was going and he could have vented tHere
With the vouching situation, I’ve killed many people with a visual task without any punishment, because even if there’s a small group, it can be dangerous to kill, but if they’ll split up, which they will when they have to do other tasks, you can kill groups of 1. Also, with the doors closing on a room with a body, unless you can see who did both of these things, they’re just as sus as walking.
Its theo!!
Seems you guys played alot of public servers until you forgot that another way to win for crewmate is to complete every tasks.
I think it’s Theo Because he probably saw Daniel going to medbay so he chose to kill Daniel 👍
how to choose the right imposter: *you don't, you just guess.*
What happened to Stephen and hosuh
"Green was The Imposter"  Game: **continues**  Me: **Confused Screaming**
You should play can you survive the game called in silence
What happens to hosha?
Quick riddle.  Your in a room with red, orange, green, and pink.   without any proof. no hints or anything.. Who's the impostor?   C'mon you know who's s̩͙͖̋͛͟U̸̫̠̰͈̕S̵̶̮̬͖̄͑͟
Can you surive among us  Well, based off my w/l ratio, hecc to the no
It's theo
According to my 200IQ imposter is most likely Theo because he was in security room so he had seen Daniel entering medbay so he took the opportunity and killed him either way  Both Neely and Theo are the imposter it is bcoz dan is type of psychological game playing with us ,want us to choose one of these and it turns out like they both are imposters
If you are followed, vote out the follower
Time stamp: 2:07  Corpse is a pro imposter lol
k so has anyone ever fixed o2 by yourself so the other people can do their tasks
Can u survive atsuki naruto
:(
It’s teo
Wait where are Stephen and Hosuh?
Its Theo cause Theo went to med bay using the vents
And FNAF(Five Nights At Freddy's)
Can you survive no game no life please
How dare you make me do a 50/50 and there both near the body
Its theo Why: because the vent from security connects from electrical and med bay Nelly was doing a task and he is new so he takes too long but Theo know where everybody is cause he is on the cameras he saw Dan go in Med Bay he vented then killed Dan then vented back to security thats all .w.
Who else misses Stephen and hosah?
Everyone is white.
Why w9upd you wana vote these tummy mouthed lovble creatchers we are the ones that thrented to kill them so  Sits next to imposter
you should do can you survive sweet home cuz it would be cool
Why dose Theo look like Tendou
Or do all task
Did nobody else relies that ther using gay blood? 'Cuase I just did!😂😂😂😂😂
Theo
I think it would be cool to do “can you survive clue” I know it’s kind of basic but I still think it would be entertaining (sorry if you already did it and I didn’t see)
Theo from security is who I think because Theo wouldve seen the other person walk in and only one person walk out and Theo could've vented to med bay and killed him then vented back to cams
can we just get a among us video? XD
“YOOOOO DAN IS DEAD GUYS”
Not going to lie vent sus
Woah stephen junior here
4:20, I used that strat as imposter but claimed I was being their "bodyguard" and they trusted me the entire match... I killed in front of him and he didn't notice
Is this just me or was these questions easy
Its theo
“can you survive among us?”    yes kill all
Alright, here's who I think it is, and reasoning. I think it's Theo, because, he was in Security, and there's a vent leading to medbay. although, if the camera was on the whole time, it's Jelly.  Also, I need to vent.   I just miss the By The Way.. It put so much into the video, like a conversation. Now, its just the alone Can You Survive... I keep coming back to the videos, expecting to see someone. It brings my hopes up just to let them down. Its really lonely not hearing Stephen and Hosuh's voice anymore. It put so much into the video, hearing them. I was so heart broken when Danplan fell apart. We all cried, knowing that we couldn't get the correct story. Stephen and Dan had their sides, and we had no way of knowing the truth. If I could just hear Stephen and Hosuh's voice one more time on a new video, it would be the best. We all have apart in Danplan, but its just lonely. I'm sorry for this, but I needed to tell someone this. Even if no one sees it, thank you. Thank you for reading this and hearing out my point of view. I really needed to tell someone this, and I'm so happy that I reached someone. It just isn't the same. I miss the old Danplan. We all binge watch the old videos, just to hear their voices. Thank you, and I wish you the best of luck, and a good day.  Sincerely, Nagito.
haha i miss stephen's comedic yet so funny personality, i miss hosuh's wholesome and just wonderful personality, *it just doesn't feel the same.*
Nice
They refer to every colour as he except for pink
We’re did  hosah go  and I agree with can u Survive  the promised never land
This brings back btw memories
Nelli
Its theo
It’s just look like your soul have been played among us from thousands
Among us when everyone’s a cool red crew made everyone don’t actually know who is imposter who is the imposter and we have to think you should know who is imposter an imposter make like the other one on crew mates but there are imposters if you unlock the new skin if you type in the name of your names invisible just like your soul was playing among us
Among us have from one imposter tofree imposter you can do just with your pets but it’s actually not free even the hat from Henry stick man even on free except for maybe some of them
Make by in the lot in the slot have released 2000 people game RPG game of ways to think to clear levels henry Stickman collection this one have been released on stream and is the one that makes that makes us can play all levels
Among us by in a slot in the slot is actually a little just a little group but when he create one game of girls is Henry Stickman collection gets late just like 2000s of people playing henry Stickman collection and this is released on stream where that you can play all kinds of level in old Henry stick man
Among us thousands of peoples have played us and who that creates a Among Us in Twitter they said in 20 21 will be a new update of new Mac and new hats are free
SCP 6789 make by Trevor Henderson real name is siren head is the humanoid creature that is 40 feet tall arms almost all of its body parts
I think it's Teo,because he was in security knowing that in medbay There's someone.In elettrical,med,and security there are 3 vents that go to eachother so Teo watched the player get in medbay,vented,killed and vented back
I CANT WITH MY LUCK I MAKE US LOOSE
when he suggested the pro player as toast, he soubded like toast...almost
Try sweet home theme
Guy 2 was cleaning inside the vents... SUSPICIOUS. PLUS ONLY IMPOSTERS CAN GO IN VENTS
The oxygen password is boobs
*sigh* this video would've been so much better if...... the *thing* never happened
Best moment I ever had was:  "So Person A, where were you when it happened?"  "Well I was hanging out in medbay doing my scan. Person B can vouch for me" "Yup, he's clear"  "Hmm... ok. Person C, you seem kinda sus. Where were you this round"  "Well, I had finished filling the engines, then I popped into the vents for a bit to- WAIT, HOLDUP, SLIP OF THE TONGUE, I DIDNT MEAN THAT, NO PLEASE!"  *Cue everyone dying of laughter*
THEO There’s a vent from security to medbay he was making sure where everyone is
*Good to see DanPlan on a roll with awesome videos*
Should just quit your channel
Its theo because you can vent to sec to medbay
dan sus
if this real life just have 2 people in record 2 in admin and 2 in nav the other 4 walk around alway checking with people in admin to see if someone dead and where using the info unless there 2 killer in the 4 group  that was pick by skill set as running or moving without making sound they can check who dead but dont vote out unless they sure not be in that room it will work if the 4 group fast and fix thing like in o2
Its obviously theo theo was in security vented to medbay and did that quick slice
Can you do more among us it is really interesting and cool I was really taking notes
A
T-Tendou??🥺❤️
Your sus luck
Daniol
I miss Hosuh out of anyone, mainly because we wont see him for a while..
Dude on cams vented to med then vented back to cams real fast if the cams where on the whole time its whats his name
You forgot the sabotage
Alternate title: Can you survive Mafia again?
Tbh I always smile when they mention toast 😂
Its the guy on cams the vents are connected and there is a camera where you can see when someone gose into medbay
Welcome back lol 😆
This doesn't feel the same without Stephen....this is why I haven't watched newest videos....YOU NEED STEPHEN BACK DAN
Dan sus
fio is an impastor
Me: cry’s    mom: what’s wrong  Me: I miss the old dan plan with the og group
I paused the video right when he said “cleaning vents”
i think theo cause if he was on cams he would’ve saw his target and vented to medbay and then vented back in security.change my mind uwu
Okay, but they wouldn’t have been right to accuse pink, there are plenty of people who act like that in 2 imposter games as a crew mate. I am one of these people. I get ejected for this way too often, it’s really annoying, it’s a technique used most often with the intent of making friends and a surprising amount of people don’t know this.
Where are Hosah and Stephen?
If Steven was here this would be so epic
Alternative title: people come back and play stuffed mafia
I miss Stephen 😔
Steven would be great in this video
My guess is Theo, because when he was on cams I believe that he was scouting out his next victim which was Dolan. After he heard us/you coming he jumped into the vent to escape.
It’s all of them vote all of them out
It does not feel the same
I thought they were actually going to play among us
Hey how about, by the way can you survive Chernobyl
Thio
It's theo he vent to medbey
Drama from before aside, if Stephen was here he would probably say something like “ Tongues are too non-informal”
blue sus
It's nelly incase the camera wasn't on then maybe it was Theo but assuming regular speed speed for characters Theo wouldn't be able to run from security to Medway But at the same time Theo could've vented from security to Medway to frame nelly but belly wasn't there also it depends if the body is close to the Medway scan or not but nelly would be a better option
Oh no    this phase again
THEO YOU CAN VENT FROM SECURITY TO medbay
nelly sus
You should play "CAN YOU SURVIVE ASSASSINATION NATION?"
I play among us
0:51 you forgot about when crew mates and ghost complete all their tasks
Noooo what happened to hosa? 😥
I'm still sad that stephen left Danplan and all that stuff.....stephen all ways made me luaght...(sight)
Tryna be the new Stephen
It’s Theo. Why? The vent from cctv goes to electrical and Medbay
Can you try to make amends with stephen I miss him.
its nele 100%
Nelly
ya' know, i think this episode could be missing someone that would benefit it
It's Theo because he was in security and Daniel died in medbay so he obviously vented from security to medbay and killed daniel
Theyo
Part 2
Hello cas he vent
Will hosuh come back to danplan when he's back from the military?
I Miss Stephen 😔
Maid among us looks pretty good ngl
BRUH I GOT IT WRONG
earlier he vented its nelly sry if im butchering name
nelly vented
Nelly SHE vote Belly out
I think its Theo because he was on cams near medbay which have an vent connected to cams which means he's sus
You all should do can you survive Alice in Borderland
I think it is theo
The red haired dude looks like kirishima, of hario-
I'm also a very good among us player even as impostor or crewmate but I can't tell the entire story of my game..
10:12 i'll just assume he's colorblind :D
an impotor wouldn't have second thoths (srr for bad grammar) cause', impostors are a parasite
Now here's the real question  Can you survive Bydgoszcz
F this channel
Nah it’s dan
Why is everyone talking about ¿hosuh? and steven  I know it's not like the old times But move on ffs they aren't a team anymore get that shit inside your head stop this might make Dan upset too think of him too not just hosuh and steven
why is 3:10 for the oxygen password 80085 XD thats just why??? ik what it is i just mean just why????????????? XD
I'm sad that dan plan isn't completely the same
Just so you know, he literally did this before, he did Can you survive Mafia which is what Among Us is based on, so he did this before!!!
SCP 387 tequila Clase super Frozen kids any entity in this way the first Aunty bless Personnel in there it will it will be nice to it if you make it mad it was still kill you
7:22 I think it's pink because if I was imposter and my other teammate gets caught it ejected I would also vote for them so I would be less sus when they turned out to be imposter
Nelly
Steven 2.0 isn't the same but I suppose it's close enough.
I’m back and is hosuh a thing anymore
Its theo because he vented from security to med bay and killed daniel
Where is Steven our human knife hedgehog
It’s Steve- oh right
Theo
Ah shot I’m so sorry pink
Pink sus
I say Theo, he was the only one on cams and the vents were the only way to get the Medbay. If he didn’t take the vents, the player would’ve seen him in the hallway... maybe....UwU! Soooo Theo is sus
Corpse is having a really high IQ when he is imposter
they don't bring off the same energy as hosuh and stephen
i got the ending right!
I'm stealing that blaming the other imposter thing
Wait, wasn't there a guy who likes knives and stabbing, where is he?
Ok logically thinking, why would he be doing wires there all alone for the longest times, as imposter that doesnt make sense, but the one who was watching the cameras must seen daniel go inside of medbay, if the mean time i was in admin if the camera stopped blinking at some point, then he vented from security to medbay, thats why if i was at admin and there is 5 players id be watching the admin table, and seen security one person pop in medbay Case solved Mr Watson~
Isn't it funny how you refused to give even a counter smaller percentage to stephen for him basically co-hosting and your views dropped by not just HALF but 7 to 8 MILLION views? On a super popular topic?? Couldn't you have just given it to him? No offense to these guys but it just is so hard to watch because all I can think about is the broken friendships of 2020. Just too sad to watch. Over you basically telling your friend that he was worthess and did not contribute enough to get a percentage. And your views dropped by a ridiculous amount. Think about that. Have fun having to rebuild your entire brand because it relied on your chemistry with your friends and THEIR effort to interact
It's Theo, he probably vented from security to medbay and then back :)
Also I’m a god at among us
I’m red is now sus
Og fans if they ask why we feel sad just say "purple person with a knife"
I love how you said about the game Mafia lol
No offence  But i think they dont know waht sus is
I personally enjoy the new videos, but seeing everyone bringing up the old videos is making honestly a little sad and sick.
Stephen and mild Stephen
0:26 f u r r y
ask theo who went into medbay and or before you head into medbay check if the cams are on,  if the cams are off its theo if the cams were still on ask theo if he saw nelly go inside of medbay it all depends on who was on if  theo tells the truth and or if the light is blinking
It's Daniel
Im gonna put the past aside, just do one request for me, for some of the fans.. please I would like to see more murder jokes and the wildness of what could happen, in meantime of that I'm gonna go watch stephens videos
now i know the red impostor is ALWAYS the psychopath...
Nelly
Theo
Ooops
For the crewmate question, I think it's Theo because there's a vent from medbay to security, he can vent, then kill, then vent back.
Theo
They don’t hit the same no more🥺
Theo is sus he’s always the person who is related with killing
I will Daniel you’re not and I’m kind of new to this video I’m kind of new to this channel in YouTube but yeah I’m kind of new to this channel
I use pink in the game, and I use also the same flower😂💖
ok a few days ago I watched Hamilton and, 3:35:  "Cause there was nobody else-"  "IN THE ROOM WHERE IT HAPPENED  IN THE ROOM WHERE IT HAPPENED"
damn, i miss hosuh and stephen
there is a new Stephen
I miss Stephen T-T
I like this group
The fact that pink said that they controlled the two completing tasks to see if they are the impostors makes pink the imposter. If they were alone before pink, either both of them are impostors or innocent because they both didn’t attack each other but they both can’t be impostors because then there is nobody killing someone.
I miss Stephen and Hosuh
Hmmm dan sounds like dream
nele
It’s Theo because there’s a vent connecting directly from cams(aka cctv apparently) to medbay. Theo could’ve vented In killed and vented out.
Are these videos even worth it without Steven anymore?
I have problems with killing even in Among Us
I edited this so now you will never know what this comment said
Nelly sus man😂 ever if he wasn't impostor he would still kill all his crewmates lol💉 and then he probably killed the impostor xd
what happend to hosa and stphen??
It THEO
And IQ not in
Srry,4:56
2:56 2000 in play  Nerd:Actually you can only have 200 in max
It doesn't feel the same or as interesting without Stephen ^n^
Is hosa ok
I would KILL everyone with NO hesitation. I would kill them with HUGSSSSS
Nelly is triying to be like stephen
i miss they old guys but tbh i like these guys
Daniel
Theo because there’s a vent in security that goes to med bay. The scan is real close to the vent.
Cams boy bro there is a fufy vent bro
Theo is definitely sus, cuz we got a vent right there  connecting medbay and cams. Pretty sure everyone got it too.
Is Nellie a boy name?
I miss hosuh and Steven. I miss them
sheesh this is literally a whole different channel without the old cast its alot more boring now
Corpse, Sykkuno, and Toast watching this like: 👁👄👁
my guess  theo sus medbay got vent to camera room
I'm sure it's Pink, he just followed Blue so he doesn't seems too sus
Haven't been here for a while... do people still care about the drama that happened?
i love ur content but i miss stephen
daniel
It’s Theo, reason is because there is a vent in medbay that leads to security and electrical. He could’ve easily vented and killed before anyone knew anything
Just to let ya know I LOVE among us :3
Where is stephen
7:19 chillll making me act up 😳
8:28 I would pick pink as when your imposter unless they were caught by multiple people and you were there you shouldent ever vote out your teammate as if 1 crewmate dies it's no big deal theres alot of them but if 1 imposter dies that's half your team gone and teammates can do alot like be a person to cover you or help pull off double kills and to with no evidence besides they are sus to vote them out makes no sense as a play and imposters can be undetected the whole game if they are good so I would say its pink for that reason
Man I miss Stephen ;( he would be so perfect for this game. Go check out Actually Stephen. He’s awesome.
You should do can you survive dangaronpa.
3:10 Why does that number look like "BOOBS" to me?
1
I got it right in the last part ^w^
Do it again
People who never play among us: oh yeah guy 2 is innocent 1:22  people who play: I know the rules but you dooonnn't
can you survive danganronpa?
it’s theo since he was in cams
Nelly's like the new Jay. So I'm scared.
I want jay i want jay I want jay I want jay I want jay I want jay
i always love watching these video's
It's Dan
if the group didn't break  stephen - EASY KILL Hosuh- uhm Jay-He isn't imposter :)
can u plssssssssssssssssss make more r u phsycopaths test :)
It needs to be Elli cuz he was at caf and Dan was at medbey so it's elli
Me too
Holy shit I have not checked in in 2 years or so, how did so many things change I-  edit: wait where's steven and hosuh
They’re so cute they cure my depression😭
Oh so corpes
What happend to hosah
we need stephen
So who did you guys cast your votes for? I’m going with Theo.
Play among us
This... He didnt even try to do anything else than do the same thing  as before just got difrent guys, he couldove made a bigger team this feels artifical not natural
Wait,if a among us spacesuit is half a teletubby.THEN A DEAD BODY IS A QUARTER OF A TELETUBBY!!!        It is big brain time
Wheres Stephan
Yeah I miss the "by the way" era but these dudes are really cool
10:32 Theo vented from security
THEO
Tre
<sigh> I miss Stephen and Hosuh trying to desperately do things right together 😔
Has anyone heard hosuh in the military and just for Dan's greed
stevens hair <3
its theo  he vented from cams to medbay kill and vent back
ITSS TEALLL the right guy (idk how u say his name) ok .   .   . ITS THE RIGHT GUYYYY
sanana
NELLIE       I take that back........
This isn't Danplan. This is the result of a failure of a corrupt dictator. Stephen didn't care about the money nor did Josiah, they wanted credit, this wasn't a MY channel it was an OUR channel. Yet you ruined it because of your dehumanization. Now you just got replacements to cover up your mistakes. Your greed and vision of a dictatorship did this.
Me : -plays among us while watching this-  Also me: -.- I’m weird and dum
Me:*watches all the old danplan vids* Also me:*is cying my eyes out*
IT'S NOT THE SAME
Lol it's theo
It's theo he's the imposter
I choked on my drink at 9:36 XD
Lol Dan found a new crew. Goodluck to those fellas, ahahahah.  (Dan do you really think they can replace Hosuh and Stephen?)
It’s theo
can you please do: can you survive tokyo ghoul
I miss Stephen and hoshu
* Watches video * *Is extra careful not to look at the comments because commenters are never to be trusted*
My turn- Uh ok. GAAAH- oh where am I.. oh. you did your task? Ok your new? O- here we go. Nellie your uh.. Nevermind oh hi dan Here I go too m- WHAT ?! *Reports* I suspect Nelly!! he took Long!!!!... Uh.. wait he wasn’t Uhm-  The-Theo- STOP- AAHHHHHHH  X_X      :Health: ❤️💔  :Life: Dead.
why hosa and steven y did they leave
Finally ... Animation is back!!!
I like this guy with the cap
I would just join the impostors and btw i havent seen the entire video i have only wached the first 13 seconds
Is theo a reskin in of steven
You guy make the best videos
Ok look I didn't choose a video yet but it's the dude on the right of dan because he was in cams which you can see if someone enters or leaves meds if if dude on right side saw someone other then dan go in there but never comes out that mean it's dude on right and also if dude on left side was doing wires in cafe that mean he had to go to cams to do the rest of the task and if that happened dude in cams had a lullaby in where he was and would say it was a self report because he was with dude on the left side of dan
Where I  the fock is hosa and stiven
i have not watch this channel in a while but the guy with the ha reminds me of stephan
That jojo face is so manly
U ask theo what he saw in cams rigth? He would have seen who came in and out of med bay. It also depends if he was in security the whole time, was the cams blinking in the hallway when u came right in and if not blinking it's probably theo that vented from security. If he was in security the whole time then he would have noticed that nelly came in medbay and killed daniel. Or maybe the viewer is the imposter..... The answer depends on what theo answers tho.  Their are things i haven't taken in factor aswell, keep that in mind.  I think that the hint to this riddle is that daniel didn't say anything about the if the cameras was blinking or not. This could be unintentional but if it was intentional, it's probably theo who's the imposter.  I would have voted theo tho because daniel would leave hints like that.  Bruh it was theo
(My answer is Nelly and heres why) It could have been Teo in cams because you can vent to medbay but on the other half the camera is still blinking, Nelly took to long doing his task but heres the twist as you ran to do your task in admin Nelly who was doing his task in the cafe ran to medbay and killed him that means Teo at the cams probably did not kill him so the imposter is Nelly. (Edit:I hope I got this right oh yeah the wires is the easiest task there is no way it could take long to do that) (Or it could have been Teo because he could have vented and then killed em and went back to cams which makes the light blink again or they both maybe the impostors but my answer is still Nelly because I wonder when you were going back to medbay to do your task you may have  saw Nelly still doing this task or he wasn't there anymore. (I put a lot of brain power into this)
It was dumb that blue called the meeting if they just had to kill one more person
no i cannot. i'll prob enject myself by accident.
Only if Steven came back
Anyone else still missing steven
“Bruh how can you be more blood-thirsty than the imposter” I would ask William Afton that-
CHOSE UR OWN ADVENTURE?!?!?!🤩
Wow this actully was good!
Theo is sus because theres a vent in cams  leading to med and electrical
Can you survive AoT “but season 4”
Its Nellie i can feel it in my gut -_-; idk i am really unsure bout this though 0-0
The answer to the last puzzle is quite simple.  Looking at the corridor with the cctv, you can assume theo would have seen everyone walk by. Now, if Theo weren't the imposter he would have been able to quickly run into medbay and report the body, while also vouching for Nelly and you. Once you realize this, the answer will be obvious.
I’m still at the video, but I don’t know who’s sus
Can you survive Danganronpa (any game)
Ok I just got to the end so let think...  Nelly was doing wires some where in caf.  Theo was on cams. -------------------------------- With everything I know on among us this could go both ways- ive failed on wires before so I cant really count that  as a clue now theo if he was on cams he should have seen who ever killed dan. That is if,, he wasnt on cams to see everybodies locations and to know who to kill. Now people would normaly go for nelly but what if its theo? Now my sus is on Theo as cams could be a perfect coverup, but do we know if the lights where on the whole time or not? Imma assume we dont. Now imma pick theo but only because it would be a 200 IQ play to know that nelly was in caf then kill in medbay to then blame it on nelly as he was the closes, but sike on them as we passed nelly so he would have known that we were there and so wouldnt have killed dan, if he thinks like me, he would go for theo as he could then blame it on dan or us. And let us be real nelly would have killed us instantly. Imma also yeet theo off the ship as his last sentence really bothered me " dont kill me im inocent" ill decide that. Even if he is bu chance innocent! Imma still yeet his ass! Cause screw you guys!
What happened to hulsa and sethen
Oh that happened to nogla!! His teammate called him out and did that same play making himself not seem sus.
Hey can I do can u survive 2012
I love the vidsssssssssss
It’s pink
the haters be like. HOW DARE YOU STAND WHERE HE STOOD
I miss hosuh T^T
6
Sus you guys look suss exact them
Danplan is rubbish now the only reason it was good because Steven was in it
I miss the murder jokes that would go in between episodes like this, I miss stephen interrupting, not caring what the choices were, I miss the real teasing, the banter… everything.   This isn’t the real danplan to me, but I will respectfully move on now. I just keep coming back, as if it hadn’t happened, as if it was an elaborate joke, that jay will come on, that eccentric feel I get after watching the vid, since this dynamic, it’s just missing so much of the flavor. And I’m sorry I keep coming back to new vids as a memorial, mourning this channel when it still goes on for some. I just miss it. The classic.  I miss what this was. What an instant banger video this could have been, but I know that’s not what happens anymore. These will forever be mediocre vids now, the giggles and dynamics aren’t the same.  I know Dan is trying to replace what has been lost, but the core fanbase left, or are less contented, and I don’t think he can see that.   I miss “by the way,”
I will legit donate 100,000 if you get back together
I miss hosah and Stephen and jay
can y’all stop bringing up the “old Dan plan” up please get over it-
I’ve gotta say this channel isn’t good anymore nelly is a terrible replacement for Steven
Dang this is not the same. I miss the old Dan plan ;-;
FINALLY a animation
I think it’s cool that he’s doing animation again
It’s just sad Stephen is not there anymore Btw what about hosuh again?
(For the ending, I won't say their name.)  It was actually kind of obvious, because [REDACTED], [REDACTED], and [REDACTED] all connect in terms of vents.
Theo
When it got to the "either pink, blue or yellow" part I would have said pink, because here is what I imagined: Let's say that both green and pink were the imposters. Blue says that green is sus, and since if no one is voted out crewmates lose, the others will vote for green too. Pink knew this, so to act innocent, as soon as someone said that green was sus they agree because they know that, no matter what, green will most probably get voted out. Of course, green was the imposter, and the next meeting the others will assume that Pink is a crewmate and will vote for someone, leading to the imposters winning
i coud survive just gotta turn on my hacks and go zoom and say who the impostors are and get em out and tahts that
Can you survive bendy
Steven would be good in this video
me coming back after a year who the quack is this red hair person sorry if im being rude tho
You have choosen well
I miss hisoka and Stephen
3:09 best code ever
I didn't listen all sus
You tube broken it unsubscribe me to you
I miss Stephen he was the one that made Dan plan good
im just recalling all toast's video they are refering
These two are decent replacements.
If you think about it this way, Theo could have been looking at the screen and looking for someone to kill. And, like the video said about it... Meday vent and Security vents are connected,  so he could have just popped out of the vent and killed him, and gone back over. But he didn't go back over, and at first I thought Theo was going to die because like the camera's where going to turn off and he would die. That would leave Daniel, who was the only one you didn't see. But enough of my rambling, love your video's and enjoyed this alot! I really thought about what would happen if I where the one in their shoes. Thinky thought.
hehe disguised toast reference
I’ve been watching Dan for a while and I realized all gore is rainbow so like it a vampire sucks someone’s blood are they gay?
The one on cams because there is a camera outside of medbay and also a vent that’s connected from medbay to cams
Dude blue is the worst player ever lmao they needed one kill, If they only killed one person they had a second, the most trash people ever
Never defend or vouch your teamate if they have evidence agaisnt them
😞it’s the same without Steven
The scenario with blue and green would not happen cause the imposter who got out would always snake..
I miss Steven
I love the new steven😂
This feels weird
PLS DAN GIVE ALL YOUR LUCK TO HOSUH HE IS IN THE MILITARY BUT I KNOW YOU ALREADY KNOW IT BUT PLS HE IS AN GREAT PERSON PLS
No hate but the old videos were better I still like the new ones
Play can you survive the promised neverland
I'll sub ok
By the way do you watch danplan
Naa im sus
THEO!!! BECAUSE THE BODY WAS IN MEDBAY AND THIS EVENT CONNECTING SECURITY TO MEDBAY!!!!
nely
Why do you draw blood ranbow?
I thought that house and Stephen did this video TvT
Hey are they just acters for u or do u call them friends
Theo he’s too defensive
I knew it was him
IT'S NELY IDC IT'S NELLY💀
I got so used with the vlog episodes, I kinda prefer them over animations now
It’s Dan
Theo sus
This would've been so much more chaotic and funny with Stephen, I can tell.
Ooooooooh yummy did you just say yummy
Can you survive is night?  Dead or alive! Five nights at Freddy
How is Nelly more blood thirsty than Stephen and Jay?
"I'm ready to lynch EVERYONE." oh no... *insert underused joke about Town of Salem and how everyone is dumb*
I’m too poor to buy merch ;-;
Where did Steven go
Its Theo bc there is a vent n security that goes to medbay so he couldve vented
I'm bored :/
Corpse and Dream are good at Among Us and better than tost and what happend to every one I liked them now there gone    :[
I miss hosuh :)
He mentioned mafia and the go was space mafia
Anyone remember “By the Way?”
Those are new stephen and hosa
I miss hosuh I hope he's doing good in the military and i also miss Stephen so i hope he's doin alright
Hmmmm... alr ima pull a win outa my ass but I believe that it is that it is theo there is a vent that connects security and med bay... but I also believe that it could be Nelly because his blood lost and because we saw him on the way to admin... ima vote myself when they try to vote each other and keep the game going 😊
Can you survive Alien Isolation or the thing? Too bad there is no Stephen
You should do can you survive Stephan
No ^^
I know it
I was somehow too smart for this quiz and over thought
Theo vented to med then back.
Can your survive is fnaf
“Can u Survive Among us”   Matpat: u will never
I just found out that you still upload I'm so happy
Pfft best play for a noob is to ask if their name is red “too” bc as an imposter their name would be red and as a noob they’d think everyone’s name is red to themselves it’s actually worked a few times in my favor but I have to agree with the idea of there are more of us than them so if a few of us have to die to stop the imposter it’s the best bet bc we have 8 to their 2 so we technically have the number advantage so stick in groups of 3 cause even if you are grouped with both imposters if you don’t leave the group people can call out the imposters bc splitting into groups could still work for sabotages as-well bc there’s more than one group and if we ever have a time where we are in a group kill for whatever reason listen to each persons story one of them is likely to slip up saying the wrong task or area but don’t think of it as an accident bc even if it was we still outnumber the imposter so either way we are either removing a third imposter or the true imposter     Sry for ranting murder mysteries are my favorite series    Edit: is nelly the new Stephen or smth holy shiz
So happy to see the amazing animation again
I love how werewolf it's just a furry
I was making a family friendly among us edit and needed to see how they did the rainbow blood-       I haven't watched these awesome humans in a while
Dan: Toast is a pro  Me: *inhales and giggles after* I'm sorry do you not know who CORSPE IS, you know, ONE OOFF THE BEST IMPOSTERS TO EVER IMPOSTER (This is a joke btw)
CCTV LIGHT!
Nelly
Steven made it funny u guys are bland
You guys should play "can you survive all godzillas"
I don’t know who to Pick I don’t know who’s the imposter     I really thought about this for like five minutes 😢
2:13  Oh no corpse fans are going to be mad D:
Play "can you survive changed"
Ahh the og days when Stephen was with the Channel we will all ways remember you ( I am not writing because I don’t know that Stephen has a channel, I just feel like it ) we love you Stephen the psychopath.
9:45 I knew it was Theo because you can only vent from security to med, not from cafeteria to med, but if the other guy killed, then Theo would see that only one person left the med and would go to see if the other one is okay, so he would report the body first
Yesh
Could you do, can you survive danganronpa? :3
blue should've given a reason that green was imposter. the second he said green was imposter and he was without evidence I knew it was him
Nelly was in caf doing task in caf and theo was in the security  Me: Theo cuz if he was watching security room he could vent and kill dan in medbay
I miss stephen...
theo
no hate but the new videos have easier questions. if u hadnt watched or played among us then there good.
I like that Nelly is saying they're sus then talking about murdering everyone
I'm happy you guys can do animations again but they will never be the same as hosuh and Stephen
You guys should play ca. You survive "alice in borderland"
oh my god congrats your almost at 2million for the second time woo
I think it may be Theo. He couldve just been watching the security cameras to make sure no one was around Daniel so he could go and kill him. My final answer
Ngl I went to this for the sake of logic puzzles, but this was just trash tbh. There was no logic, just who you think is suspicious lol
I am glad that dan is still moving forward but i sill i miss the og
I want you guys to do “Can you survive FNAF” I think it should be funny.
It’s totally Nelly like we didn’t even heard of him the whole time so it’s him for sure
The easy carrot unexplainably explode because town architecturally spell circa a caring dedication.  flagrant, jazzy half-sister
Hey you should do more of among us endings cause that was fun
these are all luck like
Remember when Stephen the original one was here good times.............
It thei
Can you survive Sweet Home?   DO IT
Ngl I always thought Nelly just have a sociopath's mind so I picked Theo because he could be looking at the cameras to see how many people are there and who is the one who can be blamed plus the cams has a vent that can go to the med bay
I needed some space from this, but I’m glad this channel is doing ok now
I miss Stephen
Not to be rude but your channel kinda went down hill
Toast is kinda shit
It’s Nelly because there’s an vent in cafe that leads to the medbay vent
i wish hosuh jay and stephan was still here
3:10 i instantly saw it hahah so funny #funny numbers
you see, my name is also Theo........
i suppose a date Theo. say yes thank you.
If you vent in front of someone what’s your lie
It's theo
Anyone miss the og trio
Pls do can I survive the promised never land
Yeah luck said but can you do can you survive death note?
(Before the answers of the imposter at the end) It must be theo since if theo was in cams he could've vented to medbay and then vented back since from cams you can vent to medbay or electrical  (where there is mostly always a body.) So my statment is clear it must be theo.
Im tryna get used to the new danplan BUT I JUST CANT I always imagine THEM as HOSUH and STEPHEN  But i just want them to be back together 😭
I’ve been waiting so long for u to do animation
How is nelly more bloodthirsty than Stephen
Do the Promised Neverland!! I want to see you struggle!😈
You should do “can you survive danganronpa”.
There was this one time where there was 4 people left. I was the imposter. The other one get ejected early in the game. I was with this one person the whole time, but then when they were doing a task, I quickly went and killed someone. Then, when the body was found, the person I was following easily voted the other person, and I won. That was the most IQ big brain play I have ever had. I impressed myself.
I get Stephen vibes from hat guy
Yes.  Among us is an Esport.
It isnt the same as before, i miss stevens killer jokes, hosa's innocence and jays knowledge of everything, without those three, it isn't the same.
its so theo because security can vent into medbay and eletrical
Can you survive jjba as zeppelis dog?
I took a break from this channel, I took a breath, I'm missing someone but I'm happy watching this animation again 💕
How did nelly become the new stephen?
Theo. Other person couldn’t have walked all the way to admin,electrical then vented into medbay. Killed Him then vented away. It has to be Theo since Theo was the nearest person to the body.
Picking path videos reminds me of sanity not included how 2008. But I like it.
"That sounds like a you promblem" -Nelly
Yall keep mentioning Stephen n Hosuh , im getting emo :/
3:10 lol boobs
You should make "Can You Survive Alice in Borderland"
I miss steven man
Title:"COULD YOU SURVIVE THE AMONG US?"  Me: Excuse me?? Are you asking them if they can survive??B they ain't im always Imposter *clap* *clap*
Please do can u survive danganronpa
This "DanPlan" is the impostor bcz he forgot the "By the way"
Its Theo. He closed doors to medbay. Then vent killed
MORE OF THIS PLEASE
Who where misses hosa and Stephen
This is my first time watching, but that guy with spikey hair somehow reminds me of Kirishima-  Also i think it's The because there is a vent from cams to med bay-
Hallo
Do can you survive Dead by daylight
dude he looks like tendou from haikyuu is it just me?
Nellie  Me and him are literally the same
Among us part 2 animated
It feels weird without stephen...
So that was Stephen is just a extra
So when's the next vid gonna drop?
If Theo was on cams then he'd either see the impostor leave medbay or he is the impostor and he vented to medbay from security, definetly Theo.
Idk what you mean man, green was just cleaning the vents
*Finally, I can show my full detective potential...*  *On a among us survive video...*
Crewmates can also win by completing all tasks but there is always that dude who refuses to do tasks even after being killed
Wait where's that blue haired guy was he's name steven?
I wish the old crew to be back
Wow, I’m sad now Steven is gone, 8-9million views. Now around 442k, lol
I feel like either Nelly is just acting like stephen because it's among us or daniel told nelly to start acting like stephen, to try and replace stephen
Miss the animations yes
It doesn't feel the same it just dont i really want the old group back but its better than nothing
Can u do survive warzone
wait i havent watched them in so long WHAT HAPPEND TO STEPHEN AND HOSUH
I just came back to see this random people since I haven't came back since the old duo was here
I wont subscribe tillthe old group is back 😡
It’s dan
You should do survive the cube
WOAH I CAME BACK ALMOST A YEAR AFTER WHATS HIS PURPLE HAIRED NAME LEAVES AND THIS IS WHAT I GET? I LIKE IT
What happened to jay
You are freakin sus
Fheo IF he on cams he wod report and say its nelli. But he did not report secyridy and meday is kuneted to de vents. i hopp im rit🤔
Without hosuh and stephen i have nothing left that i care about on this channel. Quite ironic bc the dumbass name for the channel is Danplan
Melly is sus
R.I.P old gangs
Yes, animations again!
Go back to iraq you talab-
-gives head pats to the host-
Oh
Daniel
It was better with steven  and hosa
I miss the old danplan with the old cast
How dare you not give Stephen more money he was the only reason I love this chanlle he was super funny
Is hosa back
They've have not posting for a while
I'm so glad these are back
I will not be coming back to Dan plan and won’t watch actually Stephen the drama ruined this channel and I didn’t come here for a gaming channel goodbye and have a good year 😕 Sorry Dan. Sorry Steven. And god bless you hosuh. RIP my grammar
Danplan please do survive Death note it is a anime so please do it
MAKE MORE OF THESE FFS!!!!!MAKE A TON!!!
I honestly think its theo cus security is close to medbay and he could vent to there
discusting
MERCH MERCHHH
Out of blue,pink and yellow. I think it’s yellow because it looked like he was trying to protect green
God damn it I thought the red head guy was Stephen?
idea for u guys so check this - by the way,can u survive hitman
Wow its an animation
Anyone else think green is sykkuno cause the leave and toast cause the cop hat?
All Impostors(don't go down if you don't want spoilers) btw i did that cose i was board          Scenerio 1: Green(guy #2)  Reason:he was "cleaning" the vents  Scenerio 2: The Pro Toast Reason:he had a plan to all of them stick together he would kill everyone one by one with making them getting lostvusing 02 sabotage  Scenerio 3: White Reason:he have been cought by Theo and Nelly at killing someone  Scenerio 4: Pink Reason:She follow Theo and Nelly so they can say that she was innocent while the other imposter was killing  Scenerio 5: Blue and Green Blue Reason:he was trying to blame his friend so the others can belive that he isninnocent Green Reason:he have been beteryed by his teammate and get ejected
This isn’t the same without Steven...
I love how, this channel is about to hit 2 mil. After the HUGE event that happened lately.
I respect the grind
damn i miss Stephen and Hosuh.... :((((
Nelly is sus
Is this the same channel with the control freak...nice
Remember tha drama
Nelly and Theo be like:  Eject you! Eject you! Eject you! Theo: Nelly is sus for ejecting everyone!  Nelly: Dude we were doing it together!   Theo: I don't care! Dan: Umm-
Stephen be like: can we use knifes  Dan: achaully we can Stephen: yessssssssssssssssssssssss kill em all
what the fuck.    they  stared uploading again and got new  Stephen
You should make this video: Can you survive without the two pivotal people to your channel after 6 months
Pink has Marinated you ok
I miss septhen...
You should really do the promised neverlans
I still hate you for what you did dan
U should try to survive mincraft
It’s Theo
Am I the only one who thing that danials voice is like dream
Where is rpg part 6
I am a big Fan TwT
i love the gay blood, this is great :3
theres no cleaning vents in among us!!
Is hosuh coming back?
i think its Theo because Dan went to med right? And Theo was in cams and u can vent from cams to med-
Danplan’s videos are so chill now, I like it but don’t at the same time.
Where is hosah and Steven
Guys can u do Can u survive Alice in Borderland
Its not enjoyable without Stephen 😪
Pink sus
not the same without stephen
I miss Josiah
Theo
Theooooooooo
I believe two more months until those two comes back correct?
NELLY >:0
I miss hosuh... I came here after I forgot what happened and now I just remembered. I miss the trio :(((((
Can you play *are you emotionally scarred
Dan do you remember Hosuh and Stephen?
U will never replace them Dan NEVER
its not the same wichout the steaven
Hey i have a challenge for you danplan and the team try to survive a island fill of creature monster like idk dinosaur and try to tame them idk is you channel
i still think you should get stephen in a call and pay him the money he !WORKED! for
I think Theo cose he was on cameras and Nelly was doing task in Cafeteria so while the Nelly finished his task he just walk away and is not possible that Theo was in camera room ALL THE TIME cose there is camera next to medbay so he could saw the murder but he didn't that's my answer i will see if im right also in his video he walk to electrical and the vent to electrical was going to the medbay and camera room          Edit:i got it, it was Theo
I miss hosa and sthepen
Just coming back to the channel and finding out they replaced both hosuh and stephen
They seriously replaced both hosuh and stephen
I have been watching dan for year and just released that he sounds like dream and both like green
I miss the time dan,hosuh and stephen still did animations toghether :(
Damn I haven't seen ur vids since last year this brings back memories 😦
Where is hosu and Stephen?
can u pls bring hosea and steven back PLLSSSSSSSSsssssss
Make a can you survive a zombie apocalypse
can you survive flicker (roblox game)
wait.. huh?
Danplan will never truly be the same every time I come back to watch the videos I just keep a broken channel I miss Stephen 😞
Were you ok with making Stephen leave?
Guys I can’t let this go, Dan sounds like dream
Why not changed? Changed is a video game where you must not be turned into a furry(by not wearing cones or touching crystals or suspicious blobs)
I watched you guys 2018-2020 I’m happy to see you guys still working hard! Love the videos!
Should do can you survive danganronpa
I miss Stephen he was murderus
!Spoilers!                I knew it was Theo because if you think about it the cams are extremely close to medbay and the vents connects, and wires sometimes take a bit.
Yay!
For steven
Where's Stephen and Hosuh?
dan should do can you survive don't breath
The channel isn’t the same now that housha and Stephen are gone :(
What happened to Hosa and the other dude?..
Me and nelly think the same I now simp respectful
Yo i gust checked the channel after a long time to find this Stephen clone this guy ain't crap he tries to play the guy who only wants to kill hmmm familer
Not the same without Steven
I miss Stephen.... I doesn’t hit the same. He was my favorite.
I've got a video idea, so I've been playing a lot of Luigi's mansion 3 lately, and while I was playing it, I kept thinking about how this game's plot and gameplay would make a great, "can you survive" video. So, that's my idea. "Can you survive Luigi's mansion 3?" Now, I would normally say the first game first, but 3 just has much more plot than the original, and dark moon is extremely forgettable. Now, I'd recommend watching some videos on it if you haven't played it, or, better yet, play the game
I want them to play with me I’m so lonely in the game 😂💔💔
Before going into this, I'm just gonna warn you that I play Space Station 13 - The equilavent of Among Us on steroids.
Good job Daniel you have ATLEAST 5 show ups on Rule34
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
What app does he use to draw these animation?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDGVbiaiJ2M Can you survive Dan's greed?
it's safe to say it wasn't Nelly nor Theo... *It was a suicide*
How doesn't this have a million views its an animation and among us like seriously
Danial how do u fell now that Stephen left and now u don't even have half of the viewer ship u had
Theo is sus you don't have to copy menI just recommend u do
Me: DAN IS SUS, WHEN IS HE NOT
uhhh...ello mate? heh my first time here!
I miss Stephen and hosa
You guys should do the backrooms
Anyone here can you plz check out {Mythical GamingQueen}
i miss steven😫😞
It's weird seeing them play without Stephen and housa, I cant believe it's almost been a year since then
I bet you regret treating Stephen badly ya views are low.
Danplan:there are insanily good players in among us Me:hahahahahahahaha you fool im a good among us player couse i never get voted out
I don’t know I just get depressed by this
IT'S GUY 2!!!
I am deeply saddened by the separation of your once called friends but it is deeply refreshing to see you moving on and I still love your videos. LOVE YOU DANN
kinda sus how all the popular danplan videos have stephen and hosuh in them... idk
man this channel feels so different without... them.
I unsubbed a while ago, because of the contravercy and I didn't like the way the Channel was going, but now that I found that the "by the way" series is back I subbed again!
Idk why but when I see the red haired one, Tendou Satori keeps on popping up in my mind
I won't forget what you did to Steven and i won't forgive you best remember steven or else their will be problems
can you survive subnautica?
Nelly sus
10:29 never mind
9:44 it's dan
Bro I’m sorry but Dan plan just doesn’t hit different anymore I used to love these vids but since Steven isn’t here it’s just not the same
Do a rpg Christmas podcast
It’s Theo cause I think he vented from security to medbey and killed Dan then vented back
Your videos get worser and worser each time I come back
Dan sus
Dan
i feel concerned for nelly-
This channel is like going through out memory lane
wait was dainel dead?   oops
OK ITS DANIEL
How about How to survive Your Turn to die or danganronpa
Lol makes me want to go into a vent in irl
How could you do that to Steven 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
=)
Things just aren't the same without the og cast members..
I miss Stephen... 💜
do a anime part 2
Dan: That’s a pretty sociopathic move....  Me:........./innocent whistling intensifies/
This channel is just not the same without Stephen and Hosuh.
**MatPat intesifies**
I miss Stephen
It’s Theo because he was on cams and there is a camara right in front of Medbay if someone died there he would of called an emergency meeting but he didn’t witch means he is most likely the imposter. Oh and.   Theo sus
Theo no doubt
They got replaced 😔
its whoever was watching the cctv, 1. they could see someone going to medbay, there is a cam infront of the entrance, 2. there is a vent connecting electrical - 'cctv room' - medbay  (the only thing i really know from among us ;u;)
"There are pro gamers in among us."  **Thinks of Corpse and Dream**
THEO and NELLY WILL NEVER REPLACE  HOSAH AND STEPHEN!
Theo because there’s a vent from security
Yes vent cleaning is sus But imagine if that was a real task
Their is a E sports among us
vanoss is god at the game
I'm playing among us right now and... OMG IM IMPOSTER!!!
Can you please do a Can You Survive Stranger Things, please??🥺🥺 Like this comment, if you agree.
i miss hosuh and stephen
Next do can u survive the silence
unsubbing
This do be unrelated but it’s gonna be like one more year till Hosuh comes back from the military 🥺✨💖
Can you do a can you survive siren head video DanPlan
Your art style is soo cute XDD
Where is stephen
Green is the imposter and he know that's his buddy yellow and yellow is the imposter 100iq
Maid imposters . Yes.
fam this channels dead I am going to that recreyo channel .
Omg I haven’t watched this since Stephen left this is soooo weird lol
The F in the chat for Steven         He should be treated better
It’s neli he was the most sus for wanting to kill everyone 🤣
you change them whit this????? mayor bthu moment
It's theo he could vent to medbay to kill
I just came back from watching a rather deep roleplay and out of impulse, I search up Danplan and then boom! this! I'm so happy for you Dan, I'm sure it won't happen again, and don't feel to stressed to make animations :D
We got a sociopath and a psychopath Theo was the impostor.....I think? My reasons There's a vent in medbay connecting to security, there's also a camera just outside the medbay so if theo was in cams he could've saw daniel go in, notice that no one was around and decided to kill him
OMG I MISSED THE ANIMATED ONESSS EEEEE I stopped watching cus’ these were the best things and you started doing videos non animated. Then I see this and now I’m happy
Who else got the last question right?
Nelly: "we have ppl to spare let's shoot in the dark"
Everyone we welcome you to stephen 2.0. He's more bloodthirsty and physocitic than the first
It's the person who was in cams because you can vent to medbay fron cams and the other one might just be color blind
Where is Stephen iknow he quit cuz fucking Dan honestly Stephen is the heart and soul of this channel I suped cuz of him
Ah those days When hosuh And steven were in the videos....
I miss the old trio!!!! all I could imagine is  Stephen saying Easy kill all of them :3(Or something like that)
It’s  definitely Nell
I miss Stephen and hosuh channel was more fun with their craziness
Where's Stephen?
So glad your animations are back!
You wouldnt be able to survive among us because in real life there is no cooldown to killing, there is literally a one sided massacre unless everyone gets ejected at once
*you kinda sound like dream..Hmmmmm*
Btw danplan it was called space mafia back then and that’s a little among us fact
You should do “can you survive danganronpa?”
Actually I miss The Old Videos of danplan that contains with stephen and housah i miss them i wish that danplan and Stephen will collab again
Yeay! I got the first one correct!  Guess my "trust no one" does pretty helpful
Its obviously theo he vented to medbay
I haven't watched until the group broke up an you full on replaced them but I'm sure they are doing better without you
there is competitive amongus
Red boy sus a.k.a Theo   1:security is next to med bay he could have vented  2:he could only be watching cams to throw you of making you think he was watching the whole time he could've waited until we are not looking at cams he killed him then went back to watching cams to make you think he was still watching cams   3:ask him who went in and out   Defence for Nelly   1:the time in fixing cables depend on the pattern and he could possibly be doing something else while doing cables  2:the only places where you could vent in med bay is by either security or electrical   3:which direction did he go after finishing cables   4:the "faked task theory" is depending on how long he did cables   And that's my theory remember its just a theory
Remove the head and arms of the telly tubby
He sounds like such a nice person But when he shows his true colors
I miss stephen
I miss stephen :(
I know what've you've done to stephen he was what made your channel good fuck daniel
It hurts to see this channel without Steven and Hosuh.
It's Nelly He's the impasta but I'm off now.
I actually have an Among Us roleplay server where we roleplay out our characters feelings throughout the game and doing tasks and stuff  so now we all hate lime and worms
I miss hosuh 😭
Watching these can you survive videos just aren’t the same anymore. Ever since the group split up it really just isn’t the smae
It's theo
I know they broke up but what happened to Hosuh?
Feet
!!!. Can you be Santa.
Nely
Theo
Uhhm only imposter can go in vents and I'm only 30 seconds and I think number to is it
What happened to hosah and Stephen?!
i think nelly
i gotbict id
Not the same without steven
nelly is the ONEE!!!
Dan I want to say something to you   I play PUBS NO PRIVATE and big Brain plays
It’s Pink isn’t it?
I am a elite player too but I have mini attention
I forgot this channel existed and dam it looks like a have alot crap to catch on
I am pretty sure that blue and green one is like think and toast right they both walked out of electric and someone walked in a reported a body in electric then toast just blames think and ended up winning
Ykw i kinda like danplan without hosuh and stephen. I dont prefer it but its not bad. Its really enteratining
This is so weird... Stephen isn’t in this one. I can’t believe that you guys lost 9million subs... I mean I think Stephen did a lot of work so... anyways I probably won’t be watching these vids anymore so um it was fun while it lasted. 😔☺️🥺
I didn’t even watch it but I just chose Theo’s ending for a joke
Never will be the same without stephen
Can you do a ‘ can you survive FNAF’ ?
huh I didn't know danplan still uploaded after the break up
I'm going to watch one of my videos im the imposter
These fuffers replaced them
the reason this channel worked is because of stephen and hosuh's dynamic and the new guys simply can not match that.
I can’t believe you Danplan, you betrayer Stephan. Legit YOU MADE TRIPLE DIGETS IN MONEY IN ONE MONTH AND GE ONLY GOT LESS THEN 300 DOLLARS
Nelly is Stephen 2.0
Wait... Can you survive among us? U technically played among us since u did "can you survive mafia"
Shout out to the animators.
Do a part two to what if you were the last person on earth with ladi
Dan got new employees I see
It's dan
Me: like where is Stephen. My smart self: stupid I told you unsub. Me: *Unsubs*
WHEN HE SAID WERE WOLF SOMEONE GOT ANIMATED TO A LITTLE PUPPY WOLF AHHHH SO CUTE NEXT VIDEO WHO CAN LIVE AS A CERTEN ANIMAL XD
Wow after the fallout there’s still life
I miss by the way
Daniel sus. He kissed Theo
Whatever happened to the old danplan
this channel will never recover.
Its nelly if he was on the camera i call sus because you can vent from camera to med bay  :edit i meant theo at the time i thought theo was doing wires and nelly was on cams-
why replace steven? :(
....this isnt the same :(
Can we do a can you survive undertale?
I miss Steven he'd be perfect for this video.... I wish he was back
Dan sounds like dream
you're doing danplan with other friends because of money?!? SHAME ON YOU! Life isn't just about money and you can't replace them.  These people ain't even funny. Either you find smth better to do and make it up for your friends, or you'll just loose followers. I know, 'cause you've already lost me.
I hate you Dan
Is no one gonna talk about the 80085 in 3:10? No? Okay just me
It's Nell haw oh now he was in caw but took to long on task but danle was going to med but Kelley was closest to Daniel
Great video,but can you bring back Housa and Stephen
dan chose money over friendship and the result is this sad excuse of a channel. 95% of viewers lost. good luck trying to revive this channel.
nel
Happy birthday hosuh
Hey I haven't watched this channel in a while... Could someone tell me what happened to the og
Hey danplan can you do can you survive krmpus.
What happened to hosuh?
wheres steven and housha?
*Me who hasn't seen danplan since ppl left"  ...   WHO *THE FUCK* ARE THESE PEOPLE?!?!?!???!!
I said I want jeepers creepers
I miss the old group :(
Next video bouta be can you survive the doom hell invasion
Forgive Stephen please...the new people are not funny and if u see this make a vid.😞😞😞😞😞
OMG SIRR!! NEW FAN HERE!!! I'M ALREADY IN LOVE WITH YOU GUYS!! ESPECIALLY HOSHA COZ HE SOUNDS CUTE!! ALOS I'm a teenage, so when I start to earn- I'LL DEFINITELY BUY YOUR MERCHS!!!
gay blood gay blood
WHERE'S HOSUH!! i miss that dude
Ooh rainbow blood yay
WE NEED STEVEN BACK!!! WE NEED HIM! WE NEED TO CREATE A UNION!!!
#stevenlivesmater
Nelly is the new stephan
3:07am  me: i gotta wake up in5 hours ima go to sleep  also me: sees this video I DONT NEED SLEEP I NEED ANSWERS!!
idea: by the way, can you survive when day breaks?
There pro at amount us ? Let me introduce you too human lie detection Nux taku and maaz who is almost one if the best player .
We all miss steven to be honest
Dan
I'll say both sus cuz Theo maybe watch the camera's so nely can kill
This is not the same without James and Josa they where my favorite characters i want them to return :(
By the way ,    Can you survive the tenet???
Daniel he’s sus
Dead channel.
whats the disc link
Nel must be the new stephen in Dan plan
I want the old group back, it just isn’t the same😭
Nele
i miss hosuh xd
It me
Dans kinda sus
It’s never gonna be the same **cries in 4 year old fan**
Did hosuh animate this
finaly i wanted can u survive for so long
Big brain 100% theo bc you can vent from cams to medbay but ill see when i press the video
nellie is the new stephen 100%
Hey Dan plan just wanted to let you know if you’re worried about our opinion this new stuff is amazing and I loved the alternate decision thing pls more of that and yea keep going strong
It makes me happy to see them animating again but- stephen and hosuh i- im going to cry.
a
Nelly
Is Hosuh back? Has it been 18 months❓❗ I miss him.
At the end I think it's theo Because he was on the cameras aND there is a camera next to medbay that would show anyone going in and cams is very close to medbay AND there is a vent in cams and medbay that would be able to climb in and do the kill.  Edit: I just realized there is a link that shows the answer
Ok so I was watching and when Dan said that’s why RANDOMLY a t mobile ad plays and goes I WANT IT ALL lol
I cant watch yall without getting sad about steven and hosuh  I miss the good oll days  i feel like yall were a more iconic trio than now
Nelly
Umm im confuse who two of them ?????
i got it wrong
YES FINALLY SOMEONE SMART  3:45
Still wish that you guys will reunite 😢 sorry for this comment
The maximum iQ is 200 since it is the % of your inteligence among the world population
oh so dan got replacements already
Theo did a vent kill
I miss hosuh
Its Nelly
They're roll playing a role playing game? 🤣🤣🤣
I got it right the first time but Nelly is sus because I am imposter too
Honestly, i will forever miss the old group, but these guys seem really cool as well!
i want stephen back
Why does he look like Tendou from Haikyuu-
It's been so long since and animated video
It has to be Nelly because he has been blood thirsty the howl video
Wait their back this popped up on my feed and I kinda started crying I watched so many of their videos to fall asleep
Can you survive the promised neverland
I still can’t get over that Stephen left the group :’(
Can you survive the Vietnam War
First time watching since you know what and im gonna give it a chance
Wake up to Reality nothing ever goes as planned is the acursing world
So as former Detective on among us, I think wires guy. Now listen I in that scenario would see if cams are on still, if not I would not sus guy on cams still, because admin swipe doesn't take long, and if I'm in a rush I would catch the guy on cams killing if so, so guy who was faking wires. If I'm wrong well, GG.
tbh it madders if the cameras  were still on but if i had to choos it would be theo  (sorry don't know how to spell his name ) danel (sorry)  passed though cafeteria where nelly (again sorry ) was at and now hes dead there is a possibility while you walked away theo (again super sorry) vented killed and went back and if danel was going to medbay he had to have been doing stuff .. you would have passed him or saw him if you walked the same path back to admin there for i think it is theo ( i could be wrong )
I know why pink did not kill them is because their are two people and of she or he killed the other one could report and say its pink
Idk can you?
Im glad you guys still make videos! Me and my friends played the mafia game you guys played.
If I'm the only one who answers to dans question I think its theo (hope didn't got the name wrong) he had a vent cams to med and electrical
I think its THEO, and here ls my reason  NELLY cant vent out medbay if hes in cafeteria. If he vented, he will either vent out at Admin or the hallway near nav. he would've killed us instead of Dan and therefore there is a low possibility that hes the imp (idk what task hes doing but if it took awhile its probably downloads).   On the other hand... THEO is in security( idk if the cameras are not flickering  when I/WE went out the admin soo...). there is a Vent in security as well, that leads either in medbay and electrical. And thus, theres a high chance that THEO is the impostor.    I really want to know the discussion... cuz theres also a possibility that NELLY followed DAN, kill him and vented out the electrical. (No clue if NELLY is still in Cafe soo...). I will stick with THEO being the impostor.
Red sus
theo he vented from secuirty to med bay only for him to go back it to securtiy
i hope that the origanal group comes back and mix with this one then, everyone is happy....
Can you survive Changed? its a video idea
its not the same without the gang...
I hope you’re actually paying your animators a proper wage now. Imagine giving your employees $250 for a months work lmao
Do You Play Minecraft?
I find myself crying, but happy that they're doing well, I always check daily to both Stephen and Dan. I miss them so much..
Theo he was in sec and vented to med
I miss when housh and stephen where here
Hmmm. I'd would say Steven but I pic nelly
anyone misses the old danplan?      or is it just me...
im superrrrrrrr late
It is Theo
Nelly
2020
BWAHAHAHAHA THE PIN FOR THE SABATOGE PART
4
White sus Literally everyone: EJECTED
i still miss hosuh...
At least I’m not the only one that know disguised toast
Makes sense that dan would be an imposter
he thought of you as a FRIEND.
Dude i just watched stephens vid about quitting... bro thats NOT ok. unsubing.
I miss the group but I still enjoy your content
I am unsubscribing
Let's see how long this lasts tell Dan messes litarally everything up again
Sorry if this makes anyone sad but after revisiting this channel I wondered “what who are these guys what happened to the others” then after looking into DanPlan I saw a video that made me sad then I found many more saying Dans a asshole or something like that and I did not think that I just felt bad for everyone It made me cry I felt very sad that he old team would not come back together I am trying to hold in my tears while typing this too I watched every DanPlan video that was happy but it just made me even more sad because there friendship made me try and have a friendship like that because it was so wholesome with a little dark humor... seeing that DanPlan is betterish it just won’t be the same
Sorry if this makes anyone sad but after revisiting this channel I wondered “what who are these guys what happened to the others” then after looking into DanPlan I saw a video that made me sad then I found many more saying Dans a asshole or something like that and I did not think that I just felt bad for everyone It made me cry I felt very sad that he old team would not come back together I am trying to hold in my tears while typing this too I watched every DanPlan video that was happy but it just made me even more sad because there friendship made me try and have a friendship like that because it was so wholesome with a little dark humor... seeing that DanPlan is betterish it just won’t be the same
I only just started playing among us like lats summer so maybe
you guys should play "Can You Survive The Promised Neverland"
Tendō
Getting back here after a year feels good for some reason
I love how for the colors they don’t color them. They color their head wear
The person in cams are always sus when there’s a kill in medbay or electrical. Why the vents led to both rooms and back so therefore it’s Theo idk how to spell his name. But I’d it’s not Theo it’s the other guy, why Theo would have seen the killer go into the room
So, with the blue and green debate, if I was the impostor, and me and my team mate were suspicious, I would vote out my team mate to make myself look innocent, but, that also comes with a risk, I need more time to kill, what could have happened is, me and Green both do a double kill, using the reactor or O2 to kill the last 2
Me: sees a new danplan ANIMATED video Me: YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Umm Dan i dont know what happened or who is lying but pls make up... Or just say sorry to each other the full group  of danplan is just awesome and fun. Maybe you can talk about it or somethin it just feels sad that the channel is dying cause i maybe cringy but yeah it never too late to mend or yeah just try to make a concept cause we miss danplan. like this video its fun.  Its just I'm neutral no statement has been proved or maybe it has idk but yeah pls  again make content that makes this channel grow get new people and if you did a wrong thing back then just try not to do it again...😭
ngl missing the “By the way,”
Red sus
Where hosa
Neli sus
ngl i got it wrong ;c
The gang should do "Can you survive Until Dawn?", it is a very fun game where most decisions can impact the story in a lot of ways.  If you don't know what it is, I reccomend watching a playthrough or trying it out on the PS4.
Were is stephan
It's theo maybe he from cams killed Daniel and ran back while everyone else was doing tasks And there's a vent to security to medbay So i think that it's theo
Theoooooo!!!!!!
Still it would be better with Steven and housa im sorry if I spelled bad housa :(
God the nostalgia of the gud old days with Steven and hosah
Could you survive fnaf
I like the vibes, it feels like the good old days. It kinda hurts, I miss Stephen, but I also like Dan enough...It's weird.
These won’t be the same without Steven
Dammmm its liked we liked this channel cause of the animation
It s blue
Theo because in securities there is a vent that can go to med bay
Who are these people
I remember this a old team danplan can you survive. Until there's now a new team
What happened to housa
A good but toxic imposter trick: If the imposter killed in front of you you can report body and kick them out.
THEO VENT
I have an idea even though you probably don’t know anything about it you can just down load Roblox and in the typing thing you can type in creatures and then I will show up creatures of something I forgot the name and there’s a bunch of scenes where you can make it were one of you dies or it’s very terrifying but it’s also very pretty parts are you happy parts are getting a friend are you can find these mystical creatures trying to take care of their nest because that game is mostly based off survival and beautyAnd you can also search up tutorials and other things or whatever on YouTube
Did Stephen dye his hair Red? And Hosuh Brown?
Wait, dan plan is back...
That's just mafia game, but without a lot of peapole
At the end I won! I knew it was Theo he could vent from security (camera room) to electrical or medbay he is new so that is my testimony
Dan plan will never feel the same to me
Among us was actuly called space mafia sometimes
Man i heaven't watched u guys ever sience the other guy (sry forgot his name) left couse dan refused to pay him more Edit:Watched an older video and rememberd his name steven
I got all of this right. This stuff is easy.
Nelly is sus because he wanted to kill the whole time
i am very confused.
I miss the old gang
I feel as if my win against Theo isn't justified if I don't explain, so I will. Assuming Theo was in fact on the cameras he would see Danny go into medbay and never come out, which would prompt him to look in medbay and see the body. However, he doesn't therefore you can infer he vented from cams to medbay, killed Danny, and then vented back to the cams.
dude try to befriend stephen again you guys were so cool with hosuh as well.
the answer is youtube is the imposter
Wait they're still uploading? I thought Dan went into Limbo or something
this just does'nt hit the same without stephen
I don’t like this
Where are hisoka or his name and Stephen?.......
Me still being kinda mad that Stephan quit even though it was a while ago like almost a year ;-;
can i still pick daniel? even though hes dead hes still sus
i miss Steven, it would be fannier with him.
seeing the animation videos again makes me so happy
He is finally back
It's Theo because you can vent from security to med by and If Theo was at security is obvious to assume that he could have vented, kill Dan and vent back to security and so far Theo was the only one not doing tasks.
When you watch toast and you watch danplan too :D
I miss hosuh and steven 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
So you pshco you need help
NELI
Packs of three is the best  If 2 imposters are with a crew member one will kill and well that hella sus
Green is sus
Peil
wow ive seen this chanel fall and rise deplete and rise sip steve
Dang I didn’t relise how many people unsubscribed after Stephen left
It’s theo
Arghh...I misss thissss...!!!!!!🤧🥺
the boy band version of MHA  is the entire intro-
It's....back?.......... IM SO HAPPY!!!!!!!!!!
Oh god, Nelly is like Stephen. He's my favorite!
I miss Steven
You guys made a video where you said can you survive a button and in that video you said if you got a million subs you would bring Hosa and Stephen to Disney world
theres missing info at the end, before I walk into medbay I would've looked at the cams to see if they were blinking to ensure whoever's at cams is still at cams also whoever was at cams would've seen who walked into medbay. So if Theo is at cams he would say "its nelly I saw him walk In" then again he could be lying and he could've vented. knowing this is sorta a trick question most likely bc I don't think the smarter way would play out in a legit game, Id sus Theo thinking he vented into medbay :) gonna come back and see if I'm right!  AND I WAS!!  considering Theo left security an went to elec is a bit sus too, but then again that means he wouldnt have seen on cams who walked into medbay :/ if the light was blinking when I walk into medbay and Nelly says no I left to elec then Id vote him out
steven would have stabbed the impostor
Wheres hosuh and stephen
i miss steven danplans never been the same :(
I vote nelly I dont give a fuck
Has anyone else realize Theo's hair looks like Kirishima's hair?!?! , No just me? , O-ok no bnha fans here ;-;
That ending was pretty easy
The thing is, nobody ever believes me and votes me out when I’m innocent. ;-;  and one time i got voted Cuz I called someone’s cousin sis when they were the impostor. I have bad among us luck lol
Theo because security vents into medbay
Theo vented in front me
I'm so glad he finally did a "can you survive?"
This is the first danplan video I’ve seen since the original trio of Hosuh, Stephen, and Dan split up.
Did Dan really replace Steven and Hosuh? I stopped watching before all the drama came public.
I miss hossah and Steven :(
It's dan
This channel died when Stephen and Hosuh left 🤷‍♀️
02:13 CORPSE is Champ
I miss hosa
Miss Stephen and Hosuh <3
Daniel... dont you regret not stopping Stephen from leaving and keeping Hosuh.. cuz without Stephen and Hosuh this is trash
I think it’s dan
please Theo and Nelly are doing so good o make these videos entertaining, dan chose some pretty great people to make these vides with^^
Is this gonna stay, I really want it to stay
THEY DIDNT MAKE MY CHARACTER FAT AND DISCUSTING!
Not quite hitting the same way without the original Trio. Just found out about the split and it's a shame. Dan did to Stephen, what HBO did To Dave Chappell basically. Stephen presented his value, Dan invalidated it with tangibility of content. Where Hosuh was the artistic component. and Dan be the Host. Stephen had the emotional intelligence to bring out the best of the latter two. Not saying one was better than the other but there was a synergy that made this work. I hope Dan will come to his senses and realize it was his friendship that brought the views not the content.
I wish Steven was still with them 😔
Do a can you survive minecraft or roblox
Amongst the is a good game
kayla's art style is so cute istg
merch looks lit
NOOICE
Just vote them all out You have enough sacrifices
I like that the blood is rainbow
Ok, in every video that adds Portuguese caption, its broken
O think it nelvin the guy hos taking to long with tasks
Does anyone remember the last 2 people who where here before you them
tappy liked dan plan is back to animate, i just hope nothing bad happens :))
*the last one* There is a vent in cams so i think he vented and killed him! Btw, I watshed that video now and I survived/ won!
Ngl this is so boring that’s why I left before cuz this channel is nothing without Stephen and hosa
Oh my GOD they're back
Can you survive being a idot???
So, they're more than 15% of the channel?
I miss hosuh and stephen
Was the cams on when you walked in medbay
So danplan has a budget stephen, nothing changed since the controversy
Its theo, cause there is a vent way to the security to the medbay lol
Nelly
...Tendou...
Yeaaa! Toast is also one of my favorite among us players
I'm down with Nelly's approach. Murder everyone, and whoever wins wins.
I miss hossa and Steven
I died
idea for the next video ,, Can you survive a quiet place ? ''
Obviously I would survive I’m smort
Where the FUCK is hosa???? ONLY DANIEL IS HERE!!!!!!!! WHAT THE FUG HAPPENED!??!?!??!?!???!?!?!?!
I missed when these videos use to get millions of views
me:vent infront of a camera the person that saw me vent:ok hes now ejected the ghost that know wht im up to:its a trap
It still makes me sad that the group split up... I have subscribed to you for 3 yrs but now...
Look at this channel, only around 300k views per episode when there used to be millions.
This poor character only has 3 braincells, and one of them is hellbent on murder.
I miss hosuh
Does anyone know why the heads go missing and you only find the bottom???
Hi I have to tell you guys this so one of my best friends can draw really good but she is not 18 or up
Omg can you do “can you survive undertale?”
nux is the best player. there is recorded proof of him not cheating. he figured out that a guy was the imposter by 2 words coming out of his mouth.
DanPlan sus      cause the video tittle is not "by the way ,can you survive among us" all his video tittles begin with by the way ,can you ........   Dan plan was ejected ......
Can we have the link to your discord the other one expired maybe cuz it was 1 year ago... But whatever
no no no the body is like teletubbies but without its hands and head
I'm glad videos like this are back I liked them
hey guys remember Stephen...
lmao, i like that drawing at 7:19
It’s Theo bc in the security room there is a vent that goes to med bae, so he would have known that SUSSUSU GREEENE went into med bat from the cameras vent over kill him and vent back. Also I don’t care GREEN IS SUSUSUSUSHUSUSYSYSUSUSUSUSU
What happens if you’re a mortal and you’re Super strong
So did you guys forget Steven
My favorite players are the people that figure out the imposters based on gameplay elements rather than anecdotal evidence. It's great.
Nelly
This has the vibes of the og times, lovin it
I guessed Theo and I was right because sure Nelly was taking to long but that means that he might screw up then there is Theo that there is a vent in cams that leads to medbay and elec and when you found a body i guess Nelly takes to long to go to medbay then the vent in elec is a ez short way to go to medbay there i suspected Theo so I voted him out. Gg
I miss stephen and hos
There is a new Steven
I say Dan just because his existence is Sus
I miss stephen and hosuh still but atleast  yall are back
What the f*** happened to  Tulsa  Steven
in the blue, yellow, pink situation, its pink bc u wouldnt eject ur own teammate even if there was sus on both of u. blue voted green bc blue was sus of green. pink supported blue bc pink knew green was an imposter, n if pink was caught supporting green n green was voted out, pink would be automatic sus. yellow supported green bc yellow didnt know. thats y pink supported blue bc pink didnt wanna become sus for supporting an imposter. i think oop nvm i was wrong
8:03 literal the most related part, like a body with three heads jajajjaja my friends and I playing among us. WE ARE A ONE CHARACTER.
Dan
Dan
You lost the most thing i liked about your channel
Why new people Dan
Yes a animated video
Anyone remember Stephen?   ANYONE!???!
Grizzy is good too
I think DAN is sus
it is theo there is a vent leeding to medbay from security
Didn't they use to have 2 mil?
dan
Ok so at the end I want to explain my thoughts on who the imposter might be and you can use my ideas as maybe a way to make your own judgement     Ok so nelly could have easily killed  as cafeteria is very close to medbay but they were doing their tasks a bit to long which is sus   Now theo we believed to be in cameras as we say them being used by the red light blinking but he is sus to since he could have vented to medbay kill dannil and then go back so he wouldn't be considered sus so by that information  It's equal to a 50/50 vote  So you have to make the decision who is more sus ?
Nelly vented from electric to medbay killed Daniel vented back
YEET THAT BOI OUT
Yellow a sus boi
If just 550 people give me one doller í can buy one Brand new ps5 :)
Do you ever feel like you can do a crossover between you and actually Stephen
I want to give dan another chance, although I feel angry that hosuh and Stephen and all the original team is gone, dan did apologise to the mistreatment of the animators and the others.
among us characters but with arms is scarier than any killer
the best best things together , make this
Oooh ima try doing the second thing you said and see how well it works
In the situation of pink  firstly who called the meeting was it pink or another crewmate   secondly  was it a body that was reported   thirdly how many persons were dead when the meeting was called  We need more context
what happend to jay :c
Theo he was near the medbay
...     I'm sorry, how, just, how.  This video isn't supposed to exist.
I feel so dumb for thinking that was Hisoka in the thumbnail for a second
I miss Stephen
Now, this is the DanPlan I know and love.
I think its theo, cus it is security cams in front of the enterance to medbay. He propably saw that Daniel went in there. And since the vent from security goes to medbay, he ventet to medbay and killed Daniel.
He hates all pearls
Lmao imagine abusing your co workers so bad that u have to get new ones lmao f u dan
Is that..    Tendou?
Steven 2.0 Here everybody
Among us is easy to survive because I'm always the killer
Nostalgia at the peek
I'll am I seeing a danplan second wave? I think I am
yes and I can give you the greatest advice I can for surviving: DoNT dIE!!!
i miss hosuh's voice...hope he's doing great in the military..  (yeah, i just watched "that" video)
I'm a pro player in among us
Ngl red is sus
who ever was in cams is imposter
Theo
Try doing "Can you survive being in the movie: Alien"
What happened to hosuh and steven?
These animations are what Danplan is about
Relatable
Those god tier Among Us players are no joke, they can literally tell who's imposter just by the tiniest suspicious movements
"This took alot of people to make" Jaiden Animations just be blank rn      NO, I'm not saying the video is bad, just a joke...            Or maybe-
If only Stephen and Hoshi were here
finely yall are BACKKKKKKK
theo looks like nishinoya
I already thought it was theo electrical suecurity and med bay vents connect bam prob a vent then kill then badk in vent       this is what i call pure knowledge
Nelly is the new sociopath
I'm glad the animated videos are back. Good video!
yo i feel called out about pink lol cause i do the same stuff and kill likes well in a group to let the other guy kill and i close doors randomly so like yeah feeling abit called out lol  edit: i also play pink lol
What if Daniel faked his own death
Where is hossa
Nelly became the new Stepene AHAHAHAHAH
I want to see can you survive danganronpa
Darn, I just came to check on DanPlan's recent videos...       *they totally missed the opportunity to call them danplanimations*
Among us is fun as long as no one is using discord to cheat
Btw the imposter is- [battery dies]
I kinda mist Steven
The blue and green question when they were suspected to be imposter i thought *we* were the imposter because nobody said we were crewmate or imposter at least that's  what I think
Vanoss is an among us detective
This isn't the same. There are three of them..
Who Sus A guy doing Nothing or A guy cleaning the vents  hMmMmMmmmMmMMm ThE gUy DoINg NoThInG iS sUs
i miss stephen in the channel
Nelly is imposter you can't tell me different
they saw my comment
Doooo, Can You Survive Little Nightmare!!!
2:19 I could only think of 2 ways imposster won  1 : they stack killed 2 : sabatoge
Is this the new Stephen!?
It's definitely theo bcs security have a connected vents between medbay, electrical, and security
theo is the imp he was checking cams to see if ppl are alone lol ez
Wait its animated!?
Idk why but everytime i watch danplan its like something is missing :(
I personally can't move on from that break up this channel had. Now I know I'll get hated on. But they were my idols. They were my childhood. I've been watching them since they begun. I know I'm not the only one and that others moved on. I'm happy dan is happy. I'm happy Stephen is happy. But we have 0 idea what hosuh is doing. Wouldn't it be wonderful for them if they got together again? If they apologized? If they were all 4 friends again? Dan, Stephen, Hosuh and Jay? Wouldn't be good for them to? I understand that they don't want to atm but.. wouldn't it be nice? I know they all moved on and maybe I'm the only one that is still far back.. I miss them. Anyway cya guys in the dream team fandom! :D
heres question dan why does your character have green hair
I miss stephen and hosa
Still hate you for Steffen
It's Theo cuz he was closest to Mid Bay the security vent leads to Mid Bay it was Theo
is it me or does  that guy look like tendou from haikyuu
The end was so good soo innovative I feel happy that you are back with animations
I play among us and don't trust anyone
Kirishima?????
Who the hell are these people what happened to Stephen and hosah?   I’ve been gon for a while btw
SCREW U DAN
i think nelly is gonna be post stephen
Aren't you supposed to be dead?  " My death was incredibly true... "
Ah remember steven
4:34 marinating.. h m m m m, he has learnt marination..
Hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hello hello hello hello hello hello hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
Hi
Anyone else wonder what happened to the heads after they die?
Theo
I know it was thoe
Oooohhhh yes! I LIKE THUS AMONG US!!!! ʏᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇᴇs! I likes this one! Yesh! Sorry i like this! Sorry i played among us
wait i fyou eject the imposter wouldnt they just slowly go back to their planet because their aliens
theo in cams and hes doing task
I hope his team continue long.
i miss the golden age of this channel
Blue : it's not me Judge : it's okay
Teo
Nelly is almost becoming like Stephan
I dont like these new guys i miss stephan and hosa
Ah yes. Toast. The 100000 IQ Mickey Mouse of Among Us... I heard that mini Mickey you put there
Me: _doesn't watch Danplan for like a year and a half_ Also me: *who the fuck-*
Danplan is BACK B*TCHES!
Stephen probably be like: Lets just kill random people and win,Duh
To the question ate the end, I would eject everyone.  No one is safe, if you are sus, you die.
I love that danplan brought this series back😁
Hey dan, awesome video! In the off chance u see this, heres a video idea. If u havent already can u make a video based around qanda but like an adventure type thing, so we can get to know the new ppl? People love the animations and stories but we also love the personalities and people
I got it right
I would probably be the leader but then get killed first round
Among us in a nutshell Impostor: *Kills infront of everyone* Public lobbies: *I'm lEgAlLy BlInD*
I hate this vid dans trying to replace my purple haired boy
me totally not thinking that was Tendou for a second.....ahahah nope
What happened to  hosa
Top ten anime betrails
you can’t replace Stephan but good try on it (bring him back)
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy it's animated
Why do I relate to nelly so much in these murder situations. =. =  I’m scared for myself
not the same.
I got the notification just now
It’s Theo is Imp cause there is a vent between sec and med
Nellie
Its Theo he vented from security to madbay
It’s just not the same anymore.
Theo he coul d have vented into medbay from security and vented back to security those three vents electrical-medbay-security
WE.NEED MORE LIKE THIS
Something is missing but idk what
Psychopathic like me
compare the views to this and compare the old can u survive video, ;-;
Can you survive surviving?
No offense btw dan Man i REALY miss stephen and hosuh, stephen was so funny and fun to have aroud, i miss haveing him and his personality in the videos 😔 oh and i miss sweet sweet hosuh, he was such a cinimonroll AHH I MISS THEM😭   Edit: nelly in this vid seems a bit like stephen because of tbe weapons but i feel like he can never replace him, only stephen can truely be stephen
It’s yellow how I know because he’s vouching for green
I'm not saying Stephen and hosa is better but Stephen and hosa is better
WHEN IS HOSUH COMING BACK
They still have rainbow blood
Yes I can I do it all the time
Theo it’s so easy to trap ppl in meadbay wial in cams
Why do the suits in Among Us appear to have oxygen but everyone dies when oxygen is turned off
Red hair guy looks like kirishima
theo sus
Where is my cute innocent hosuh goo
Dan
I love the short videos y'all should do more!!!!!
I loved how you guys include us in, in the ending😌✌️❤️
It was pink
Theo
Dan: toast is pro  Me: wait! What about CORPSE HUSBAND
Damn. Who remembers when they had all that drama. I personally sided with Steven
It's theo
It's theo
This feels like classic Dan plan
JUST WOW
DANPLAN STEPHAN WAS ONE OF THE MEMBERS THAT MADE YOUR VIDEOS FUNNY AND ENJOYABLE HE WAS THE PERSON THAT MADE ME WATCH YOUR VIDEOS BUT YOU TREAT HIM LIKE TRASH I'M UNSUBSCRIBING OKAY AND ALSO DANPLAN I'M THINKING OF YOU LIKE TRASH RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’m gonna be truly honest here with my opinions. I believe the new cast is horrible compared to the old one. Although it was very unhealthy in the old one at least it was original. I feel like Dan plan needed the old cast and he saw how popular it was so he cloned it. Now we have the knockoff version of Steven who even has the same kind of lines.
I know all the videos and watched them like thescp part 1 and2 and the monster in the village that eats treats and more
And I know how to play this game
The game was first called something with mafia at 2018 before among us was famous
I am a huge huge huge fan
I got it right the first time and the Theo is imposter cause there is a vent connecting electric, medbay, and security
I haven’t watched the channel in a while cause work and stuff but I’m so happy to see these vids come out cause theyre still so amazing ✨✨✨
OK I swear on my life that was way way way way way way way way too easy!!!
Format is great hope every one during the vid was doing well
Yes where back with the animation let’s go
If you were to vote your teammate they would say bruh u a imposter too then both of u get voted out
I knew it ... is the impstor
Like ya vids Dan its sadly still isnt the same..but oh wheel your happy,Strphen is happy,i think Hosuh is happy too,so i guees we are happy..
Nelly u sus bro
im I the only person sad that Stephan left
Daniel and two Stephen 2.0s
Seeing the rainbow blood again feels so good
The dude with red hair looks like tendou from the haikyuu anime-
Oh my god I've missed this so much TvT
#bringbackstevenandhosuh
This would be so much more funny if Steven was here
Me as imposter gets voted off Also me: its me and green Green: gets voted off next round Meenwhile blue thanking me for not telling them he is imposter
I want stephen back (Will keep typing this on each video)
Damn bro, look at your views, guess you shoulda given Stephen that 20% huh?
Iv'e played this game for some time now and i know that there are vents connecting medbay, electrical and security, so it's theo
I still miss Daniel :(
You can tell they are running out of ideas lol
Nelly sus
Danplan should collab with actually Stephen for one more time.
It's Steve
Im mad i didnt get a notification
Bring back by the way!
Finaly, some good FUCKING FOOD
Title “ can u survive amongst “   Me: bold of u to think I can survive any game .
i would say its you and you and you and you and you
missed tha animations ^^ am back now
Bruh how long has it been since their last “by the way can u survive “
i got it right because i knew the vent in sec leads to elec and medbay
Oh my god,Toast reference is just perfect-
Hat guy is the new stephen 😌
Stephen would like this
Sorry but steven was better:(
danplan: merch plug  me: i want it
Can u survive       Deez nutz
0:26 OwO
everyone is sus
You said that someone died in electrical? Well So Theo is the one on cams Nelly just when off to god now were. So the one on cams could have killed someone. Because there is a vent that connects to cams and he has access to all the ships cams so if someone went to med bay THEO would have seen have seen who would have gone in. Vented and killed them.
Just play the game, don't animate it
WHY DOES DAN SOUNDS LIKE DREAM?!?!?!?
I missed this.
I tend to become more of a pacifist imposter if I make a friend in a game and they are following me around. I also tend to vent in front of them to tell them I’m the imposter. They then, for some reason, let me win, probably out of pity ;w;  If I was there while they were doing this, I would try to befriend the person who is the imposter so that they might not kill me(or at least won’t kill me first). :,)
I thought it was a btw again....... I miss you all
Can you servive Undertale 💀
Eh this just feels off really like new coca-cola and coca-cola classic off
It's upsetting the fact that people aren't that sad that Stephen is gone. It feels like he's being replaced.
Theo
I swear i was cleaning vents ok
hi ive been not watcing u for a year is hosuh and stephen grown up?
Rainbow blood
Noiceeeee
Im still confused if pink is a boy or a girl.....
Nelly is the new stephen now.
It isn't the same without Stephen
why does theo remind me of kirishima!?
its nelly
4:41 The answer is a definite maybe
YESS FINALLY AMONG US I LOVE YOU DAN THIS WAS A GREAT VIDEO 😊😊
Guuuuuuuuuuys.... No way... Old videos made millions of wiews in days.... now... just... no... guys this is sad... so god damn sad... I loved this chanel in the past but now... Nothing... it lost the magic it had...
The toast guy sus he want us to stack So he can kill without getting noticed   Edit: oh shit I'm right
Well, guys... NEW SHIP!!!!!!!
Theo sus
6:39 Real talk, if you're impostor in a 2-impostor game it's perfectly acceptable to snitch if they don't follow up on a double kill.
Rainbow blood....my memories are coming back....
This is good
Sorry Nelly, you were sus
I miss hosuh
"how can you be more bloodthirsty than the impostor" lol
Can you guys make the video can you survive the giants house where there's a giant and you guys try to survive it plz do it plz
Thought I blocked yall.
Ok, but can i meet nelly irl, he seems like a great guy to 𝕸𝖚𝖗𝖉𝖊𝖗 𝖔𝖙𝖍𝖊𝖗𝖘 𝖜𝖎𝖙𝖍 😃🔪
The return of the kings
1:04 when someone figures out hats going on lemme know cuz idk wtf did i just witness
I missed the old days tho.....
9:15 Nell being Nell
I swear I'm always right when I say I know it's someone. I GET CHOSEN TO GET EJECTED- SO NO! I CANT SURVIVE CAUSE THE PLAYER ARE NIMRODS-
Who what when where why ........ DANPLAN ALIVE
No I am the pro among us
:OOOOO ITS ANIMATED!!! it looks so cute!!!!
where the hell is stephen
Where the hells steven and hosuh? his channel is nothing without them, you gotta get them back.
Can I pick both because their can only be 1 winner
idk bout ya'll but i really like the new guys' vibes. i support them!
Ya Dan
I miss the old days
I love how the "pro player" is wearing a toast costume. Reference to Disguised Toast probably...
I wonder how danplan coped with- **gets sleepy then put on a chair with red tape on my mouth** Dan:you are sus
I kinda wish amoge was real because if i was a imposter i would be such a good one not to braggg or anything 😏😅
at the question part i already know who iy is cuz of the body if theo was at cams means he vented from cams to medbay and boom ez win :)
It’s nice to see Danplan is getting back to it’s roots
Me that got an idea: "Can You Survive Return By Death"   Also me: hmmmmmmm, that would be quite interesting 🤔 well, for me that is
finnally among us
Cooledd
You know best thing to do in that real life scenario is to have everyone in one room then have only one person go and do their tasks and then when their done send the next and whoever leaves the room with the other person you yeet out (if the reactor or O2 gets called send two people If one doesn’t come back yeet the survivor out cause they killed em) UwU
Hola
im among us sweat besides from bad memory
For the question at the end, all I really need is 2 questions:  “Who was in cams” And “Did you see who walked into medbay?” Let’s say Theo says “I was on cams, didn’t see anyone” it’s probably him because there’s a vent in the cams room that goes right into medbay If Theo says Nelly DID go into medbay but Nelly denies it then ask Nelly: “ok, so where did you go after I saw you in cafeteria?” Caught in a corner from there *but* If no one admits to being on cams then it’s most likely Theo, because getting to med from caf is pretty quick but if cams where on before I got to caf while Nelly was in cafe.. so getting from cafe to cams in -2 seconds has gotta be tricky. then the only question I can get is “where is everyone last” anyone in cams? Not admitting to looking on the cams at *just* the right moment? Vote em. anyone in electric? The vent is a triangle, it leads from med, cams and elec. The problem with sussing someone who “did their tasks to slow” is a no-go for me, in my eyes that’s not a reason to sus them nor a reason to trust them,  that’s just skill/experience lv at that point  As someone who plays this game *quite* a bit il prolly watch the two vids to make an actual vote, thanks for reading my essay.
WHO THESE RIP OFS WHERE THE OGS AT
Is joseh (icantspell) coming back also great vid i love this game
Pls play among us
Theo: but what about the problem of killing an innocent person? Nelly: that sounds like a you problem *vents away
I Won last game... yay! I always hace fun with you guys
I love this channel I was here when you had 2 million
Who else miss'es stephen
dan sus
Nelly=me on a Daily Basis
I’ve been away from danplan for the past year since the whole Stephen thing. Seeing this makes me so happy.
Wait this isn't steven and hosuh
I have an idea for a video! It’s, can you survive DANGANRONPA If you don’t the manga or the game, I suggest playing the game.
It’s Dan
Disguised toast and dream are really good Among Us you should play with them some year
I miss Stephen
I miss Hosuh :(
3:10 nice sabotadge #easteregg
I’m genuinely furious at this channel, how are you guys fine with it. They just completely ignored the problem from like 2 years ago. I dont care if its been that long, Dan just moved on. HE EVEN GOT NEW PEOPLE
7:33 I think it’s pink
Why are some of yall commenting "I miss Stephen" , "Its not the same without Hosuh and Stephen", and " I miss Stephen and Hosuh, why didn't you pay them Dan😩" If you miss Stephen go watch his videos it not like he dissapeared off the internet and with Hosuh he didnt quit it's been said so many times that he's at the flipping military. Plus you cant expect Nelly and Theo to flipping be the same as Stephen and Hosuh. Let them be themselves. God, they won't change themselves to satisfy your need for the past and what used to be  and the fact that some of you are are pressed over the drama that happened AT THE START OF THIS YEAR is ridiculous. Let it go, it's been 11 months.
BRING STEPHEN BACK
Jax i see jsx from inquister master
It's not the same without Steven :(
So my guess for the ending is that the imposter is theo. So what I was thinking Is that nelly was in cafeteria doing wires and he took too long which is suspicious. I pass Daniel who's heading to medbay and assume that theo is on cams. As I'm heading to medbay I find daniels dead body. So what i was thinking Is that in among us their is a vent in security that leads to medbay and electrical. So I think theo vented through medbay to kill daniel and quickly vented again to get back to security so once I call the dead body nelly would be sus but it's actually theo. I feel low key smart for this lol but if im wrong I swear I will run into the street and punch a random pedestrian in the face😂
I GUESSED THE IMPOSTER ON MY FIRST TRY LET'S GOOOOOOOO
The question  is if the cameras went out for a bit
IT WAS THEO
When is Steven or soming he’s dark I like him
I think it might be Theo because the vents are connected to medbay and so it might not be nelly because he might be colored blind we don’t know so I think it’s Theo
*sus*
Murder all.....I'm the winner:>
IT'S THO BEACAUSE HE VENTED TO  cam caps
This Channel used to be better but know its dry
You forgot if you finish all tasks crew wins
The new Steven and Hosuh
I GOT IT RIGHT
Ive ejected my own imposter friend to get the others off my trail  and I won
Ok did I miss something where tf is Stephen?
IT'S THEOO
It is Theo because he could vent from sec to med.
2:12 “Toast is kinda cute”
i like your videos but i dont like them as much anymore cuz it dose not have Stephen anymre :(
If stevean was here he would want to be imposter
can i be nellys friend
Without Steven its different
Kill them both
Nelly
Theodore was venting from cams to med, ez
it is theo you can vent to medbay then go to cams so that is why he is the inposter ha you thought
Where is Xhosa?
What happened to Hosuh and Stephen?
Anyone noticed that on the sabo for keypad that they had calculator numbers 80085 which is a meme to spell b°°bs upside down on calculator
This channel is still alive? Bruh
yes yes and yes
Has Hosuh quit because of his job in the military or because Stephen left?
Nelly is the new Stephen
I'm so sad the original group split up
"Can you survive Among us?"  Ask that to MatPat...
This makes me sad
i didn't know danplan is still going. i guess he was right when he said ''stephen can be replaced at any time''  are we all just literally going to skim this over? how this once great channel has fallen into obscurity?
ok these guys are noobs
Ooh, a fully animated episode, damn
Why do Jay, Steven, and Nelly Sound like my murder buddies? ( I don't murder but I act a lot like them XD )
theo is the imposter because  the body was in medbay and you can vent from security to med bay
damm its so diffrent without Stephen .....
I want to say thank you, you have brought me through some tough times, I hope you bring more joy to others, have a good time with YouTube.
Where’s Steven and hosah
Friend: I'm Imposter but I won't kill you  Friend: *wins*   Me, Who was killed by them: so this is what betrayal feels like in among us, right?
Ooohhh i have seen your video again for a long years bc it never appears on my screen;-; dk y. Awiee hope u found a new team again
I missed a character that quit your channel he’s a lot more better than all of you guys
I don’t get why you can’t just play the original
shots a water gun just getds their space suit wet be like nah fam
I have a great idea for something you could do and I’d like to be a part of it but I’m guessing that’s probably not gonna happen
Ha ha Body go brrrr Ha ha Vent go Brrrrrrrrrrrrrr
I miss Steven and hossuh
Corpse is beat
That blue and green are me I got voted off by my team:(
I wanna drink piss
when u just said pro player..                                        corpse
I pick Theo
I still hate u
The dude w red hair looks like Tendou HmHMhMHMMM
Yare yare daze
What’s up with this new animation?
It should be "Can you survive electrical?" Its waaaay scarier
What happend to the guy whith purple hair. Its been a year or so and i came back wen i remanbered the bird box video.
Its not the same without Stephen
0:11 the person on the right looks like someone I know  *hMhMmHhM*  Tendou nervously sweating in the back round
The sad thing is that they are trying to copy his character(if you know you know)
This kinda video would have been perfect for Stephen to work his psychopathic magic
Is theo
You can also win by tasks
I-its not the same i need the old group back
i miss this
this channel is still going on? props.
I miss hosa an Steven and Jay why did they replace them:(
Nelly be turning into another Stephen!
Hosuh not being here is kinda sus
Ah yes Toast..."Sherlock Holmes is a never wrong!!!"
It’s theo
Theo sus because he was in cam so he saw daniel inter medpay so he can vent to medpay and killed him then went back to cam But nelly also sus because he can blam whoever was in medpay like what i said early so he can Go away with murdur 😅 I think nelly is the imposter 🙂
Dan plan is lowkey boring without Steven
Damn i was going to vote dan cause he knew the answer. If he knows who the impostor was then it must of been him but since it wasnt an he knew he had to be cut. I vote US. We are the impostor now! We self reported!
Some ticktockers are amazing at it
no i cant
petion for dan plan to play among us with the old trio like holesu stephen jay gavin ect
i think theo
what have you done to stephen and hosuh.  *By the way, can you survive "Us"? memories kicking in*
its just not the same without stephen his presence in the videos just kinda made it 78% better when is he coming back
I think its theo
Do more animated videos. Normal videos are good, but your can you survive animated videos are the best
i think its nelly because if ur in security u can't vent all the way to admin u can only ven to medbay and electrical
omg he literally said someone was cleaning INSIDE the vent XD
The red headed one looks like Tendou
Are you pilipino?
Also Hosa I’m sorry it’s not your fault but just know I love how wholesome you are🙂 It made me smile to know they’s still good in the world
I RESUBSCRIBE
I AM CRYING HAPPY
FINNALLY
nani!!!!!!
man, im not hating/not supporting daniel but i really want hosuh and stephen back in cuz you three are perfect ! that would make my year!
Ok for the last question at the end I think it's Theo because if he was at security and can see through the cameras he would be able to see you and Daniel. There is a camera right in front of admin and a camera in front of medbay. If you were going to admin saw Daniel go to Medbay and go to Medbay see him dead and also knowing the fact that Theo was just looking in security. It's a high probability that when he saw Daniel go into the Medbay through the cameras he vented to Medbay then vented back to either security or electrical. If it were Nelly it would've been an bad choice because if Theo was not the impostor still looking through cameras he would be able to see Daniel in Medbay and then Nelly running from cafeteria into Medbay then leaving and soon after Daniels body would be reported. If you are reading this comment I'm sorry if it's long but do you agree with me or nah.
If it was real life I could probably survive
No I won’t because even if I know what I’m doing I die first because my friends know that I know what I’m doing
god- im late TwT
6:45 they would have won because its the same amount of imposters as crumates so SUCK IT DANUEL
If you have problems on killing someone in irl just vent away
Fu Daniel or whatever you made Steven quit by saying he was just a worker and meant nothing and be Barely did anything
Every color is sus except red
Hm, this feels like a reboot
Its theo cuz u can vent in security to med bay. (sorry if i spelled theo's name wrong sorry ;-;)
Theo he walked passed medbay when u went to medbay makes sense
i wish steven was still here...
Ok nelly could be sus because he took too long or it's just because he is new theo could not be sus because he is in cameras but also theo could be sus because he is looking at the cameras seeing if anyone else is going in there so he sees no one else is going in there so he vented to medbay now we have to realise cameras vent goes to medbay and electrical but the wires nelly was doing is in admin so he could not go to medbay that fast when you are in there so theo could vent to medbay sooo it's theo
Its probably Theo is the impostor, Theo is in the security cams right? In the cams there's a vent there leading to the medbay. After theo saw you pass the medbay and go to admin, He immediately vented and kill dan.
In our year end party, since it's quarantine and we don't get to go to school, we will play among us as and who ever gets a lot of points win XD
Haha, i knew it.  Did u guys get the question right in the last part?  Cuz I did UwU
Hey where’s Steve and and Hosuh I haven’t watched in a while
I miss steven in your animations guys
ITS THEO HE WAS IN CAMS AND VENTED TO MEDBAY AND VENTED BACK, BECAUSE CAM VENTS CONNECTS TO MEDBAY VENTS.
I FEEL SO BAD THAT I PICKED NELLY
So it seems things are going smoothly now, very nice
I haven't  watched danplan in 2 years... WHERE TF ARE HOSUH AND STEPHEN?
nali
nelly is steaven 2.0 :000
can you survve among us?     yes this  my favorite game I always hate being the imposter
I think its Theo. Im heading to the vid now but here is my reasoning:  Taking long on task is decently normal, even though cafe is right by medbay- Theo was on cams watching peoples every move. If he sees somebody going into an area by themselves and everybody else is distracted, then he will vent from security to medbay. Soon he will vent back and get back on cams.
By the way, can you survive POKÉMON?
I can't stop dying
bru i would fucking yeet everyone off the ship
10:87 I thinks It's Theo :^
*can you survive Among Us?*    Yes i can because i have a imposter streak *Kills Lime*
they: pink sus me:*me literaly acting exactly like pink in every play*
BRING BACK DANIEL
Its theo could have vented and killed lol
i want to say if you split up during and oxygen sabotage with two players in each group you will know who killed who
Is the red one he is sus🙏
What happened to Stephen
Yes, oh god please yes
You should do can you survive the maze runner... just an idea, I would love to see you do it.  Big fan.
Theo
One time, before the game started, everyone in the chat was saying random facts about themselves (stuff they liked and whatnot) and I mentioned that I’m genderfluid. One of the people in the chat was like “yo cool” and another person was like “gross, there’s only two genders” and we had a lil’ argument in the chat. Game starts? I’m the impostor. I follow transphobe friendo and kill him IN cool friendo even though cool friendo wasn’t an impostor and they helped me win the game. It was the best moment of my life.
Great job guys. once again another great video. Love your vids
I love danplan but its not the same without steven and
Dan: pick Nellie m’s video if you think Nellie is sus or pick Theo’s video if you think Theo is sus Me: Tryna remember who the heck was on cams
i have not watched any new videos from here since stephen left so who is the new guys??  rip stephan
its theo he vented to medbay and then vented back so
We want the final zombie episode with Stephen, housha, p.j And with nelly and Theo as new characters
I did what pink did
may i ask what happend w steven and the others
Do a video with housha
WHO CARES ITS DANIEL
i vote nelie
i can obviously survive among us
GREEN IS *SUS*
You destroyed a very amazing Chanel. You suck!!
well right off the bat i think its nelly coz he already said he will kill everyone in the ship lol SO MY VOTE IS ON HIM XD
The sound effects in the background tho
Nelly is the new Stephen lol
Oh How the mighty have fallen
Theo be a little sus tho
Dan sus
Theo is the imposter because he could have been watching cams to see if anyone went into medbay alone vent to medbay kill Daniel then flee though the vents
I kinda like this new dynamic well it isn’t new but I like seeing Nelly and Theo animated their funny 😂
not the same , we miss steven and Husa
what happened to steven and hosuh
Steven was an imposter
Omg im gonna sub now i miss these
Am I the only one who misses Stephen’s humor?
It’s nelly lol
Can you make a vid we’re you guys play among us plz
Where is Steven
Apologize to Steve and Dan
Apologize to Steven
Dan: puts arms on the crew   Me : cringe level 100000000000000
Stephen would be impostor
The game also ends when everyone finished there tasks
More animation, thankkkkk you
I haven't really watched danplan after the drama happened and I just saw this recommended for me and I'm just.....super surprised to see that he went back to making his old content.
You guys should do can you survive danganronpa! It’s super fun
It's theo  lol
Fuck you had to make Steve go away
theo theo THEO
For all artists and animators in this comment section, here is a helpful tip. Breasts are not naturally symmetrical so if you draw a female characters chest and it is not being symmetrical that is actually good!
Dan: *Says there is a person cleaning in the vent* Me: They are are the impostor
Nelly is giving me Stephen vibes. There, I had to say it. :/
Can you Hike alone by yourself from the horror movie never hike alone OK
Oh wow he has changed his content so much since to controversy and hasn’t just continued doing the same thing, cuz he took “by the way” out of the title
POGGERS
Easy, is Dan.... It's always Dan.... :V
Theo
I love among us
Detective 100
Do can you survive wwl
( this comment isn’t mine I just wanna spread the word, but) You should do, “ Can you survive undertale!
I knew it was Theo
"A lot of people worked super hard on this-" But how many got paid?
Oop animations are back I guess.Tbh I just watch all your vids from 3years ago and the whole drama thing is sad but like you all chose business over friendship.
Danplannn backkkk😭😭😭😭😭😭👏👏👏
Why are all the crewmates drawn with arms I'm scared
Who are these people.
It feil because there is a vent connecting cams and med bay
Theo I think is imposter cuz Theo was in security and there's a vent in security that goes to medbay
YEYYYYY!!!! Finally got animations on this!!!!!!!!!🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
mhm
mafia in space
Dan its Dan
The old Stephen was better
this video is pretty stupid like heres how you know if you would survive PLAY THE GAME
Can you survive Among Us? I.e. long-ass waits for match makes! Toxic hosts who ban you for no reason or troll matches!   The game has become so damn toxic!
I miss the old gang..
where is steven
actually... I think I will survive among us....
I see the stupid pink man marinating them :3
I think nelly
theo for sure cuz he was on cams in securty there is a vent that connets to medbay and elect so theo is the most sus for me
https://youtu.be/Y7vmvDBEoms
Daniel is impostor
Videos for the legally insane.
My cousin in among us when he's sus and he gets accused: NOOOOOOOOOOOO ITS BLACK NOOOOOO FR NOOOOOOO
Whos sad that stephen left
Nellie is imposter he wanted people to go into medbay and was doing fake tasks watching the people as soon as he entered medbay he killed daniel and vented out into electrical.You report the body and it should be Nellie you think idk if its right let me see first and ill edit it and tell you if im right :) . Answer:Wrong I forgot they could vent INTO medbay and not only FROM medbay.But it was still a good try right?
Pink wanted you to say that they are clean so they are off the hook of being sus or being followed constantly for a period of time (and they might believe you more if you are "not sus")
finally!
Yaay danial back
Now this is the way I love danplan  Animated although I do miss Steven and hosa
Do more animated videos please
TOAST AHHAHHAHAHHAHAH
I heard im killing everyone i didn’t know who said it but SAME i would kill everyone.
1 day ago¡
Me)play among us dude he killed me
Hey by the way Can yall survive in undertale?
I got confused during the drama - but , since i assume dan changed , and there are 2 new members aside from Hosuh and Stephen , i think Dan deserves another chance. This is the new era of Danplan.
Keret gang
its been so long and finally you posted an animation!~ but god this couldve been perfect with stephen tho...
Well, i think its the one who was in security, cuz theres a vent from there to medbay. or the impostor is trying to frame that person- and you can mess up the wires, it sometimes happen, so if there wasn't any body or evidence, that would be really sus, but now there's more evidence on the person that was in security.
This is sooo Nostalgic cause i am back from the sad video.
Hey Dan, I really loved the videos you'll created, it's been fun. This is just my opinion, hope I don't sound rude or something but this video gives me vibes that recreating personality that was used in the old videos, it's feels weird. I really don't like the feeling it gives me. Hoping to just be your own selves, it will be much better that way. Love you all, been a fan since 2018 ❤️❤️
This feels like a video that Stephen would be best at
Stephen will forever be missed
SuS!
By the way, can you survive russia
i hate dan plan at first i really liked it but the he fired stephen i hate you
i still kinda miss hosuh and steve ;-;
Theooo
FINALLY THE OLD DANPLAN IS BAAACK
Theo reminds me of Kirishima.....cute...
Why dont you make videos with hosuh again
I miss stephen
Theo you can vent from security to medbay and to electrical and nelly was at admin you cant vent to admin to medbay the only vents you can vent to medbay is the one in security and electrical
What happened to Steven he was the best why did he go?
Nelly
the answer deppends if the camera was off or nah its that simple
You should play danganronpa because its just like among us
What happened to hossa and steven?
Its me, I self reported and won. I'm the one who killed the guy in medbay.
Deo because you can vent from security to medbay
YOUR A JERK FOR BEING RUDE TO HOUSA AND STEVEN
The can you survive series
so im a sociopath i call out my own team when im impostor heheehehhe
Nelly be like the second Stephen.
Anyone here from the hophen era short for hosuh and stephen
The brand new Dan plan
It’s Nelly
Love your videos :) I hope you can pick back up
This channel is under rated
“ InJacked all of the imposters “ wow and he don’t know that hahah
*Mafia p2?*
Theo
Do something! It's you who bring the mess.
NELLY IS SUS AF!
9:59 daniel, its always been dan, dan PLANS to murder everyone (scratch that he died.
I'm down to Lynch IRL, true, we COULD kill an innocent, but we also COULD kill an imposter.
I've been waiting for another animated video, anyone else?
Hosa woulda loved this (I think his name was Hosa dont get pissed im new to the channel but he has purple hair)
More anmashin
I wish Stephen was here
Its been days.. dan plan havent made animation.. i was waithing this moment for days!!! TuT.. And i loved this vid
It is nele because he was in the vent because the vent lead security, electric, and in medbay nele killed Daniel and vent off. 2000 IQ I was playing among us sent 2018.
I really missed these fully animated videos! But why doesn't Dan bring back the "by the way", I feel like that would probably get him more veiws tbh
Sorry but I still just don’t enjoy these videos anymore ever since Stephen and Hosuh got kicked out/left. It feels bit like these new guys are just replacements. Frankly I just don’t see Dan the same anymore.
3:06 anybody else hear Toasty from mortal combat
100% nelie BC he is murderous
Fck this, is both, i know he'll put both
I’m about as good as toast tho.
Oh I mug us!
Toasttttttt
I really like your videos >w<
;-; 1M subs i remember as it was 2M subs what happened
Guy number 2 cleaning the vents hmm 🤔 seems ligit
I think I'm the imposter, how did I see nelly do wires at the top of cafeteria if I was walking down to admin
Daniel you forgot to say that another way to win as a crewmate is to finish task and another way to win as a imposter to sabotage and wait till the timer ends     also make a version that there the imposters
It nelly
GREEN IS SUS!!!!!
Nelly gave off major Stephen vibes, ngl. Theo was giving off Hosah vibes.
Theo is sus I vote theo
I wish Stephen was back
YEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS
Also, if everybody was sticking together, it would be harder to suspect who the impostor is. And there would be a higher risk of stack-kills.
Hi everyone! I hope y'all are having a blessed day! 😁 If you are reading this, it's not by accident! God wants you to see this! ^^ Hosanna to the Lord! He is SO AMAZING!!!! ❤️😄❤️ There is only ONE God, the TRUE God, he is the maker of heaven and earth. And he made us in his image and likeness, male and female, with dignity, value, worth, and purpose! ❤️ He made us to worship him. But we chose to sin against him, to rebel against him, and to disobey him. So, as a result, we are separated from God and live under the foolish myth that to some degree, we are each our own God, declaring right and wrong, living our own life, by our own rules, and standards. And guess what! That God ♥️LOVINGLY♥️ came into human history as the man ♥️Jesus Christ fully God and fully man!♥️ He was born of a virgin and he lived a life without sin, though he was tempted in every way as we are. And he WENT to the CROSS and there he SUBSTITUTED HIMSELF for sinners. When Jesus went to the cross, he took WILLINGLY upon him the SIN of those who would come to trust him! ♥️ That means me, as a sinner, Jesus WENT to the cross and took upon himself ALL my sin, past, present, and future! 😭❤️ And Jesus Christ God who was a man, DIED IN MY PLACE, FOR MY SINS, PAYING MY DEBT TO GOD, AND PURCHASING MY SALVATION!!!♥️♥️♥️ Jesus' dead body was then laid in the tomb, and for 3 days, he was buried. On the third day, a Sunday, (which is why we worship on that day) Jesus ROSE in VICTORY over satan, sin, death, demons, and hell. And he COMMISSIONED us with the HOLY SPIRIT, to be MISSIONARIES telling this ♥️AMAZINGLY GOOD NEWS♥️ that there's a ♥️God♥️ and PASSIONATELY, LOVINGLY, CONTINUALLY, RELENTLESSLY pursues us and he ASCENDED into heaven. And today, Jesus is ALIVE and WELL and he's seated on a throne, and he is ruling and reigning over ALL nations, ALL cultures, ALL philosophies, ALL races, ALL periods of time. And he is KING OF KINGS and he is LORD OF LORDS and he is RULING and REIGNING over ALL people, commanding EVERYONE EVERYWHERE to REPENT of EVERYTHING and he is COMING AGAIN to JUDGE THE LIVING AND THE DEAD, and those who trust in him, will enjoy ETERNITY and his KINGDOM of heaven FOREVER, and those who do not will SUFFER APART from him in the CONSCIOUS ENTERAL TORMENTS of HELL. That is what we believe, we believe is JESUS!!!♥️♥️♥️♥️🙌♥️♥️♥️♥️ God bless you!
why did i get so excited when you post videos Owo
I swear,Dan always has that one friend who's like a psychopath
You could've known it wasn't yellow because yellow said it was blue most likely because they had the same suspicions you did about blue. Gotta peace together what they're thinking to figure out what makes the most sense.
Where is xhosa in Steven
Where is syeve?
So heres the thing theres a reason my name is detective in the game so yeah
I like this style of video.
I think THEO
It's been a while
Dude I haven't watched Danplan since the group broke up this is crazy  Edit:  for everyone wondering what happened go watch both actually stephens first video and Dan plans vid
Is Stephen back?
Chal dosti
Dan
According to Game Theory no.
I really thought that Jay and Stephen would be in the video and get voted out right away cause they were being sus 😂😂😂
ITS THEO. my reasoning. There is a vent in security that connects to medbay. Nelly being in cafe could not do anything since he didn’t head back. He was staying at wires. plus no vents in cafeteria are connected to medbay. Theo on the other hand could vent into medbay kill Daniel and vent back into security. KILL HIM NELLY.
Your channel will never be the same without Stephen
Also let's just notice that there were 3 imposters, like who the hell even plays with 3 imposters
I GOT IT RIGHT 🤣
I think it is their because I can just vent from security to medbay. And also Theo was on cams so he can see Dan go into medbay.
Here is what I think the formula of these videos are  Nelly = the try-hard that's kinda violent try-hard Theo = the gut feeling guy, that should follow their gut feeling but end up going with the flow anyway Dan = The host that's dealing with them somehow
I thought this channel died
I LOVE THIS VIDEO ITS AMAZING
If you said the astronauts have colour then why are they all white
Dan Wtf. You said Stephen is just a employee  I loved the way he brought a new and different personality to the videos  Saying he’s just an employee is like saying he was just a tool for you to make money off of That’s just heartless
Where did all of my favorite people go? 🥲
Anyone get nostaljia by dp animation i miss steven and hosuh
Danplan can u pls give me the discord link from ur server? Your link from an other vid is expired
Also when nelly wears the suit- i thought of Jay for a sec- sowwy nelly senpai >^<  But also wuv you all >v<
Yes, another can you survive thats finally animated!!!!!
If i wasn't wrong-- in electrical there's a vent- and it turns to the security (idk if it also can goes to medbay(?) If it can then i assume it's Nelly.  But if it's not then I will goes to SUS THEO.  Because in security- there's a vent that i 100% remember that it goes either electrical and Medbay..  Hm.. well i kind of think that Theo is so sus tho- because if someone in Security- is watching- probably theo is the only person who can see Dan walking to the medbay (?) I wish not to vote for theo- but yeah-   Theo you're out. -press the button-
Yummy
AND THUS THE ANIMATION OF DANPLAN IS REVIVED FOR NOW.
Nelly is Stephen 2.0
BRING BACK STEVEN AND HOSA
Am I the only one that think Nelly sorta acts like Stephen?
OH SHOOT IM PROCASTINATING BRB
Hey man! I haven't been here since the *drama* just glad your alright!
O look they finally realized they were losing views I don’t car I’m gone and never coming back
This was awesome!!! I love it!!!💜💜💜
Theo: 9:54 Me: Are you sure about that?
Nele
Love the video! Come check me out mates!
Daniel : *asking us viewers to solve the mystery of whose the imposter*   Me : *it’s big brain time. . . !*   So like this :   Daniel died, so he couldn’t be the imposter. Nelly was in cafeteria doing wires a *bit* longer then he should be. And the cafeteria was RIGHT beside medbay so it COULD be him. Theo was in cams, he could’ve killed Daniel with the vent but the light on the camera didn’t go out at all. So it’s probably Nelly since there’s a vent in the cafeteria and he could vent to medbay then leaving through the same way he came in, the vent. So it’s safe to say that the imposter is Nelly!   Did I get that right?   Time spend writing this comment : *straight 24 minutes*
remind  me to never play with anyone called nelly, i play as pink so id just constantly be murdered
Nelly has the jay/stephen vibe during the whole video of just kill
Proud of you Dan for returning to animation and for pulling through the rough patch ... it was heartbreaking to see what happened but u are a good person and ur content is fun and amazing and gets us through tough times 💪🏼💪🏼
I was waiting for something like this 👏
Mesig from Stephen buren 🔥
I do not know any of the other people from Daniel because  stephen left 😔 also where's housa?
I hate you Dan but I love stevan
is nelly the new stephen?
And he gets imposter so much
Corpes husband is a GODLY IMPOSTER
3:06 i am fast enough to do all oxigen alone
DanPlan is DND without DND
Theo kinda looks like Kirishima from MHA
Theo it's theo  Btw i have blood thirst now
its Theo i probably spelled his name wrong but its Theo
Nelly is Stephen 2.0
Bro where is Steven
YES
Hey it's animated again
Where is hosuh
Yo are Dan and Hosuh still friends
Nobody plays it anymore. The game is finished. Hype over. To the next one
He really replaced Steven and hosa
It theo because there is a vent to medbay and to cams so theo can vent to med and close the doors and kill dan then go back into cam
what happened to steven and the other epic guy
KILL THEO bc he could just vent to med bay then go back to cams.
You should do:     'Can you survive life?'
damn i miss steven
aww dangit x3 i wanted to sus den at the end x"D but turns out he is dead
That moment when your real life name is also Nelly and it throws you off since you never experienced someone else having that name
Nelly's is the new stephen
Vj
an animation video ( ╹▽╹ )
Dan sus
if i was on 6:18 i would say ok it was me but my partner is pink and then pum clap yes mam
Dan is Dan, Nelly is New Stephen, and Theo is temporary Hosa
Hosuh
8:07 I think pink man ( nervous )
That, was, SUPER COOL !!! 👍 😁 yes I really enjoyed the video. Continue please !
Yo Im late, but when I came back I notice the new members and I wanted to know what happened to cutie pie hosah ?
I got the answer first try and got the impostor
Can you do "can you survive the titanic"
I haven't watched this channel in a while were is steven and hosua edit i learned 😦
Among Us is actually Mafia and in the past it was called space Mafia
all sus
this is so weird- without stephen or hosuh 🙂
Hi guys now you can get a notebook with among us characters from amazon or send it as a gift to someone who loves this game https://amzn.to/37is8qK I got mine and it's really cool!!
(My explanation for the thing) Since Nelly was taking a while to do wiring, you sussed him, you saw Dan going to medbay from cafeteria. Since you found Dan and Nelly in cafeteria and the camera is still on, Theo is in cameras. You find Dan's body in the medbay. My guess is that it is Theo. There is a camera in the medbay hallway, so Theo probably saw Dan go into medbay, he either walked or vented in, and killed him. He then would have went back to cameras to not be suspicious. *you might have a different explanation, but this one is the one i came up with.*
It’s nelly he was the closest
No steven no hosuh still funny af
It’s gross hearing Dan’s happy ass voice as he tries to rebuild his channel on a foundation of mistrust. Fuuuuuuck this. Hope you value these people enough to actually pay them, you twat.
0:18 “it’s like half of a teletubby”  😂
Hi sus dan
Can you survive missing the old people
Your Content Are Awesome i Mean I like It
Stephan and hosa
I am good at the among us
Nelly
I s t h e I m p o s t e r n e l l y? :’
This just doesn’t feel the same now
Nelly sus
Damn Dan’s just preparing then like soldiers or something 😂
Dan forgetting that you can finsh task to win.
Man i used to watch this channel ALL the time like All the time,but when the violent guy left or the one that has purple hair left, I'm sad. Then I unsubscribe man this brings back the memories
Daniel Myself Oh nvm Not Dani
Do you do both or as you observe thought intercedes, therefore, thought is observing. Can you observe without the interference of thought? Observation is then is pure and from that purity there is action but the moment thought comes in it begins with knowledge.
"80085" -​Among Us Pro
Close enough to old dan plan
ok dan dies i think dan
I'm saying it here. Theo and Nelly's animated designs are so NICE! And it fits them so well 💜
yoooooo i got the ending Q right
https://youtu.be/Q9R-yXXXwC8 Wisdom Acts 2:38 (KJV)  Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Acts 5:32 (KJV)  And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God hath given to them that obey him. Hebrews 5:9 (KJV)  And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him; Proverbs 28:13 (KJV)  He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy, Hebrews 12:14 (KJV)  Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord'
4:56 Did I just heard Toast's "Ohhh!"
nelly is the next stephen
Nelly
Theo looks like Tendou....
I miss this 😭😭😭🥳🥳
Y'all always turn my scrappy day into my favorite how-
It’s Theo there’s a vent from security to medbay
the important thing is danplan animates again
actually I miss stephen and hosuh
Jesus died for you was buried and rose again on the third day according to the scriptures.  If you confess with your mouth Jesus is lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead you will be saved. Please repent of your sins and accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior
Murder pog
what i want is animation
do vlog on other channel pls
yessss animation
(this is the end of the video if you dont get it) Theo is the imposter because theres a vent that can go to MedBay so Theo vented there to kill Daniel.
Its Daniel
Got it right 😎👌✨
Bring steven back you cnt
Omg animated danplan <3
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh finally füll animated
friends can't miss this: https: //youtu.be/dcKap9773WM
Thank you Danplan this was an amazing Idea I loved it if you can please make more alternate endings keep up the good work and thank you.
Dan, Dan Dan is the imposter, he's the story maker he must be guilty damn it  Nvm could they both be sus?
last part :guy on cams
Sounds like nobody is able to survive the "dan-plan"
A 10 MIN VIDEOOOO
Iam philipino
Can you do “Can You Survive UNDERTALE” Or have you done that already  Edit: I know this is scummy but thanks fo r the likes guys this is the most like I’ve ever gotten so thanks:)
The thing is, I still like watching DanPlan, but I miss Stephen and Hosuh. Not gonna lie. That's why I'm subbed to Stephen and still go back to watch old vids.
green sus its daniel
By the way, you're the best youtuber
Theo vented from security to medbay, killed Daniel, and vented away. I think Nelly is just bad at tasks
Yes animation
The blue and green scenario was toast’s video recognise It
Not seen an animated video in a bit
I miss these videos so much!
Neli is the best
its theo
Among us fans like up 👍   Sending Virtual hugs to anyone who needs it! stay safe everyone and stay positive💡:)
I miss steven like if you do
toast wouldnt play like that becuase that would be too boring for him
OHHH THIS IS SO COOL! Great idea DanPlan!
I miss Stephen :/
Sick alternate ending
Seeing it animated again is so nostalgic
Nelly is like stephen  And  Theo is jay 😂😂
I feel weird coming back to this channel it feels wrong
Wait, where’s Stephen and housa?!?! I haven’t been here in a while, please fill me in
when some body ment green but says splein
ALL OF YOU: Stop saying in the comments how much you miss Stephen and hosuh. Stephen has his own channel watch it. I miss them a lot to but this is the channel now. They moved on,Daniel is HAPPY stephen is HAPPY and if they moved on so shall we. We have to give the new people a chance we can't just throw them out because "there not Stephen or hosuh."   I do understand. I really miss danplan I still get sad about it. If you really need to pour at your feelings do it on daniels video addressing the stuff or on old danplan video or on a danplan drama video.   Not on the new ones.  We all need to give everyone a chance  Edit: I know about missing them. I do get it. I do to. But we have been commenting these things since January and it's time we move on,and just remember danplan for what it was. There happy and that's the best thing. But let's not just discuss how much you miss them on every video. I don't know about hosuh,but stephen is not coming back and we have to accept that. But Stephen is much more happy and that's truly the best thing.  Also I am not saying we can't say we miss them. We can,but not this much. These videos don't seem the place to do it. The old videos are still up.   Plus,we can still discuss what happened to danplan on videos discussing it and those types of videos. Not here
Old animation style
I never thought I was gonna enjoy this video
Nelly: wait pink is sus? Pink: alway has been*cock pistol point behind Nelly*
I missed Stephen
Gaming channel?
NO IM LATE WWHHYYY    video idea: can you survive your phobia
Super English is like Im eoting home in my ham
It was Theo. He can easily vent from Medbay to the Cams.
is this a family friendly channel
Teo looks like Kirishima
Well atleast its animated
The green hair guy is sus.
Glad to see we have a new Stephen
Now let’s speak on this bro because there is just no fucking way this channel has came from Millions of views down to a measly thousands of views
Yoooo new upload siiiiick
Wow You watch toast videos to?
yay, i love when they do animations.
Nelly is the impostor, even if he isn't , he would probably kill everyone with the eject button, doesn't matter whether or not he is impostor
It Theo cause Nelly not super Big brain so he would normally have a hard time solving wires (jk pls dont take this to heart)
You know when Stephen left he lost 9,000 subscribers
I rlly dont care what any body says because I miss Steven he was like the most important person on the channel
What happend to Hosuh I miss his cute gentle voice  Edit: found out he's Korean so he went to train in the military
I HATE DANPLAN
Can y'all stop comparing them to Stephen and Jay pls thank you 🗿
“Only one person who likes this will one day be a billionaire” “Good Luck” 🍀
As someone who's been playing since May, it's both incredibly frustrating and incredibly wholesome to see new players struggle with these scenarios lol
Guys I’m big brain Theo vented from security to medbay then vented back to security to think there not sus
YESSSSSS ANIMATION IS BACK
Damn i was gonna vote dan but he died so i voted weird hair dude look i dont remember the names srry
Old school Dan plan fans remember the originals
The nostalgia-
I CANNOT LAUGH MY MOM IS ASLEEP also I didn't know there were new people I thought these videos stopped after they left
where's hosuh
Oh heck yeah we've got animation again!
*Toast? As in.. Disguised Toast?*
Three deputies of the National Council of the Slovak Republic met with Dr. Wang Zhiyuan, President of the World Organization to Investigate the Persecution of Falun Gong (WOIPFG), on Friday, September 20, 2019. The National Council members in attendance were Mrs. Anna Veresova, Mr. Peter Osusky, and Mr. Ondrej Dostal.    Dr. Wang introduced himself, noting that he had been a physician in China for 25 years and that he considered the opportunity to practice his profession, which can save lives, a great honor. But in 2006, he learned that, in China, organs for transplants were being harvested from living prisoners and that the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) was forcing doctors to kill people. It shocked him.  After verifying this information, investigators from the WOIPFG began investigating across China. They discovered that the largest hospitals and organ transplant institutions in almost every province had participated in this type of organ harvesting. In telephone interviews, 20 hospitals verified that they used Falun Gong practitioners’ organs for transplants.      Dr. Wang said that when calling these hospitals, the investigators presented themselves as relatives of a person in need of a transplant. In most developed countries, the average waiting time for such organs is two to three years, but in China it is two to three weeks, with some hospitals freely admitting that they use organs from Falun Gong practitioners.  Dr. Wang’s team found that organ harvesting was systematically managed and organized by the communist regime. He described it as a crime against humanity and a crime of genocide that continues to this day.  In the latest investigation, which was carried out between October 19 and December 2, 2018, 17 presidents and directors in 12 transplant hospitals in 11 provinces said that they could guarantee the arrangement of an organ for transplant within one to two weeks. Ten of those interviewed admitted that they were still using organs from Falun Gong practitioners.  Dr. Wang gave the National Council deputies some suggestions on how to help stop this crime. Mr. Peter Osusky, MP, brought up the possibility of passing a law forbidding citizens from accepting a transplant organ of unknown origin. Also discussed was the Magnitsky Act, adopted in the U.S., which allows for the denial of visas to people who have committed human rights abuses.
YOU are loved and in need of a savior , we are living in the last days . Please don’t turn away from God he is calling YOU. Deep down you know there is a higher power , a higher creator . John 3:16 , for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life . Repent of your sins , accept Christ as your savior . Believe with your heart and confess with your mouth that you have sinned , we have all sinned and fall short of the glory of God.  Believe that God sent his only son ( Jesus Christ ) to die on the cross for your sins, the price of our sins was paid in full  ! Accept his gift and you will have an eternity with him.
I am better than 81% of the youtubers who play among us. ._. I always win as imposter, but I'm first to get murdered while crew mate. Lol
Can you survive a boss that is a bastard
I’m happy he back
Play the actual game
Nelly just kills everybody
Idk if this comment will get some heavy opinion But who else still watches the old season of by the way along with the new one to just have happiness of these new memories aswell as the old ones
you forgot by the way in the tittle.
ugh nelly is just like steven :(
A new Stephen?
i still like your vids even if stephen isint here
I have a idea can you survive changed
Bible prophecies are happening like never before, we're in the end times. Are you saved by believing in the Blood Atonement of Jesus Christ? John 3:16 For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, that everyone who believes in Him shall not perish but have everlasting life. Christ said, "Come to Me as you are." It's not about not sinning (we should as we're thankful and build heavenly treasures), it's about having faith from the heart that Jesus lived the perfect life we couldn't and died for ALL our sins and raised up proving who He is and that is God in human form and you're given the free Gift of eternal life. On the cross Jesus said, "It is FINISHED!" The Blood of Christ IS enough! God wants to give you salvation from damnation, all you have to do is believe in your heart and have faith in what Christ has done for us.  Gospel of Salvation by Faith Alone https://youtu.be/H124iZiyGUs  Saved by Grace thru Faith 1 minute vid https://youtu.be/1wMldFej-nQ  End Time's Checklist https://youtu.be/A159GcAffpI  Satan's Technology (Mark of the Beast) https://youtu.be/4IyPCGKFa0k  Escape from this Evil and God's Wrath https://youtu.be/URzo9_eOa00
he just wanted money but dan and his greedy ass said no your just an employee is just making me mad
The Imposter never vote out the Imposter unless somebody suspects his teammate
and to say your just an employee  to stephen is bullshit
Guess I am heading over to Nelly’s video. See ya later guys!
without Stephen danplan would have been still in 0 subs
who says that to someone that gave off humor and joy to people
thats really fucking low
Dan said your just an employee to Stephen and thats wrong
What happend to housa and steven
fuck that
what about task wins?)
these guys are impostors. where is steven and hosa? (spelled it wrong)
Nelly is the New steven
ah yes, the old style videos! I missed this very much, you should've separated your vlogs from your animation stuff...
Not gonna interrupt here but the new member kinda replace the old member .... you know his friends...
I will hug him just like Kevin did 🥺
Nelly is mini Stephen
That ending game was such an interesting approach to this whole concept. I think might be more fun if nelly and theo "stayed in character" during the whole video and we have to sus out who is the imposter not through the last section but through the whole video. (you can wreck up the watch time too ;) )
its not the same as old danplan
Still doesn't give the same vibe Stephen and Hosuh gave
Also to answer the end question. It's me. I'm kinda sus.
I can only survive is when I'm not playing with... 1. Incompetent 2. Impatient 3. Arrogant  4. Narcissistic 5. Toxic People.
*_WHO ELSE CLICKED AS FAST AS. I DID_* 👇              *New Storytime Animator*
This video show how to become Disguised Toast. Chance to kill or to eject.
I miss Steven :/ he was my favorite and dp hasn’t appeared on my YouTube since he left
For me this is the tutorial for among us
They’re over here talking abt Toast while im over here simping for Corpse :3
Can you survive among us? Everybody who watched Matpats theory: No.
Therapist: DanPlan Monster isn't real, it can't hurt you  DanPlan Monster: 8:06 Idk what to call it T_T
Check this out https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Oah--MkX7EQ
I still haven’t played this game.
DUDE THIS IS DOPE HELLO??? UGH I LOVE THIS 💗💞💕❣️💓❤️💖💝
Its Nelly. He was in cafeteria to fake a task and then when ‘I’ left, he went over to med bay and murdered Daniel. It can’t be theo as he was at the security and there are no cams at med bay
116000 views in 12 hours dam
can i like vote myself like i don’t want to deal with this bs and just let them kill each other off 💀✌️
Still not the same without Stephen and Hosuh
https://youtu.be/rSKOPBNxh1U
I don’t like the fake Steven
you finally made these type of videos again. Thank you.
Can you do a can you survive the maze runner 😁
ToAsT
In real life all you need to do is make everyone go into 2 groups then complete tasks. If an emergency happens one group fixes one part and the other group fixes the other.
YEEEEESSSS IVE BEEN WATING FOR THISSSSSS    Also WTF WHY WHEN PEOPLE SUS THEY BLACK THATS RACIST
Everyone please stop saying sus.
FINALLY A ANIMATED VIDEO I missed this
Wait how long did I swipe my card cause that could effect the question or riddle XD *confused*
I don’t know if you guys will do another challenge video but if you will then I challenge Stephen and Hosuh to read a fanfic.
I know they would do a video about this!!                                      EVERYONE'S DO
i miss hosuh and stephen
You see I would be a crewmate and when I find the imposter I would find a knife and kill him
:( there is no by the way
Bring back Stephen and holser
I much prefer these styles of videos. I know they take longer to make but their so much entertaining to watch instead of seeing you guys sit on the floor and go through these scenarios. They give meat to the bone of content y'know? Anyways, loved it!
Wish Stephen was.still here
Dan I got it the one watching the camera there a vented on security and on medbay the one on the security it's the imposter he gonna use the vented to go on medbay and get the kill if the killer not using the vented the one on security could see who go on medbay that my answer dan..
Sad Steven left
no one  literallyno one  me : if stephen was here he would be like "yeah lets kill people"
Can you do phasmophobia
Nelly
I miss housu
Green: “I saw red vent”  Red: “I was getting to my tasks faster”
now now hold on cleaning the vents
Your new format where we can choose the endings is an EXCELENT IDEA. Wowwie. Keep up your work.
Hi hosuh edit: I have not watched you since months
Omg it’s back still miss Stephen and hosuh but it’s nice
It was Nelly If it was Theo then Nelly would have seen him walking into medbay
Green sus
Toast isn't good it's so obvious he's stream sniping
Theo is the imp because there is a vent in the cam room so he could of vented to cafeteria or vented to medbay or admin then vented back after killing, but that is a hard riddle do I think more logically and go in a rabbit hole or do I think what seems sus and trust my gut so it’s a good question.
I will forever miss and love the old Dan plan...  But I’m glad everyone is moving on and is doing okay.
I'm so happy that the animated fan plan is back!!
How come u people have no one to sponsor u. I can sponsor for u but I need some likes in this comment man.😂💛💚😆
That lasts ! https://youtu.be/pJg11nj0VlQ
Wait you got on reccomended
Singing Lessons
Nelly is almost as bloodthirsty as Stephen
i miss hosuh and steven
I like how in the end you can choose i want more when i can choose..yaya
Blue killed Green for content 😂
So if green is The Imposter that means there only one imposter but An Imposter means there is 2 or 3 imposters
My earliest yet
Honestly there would be one deciding factor if I choose theo or Nelly and that's iff the camera's are on
yes... YES... YYYEEESSS
I just chose a random one but I was thinking could you tell me the question what is the security camera on and I was waiting for that to happen because I was thinking it was because I was going to get the correct one and I was I was really close but I was waiting for on it and I realized I clicked on the wrong video for it so he got voted out
its a bit weird not seeing 'By The Way', but we'll move on
Dan
Whos the sus 😂
The best http://www.youtube.com/shorts/zxik8w6VJ8I
Man remember when Steven and everyone else where playing mafia....(｡ŏ﹏ŏ)
AHHHH I MISS THE RAINBOW BLOOD
Nelly is like a Kid Stephen with hints of Hosuh and Theo is like a Chill Hosuh with hints of Stephen
Ayy the gay blood is back :)
Theo is sus because... He might be checking security to find a good prey, and the security vent is linked to the medbay vent, so its possible that it was a vent kill  Nelly is sus because... He took to long do wires (it is possible that its a bluff from dan) he might've rushed to medbay, killed dan, and then ran out somewhere else (Possible) PLOT TWIST IT WAS YOU THE WHOLE TIME
We are missing Stephen and Hosa
I’m glad that u did animation again
If only people were more like this in among us...
The one who wants to kill everyone is steven's Cousins
*EMERGENCY MEETING! ITS THEO!*
I am first Indian who is commenting
https://youtu.be/sWIKkHk38Ck
I dont know why everyone just notices he sounds like Dream. I said that literally a year ago xD
Is it just me for does Theo look like Tendo/Tendou from Haikyuu??? Haikyuu fans pls clear me (  .-.  )
Anyone else miss the old gang
Finally a new animated by the way
Thea
I love the ending 😆😹😹 I'd pick Nelly 😂
thank you for bringing back animations
Theo
Cool
It's weird not seeing steven and housha
Video idea : can you survive power rangers (please do I would love to see Theo and nelly in cool power ranger suits)  aka it doesn’t have to be an animation
Put your absolute trust in the LORD. He will never stir or lead you in the wrong direction. Understand and know that he knows what’s best for you so don’t do your own thing/way. He won’t fail you nor will he forsake you. So just trust and believe in him with all your heart, soul, and might and watch him transform your life. ❤️ Proverbs 3:5-6 “Trust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. [6] In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct your path”❤️🙏🏾
I think the impostor is Theo because, if he was in Security and security has 4 cameras which are the outside of Sec, Hallway to medbay and upper engine, hallway between 02 and nav and the hallway to admin and storage, and Dan's body was in medbay and theres a vent there that can go to Elec and Sec then he could have vented in and then back to his position like nothing happend, and If he isn't the imp and he was actually in Sec then he could have said that he saw nelly go down to elec by using the hallway between 02 and nav, the outside of sec and the hallway to storage and admin.   Lmao just checked the other video out, my answer didn't really stay that far from the truth
how can you replace them like this? just quit please this wont be the same without hosuh and stephen
*THEO VenTED TO MEDBaY*
I loveee the animation style! 💕
I just realized. Nellie has replaced Steven as the crazy friend.
Dan looks more like Lime rather than Green
If it was ship there would be vent in button room and skip is main one so I’m guessing it’s ship    3:55
I feel like Nelly is the new Stephen in DanPlan lmbo.
I miss Stephen and Hosuh...
i think theo is the inporster i think theo vented to medbay
Dude only max iq is 200 not 2k iq
Finally danplan 2.0 is here!
woah this is trending nice
It's like I now realized how detailed and cute "werewolf" drawing is, animator must be a furry 🐾 X3
Pls add turkish subtittle
good job getting on trending!
YoU all SuS
What happend to Steven and Hosa
Steven would have probably like stabbing everyone as imposter
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Amen. Repent and turn from sin! Follow God's sacred 10 Commandments! Time is running out!
Stephen and jay never got thumbs ups from Dan when they murdered, nelly did. I like nelly more now, his murder is appropriate and approved by Dan
YESSS *I’m really late but* yes I have been waiting for this 😅
Green hair is sus
Nelly because you clearly saw the cams still on yes security has vent to med but u where sus of nelly when he did his task and he was quite close by
Made me so happy
STEPHEN  I MISS YOU
I'm good but if the players are bad
me: ~scrolls through recommended page~  also me: ~sees vid~  my brain: i need to watch
I just started watching Where's Steven and Houses??
make more can u survive with fans
they remind me of the ole days :C nelly is stephen and the other is hosuh cuz hes nice and actually logical XD   i really miss the old dan plan
i would probraly say its nelie cuz theres a big chance if was a vent kill
I miss the og 3 (or 4)
I knew I liked nelly, and the amount of times that he had a knife cements that
cartoon cat
Your toxic Dan
DAN!!! I LOVE THIS VIDEO SOOOO MUCH!!!! AND THE ALTERNATE ENDING, IS SOOOOOO COOOOOOL!!! LUV U DANPLAN TEAM!
im so happy that the animation typ of story is back yay
I really really really miss your animated videos!
nali
dan
Oh the ending is pretty creative to be able to tell who’s sus and not✨✨
Theo reminds me of dabi when he was younger
I love dan narration
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK BRING STEPHEN BACK BRING STEPHEN BACK BRING STEPHEN BACK BRING STEPHEN BACK BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
BRING STEPHEN BACK
Actually, i really love your videos. Guess what i downloaded all your videos every single one of it hahaha. Some videos are too long but i dont care. Its good hahahaha. We dont have wifi connection so im downloading videos, plss upload more vlogs or what ever videos.
There is still more stupid plays, like one time I was imposter i vented once where there was no cameras (at least on- it was awhile ago and I was new but knew the basics due to YouTube) and a few rounds later someone says I vented- i hadn't and they voted me out - but if they had been wrong they would of been voted out (hopefully) or called sus. I still remember that play due to it being one of my first games
Lol, I just played Among Us and I was the imposter. I made the mistake of killing someone as another crewmate was turning the corner so I got ejected only after killing one crewmate. (Sigh) Such is my life.
Tendou??????
Try this one plss, can you survive, the grudge( its a movie )
"can u survive among us?"  Me : i just want to be the 🔪 third impostors 🤣🤣
where`s stephan he was my favorite character
love your vid's
Danplan is falling apart who agree
Nelly is a new stephen but is not really good
Long time no see one of my favorite animator's I miss u guys
Theo
It will never be the same without hosa an Stephen
its been a while since i watch dan
This channel is not the same without steven
Its Me
Dan
DAN IS COOL
10:39 theo, because theres a vent in security and medbay so then can vent from security to medbay and kill them then go back to security and look at cams.
I'm still waiting for Hosuh Anyone also waiting for Hosuh?
8 hours sad ;(
Where's Steve and hosauh
Oh this one's animated, honestly I'm here for it
atleast you figured out what made your old vids so popular. kinda. the views disagree with this comment.
its not the same without stephan
can you do  "can you survive Annebelle?"
Where the flip is my mans Hulsa (sorry for the misspelling and steven
did toast make the play of voting off the other imposter?
dan: there is one imposter- me: dan is the imposter. who am i kidding? dan is always the imposter
not the same as it used to be i miss it
You used the Herb Cookie sound effect. H O O H O O
I don’t like the discount Steven
The rainbow blood. YES.
ok but the thing is did you see the camera lights still on when u finished card swipe when u were heading back? if yes then its most likely Nelly if not then its Theo
Blue: No I Was The One That SUSSED GREEN!   Theo and Nell: Nope, SUS get him out  i love that part
Daniel sus...  *Daniel was The Imposter*
I miss hole sus
This is giving me Original DanPlan vibes
Is nelly stephens child
What happened to Steven and Hoisa?
This video made me miss Stephen and Housa even more. Theo sounds like Stephen, but Nelly has Stephen's personality and I miss the two so badly but I'm glad that Dan moved on
I like how the blood is always rainbow coloured, even in the previous vids.
You should do something mbti related
Detective mode on!
Where is stephen and hoseh
I LOVE HOW EVERYONE IS WHITE AND SOMEONE WAS A PIECE OF BREAD AND LOOK AT MY PROFILE PICTURE LOL
should be “by the way can you survives among us”?
Plot twist Dan is dream
Yass
Theo was in cams it has to be nelly
ehheheheh
it is pink!!!!!!
I mean I could if I’m imposter
where's hosuh and stephen?
Theo cus security and medbay's vents are linked together
YASSS! I love the animated episodes!! :33 I really hope that they’ll do more of them :3
anyone got 4 impostors in a row? *I   D I D*  edit: THEOOOOOOOOOOOO, the vent in medbay is connected to sec
Me
What happened to Steven and horser
!?!?!?!(Is tHiS rEaL lIfE nO sO wHy aSk CaN YoU SuRViVe AmOuNg Us!?!?!?!!
I think it's dan
I know that its Theo beacuse he watched cams so if it was nelly theo would have seen it and sec has vent to med so theres a chans that he vented
I miss this
I get the imposter
So here is why its Theo. First Theo used the cameras since we saw the other two around the map. There is a vent from medbay to security and lastly some tasks take longer than others
I miss stephen and housha
Ye
Ah yes. Among us. The most kid friendliest game in the world.
I wish Stephen and Hosah(?) came back. (?) = I’m not sure if that’s how his name is spelled.
Easy theo always was on cams but he saw danial go into med bay so he vented to med bay and vented strait back to security to watch cams sorry if I spelled stuff worng
I been waiting for this for years
Nelly thinks likes me, I like him🙃
I really missed this
i did nelly at the end
NEW DAN PLAN VIDEO YESSS
nelly sus man
Can you do another one but with hosuh? And I love your videos
Leo is sus 🤔 He was on cams, and then he saw Daniel enter med He vented from cams to med, killed him, and vented again I already did that lol I mean Its pretty obvious xD
Theo
I mean if Daniel died in Medbay while you were doing Admin and Nelly was doing wires, and Theo was on Cameras, the only possible explanation is that it was Theo. The vent in Security (where cams are) connects to Medbay, and since it wasn't shown that the cameras ever turned on, it's safe to assume that we thought it was on the entire time. Theo could have vented from Security to Medbay, killed Daniel, then vent back into Security, especially if no one was seen exiting Medbay when Daniel died.
I miss hosua and Stephen
He is dream
oh finaly animation not real life i will always remember the good old times with them...
Just because your new doesn't mean it isn't you because you can't choose weather or not you are imposer or not, the game chooses for you. XD (by the way I chose Theo Even though I have a felling I'm wrong)
Dan
The third impostor vibes of this video be cappin
I was wondering if you would make a video on among us
Nelly in this video is basically Stephen but slightly less psychotic
Me:*le pick Theo* Me after picking Theo:*le go to nelly’s vid*
Nelly reminds me of Stephen :(
In among us my sister and I were playing and a pink one named Lilo killed her and I got disconnected so I shouted *WHAT ABOUT OHANA!!!*
Corpes is all so good
Corpes is all so good
Surprised they convinced someone to animate for him 🙄✋
Im new in the channel and i dont see hosu???
I can see stephen saying DAAAANNNNN so Dan
ha        no i cant
I missed watching Danplan with full animatic
Corpse tho, he's insanely good at among us oof
I love the alternative endings at the end and Nelly is just out there for blood-
I don't think I'll survive among y'all
AYE does anyone notice this- nelly is like steven and jay- im not wrong tho cuz like if you know how  steven and  jay are you would understand
i miss steven danplan you should have been nicer
Literally forgot who was in Medway and who was doing wires so now I got to go back 😅
Oh god never play with CallMeKevin. Following people around is just what he does.
E
I just realized that Nelly was acting a lot like Stephen normally did
Sometimes the innocent person in among us are the real imposters, they pretend not to kill because they know theres another person who will do the job for them when there are 2 or 3 imposters, well base on my experience. 👌
Hey where are Stephen and Hosuh. why aren't they here.
These guys are good but I miss Steven and hosa
Its theo I think
Maybe it’s better I just don’t say anything
Dan sounds alot like dream, i want him to scream ‘’COME HERE GEORGE!!!’’
I just realized that nellie is a replacement for Stephen but no one and i mean no one can replace him
DO MOSTLY ANIMATICS NOW SO U CAN GET 2 MILLION SUBS AGAIN
whats funny is that there are competitive among us lol
I loved how there was three parts like if you chose that the poster was him or him that was really good thinking 😋
i miss stephen
Theo is sus bc if he was on cams he would’ve saw the body
I would say nelly, but the cam vent and med vent connect... So now I'm lost ;6;
I'm like 80% sure that the blue was Nogla
man i miss Steven and housa (idk how to spell his name)
Am i the only one who thinks Dan sound  alot like Dream?!
I'm happy, that you guys make again animations and i hope you will make in future animations too, i really like this kind of videos.
My theory at the end was that Theo was on cams, and saw Dan go into Medbay. Theo then closed the Medbay door, vented in, did the choppy choppy, vented back to Security, and by that time Player found Dan’s body in Medbay.
It's theo he vented in med bay
this is like the movie the thing
YAY, ANIMATED
I like this concept of can you survive
And what about if you finish the tasks 0:50?
you know i don't know whos nelly is so i missed up the first time but now i know thats hes the impostor so die
hey dan can you do| can you survive tabs totaly acuret battle simulater
My POV : it’s green ITS GREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENN
you didnt say that we could win using tasks
Missing this animation s
happy the animation back. but u should actually play among us.
This will be sooooo better with Stephen I fucking hate this now Stephen was the best and hosuh fuck the channel now sucks
It's always Daniel
toset says with tiping boobs
Dan's the imposter
Its Theo he vented to medbay and kill green man
Imma vote myself out.
There are numerous gaps in the story at the end, it doesn’t tell you if the cams are still on, or if nelly is still in the cafe when you’re going back, besides, you cou could’ve looked at the admin table to see if anyone moved, this is total guesswork, I feel betrayed, how can I GET THIS WRONG, I  A M     A N  I N C R E D I B L E  D E T E C T I V E
How to be imposter 101:               BRING BACK HOSUH AND STEPHEN!!!
Can.you bring back steven a nd hossha and jay
No one remembers Stephen and hossa huh
Is it just me or does the guy with the cap remind me of steven and deeply miss hosuh. But stuff happend so strven isnt coming back. Hosuh idk tho. :3
1:27 WAS THAT. HOO HOO SOUND EFFECT. FROM COOKIE RUN????? HERB COOKIE RUN?????
I miss this style
where is steven
I must say they are really really bad
It's nelly he's the most bloodthirsty out of everybody
Am I the only one who misses Stephen.......or is not good..
It took you 3 months to do this
There a Dream Video Under This And People Say Dan Sounds Like Dream Hmm....  I only get Dream Videos If I Watch Dream Videos Too Hmm....  Weird...
2:18 Corpse
YAAAAS
Theo
Thoiy video
Nellie
YEEES FINALLY ANIMATION IS BACK!!
Still love you guys but I miss hosah and Steven
7:30 from Tendou to Nishinoya
It's me! I am the Imposter!
boooooooooooooo
Dan is a psycho so Dan
In the last scenario I was like ITS THEOOOOOO VENTS THE VENTS ITS THEO-
The is sus cuz he would seen Dan go into medbay so he went killed Dan vented back and like nothing ever happened while the other guy was stuck on wires
Me : *sees new Danplan Animated video* Also Me : * Intense Flashbacks*
wait what happened to the old characters? the silent and the psycho one? its been a while so i dont remember their names lol
Its probably Nelly.. Cuz he was in cafeteria, as soon has Daniel left admin, he went to medbay, passing Nelly. Nelly then entered medbay, killed Daniel and vented. Or Theo saw Daniek enter medbay, so he decided to enter the vent, vented into medbay, kill Daniel and vented back. Thats my analysis.. Now I will have to pick.
Whatever happened to Steven and holsa?
I am still upset to what u did to Steven, Daniel. Why would you do that to him. He added the most character to the show. You should know that you're videos should be becoming less popular.
Theo because he’s the only one who knew Daniel was there because there’s a cam in admin
In a game of werewolf a member of the werewolves outted me.  Werewolves took the win in that one.
Not as good as last time but its good.
I missed these
man i need to ask a lot more questions than that for the choose your own adventure thing
wrong!  The game also ends if crew finishes all their tasks.
Theo is the closet to the body'
Play da real game
he did corps husband intro
I somewhat wish they included Corpse Husband in being a pro at Among Us, since he has a Galaxy Big Brain play along with his enchanting voice👌
nelly
I was really sus of Nelly but I felt like it would be too obvious so I went with Theo and I was right
Daniel, it’s bold of you to assume that I’m not the impostor 🔪
If you miss the old team ,like
Yeaaah Old style New crew   (I loved the old crew too)
Can u make a Discord Again?
Frankly I think its theo, because the vent in security connects to both medbay and electrical.
I say Theo.
I like the interaction they created with two alternative video's. It creates room for 'participation' from the audiance. Very cool!!
It's Theo. he must have vented to Medbay
Like how steven made the channel funny
where's Stephen?
It's Dan just because he's being sus being bead
St Stephen !!!!
Stack kills and they have other tasks yes I am trying to answer the question of the pro player
i said theo and it was correct i am a good detective after all :D.
wait is toast actully good? or is it corpse or yea
So Dan replaced them
After this video-    I’m ok with killing off nelly u-u
It's nelly
I miss this animation
finally. a animated video
i really missed those videos I'm happy you decidet to  continue animation vieos (i'm so sorry for bad english)
finally
They bleed the gay
if someone does know of ESports among us, where do I join?
Its theo,there is a vent from security to medbay i think...
Nelly
https://discord.gg/Pz4c5HkK
Ha ha ha 80085 on oxygen
Finally
I got it right
"thats a pretty psychopathic move" *Me who normally kills off my fellow imposter* oh-
I hate this video I miss Steven ad Hosuh.
I miss old danplan
In Among Us....                                    WE'RE ALL SUS.
I'm just gonna convince Daniel that it's me
It's Daniel he's already killed two Innocence Stephen and horsa
Nelly
What happened to the og’s :(  Like Steven and the really nice guy I miss them
Yos... Bring back the animated vids
Wow that makes two blood thirsty people that were or are on this channel
We have a new Jay fellas
I though it was Dan till he died so Nelly just sounds sus
It’s Theo there is a vent to medbay in security
This was too easy lmao
I’m voting theo
5:55 the ghost of past f*ck ups comes to haunt you 👀
Thought it was pink instead of blue bcuz it’s most likely when someone is sus the imposter would most likely try and sus he person they are siding but I’m wrong
Oh my gosh!! Yes, I love the animations!!
Well I think it's Nelly.........but.......yeah I think it's Nelly. 110℅.
Your videos are good. il give you that. Your attitude needs working on. A certain ex member made a video out of this.    You are a jerk
Theo must have seen Dan go into medbay on cams, and vented to medbay and killed Dan and vent back to cams.Thats what i think
I WANT STEVEN
honestly I'll still watch but without  Steven I'm not really into it.
Animations are back
This new guys dont compare to housu and steven
It’s nellie
Hey everyone!! iiiiiimmmmmmmmpppppooooosssssttttteeeeerrrr!!!!!!
Guys can we not talk about: - i Miss old gang - past drama - the video is nothing without Stephen and hosuh - keep hating dan Like are you ok? Who hurt you to feel like this all normal behavior, as in your head its normal to remind people about people past problem when its already done,   Can you think who dan feel seeing comment like that again and again in every animated video?   Can we just let all this dumbass who bring past again and again?   I don't see any of this comment on Stephen video why?   Do dan always need to be hurt like can we just back to comment normal be a real fan if you like his video, i Like dan and always Will, you don't have permission to choose what people like,  so just stfu every last one of you who still comment the same thing again and again and again, no one care, you come here to watch dan, not the *"OlD CrEwMaTe"* if you want to see Stephen then just go there he also make this kind of bootleg by the way Series, you can't make people to choose what right or wrong, its in their own head, they have their own path to choose who they like or not,  So shut the fuck up with this all shit drama you keep bring again and again just to dan video!!!
ah yes        he posted at 3:57am here
Wow
Who else got it right? 👇🏼or wrong👇🏼
Theo
9:15 WHY IS THIS THE SAME THING SEVEN WHOULD SAY?!WHY WHY ARE YPU MAKING THIS HARDER TO ME?????
This was awesome I've really missed the animation Part of danplan thanks for another awesome video and   storyline 🙂
Wait WHAT
Imagine if he played the actual game, and was randomly in the same game as Steven....
Is THE PRO PLAYER TOAST?
The person with the hat is the new Stephen  Sorry hat guy I don't know your in name
Timmy 2 can
Finally animation
By the way can you survive the new Danplan videos?
Where is hosa and stephen?
Can you survive Rising of the shield hero
Wait was the camera still blinking when we found the body
I MISS STEVEN AND HOUSAH 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
YAY ANIMATOINS ARE BACK
Wow, almost as deadly as The Truman Show.  But not as sadly...
I miss hosu and Stephen
Most SUS video of 2020
So excited
Me over here pro player theo vented to MedBay then vented back o sercurity
Thx dan
8:48 dan are you dumb if there is one imposter and two crew mates the game continues.
YEs
Its Neil he faked his task
danplan characters and animators are finally returning to animation, we are the virus.
Won't lie missed these (can you survive) animations. 👍
Corpse is great at this game
Nelly reminds me of Stephan   I miss stephan
I love this kind of videos, pretty unique or rare style, I love it , please continue the good work , and have fun doing your passion❤️, I hope your are good guys, stay safe and thank you 🌟
i mis steven!!!!!!!
Without stephen its just not the same way
That one kid that knows every tactic to find the inposter: u mortal dare CHALLENGE ME         ⭐️ \/ ⭐️
This is a game so you have no remorse in killing someone. But in real life-“ “I’m killing everyone.” Well then
They remind me of hosa and Steven sorry I can not spell
Bring back Stephen
Sad that Stephen and Hosuh just left.
We found our steven 2.0
Hello I have a suggestion ! I think you should do,"BTW can you survive  the ritual" ,also it's a movie danplan if you ain't seen it it's a  really good vid idea plz like everyone so they see this ! Great Horror  Movie
I was waiting for this video
EPIC CHANNEL
Ah. Finally feeling the need to try and replace Steven’s persona, huh?  A damn shame this channels good content died. I loved you guys.
dan: its either theo, nelly, or daneil me: NOOOO!! dont make me choose T^T my brother: thier still playing among us  me: y-yeah i k-knew that >=,D
Guy on security, there is a vent leading to medbay from security.
Where is hosa
80085
Dan: guy 2 was cleaning the vents Me: hol up-
it Theo he is evil
Damn you dried out
So did they get paid or...?
It's nelly because I've played among us for 100 hours and know if somebody says they are new there's a 66% chance they are imposter but if they act like there scared it's them
U SAID TOAST WAS ONE OF THE BEST LISTEN TO CORPES HE KILLS PEOPLE AND MAKE THEM FORGET THAT HE KILLED HIM
YAY animation is back
It’s Nelly !
Theo because theres a vent in security that leads to medbay
I really missed this format of your videos Dan! 🥺
if hosuh was in this basicly everyone who say hes not sus cuz y wouls we ? XD
Sus
I still miss stephen
Theo
“Let’s just kill everyone-“    Y e s
You should have made the last choice riddle that we pick the person harder. About 90% of people got it right.
I'm down with Nelly's approach. Murder everyone, and whoever wins wins.
At first I thought is was gonna be Danniel
The same thing happened to me at 4:41
Dan i love thisssee
4:56 the max you can get is 200 anything more than that is imposible because there are not enough people to get more than 200
It’s nelly XD
Dan is definitely the imposter, he did a 200 IQ suicide move
Dannel is just the 3rd imposter
It’s been 3 years since you’ve done this stuff
Its gotta be theo, he vented from security into medbay and killed Daniel
I MISS STEAVN , HUOSA
How is the animator ?????????
Nelly. hes the new stephen, **sniff** i-i'm so proud... (no one could ever replace him but you know)
So so glad you’re doing more animations :) they’re always and will forever be fun and enjoyable !
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Theo
I miss the old danplan
Does the happen to anyone? You have a couple tasks left or you finished them all and you go to where your task is and you see the imposter killing a person then leaving. You report the body but everyone votes you off if though there is no proof.
Play mafia again plz dan
I know what happened with Stephen but where is Hosuh?
it has to be theo, there are 3 infamous connecting vents that connect medbay, security, and electrical, theo was on the cams to see who to kill and saw daniel go into medbay, he then vented to medbay, killed daniel, and vented back into security and on cams, a perfect crime
I died within five minutes 😅
Theo bc he would’ve saw nelly kill dan if he was actually on cams and I’m omw to theos vid rn
The animation is really good it has been a long time since I watched Dan Plan. Not saying the old art was bad but now it just looks way better I dunno it might be the same. I'm dumb   7:59 That we are all the same person thing was horrifying
It's Theo 100%
Crewmates can also win by doing tasks
it about time
Imagine what Stephan could have done with this lmao
among us be giving everyone trust issues
Here's a good play: If ever you are getting voted out in a public game and your impostor. Blame a random dude that a lot of people called out to be sus and say he's the other impostor. They will think you're an asshole which is understandable but what they didnt know you were just bringing someone down with you. This can also work in a private one with discord and such if the scenario happens again don't blame a random dude. Example the other impostor is a boy and you about to be voted out. Before you get voted out say:  Something about the impostor sucking and say that its a she but you need to make it hidden. And play it off like its a mistake.
👁️👄👁️ I really thought Danplan was dead 💀💀💀
why do I think it is Theo I have reasons but I do think it is him👀
Danplan's [REDACTED] has i guess officially ended
I thought this was an old video :"(
Hmm I think is theo think about said at cam it mean got whole site of it that 4 area and medbay is one them look nelley said at wire idk how munch wire there are let it first one and take a long time wire different spot was away maybay even there are wire in there Theo just report the body even at off cam you should check it because think in long term is theo cam look at connect beside call Nelly out instead stay quiet so 💯 theo if not then I too munch for game
Will you make: Can you survive Mann vs Machine? (A gamemode of Team fortress 2.)
Theo lol
'How can you be more blood thirsty than the imposters?' Clearly you haven't watched enough streams :D
btw if u guys wanna ask where steven os he left hes not gonna come back so dont ask
Before the explanation: Nellie is that person that wishes they’re  imposter so they act like one.  Theo is literally like hosing so I can’t-  Dan is the evil game master so I’ll vote him.  After the explanation: It’s me!
I’ve missed these
I haven't watched a danplan vid in a while. I actually like this video.
Red looked kinda sus
This animation feels empty without Stephen.
I want to say helloooooooooooooo
I think that the impostor could be nelly because of his genocide instinct but.. nah its daniel
it'll never be the same ngl. nobody can replace stephen or hosuh :(
Nelly, bcuz the cams were out and they could've sneaked past
4:16 they are one entity. They share braincell (I fixed the time)
Dan idk if you'll see this but a video idea could be:  can you survive the promised neverland?
nelly=stephen or steven im not sure how to spell it
Hey I'm kinda early
I feel like nelly is kinda like *s t e v e n*
Lions sus
I got the ending right at the end 🙃
stay up to watch this.
Where are the og 2
Pogs
I am guy number 3 just sit down and watch everyone do the task
you are trash with out stephen
Dan is trying to replace Stephan and Hosa (don't know how to spell please be gentle)  I miss the old crew ):
Please keep going on animated series!!! I loveeeee them 💖😁🥺💐💮
OMGGGGG I MISSED DANPLAN, YESSSSS
WHAT HAPPENED TO HOSEAH AND STEVEN
dan sounds like dream from minecraft speedruns
Lol
Yay I got it right
Nelly is turning into Stephen
Theo is sus not gonna lie.
At the last question, I will kill them all. No trust!
I want stephen back >:(
I think it's Theo because he was in security and it have a vent in security and med bay also have a vent so he could of vented kill in med bay then vent back in to security 😁
Am i the only one thinks this is just disrespectful to everyone he harmed?
Theo Theo is sus dude
Havent seen a single video since the old ones
I am right Theo
Wait what happened to hosuh and steve!
Okay, I chose Theo and here is why.  Theo was in the security room meaning he saw you, as well as Nelly taking longer than they should in the task. Now it's possible that Nelly was having problems with the tasks because there are some tasks that can be tricky, as such, Theo killed Dan, then decided to pin it on Nelly because they saw you see Nelly taking too long *meaning* that they would assume you were already suspecting Nelly, and not the absent Theo.
I wish Steven was here for this
Theo bc there's a vent connecting medbay security and electrical
3:52 bruh this is me every now and then when I play among us
Why can't I be early! Theres already 800 some comments ..
I hope Hosuh is alright during his 2 years
Theo
Plot Twist: There were actually three impostors and nelly was the third impostor.
I feel like this is gonna go downhill again
2:51 inside a minds intro music
Theo, because there's a vent in security leading to med and electrical, and it would be safe to vote Theo off because they could have just vented, Insta killed and vented back fast enough to have the cameras blinking
I don't know man, if I was in IRL Among Us, I'm carrying a gun. The imposters got those guns from somewhere and I'm not gonna walk around unarmed. Screw that!
Sorry to say but miss Housa and Stephen so much😭😭
I just love it so much when you guys give video suggestions for our choice of the imposter. So creative guyss 🤣
Phile he vinted
me at 0:27 : *the furries are taking over*
I love all of you guys animation videos
Finally an animated video I've been waiting soooooo long
Yey!!! We're back to classic animation 😁
You really don’t survive among us. Like the premise is a alien is transforming into other people (imposter). You can never make sure you got the alien. So in the end you are doomed to living your life on the spaceship never truly knowing if you got all the aliens. Every time you reach a new group it can spread and you kill more people till you become one of those dead.
I miss Stephen and Hosuh. :(
Dan's back
Theo and nelly are like the 2nd Stephen and Jay         *i miss them-*
Dream?
steven and howsa are sus i did not sow them the entyre game?!?!?!?!?!!?
I can't even with the maid outfit for the vents XD Ah, this video was so hilarious, ngl. Definitely good to watch at 12 am if you're bored :D or 2 am :D or 3 am :D " *are you watching this at 3 am?* "   " *...no :D* "
8:49 That was the time Toast voted out sykkuno so that toast isn't sus anymore
7:41 Yellow was--    (Ad plays) *bLaCk FrIdAy DeAls*
Where is holsa an stephin |=(  Inow Abouted i now
"you eject yellow and it says-" the ad: "tACO BELL PARTY PACK AAAAAAA"
3:10 I see what you did there
acourding to the lore one of the suvivors is a imposter and the only win is blowing the base up
I know were supposed to move on from the drama but this would still be better with hosuh and Stephen. Don't hate this is just my opinion on this vid, if u think otherwise just keep it to yourself❤️
To be honest I actually did the thing that blue did so what happend my teammate cyan killed lime infront of me and red came in and said it gotta be white or cyan I had to the blame on my teammate and killed the rest and well I won ;^; that $h!.t was hard to pull of
Hey great  video  made me laugh hard keep doing what your doing
That was a cool 2 pkayer thing
Can you survive order 66
So ur animating again
Fuck it kill every one
it has been long
Can you survive The Thing?
DanPlan Animated | Can You Survive Among Us.   God i haven't heard that name in years
same kill them all !!!!!!!!!!!
Dan: “you see player white”  Me:                 :/
It only dawned on me 2 minutes in that this was an animation, and I got excited. I'm so used to this channel being an animation channel and I've gotten used to their voices.
You should really make can you survive texas chainsaw masacre
i miss stephen and hosuh....
At least there's a new steven
Where is Steven and Housh
Toasted only play among us with mods
YES, CHOOSE YOUR OWN ENDINGS! I LOVE EM
That's the thing dude, I HATE AMONG US IDK HOW ITS  FUN?!
9:15       Me: I would be joking with people in real life version of Among us! And joke about knifes... don’t ask why...
Yes DanPlan is back
It's the guy who was in cams the cams stop blinking because he vent to medbay then vent back
How long has it been
the come back
My gooooood
I love how Theo is always so lost in what ever they are doing, while Nelly is just right there...willing to kill anyone no matter pure or nah, he just want fun!!
Daniel is sus he is Dead
nonononononono, the subscribe button is sus
Not complaining but I'm so excited to see a new upload Frome one of my favorite you tubers
I like 80085
I’m stuck between weather it is nelly or Theo because Nelly was taking too long at wires and could have gone to medbay , snatched the kill and vented to electrical to wait there until I found the body, or it could have been Theo who was on cams, saw that I left and vented from cams to medbay, snatched the kill and went back to cams. It could be both of them but we need more clues or very obvious hints like if we saw the cams red light go off for a second in admin and come back on then it would be Theo but it also could be nelly because I remember that there are about 4 wire tasks, one in cafe, one in electrical, one in storage and one in security. So Nelly could have left the wires killed Dan vented in electrical or walking back doing a loop into security to pretend to do the other wires. Idk just thought like right there lmao 😂
Time to stab some ppl
Theo
Theo 100%
THIS IS LIKE THE MAFIA ONE
Can you do "Can you survive Digital Devil Saga Avatar Tuner"?
RED SUS RED SUS🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
Only 31k views rn
man i miss these videos
3:09 Oh wow- 80085 more like  "B O O B S" "8 0 0 8 5"
Please do a video on surviving ether a dream manhunt sinario or a desert
Please do a video on surviving ether a dream manhunt sinario or a desert
Gay blood gay blood gay blood
Anyone miss Steven?😢
Might just be me, but please don't say lynch, great video though!
Its dan
Missed these
Potato says subscribe to DanPlan
It's theo
We’re back in business baby
Just like Stephan ....(sniff) yeah ..(sniff)
Nice
:D
Ok! No! NO!!! You literally didnt give them enough information for them to get it right when it came to the scenario where blue pointed a finger at green, with the info you gave them the right answer should've been pink because since they know that the other impostor is green they dont want to be suspicious when green eventually dies and it is confirmed that they are an impstor, that is literally why yellow was sussed and voted out in the first place after they protected green, no player in their right, teamwork loving mind would EVER *be the first* to point the finger at their impostor friend in the situation you explained.
Nelly is the new Stephen :D
There's this weird thing whenever i'm like, 5 minutes into the game. Everytime I walk by someone, they always end up being the impostor and murdering me in cold blood-
Can we go to Dan
WAIT WHY DOES RED HEAD KINDA LOOK LIKE TENDOU
How come Im this early I usually watch vids that are like 12 months late
its theo bc he used camera to find his victim, knowing dan was at medbay he quickly vented to medbay, killed dan, then vented to cams again...
They should do another as imposter
Theo
It's Theo. The vent in Security goes directly to MedBay. He saw Daniel go in using cams, then while I was swiping, vented in, killed Dan, vented back to security and went back on cams
Theo
by the way
It has to be theo because the vent goes to medbay
Nelly he's the one that said he wants to kill everyone
By the way
Damn, it’s just like old times!
It was 666 comments
Yes, Dan is doing an animation video again, that’s no reason to bring up the old drama. I searched through Dan’s videos and the drama’s nearly a year old at this point, and all of us should’ve accepted it by now. Dan’s just trying to make a video and the comments are filling with things about the drama or the old squad. Edit: I wanna clarify the comments aren’t completely filling up with it but there are still a considerable amount of people talking about it.
It’s nice to see the animations again
Theo: *Hellbent on murdering every player* Us: Ah shit, here we go again  7:04 "You were putting a hole in my story so I made that up" - Almost...every writer (;-;)
I like the dude with the cap
the real question is was the cams still blinking when he died
Nelly kind of reminds me of Stephen because of his violent actions LOL
These were pretty obvious, have they never played?
I love danplan animated
Dang. I wanted to vote out Daniel.
It's dan
YAY ANIMATION
there's a vent in between medbay and security so it has to be Theo
I just got here and I’m not late it’s been 39 mins since it was posted
Bru, DanPlan kinda sucks now because hosa and Steven actually made it funny. It’s barely entertaining anymore. I don’t even know who these randoms are.
Yes he did animation video again
This was needed.
we not gone speak on this fake Stephen
It's just not the same
Nelly is cute😂😂🤣🤣
I wish housa and Steven and jay soory if spelled housa wrong
3:52 wait...    Is he playing town of Salem
It back
Dan: "you eject yellow and it says-" *Pop up add* My dumbass brain: "Muscule Milk!..............wait..."
It would be way funnyer if STEVEN and the other one IDK how to spell there name lol
Im just here too watch
Ah yes. The boys
Theo sus.
Glad to see you all recovered from.. That and I'm also glad you brought back the `Can You Survive?` series!
I felt so smart at the end I used all of my brain power to solve who it was and I was right
why does dream sound kinda like dan
at least we know Nelly Is the "New Stephen"
Ok
69 DISLIKES, NICE
I miss hosha and Stephen😭😭😭
It is Theo because he could vent over to medbay!!!
We finally have a replacement for Steven, someone who wants to kill everyone
*Idea:* Can you survive Danganronpa
technically *NO*
FINNALY
Ok, I after I saw this video. I have one question. Was the CTV camera on?
The videos aren’t really the same without Stephen
Nelly is my among us spirit animal xD
Do can you survive town of salem
I knew they would mention toast. I miss this animated
Do danganronpa
steven :c
... was the camera blinking the whole time tho? you can vent to medbay from security and I'd only trust Theo if he was on cameras the whole time... also where is Nelly in all this? is he still in cafeteria or did he leave? Did he go trough weapons, admin or medbay? I gotta ask and see how good I think they are at lying before voting either of them because they are sus until proven otherwise.
I miss Stephen
pro player: someone disguised as toast amazing.
Tbh its I thinks its theo because you didnt see the camera blinking there did you and the vent goes from medbay to security so theo is sus
FINALY
I miss stephen and Hosuh :(
"if you play among us for a day you would be good" but i got good and i have played one game
He broke the 4th wall in the end many many times in 3 videos
:D
Its theo i know that for a fact since he wants to kxll people 😶
Dan plan was never the same hosa and Stephen and Dan plan separate
I voted all of them out at once easy win
The last bit i think we are very sus, because we came from upper engine going towards medbay which is safe to say that we walked past security,so how did we not see who was in there.and we walked past medbay to do our task in admin but we walk back to medbay.seems a bit sus
I miss the old crew, stephen and hosuh :(
what you did to stephan was wrong
Neil is the imposter  I said this right after he says the cremates and imposter
bro i need more information like was nely still at wires and were the cams blinking(side note i can do card one the first try)
neli sus
Me only playing Danganronpa and Among Us this year: SHOOT ME WITH ALL THEM DETECTIVE PROBLEMS BISH! I AM INVINCIBLE!!!
Only one thing, WHY THE F*** DOES EVERYONE KEEP EXPLAINING WHAT IS AMING US, I MEAN WT...also i like your videos(also please like the video not the comment)
Early
Ooooo, the scenario makes this among us game a bit like henry stickmin scenario~ clever🤤
If I did among us in real life I would fight back
IT'S THEO YOU CAN VENT FROM SEC TO MEDBAY NAH THEO SUS
I watched this video so UNGODLY fast that time couldnt register that I had watched it that fast so it says it was uploaded 30 minutes ago   Smh....
Funny is I had a Dream about this Video. (I know that that's sound unbelievable)
teo is sus theres a vent on the camera room hope I'm right
Hi dan
Was nelly still in cafeteria when we went to medbay?
OMG did your voice change Dan? Or have you always sounded like dream?? What?
I see dan plan  I see animated  My mind: perfectly balanced as all things should be
Me: ARE YOU KIDDING?! a fully animated video again?! ITS OVER 9000.
I got right the last option i was ablittle obvious because of the vent
Eyy the good ol animations
Nelly : Just kill everybody problem solved   I love this video so muchhh :) I love anything that you make! Vlogs, challenges, dumbshit, all of them!  Thankyou Dan and the team
nice
why imposter's tongues built like that tho ..?
Hi
finally there animated again
Ah people who write a paragraph about the killer and the imposter just say u sus or u vented
Where is your discord link can I get in the discord piz? guy 3 is sus!
So nastolgic, sweet video
Like animation better
New Stephen Arrivea
Nelly hmm Nelly kinda sus
It’s Theo because there’s a vent from security to medbay 😎
I do most of time i just dot kill i just be odd
Hey I wrote a verse and some melodies (basically made a remix) to agoraphobic by CORPSE, I would be more than thankful if you could check it out, and if you genuinely like it you could subscribe :)
Its theo cus the security vent connects to medbay and eletrical
among us blood is gay, I guess
Theo would have seen something if he was in security so theo
early 27 minutes
Its theo he vented to med bay killed dan then vented to elec or back to cams
Who misses stephen and hosuh
Yay it's animated
What happened to Steven and Hosa?
Yay!!!! Another animation ❤️❤️❤️
Plot twist it was you
I think they should play the actual game
I always get a task where I have to be on a vent so I be looking sus
Yay I got it right!!
wow nellys a physcopath
y'all please stop bringing up the past, they all got over it already and you should too. and love this video, i would love to see them actually play it lol, that would be fun xD
NELLY
Gotta love the animated ones
HOHOHOHO i play among us before and i know which vent can go which and so THEO YOUR THE IMPOSTOR BECAUSE THE VENT IN THE CAM CAN GO TO THE VENT TO MEDBAY MUAHAHAHAHAHAHA
We're finally back to full animation! I'm so happy!
Me: red sus Everyone: OK   *RED WAS NOT THE IMPOSTER*   i love democracy
80085
It's Theo cuz in camms there is a vent that gose to medbay.
Imposter: *closes door and separates people* Everyone: “greens sus he got put on the other side of the door”
theo vented from security to medbay and killed Dan then vented back to security to not look sus
대니앨이 사기꾼자입니다...이 비디오 만들어서 태호와 낼리 를 비난하는거자나요....비상 회의 대니앨 보랠샘.....ㅋㅋㅋ  Daniel....is sus....he made this video so he can pin it against Theo and Nelly....EMERGENCY MEETING.....Send Daniel out. (Kek)
If only Stephen was here imagine what he would do
Are you sure we don't have another Steven
*Dᴀɴ sᴏᴜɴᴅs ʟɪᴋᴇ ᴅʀᴇᴀᴍ*
Nelly
Red sus
YES i love the new animation content!
Stephen was Ejected
no, I can't survive I just stand still and all of a sudden I'm "sus"
Don’t get mad at me if I get this wrong I never played among us   1st question: the person in the vents is the impostor because only the imposter can go in the vents 2nd question: I have no idea 3rd question: white is the imposter 4th question: pink is the imposter cause pink is doing a trick where they are with other people so the other people can say that person didn’t kill anybody and then the 2nd imposter kills a bunch of people and then the 1st imposter kills near or at the end 5th question: the 2nd imposter is blue because he know for a fact green is and if he ejects green then people will think he is not the imposter cause he was correct
iTs nEllY
i hope is Theo, its allways the unexpected one
Noice
The investigator side of the game is the *hard* part of the game, just a fair warning who are new to the game...
I miss Hosuh and Stephen
Nelly the crewmate: ejecting everyone
Finally more animations
DanPlan is back to it's glory days, baby! I really enjoyed this video, and I really like these new guys. Make more!
My awnsers:  1: it’s the 2nd one 2: reactor 3. white the murder 4. Pink is imposter and marinating 5. Blue cause he knew they would loose so he sacrificed  6. It’s Theo
Which one is better Animated:like Non animated: comment (3x the points)
Hello
Everyone playing among us: 100 IQ 0 IQ Me: YEET EM OFF
theo be real sus
feels weird because stephen not on the video
dan murdering his crewmates:*deadpan expression* dan reporting: "OMG IT WAS HORRIBLE.I MAY NEVER RECOVER IM TRAUMATIZED FOR LIFE"
Ay i was just litsening to an among us song and then i saw this
What happened to Stephen and Houhsa
Theo
Ok But give me hosua
“By the way,        Can you survive being late to videos?”
I love this video keep making more like it! (I am a big fan)
Dan do a vid u actually play the game
Theo sus
Kick Nelly
Can u guess what I spelled by numbers        8             M8ßß                     SS53v3ñ          Now I will tell the answers                      1st one: I 2nd one: Miss 3rd one: Steven                I Miss steven
I love how blood thirsty nelly is here XD
i could
I'll buy your merch when Steven and hosuh are here
Love ur vids danplan there very entertaining keep it up!
The new stephen
I liked this video
It's been awhile since an animation. As in about 10 months.
Okay I know it's whoever was in security because there's a vent from there and it can go to med Bay or electrical so whoever was in there they must have vented in there killed then vented back
what happened to Hosuh?
Hello.    "That's it, that's all I wanted to say, bye now"
ahhh i missed the rainbow blood :>
Dan:Now how do you tink is the impostor amoung pink blue or yellow 6:31 Me:its red its always red
This really makes me miss hosah and steven. I really wish you guys could make up
Is it weird that when they mentioned disguised toast I immediately craved toast with butter
😌✨
We WANT ( BY THE WAY ) SERIOUS  LIKE THIS COMMENT JUST TO MAKE THEM SEE IT.🤭
I bet someone in the comments is an Impostor. Who are you sus of?
Daniel
What is the background song at 2.40?
Red kinda sus
:0 im decently early
I know what you said but it is theo because the vent and camera is connected to the one in mrdbay
IMPOSTOR IS NELI
As a crewmate, you never go to cams when the task bar isnt half done
Its theo
I know it was Theo because security has a vent that leads over to medbay so it is for sure Theo
Theo ! He vented !
“Ooo yummy”😂
It’s Theo he vented from cams to medbau
bruh dan is really sus bruh he is so sus
Nelly
I still Miss Stephen and Hosuh...it Just feels wrong Without them
Nelly is actually more intelligent then   anyone in dan plan.
Nelly is Stephen 2.0
IS THAT STEPHEN
The best part was when they included us in the video
It's been only 12 mins ?? T-T
dude wait no. we are the imposters. we just went into medbay and killed him. because we knew he was going there. we just gotta put the blame on someone to win.
Nelly is sus Very sus(⌐■-■)
Classic danplan is back yay
Nelly sus
wtf
I miss stephen
Dan's sus Nelly and me are going to kill him
Good video!
ah yes the iconic rainbow blood
Blue is Toast and Green is Sykunno
Wait I dont wanna be rude, but where is hosuh? Dont get me wrong, I love these new guys! But did he go to college or? Like I'm just GENUINELY asking so please dont get mad comment section😅 I'm not trying to be insensitive guys!
I vote Dan Dan is sus
And finally I know that you're going to do it now
Sounds sus but sure, I'mma watch
the fact he hasnt played   among us  makes me feel bad
Do another animation video you haven't done animation sis Steven and Steven and and
the fact that there are only 102 views and 92 likes is kinda sus, I'm voting the people who disliked
Guys I'm cleaning the vents guys how the heck are you supposed to breathe with dirty vents guys
me who finds the two impostors within the first meeting
“can you survive among us?”  no
dan..? will..they come back..? u know stephen? and hoshuh?
Everyone that say something off topic or random gets a lot of likes so.....  HELLO
They have been corrupted by among us
Dan: You eject yellow and it says that yellow was- Ad: *YoU gOt ThE mUsIc In YoU-*
Thank you for bringing back the animation
dang im early
For the pro player question: 2 groups could go fix it. One in o2, the other in admin
Danplan:releases a video  Everyone:fvdjjdhsjhsksbksbfjek
Yea yessssss I’ve been waiting for this!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol 9 min
Ransoms when They see someone breath in a different detection 3:51
looooool
Why isn't the video tital ...by the way, can u survive among us?    This is sus
Omg the animation is so cute UwU
Little do you know that there are vents in the cafeteria that nobody ####### uses because its in caf why would there be a vent at the starting area
That green haired dude is so sus, eject them
Hummmmmm
I had to leave an among us for this, no regrets
I’m cautiously optimistic about this. I’ve really missed animated DanPlan, and hopefully the production process has been adjusted to where everyone making it is okay with the way it’s being made.
8:07 Why is Theo's head on that spot of the body again...?
Youre doing a animation again.    Audiance: YES FINALLY
Lol yess
Oh 8 mins ago! Hey Dan im sick and i love your vids!
sus
omggg
why so sus
Omg where have you been dan plan, literally my favorite animation group, not even exaggerated.
hiiiiiii
*easy way to survive..*               Just glitch out the map :3
toast
I just started at the thumnail and was like  Wait is that Kirishima
Last time I was this early my dad still came back with the milk.
THIS IS BRINING THE PAST BACK I MISS THE OLD GAMG :(
I really want to see you guys play Among Us lol
here before 10,000 views
Wew look at the blood. Now I wanna eat rainbows
hmmm kinda sus tho
63rd
It's funny how toast just posted a video the same time I was watching the "pro-player" part.
I wouldn't survive
Im shaking fncmnmb💚💚✨ I love this so much💚💚✨ ahhhhhh!
Dan sus
Omg im so Early
265th commenter
any news on stephan?
This Remind me if you mafia video(can you make a  Another mafia video)
Yeet
I’m poor, that’s all—
I missed this kinds of video This makes me sooo happy It brings me back to the olden days
It dosent feel the same we need our psycho especially if were playing amoung us.....
i see you in latin america colombia
Any of y’all seen the Neko Maid Daniel cosplay from Vin? Ya me either ✌️😗
Bring back steven
The video: *10 secends ago Me: *rushes to comment section Comment section: 156 Me: wut
yay upload woohoo
Hey guys  Purple Sus Red too I hid from them in the vents
I miss Steven
Could u...just make up?
*Sorry, Among us is OLD*              my opinion isnt valid anymore is it
Sus
GREEN SUS
*Thor yelling YES meme intensifies*
BTW, Can You Remember What You Forgot?
3:46 that makes you bad a among us
lol im still amazed about this vid
I rewatch all of there old video because I miss the old trioT^T
he sounds like dream and has the color green lol
DanPlan 2.0 is just Danplan but with two Stephens
dan sus
E                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   You thought it was me but it was I dio
I got the notif for this while playing among us
Bean
I made it
Dang
IS THAT AN ANIMATED DANPLAN VIDEO IN 2020?!
Niceu
That sus
All the dislikes are the impostors
oh yes 5 min ago v-v
Green vented
I urr uhhh think Dan is the imposter
Super chill skittle juice blood
I could not😂😂
Actually it’s missing the head because their screen is the glass on the suit
I watched this channel when it was 2019
Sus
So they replaced steven and housa
No one:   Theo: *Oooooh I sEEeeE*
When is hosuh going to come back?
Reds sus
https://www.roblox.com/users/640898651/profile
Dan: can you survive among us. Me the inposter: ummm.
i miss these
How are their already 16 dislikes? The heck man
This video gave me a ride of nostalgia 😭
lmfao waited for a while and got this in my recs just now XD
You guys should live stream among us
Sus
Where’s hosuh
Weres stephn
I'm here early YES
Finally a animation!!!!
DAN IS BACK BABY YUMMY
FINNALY ITS ANIMATED
Every ONE IS SUUUSSSSS
Happy thanksgiving 🦃 please like my comment it will make my day 😁😁
Yeeeessss
O.o
Half of a teletuby? XD
Claim your "here before an hour" ticket now!
hello
We will miss the other members.....
E
hello
HI! :)
I was just watching old videos hdhdjsjsj
Wait whoever has green hair and is a huge retar- idiot cause he is sus
I miss these, this feels kinda nostalgic ngl
You brought the animation back!
Yay among us and a can you survive
“No you don’t understand, it’s a new task called ‘clean vents’ I swear”
I think greens sus  If it’s not green vote me after
Life sus
Is hosuh still alive???
I love how Daniel kept the channel going on
Hi
Hi
Hi
Red sus
Hiii
Dan is Sus. Look at him with that green alien mucus hair.
Blue kinda sus
I saw dan vent
Can YOU survive Among Us?
Wait you guys are back
Clicked immediately
This is what I want to see
Imagine if the og's we're playing
Wait I'm still subbed? They still uploading?
Green sus
Yall name should be can you survive at this point lol.
Ooppf
Nice
Hi
It’s been soooooooo long
I GOT SO EXCITED OVER THE NOTIFICATION GLAD TO SEE Y'ALL AGAIN :D
Last to be eaten MWAHAHA EJECT THAT IMPASTA
Hes back bois and grillz
Smth ain’t right-
hi
Hi
Yeah so screw off
What happened to hosa
Yes just yes i have been waiting
IDK— ELIAS SEEMS KINDA SUSSSS—
Dan is a imposter of danplan.
im early asf wtf
They are back to the drawings yessss
Hey hey hey ;w;
E
I like the rainbow blood =)
What happened to stephen and hosia
They should do game plays
Yo sus
Im late
Pin or gae
Everybody sus
2 minutes ago yay
This is a feeling i havent felt in so long
I miss steven
We're back at the animation land. I've missed these.
0:23 LMAO
i am here
" wOW im firSt "                                       stfu
if im the imposter i wont be able to survive because someone would say i vented even though i didint
Love your, vids keep it up
Animation is back🥺 I missed this fr fr
i miss the old crew they were the best wtf is this new normie shit unfuni tik tok retards
This is ONE minute old. Geez. Early as heck. Anyway great stuff as always Daniel, loving the new members.
Have a great day guys
Damn good one
Your back
An- an- an- AN ANIMATED EPISODE!?!? I thought this day would never come, I miss Steve, he was my favorite  Classic rainbow blood
i love theese type of vids and with my fav game TYSM!!
I didn't know they had Tendou from Haikyuu here.
Partially Early Squad
a
I want BEANS
Green hair is sus
THIS IS WHAT I'M WAITING FOR!!!
ooo animated??
EARLY OMG HIII
Pogg
That's sus
I've been waiting for this!!!
I just realized how much dan sounds like dream
Danplan sus but I’m the imposter lol
I have never been so early
No way your back and im a minute early?!
Animated vid woohoo!
cool
Youtube: 22 comments 43 likes and 8 views.  Can I see the comments? Youtube: NO
Can you do can you survive th ehunger games
I'm early for once in a bit
so early
sup
Can you do can you survive it ani ated
perhaps
After you done watching a Danplan Video and a new one pops up  Fans: *YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY*
POGGERS
Good video
Dan I love your animated series
eat poo
ඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞ
worm
8 views and 27 comments
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNnnn YOUR ALIve
Early squad
oo i want da merch
E
Wow im early 😳
oh dang seconds ago?
love you dan
HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII I LOVE YALL I CANT BELIVE IM EARLY-
;
Dans kinda sus ngl
ay
I'd be the one standing on the vents most of the time. Soooo, no.
u know the Telly tubey thingy really scared me like bro AH
Super EARLY!
:')
hiiiiiiiiii
B E A N S
Wat
first i guess
pog give me likes
first
very cool
ok
Hello there
Dans super sus
