Let us know your thoughts on the episode below. If you enjoyed this video then please subscribe to the channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq3hT5JPPKy87JGbDls_5BQ?sub_confirmation=1  *Check out our BEST new videos below* *House Of The Dragon Episode 1 Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcN_XnTIKVE *SHE HULK Episode 1 Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqnfg1pRKAQ *Better Call Saul Season 6 Ending Explained* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOtn9AWxbbs *Westworld Season 4 Episode 8 Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMlKQPc-cKM *Prey 2 Predictions* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvTn1IcVAvU *Sandman Ending Explained* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4Guf3aHTGs
When is season two starting?
She hulk isn't mid, it's awful
You should listen to it it’s an excellent audiobook
I just realized that Daemon died near the God’s Eye! And didn’t Bloodraven do something freaky there like 150 years later?
Schrodinger's baby 😆
I just started watching super late to the party but I fucked up because this show is fire I’m not even finished yet
you caught heat for saying She-Hulk was mid? lol
I was very hesitant so only have started watching now, but really enjoying it so far. I liked the politics and Kings Landing scenes from early GOT a lot so I'm digging what we're getting. Not surprised but I still find it funny they are using the same theme song, I mean it was good what can you say
💯🔥
Why do the two shows have to compete, just enjoy them both. 🤷🏽‍♂️
Is it weird I watch your videos first before the show itself?
Matt Smith does not believe Daemon wants the throne. He said he thinks Daemon is an "agent of chaos."  That his character wants to cause conflict, arguments and disharmony, and "that's when he feels alive." But I do not believe it's that way with Rhaenyra. I think she is the only one he truly loves, as well as his brother the King. Viserys tells Daemon he cannot marry Rhaenyra because he's already married. So, he finishes his wife off. Then goes to the wedding and Rhaenyra marries. Then he goes and gets into a relationship with Laena, who is Rhaenyra's sister n law to find some "comfort of home?" But then she dies, and apparently I read Rhaenyra's husband dies. And, what about her lovers? Are they going to die? Is Daemon behind this? He most likely knows what's ahead and wants to be there for Rhaenyra.
i like it
Just thinking about GoT S08 brought tears in my eyes. Hoping this show doesn't go that way
11:02 It's probably tetanus.
The princess's name is Rhaenyra.... Not Rhaenyria .   Rhae-near-ah. Not Rhae-near-ree-ah.
I had thoughts that being cut or had that septic skin they were changing into white walkers , or something like that
I am late
Alicent was visibly picking at her fingers during the tournament, my theory is that her dad has been abusing her and the finger picking is due to trauma. Especially if you look at her body language every time she's in the same room as her dad. In the scene where he asks her why she's 'destroying herself' (after noticing her hands) when she's 'the most comely woman at court' he gets really creepy with her imo.
My dude threw shade at she hulk 🤣🤣🤣
Some really gruesome scenes to remind you what you’re watching.
Dude, I was grateful that you covered the Depp Heard trial. But damn, you've been drifting too far lately. Jokes about sex workers being bigger on the inside. Fuck man, that's tasteless.
I enjoy the love scene in this episode.
....why are all the actors playing Targaryens so ugly?
14:00 Taking the favor isn’t inherently romantic, so in the book I’d say it’s not that weird.
Daemon keep reminding me of an elf in LOTR..lol
My brother told me that being cut my the iron throne is a sign that you are not fit to rule which I think is really cool
Hopefully they continue with quality.  The ending of GOT was such a massive disappointment I was hesitant to show up for this.
I agree 100% with the last part, we all remember the ending of the first show, but suddenly hearing that theme again, and seeing a dragon at the onset, put us back in that world and reminded us why we loved this story in the first place. "it's like the same, but not the "same" same"
Paddy Considine. Not Constantine. Considine.
Yall are so easy to sell average breads and circuses too. This show sucks. Only GOTs early seasons were good and then it got spotty. This is just bottom of the barrel now wtf lol
can someone explain this to me? > Viserys Targaryen: The idea that we control the dragons is an illusion.
Come here for the spoilers and you leave out the ones from the book? Unacceptable. Do better🤣jk love the work. Couldn't get through my work day without ya.
I am not going to watch any of these until i see what everyone says about finale, not tricking me again
I kinda like the show.  But one question.  If they are all part of the same family, how is one black with long blonde hair??  Did they say he comes from somewhere else?  It would seem very off to just cast someone based on race in this series when so many groups that do represent everyone.
I'm switching to this channel instead of Screencrush. I'm not enjoying the recent quality of their summary on that channel. Lot of wild speculation and repetetive corny jokes. Now, I'll just have to try my very best to make myself comfortable listening to Paul's voice here on Heavy Spoilers. Wish me luck.
Great work on the break down… Subbed as well. To me the 1st episode was done in a fashion in which a lot was given in a short time. There was a lot of shakers and movers and main characters to get used to. I always watch each episode 2x to make sure I don’t miss anything. Will follow up each one with your break down. Great work.
Great breakdown!
It was twisted dark gritty vile gory.  took you to scary place's And that's just matt smiths face... Damon
Everybody seems all joyful starting the show, then next thing you they screaming and covering their eyes haha🤣🤣
Thanks a lot!!! "mate". Now I have no need to watch the g.d. series' first episode. And, I hate, hate! your demonic accent, - You people are what's wrong with the world
Really lovely analysis. The show started with some really hard to watch scenes indirectly telling the audience to wear their big boy pants🤦‍♂️😂🤷‍♂️: the delivery scene esp. the caesarian section, knight tournament, and the King's guards dismembering bodies 🤦‍♂️. I suspect the king has greyscale and also Daemon placed it on one of the swords on the King's Seat. It was no coincidence he was sitting on the throne in the first scene 🤷‍♂️
"Its bigger on the inside" Theon Greyjoy
Should I watch this series before GOT? I haven't seen either yet
Your jokes are top class
Loved watching it! And the tournament and birthing scene were hard to watch. And when the vertical cut was made , one of my friends remarked that that's how it was done before they started cutting horizontally.  (all 4 of us are women who do some historical research.  :) History nerds) And when the familiar song came up at the end, ooof! Gasps.  Definitely excited for this series.  Great breakdown
What's up with the black guy?
No Maiden Vault either Baelor hasn't built it yet
It still sucks they left out Mushroom. He was best POV
I'm so happy ur doing this show 🔥🔥❤️🖤
I listened to the commentary by the show runner after episode 1 and according to him, Queen Aemma wasn’t going to survive the birth, so doing the caesarean was really the only choice. Unfortunately it turned out that both mother and baby died anyway, but knowing that Aemma was doomed makes me less angry to kill her.
The queen knew what was going to happen next when she was positioned on the bed. The terror on her face
Loved it!! Was so excited this show is starting! Makes Sunday night the night to look forward to for the week!
I never thought that Matt Smith could play a character that's a complete garbage can of a human. It took 15 seconds of screen time for me to loathe the Daemon character and it the first time my heart is filled with hate for a Matt Smith character.
Loved the first episode!
I first started watching GOT about 7 seasons late so I'm happy to start viewing this new rendition on time. This episode was better than I thought.
Who’s gay? You’re gay
Nice!
Not hooked yet, but I will keep watching.
anyone else thinks the CGI and picture quality looks just terrible? Flat contrast, blurred highlights to disguise the backgrounds, cheap crowd multiplication… Faces look flat and the “blockbuster look” is just missing for me quite dissapointed with that.
Heavy Spoilers makes Ryan Arey look like Little Finger
I loved Episode 1. Looking forward to E2
4 days late, and i'm sure other cunts have flagged it, but Paddy Constantine!?! The man was in Dead Man's Shoes. Show some damn respect :P
Great show and great breakdown.
I appreciate your sharing of your feelings. Watching this episode literally felt like I was returning home after a long and disappointing trip. When the theme started during the credits, I could help but smile big. Can't wait to see where this show goes
I loved the first episode
I SKIPPED THE BIRTH SCENE ... I have 6 kids and trust me NO MORE .... she did all 6 no meds....  natural awesome   ... I had my hand squished still got the fractures
Lol she hilk wasn't mid. It was fucking trash
When he chose the baby that was assigned the male gender at birth over the birthing person, I had chills for they them.  The sexist patriarchy will always exploit birthing persons.
Dude, her name is Rhaenyra, not Rhaenyria, not Rhaena. It's complicated enough without you confusing the name thing further.
Damn good first episode! And you’re correct, She-Hulk was mid. Didn’t get much better after episode 2. Hope it turns it up.
Question for anyone: Why doesn't Daemon have kids? B/c of his wife being in the Vale or he can't have them? Seems a shame...
Can we talk about how cool Daemon's helmet (and outfit) was?😍
i liked season 8
the Taargarians are a rip off of the Melnibonians
I’m watching this show cause of Matt Smith.
My Theory Aegon's dream required a Targaryen leading Westeros not to deal the final blow against the Night King. Leaders lead wars. They do not always participate in the battles. The White Walkers, similar to the Targaryens, diminished over time. They no longer have the giant spiders and other dark creatures they once used during the first Long Night.   It is likely Azor Ahai traveled to Essos to learn the art of stealth and assassination. The skills of stealth helped Azor Ahai avoid the white walkers to reach the Children of the Forest. The Children would give the valeyrian dagger, made from the dragonglass that built the Night King, to Azor Ahai. The dagger helped Azor Ahai stealthily kill many white walkers that lead legions of wights. The White Walkers would lose their might dark creatures, such as giant spiders, to the First Men and Children of the Forest alliance. Azor Ahai traveled back to Essos and entrusted the dagger to the red priests who over time later entrusted the dagger to the Targaryen family of Valeyria.  The Red Priests believe the same method Azor Ahai used to defeat the White Walkers is needed to end the second Long Night, thus the prophecy of Azor Ahai being reborn was made. However, that was not the case.
Birth scene was amazing and horrifying. Tourney stuff was cool but like...they are just killing eachother?! This tourney would have started like 3 different wars lol. Tourneys are playing at war. Daemon's move tripping the horse would have instantly got him disqualified. The Mountain started the same crap in season 1 of GOT and was disqualified and ordered to stop by the king.
Viserys could have arrange marriage for daemon and rhaenyra and avoid the dance of the dragon with daemon as king though his quite ruthless he is not heartless at all
The Kings wife dies but he still looks Young enough to marry again and have more kids? And he is what in his late forty's? Still a young man.
Wow thanks for the spoilers for future episodes lol not all of us have read the books and I know I’m not alone with wanting to stick only to what has aired. I’ll be avoiding your videos for this show which makes no difference to you but just saying. Spoiler warnings would be nice
Agreed. Good start . There's not much else to watch anyway. Plus I think Lord of the rings spin off will be boring in comparison
05:22 05:30 alright..so this means he'll be first one to "go" init?!
First, your reaction clips crack me up and are spot on. Second, a love triangle between them and her uncle was a feeling.
Ive not read the book so am not sure of what the ages are supposed to be, but what if jon snow had a fling with caitlan and is arias actual father making her a person with targaren blood that wields the cats paw ?
The festering wound is likely associated with genetic mutations due to small genetic pool,  like incestrous Targaryen practice.   Russian monarchs had hemophilia.
An interesting aside about the swords around the throne -- in GoT (forget which episode) someone comments that the throne can't really have been made from the famed number of swords because they counted. I wonder if the "other swords" are those around it AND I would actually argue the swords are placed how they are (points up to the heavens) to try to show that "the one that sits on the Iron Throne is without peer" i.e. no one else can sit next to them, stand next to them -- hell it would be hard to attack them because you couldn't easily cross where the swords are.
The moors had the largest fleet of ships in the world at one time i like how they have the dark skinned man as ruler of the largest navy
Remember the book is written from an account of a maester and a court clown mushroom so they have room to mess with the history…
The threat from the north that was like little threat. Biggest I can’t  forget garbage last three seasons.
I have so low expectations from HBO Disney prime ect…that this show was nice to see I gave it a 6.5-7 out of 10. A lot of issues like the killing of the crooks I was like what’s going on here with these good cloaks
Weir wood south of the neck….ok that’s a fail.
👍🏾
We knew the end result, but we want to know how
Even though its a woke freakfest where they hammer all the usual hate for men into us and ludicrous manifestations of  diversity are forced into it there is the semblance of an interesting story in it... and some of the casting is actually good ! Regretfully.. where GoT spent time in building up the main characters accomplishments to obtain their positions and skills here they are naturally impregnated with it and wear unfathomable plot armors and no effort is spent in explaining how they obtained their superior skills and qualities.  Conclusion : I'm worried but will keep watching.
Daemon isn't a play on words for demon. "Demon" in latin is literally "Daemon". No play on words involved. Just the literal meaning of his name.
"Otto get in the Flask!" -Littlefinger Nicky
There are minor mistakes here. Blacks vs greens is not daemon vs Rhaenyra. It’s a rivalry between players some of whom haven’t been introduced yet. Rhaenys isn’t a daughter of Jaeharys, she and Viserys are both grandchildren of Jaeharys by his two sons, however Rhaenys is the eldest son’s daughter and she’s older than Viserys which gives her primogeniture
14:59 That old man 🔪 that 👶, right? We all saw that camera hold on his face 👀
I already know how stupidly this whole things ends .   I am out .
Thanks for another great breakdown!  One thing: it's Paddy Considine, not Constantine.
Impressions have elevated to a 4 out of 10. 😁😁. To be fair, it was a 2 so there's that🎆🎇🔥   As I said they came out with this episode like "did you forget who we are, i know it's been awhile and then BOOM💥💥💥💥 HOW YOU LIKE ME NOW!! This episode was incredible🔥🔥🔥it's was the best way of showing you the best is yet to come!!  Thanks Paul 🍻 cheers
I attest that the obese, white hair GRRRRM looks like Dajjal
I loved it!! Love your interpretation as well.
Daemon face had something that was bothering me something unusual..took me hours to realise that it's not having something in his face that is bothering me..his eyebrows
Deamon was actually sad 🙁🙁☹️☹️ (the heir for a day)
My favourite part was in the tournament scene when the king says  “the Baratheon tongue will not change the succession of the the throne, let them wail” and as we all know 🤣 it really did change hahah
Feel like otto knows the king will not last long so he needs security when there is no one standing between him and damean
I enjoyed your review mate. I will never watch she H    ulk... i refuse to spell it correctly
*_“He chose his son over his wife.”_* I DISAGREE with ya there. The Maester said he had two choices essentially: 1. Risk losing them both since she cannot live with a dead baby still inside her or 2. Take a smaller risk, losing just one, his wife. Though both were risky, there was no optimism given in regard to the queen living either way. Her fate was already sealed.
I love how much Daemon looks like Elric of Melnibone in his black armor.
The acting was bad, apart from the actor playing daemon. Very poker faced actors. The scenes with Daemon and Rhaenyra were CRINGE WORTHY. The king is a wimp. Daemon is an idiot with dragons. F it . Give me Tywin Lannister and Olenna Tyrel in their youth. No wonder Daenerys didn’t have brains, they’re inbreed.
daemon seems like a mix of young jamie with his ego & oberyn for the act of violence
This isn’t the only channel to miss the fact that the Maesters told the King he could save the child or lose them both. The Queen had a stalled birth due to the baby being Breech. She was slowly bleeding out and infection would set in soon. The forced c-section meant she died from blood loss rapidly but the baby would be alive. The surgery scene was definitely uncomfortable to watch especially since the reversal of Roe. But the writers should have shown the infants death and the king losing it. They needed to let some scenes marinate. A- of a first episode though!
Liked the episode. Rhyenra is already my favorite, while Alicent is just a little ….
NOT looking forward to what eventually happens to Rhaynera and her family
Fun fact: Aegon Targaryan was also nicknamed Egg and he was the squire for the hedge knight. Check out the comic hedge knight to learn more about his story.
6:50 he didn’t choose his unborn son Over his wife. The Maester told him both his wife and son would die if they didn’t do the “C section”
Not watching the series just watching these reviews.
For this great secret of Song of Ice and Fire told to Rhaenyra to be passed down thru rulers to end up being 1 episode was a real dick move.  Some would go as far as saying, FAIL.  I heard a fan theory. It ended with John and Dany’s child inheriting the thrown and walking over the map room with Tyrion was so good I swear I thought it would have been season 8. Anyone know that story/video?  I’ll pretend that was what happened.
I don't understand the need to cast 2 sets of actors, *only for Allicent & Rhaenyera (sorry if I butchered the spelling)   I understand there is time jump, but NO ONE else has a drastic change in appearance,  and keeps the same actor per character & the idea we just lose the actors we will come to bond with are just gone?   ... And it happens within Season 1 ???   This is going to be confusing.
I'm pretty sure 99% of us GOT fans think that season 8 sucked. Especially the finale
Honestly, trash 🗑 the writing has really downgraded, maybe it’ll grow on me or I’ve been spoiled by GoT exceptional writing
Did the Hightower dynasty survive all the way through to the 1980’s when a descendant joined the police academy?  That’s some longevity!
re: the wound on Vis' back it is more symbolic than anything. They decide to cauterize the wound, but how do you cauterize the skin on a Targaryen? Later in the episode we see Vis dangling his hands in candle fire w/ no effect.   I also liked how Daemon's purge of the city calls back to recent purges of capital cities in Brazil, Russia, China, and even Canada when they were hosting the Olympics.
This show is going to be so brilliant ❤️ I can't wait for the next episode! I've seen people getting upset about the hinting of potential 'spoilers' that happen in the coming episodes of HoTD. I haven't read the books but I've watched GoT so many times now that I know most of the story from it being mentioned previously throughout the show. Huge spoilers. Massive spoilers. It was talked about so many times throughout GoT. There's even an episode called 'The Dance of Dragons . If you don't want to know what eventually happens to Rhaenyra Targaryen, steer clear of a certain episode of GoT in season 3.
She Hulk was mid lmao
👌
Funny that I have little not to like in GoT season 8 and I found this 1 episode a little “boring”… but it was good.
Corlys Valeryon is Westeros Bezos baby!!!
No medical professional, ancient or current, who *VALUED* female life or any human life preservation would have treated any living person like that birth scene. The Maesters did not GAF about women 😒🙄 that's for sure.
Loved the premiere. They definitely chose the showrunners well. I especially loved the confidence of tone throughout the episode. Great breakdown! We are back talking about GOT!!!! Crazy!!!
Excellent!
Time for a theory the king vis is the creator of the miniatures used for opening of got!
KevOnStage sent me! Great content. 👍🏾
I’m curious as to how the kings dagger ended up in Tyrions and then little fingers possession
Daemon's helmet has what can only be the dragon's front legs on the cheek protectors and the wings pointing upwards.
Really liked first episode, but I hope they don’t linger too much on the song of ice and fire. It’s cool Easter egg but leave it at that, don’t have it take up too much more of the time.
He didn’t “choose,” they were very clear in the show and in the “Inside the Episode” segment that his wife was going to die.  Yes, it was gruesome, but saving the baby was a no-brainer…
Great breakdown, definitely loved that first episode🤧😤👍!!!
With the song of ice and fire dream Aegon had, which was passed down to all Targaryen heirs, I wonder whether it was this knowledge that perhaps drove the Mad King mad, and was the reasoning for his hoarding of Wildfire. Maybe this knowledge caused him to have further dreams and visions about the white walkers which drove him even madder. "Burn them all"
matt smith is awesome
Viserys carving the model city made me think of House of Cards and how Frank would play with his toy soldiers.
I loved this episode. Heartbreaking yet reminded me why I fell in love with GOT.
Can't believe how close they got the girl to look like a younger version of denereys I thought it was her at first lol
Marry both, niece and the Hands daughter ... for your country....  A king must do what he can, to bring peace, to his young and fertile lands.
Rhaenyra and Allicent are clearly lovers but let’s call them “”””friends”””” cause it might upset people
Awesome, as usual. Lightning fast, wisely informative and very funny.  Well made, well done. Please make more.
Your videos are very informative, and entertaining. 😁  This is my favorite (movie & TV) content-analysis channel. ❤️
Great first episode . Great review
Why are we judging king's decision with our human POV ... We need to understand his son was more important for peace and stability in realm than to his wife... His son would've been the undisputed heir but without son there are always chances of dispute for succession which will lead to great war so his decision was absolutely correct to save child over wife in greater good son is more important here
Interesting thing to think about Virserys working on the model of the red keep he would be the only one to know what is looks like cause he literally has a dragons eye view 🤔🤔
Hahaha: "Games of Clones"...Nice one!
They didn’t choose not to give the Throne to one of Jaehaerys daughters, Rhaenys wasnt his Daugther, she was his granddaughter the same a Viserys and even Aemma, they were all grandchildren of the old King. The issue arose because Rhaenys was the daughter of Jaehaerys’ eldest son while Viserys was the son of the second eldest. Como one, if you are going to do a review, at least read the source material.
Everytime i hear your voice all i can think of is the mandalorian. I watch a lot of your breakdowns of the mandalorian episodes
the one thing i really dislike about the show and i dont see anyone bringing it up, its the casting. This has to be one of the worst casts ever in history... i liked only the Hightower girl of all the actors presented, everyone else was miscast if you ask me
I can’t wait to watch this whole series
Looks like an Ulcer
i liked it
You are a rare breed my friend, a hat trick.. you can summarize, explain, and make me piss my pants laughing all in one video… Keep up the great work Paul!
I like how Daemon wore an open faced helmet in jousting. Both bold and a bit arrogant.
Why do all recap videos think that we need their humor. You aren't funny. We just want the recap minus the bullshit.
I don't understand why idiots go and rate a series on IMDB based on the very first episode.   People never learn...
YouTube demonetizing channels because of English words is so Orwellian it is beyond belief. If it weren't actually a recurring abuse, no one would believe it.
Am I wrong but I thought dance of dragons was about the brother and sister
I didn’t like it
I loved it.
Costumes looked cheap - armor looked like plastic
Pretty sure there is a Doctor on the thumbnail 🤔
Jokes on Viserys and all the late kings, not only did they stop the threat from the North with an uncooperative Lannister on the thrown, but they managed to stop the "Long" night in one single battle and with only one little girl (who wasn't even a Targaryen). Those idiots really need to learn how to interpret prophecy better.
The hands daughter that was sent to console the king could later bear him a son!! And no1 knows that she’s pregnant with hes boy cos no1 new they were banging. 😳
I sadly do not care about this IP anymore.  But I love my Definition Heavy.
What a memorable disappointment. The tournament violence and gore was completely over the top. I turned it off when I realized the queen was going to be killed. Why would I want to expose myself to such an exhibit of callous ultra-violent brutality, blood and gore. Why would I have any interest in watching the interaction of this collection of sociopathic and narcissistic characters? How is this obviously very expensive junk even considered storytelling?
house of the dragon is working with the original writer, while the rings of power is taking a giant shit on the original writer. "who comes on top" is not really a question, but rather an insult that tries to elevate the rings of power up to the same level as house of the dragon.
Yeah really enjoyed it and I wasn't expecting to so yeah looking forward to rest of the show.
it’s good to be back in this world for sure now I guess bc it was a good start I see a lot of people really hating how the OG series ended I think I’m one that didn’t hate it but wished it was fleshed out more maybe give us two more seasons !! Can’t wait to see what comes next never read the book
The wigs on Viserys and Daemon are distracting to me.
I cannot fight the feeling of being torn as I was all in with GOT, even though they trashed the shit outta the storyline. I think it's the dragons for me though that keeps me plugged in. I did enjoy the first episode, but it was brutal, and I wasn't expecting so much blood... yikes. Safe to say I need to know what happens next and maybe more questions that weren't answered in GOT series will be answered in this series. We shall see.
The first episode is so good!
shaaaark
The first episode was so good. It's insane how people are saying this is SJW and "woke." They aren't even giving the show a chance.
well the 'a song of ice and fire' reference did nothing else than reminding of the shit that HBO did to the last 3 seasons of GOT which just makes me want to not watch this show next week onwards :/
It’s so good
Loved the first episode! If the lord of the rings show lack “Grit” then they wont compete but ill enjoy both
Note to self: hot chicks dig elderly men with non-healing wounds oozing with puss on their backs. Being King is good.
So bad HAHAHA
Had to stop the video at 09:50 due to the tremendous Clinton Baptiste nod 😆👉
the episode sucked.
the first episode was great! It gave me that feeling I had when I first saw GOT (minus the last season lol)
This first episode brought me back to the early seasons of GoT, helping me forget the dreaded 8.
This video was a bit of a mess, going back and forth with moments that were earlier and later in the episode
daum matt smith looks like legolas
It looks great, but i hate that they're straying so much from the original story
will  the dead come back in the house of dragons
i loved that tartis joke thats when i liked this video!
He didn't choose his son over his wife. He was told, "You can save one, or lose them both." So her death was inevitable at this point. So has hard it is to watch him make this decision, it's the right one. It's just unfortunate, that it was for nothing.
I was sure this series was gonna stink! Boy was I wrong! I like Lord of the rings, but I don’t see how it could be even half as good as this first episode
it was great, thit is what happens when writers follow the source material
The ending credits when the GOT theme came on I cried.
I have high hopes for this series, but for those saying it is already surpassing season 1 GOT - you are just plain wrong.
"Gotdamn the disrespect, gotdamn!"  Love it
Boring.... the movie is dead and it feels dead.
They said in the show the wound on his back was caused by the iron throne and it’s not healing . He even cut his hand near the end of the episode. In the book as he got older he lost fingers due to cut from the throne and stopped sitting on it
Dude I love you and your videos but it’s “Balerion the Black Dread” and “Valyrian steel” not Velaryon lmao Also, it’s “levi o sa” not “levio saaah”
The Doctor Who joke 🤣😂
I reckon Daemon's helmet looks stupid. It's not practical and a spear to the face or a sword slash would end him. Especially jousting. There's not even a nose piece to stop cross slashes 😂 I know it's fantasy but come on...
15:54 - Greens Vs Blacks - You have it wrong brochacho, its not Daemon Vs Rhaenyra. Greens are Alicent and her son Aegon II - the Blacks are Rhaenyra and Daemon's side.
Thought it wasn't good,,
I hope they will keep the feminist bullshit low, the world of Westeros is just so amazingly written, hope they won't fuck up
Thought she was a bit of a bore and they killed her off already thanks house of dragon , good stuff
Definately a great review, and how you explained that the book wasn't exactly how it is going to go. Great first episode.
Whadda MESS!!!  Okay, unlike GOT - most fans read the books so they just had to dramatize the events and catch everyone else up…  Now we have no idea what’s happening (in WOKE world) so one might think they would open with an engaging 3 to 5 minute storyline that introduces us to the main character that has an up coming challenge…  Nope, we get a dozen characters dumped onto the scene that relies on us knowing the Fan Fiction of the original… adjusted for RACIAL AND GENDER politics so we can get THE MESSAGE!!! Blacks need to be cast into an allotment of roles and women are all oppressed and victims… even if they can fly dragons… luckily they don’t assign “gender roles or racial identities to the dragons…  Plenty of room for “diverse” races in GOT and that’s kinda suggested in the original books… sure there could be broader strokes of racial differences amongst the House depending on the geography of the world building (you know, like in REALITY) but they show horn in different races so that each crowd scene looks like the Hollywood phenomenon of “multi-ethnic gangs” 🤨  And then there is this little girl (with a mug you wanna smack for being bitchy) who ALL the previews and trailers TELL US she’s gonna be the 1st Queen of Thorns… so why build the whole 1st episode and make that the “reveal” ???   Naturally there’s a lot of gratuitous nudity and slicing off of body parts… but we don’t really know the context (yet) sooo… it’s just gratuitous…  I can’t wait to find out the fluid “gender identities” to normalize abnormal sexual persuasions to make the Cultural Marxist messaging complete… but I can because I’m done.  Not even GRR Martin’s “seal of approval” means anything because he failed to finish his friggin’ BOOK!!! And he has LOST all credibility as anything more than a randy old guy who has finally fulfilled his dream of becoming a “celebrity” but he’s just the old guy whistling at chics from his Ferrari at this point and we don’t care if HBO bribed him to promote their schlock.
Grey scale too i take that cut
I honestly just come here for the jokes and puns😂 it was a great first episode
were they BLACK TOO THEN The Targaryen's then? dont think any of them were?
Great videos though man !!!!!
Nothng new at all really, little blonde in titled woman and other evil posh people
CGI IS WELL dodgy too, Jesus
They need to stop using the word MAN and Woman, people can see very cleary if they are talking to some one who is either a man or woman, can only get better i hope, NAD THAT BIRTH SCENE, Really really , jesus christ
Thought it was so bland and very boring, take away the dragons and the characters are pretty much very boring, they are like a posh stuck up yuppies with dragons instead of horses , like they being playing polo in today's times!!!!!!
It's poison from his brother. The cutt on his back.
One would think this show was like an apology to how badly GOT ended. My expectations were low, fearing that this might just be a show to bait fans with GOT fanservice, but just from watching the first episode so far, it looks like it's so much more than that. They put a lot of passion into this and that makes me happy. I feel so bad for the queen, she did not deserve that.
I’m disappointed it’s just the last few chapters yet expects you to know intimately the previous chapters
Wowzers
A Morningstar is a type of weapon. Not the weapons name lol
Geralt is Targaryen?
The tone of this is terrible Sounds like a whinger
boring and stupid from the off..............
Were those people actually criminals. It seemed like they were just picking them at random
WOKE GOT spinoff with hobgoblin looking lead female...It's hilarious how much money they are going to make off of the simpletons.
There are too many scenes that are out of focus. They use filters to cover up for something. Hand held camera is rarely a good idea. Lousy lightning. Bad color scales in almost everithing. 90% of the actors look bland.
It took no balls or anything it was quite the opposite all they did was have a checklist of tropes. But none of them were well executed.. you don't have the cast here to save things you don't have Charles Dance walking around stealing scenes.. and the level of sloppy exposition and on-screen text that needs to occur before you even have an idea of where you're supposed to be makes you start giggling before the thing even starts
And the show is so lazy it tried to stuff all of Damon's demonic qualities into one scene rather than take the work and the labor it actually build a character all of those bad things that were written the castration the slitting of noses was done in one slap Dash scene we could barely tell why anything was happening unfortunately it was very obvious that this was slapped together and cash grab.. and the targaryens are so fake and weird looking they look like puppets
Not sure if anyone mentioned this but I think the dagger was also the one that was used in the assasination attempt on Bran
14:30, Milk of the Popy = Opium!
It's a shame Jon Snow never ended up having any impact whatsoever on the white walkers or the uniting of the realm. Seem's weird that they set that up
My favorite scene is the one where stuff happens . Gotta love it . My second would most likely be where the people talked about the thing .
I remember reading in the GoT books about why the throne cuts people. After a quick Google search I found this -  The people of Westeros believed that when the throne cut a king or queen it was a sign that the seat of power was rejecting the monarch, deeming them unfit to rule.
Dude Looks like Vigo the Carpathian in the thumbnail
Is the little girl got a mental disability or what why is her face like that
George the spoil right there
Dragons live again. Terrific start, got the bad taste out of my mouth. Ep. 1 had everything except Emelia Clarke walking naked out of a fire. Heir for a Day was horrifying wow moment. What a cast
14:52 first time seeing an asian in this series.
I liked how jarring it was, and it built up the characters really well
Rhae-nera is the pronunciation
I really enjoyed this premiere!
I didn’t really like the long night talk but it’s not like the white walkers would actually affect the story in anyway.
I get  confused with all the names. How am I supposed to tell the difference between Rhino Tangerine and Rainbow Tangerine. Let alone Demon or is it Demotion or Damian Tangerine.
Why are you giving so many spoilers about what happens moving forward
I found it weird that a jousting match turned into slaughter and everyone was fine with it
In the books it's clear he has chosen his unborn child over his queen..  Rhaenyra said "I hope he was happy for the few hours my brother lived" 🤡 implying he killed her mother for nothing...I don't get why people want to think it was necessary for the queen to be cut and ultimately killed by her ambitious husband
okay but adding in the song of ice and fire prophecy felt hella forced and super cringe was never mentioned in fire and blood and just feels like pandering
have top say, Vysaris does not look the part for me. he looks like he is cheaply cosplaying GOT inside a soap opera...
Poor Queen...she was used as brood mare. 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡 The king didn't even let her decide or even told her she was going to get cut  That was disgusting...if I was Rhaenyra I would've never spoken to him again
They could not have found more different looking actresses not even if they tried. One is too old. The other too young. What a mess.
Seeing Dr. who having sex broke my brain.
I appreciate your analysis. I’m excited to watch this show, despite not having any knowledge from the books.
Hooked me quickly.
She Hulk was indeed mid brother don’t worry.  Great video!
1 thing i hate about the house of targaryen is the family naming each other after one another makes it really hard to understand timelines haha
..
My wife -- a much bigger GoT fan than me -- couldn't watch this. She turned it off half way through, and called it "garbage". She hated the bad CGI, lens flares, blurry action, darkly lit scenes, the soft porn, the excessive violence.  I gave it a go, lasted the whole show. I hated the look of the episode: dour, darkly lit, blurry, some really bad CGI. And I detested the violence. (Which is saying something, as I love Westworld.) But I stayed around for the politics and intrigue.  All up: a  mixed bag. They could lose most of the gratuitous gore and sex and it'd be a better show for it. But they won't, because they (incorrectly) think pandering to young males is a vote winner.
06:58  "Though it was a Queens duty back then to give birth."  I'm glad that's no longer a thing.
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Anyone think the small dragon statue could have been made with blackstone or fused blackstone. Idk it didn’t really look greasy?
SHE HULK WAS SOOO MID HAHAHAHA
I really hope that we still get some white walker/night king content
That Tiffany Smiley attack ad is complete trash and untrue. VOTE PATTY OUT! She’s had enough time in office ans has radically failed Washingtonians. It’s time for change and a new generation to take on the problems that have been ignored by the political class.
Love your communication help me understand soooooo much more, thank you very much 👍🏾
Does anyone even watch this show??? Man, after the GOT ending I was DONE... forever. Count me out. Not going through that again. I wasted YEARS watching that thing... just to be stabbed in the back along with Daenerys.
Rhaenyra not Rhaeneria/Rhaenyria
The birth scene was traumatizing
Milk of the poppy means heroin…
Generic, hollow and superficial. Didn’t like it. Feels like they are trying too hard and failing.  They throw everything at you at once, blood, violence, sex, but behind it is emptiness and lack of ideas. Took me three attempts to finish watching it.
the birth scene was really heartbreaking.
This was such a great first entry, I’m pumped for this season
mmm the King and Hightower girl didn't do it, right? perhaps soon
This episode was....FIIIIIIIYYYYYAAAAA!!!
Great episode !
Meh
the size of the joust tourney for the Targaryens showed how prosperous and happy king's landing was, the joust under Robert showed how in debt and broke the crown became
Thanks for the breakdown.  Loved Episode 1.
Otto Hightower  the little finger of this series
Finally, something worth watching again. The first episode was excellent. Dragons, Kings and Queens. Sundays are back.
spoilers to follow, bitch as ye may: frankly all I had to hear was "forcibly induced c-section after which both mom and baby died" was all I had to hear to NOPE THE FUCK OUT"  Sorry Grrm maybe
It sucked 👎
How can Lord of the Rings series compare to Dance of Dragons? LOR doesn’t even follow Tolkiens books! It’s like they are just using the title and writing a totally different story. Maybe Dave and Dan are incognito and are writing the storyline. So so sad!!!!! DoD is great so far.
its actually not out yet.  so you havent seen it
The eldest sister is trash would've been slaughtered in the streets for her treachery
The man Carries the seed of his family. That’s why the throne should got to a male heir. If a queen takes the throne and has a child, the bloodline of the father is the new line of ruler ship
You missed this. The moment they see sir Cole's face and skin colour, they say "Oh  he's a Dornishman!" but we have a black Valyrian?  So is your look indicative of your origin or not?
You can have a black Valyrian but when someone has a slight tan they go "he's a Dornishman!"?  So are people from the same region supposed to look alike or not?
Why does no one understand how the birth scene worked? She would've died no matter what, whether or not he chose the c-section or not. If they did nothing they'd both definitely die.
that scene while a maester is carrying the baby is kinda fishy
DECEPCIONANTE
The cinematography is fuckkng gorgeous
Here we go again. Wow!
this show is going to have to do a lot better than this first episode.  weak character development relying on gratuitous violence....carefree little teen girls having responsibility thrust upon them...been done many times before.  it had no where near the impact of GOT's first episode.    it felt flat and dull
The birth scene could have been shorter. It would still have the impact and served it's purpose without all that. Overall though I'm interested, fingers crossed.
The scene that had me feel a certain way the birth scene and the random man that got his shlong cut off 👀😬😬😬😬
If you support this franchise after that ending you’re insane
Loved it
Really enjoyed the episode literally just watched it
Your channel is usually the first one I go to after the episode ends but this recap could have been better in my opinion. I wish you had maintained the chronology of events while narrating the recap and also not referred to hints based on the books. The birth scene which was the most gripping in the episode could have been explained in a bit more detail . But looking forward to the next episode breakdown
Rhaenyra: "DRACARYS!"  Cyrax: "Wot, mate, right now?"
Bro how many future episode spoilers are you gonna spill? I had to stop this video. Okay you read the book ... great, now why do you feel the need to tell us half the story before the season is even two episodes deep?
the aegon's dream aka the targ secret was a bad call. shouldve left that out for sure
He didn’t choose his son over his wife, they were both gonna die, his wife would had died regardless because the baby wasn’t coming out naturally, his only choice was trying to save one and giving the other a very painful and scary death
Any idea how many seasons there will be ?
I have a question. Targaryans are into incest. why doesn't the king choose his daughter to be his wife & give him an Heir? Are the Targaryans only into sibling & cousin incest?
This show is fucking Dracarys!
Anyone else annoyed by all the shots taken peeking thru things?
Thanks for the SPOILERS!! chump
Excellent work and look forward to watching each episode of HotD followed by your analysis and details on a weekly basis 👍👌😊
Daemon is the only character I really give a damn about
First episode was pretty good little to much cgi. Great video
Wasn’t ready for the birth scene. Got to remember to get an iron stomach.
Rings of Power is going to flop harder than the havaianas on my feet. There is definitely no competition between House of the Dragon and R.o.p.
I loved this first episode: grit, sex, violence, brings me back to GOT!! Finally!
Maybe the cut foreshadows the future of Drogo and he said "it's just a cut" but that cut got him k1lled sadly. Imagine how GOTs would have been if Drogo made it to at least season 6? I think he would have allowed Danny to take charge and they would have birthed a dynasty. Even a small cut could hinder the dragons. that is just mi thoughts :) yall keep safe out there
This was everything that was good about GoT
Adding a little clip from family guy or some other show, or making fun of your own shitty jokes doesnt recover it for you. Comedy is still garbage jokes as always, but good information and insight to the first episode though
Great start, agreed though, that battle / birth scene was beyond graphic!
Daemon's dragon is badass I can tell!!
Loved it. Hated the birth, super traumatic and could’ve used a trigger warning at the beginning. Went through something in that vein last February and shit, was definitely squirming and fighting back tears. Yet onward we go
The amount of detail and lore they just packed in one Episode is crazy. I really, really enjoyed the Episode!
Do we have any idea how many seasons we can expect? Judging from the book?
The girl looks like the results of inbreeding   Enjoyed your Better Call Saul,   So now you are my eyes & ears for GOT spin off
How did the son die?
Jon snow is NOT and was never the song of ice and fire, it was Deny and the writer of the book has said it couple of times idk why people still consider it to be Jon. not everything is about him!
talk about shilly. "bit disappointed in season 8 of GoT" like season 8 wasnt trash. and season 7 wasnt also
Brilliant first episode loved it
How good do the costumes and sets look! Shame Matt Smith has a monotone face
The quality of the CGI on the dragons and those city vistas wasn’t very good. I never actually watched the original GOT show. Was the CGI as bad over there too? Apart from that, this was a good episode.
Deeply uncomfortable viewing in parts. It’s a no.
i was bored -- didn't make it through the whole episode...    give us more john snow please.  This is just blah.
Mate, it's 'Rhaenyra' and 'Mysaria'. 🤦‍♂️
this show was amazing. cant wait to see how it plays out. also she hulk was less then mid
The parallels with the show in comparison to GOT are stunning and ironic. Will there be an Uncle + Niece Industrious relationship like Danny & Jon which was Aunt + Nephew?
I love your quirky jokes. Really sets the channel apart!
I don’t know I wouldn’t be too upset over Emma and her baby dying her only surviving child will eventually get eaten by a dragon so there’s that
😊 you did with Spoilers 😉❤️
I t was very well done, unlike lotr will be by super woke bezos.
Didn't watch it, still tryna feel it out
Should I say it? yah....Living in this modern day and age in the States, I'm so glad women are not forced by men to go through a pregnancy that might kill them....oh wait...nevermind.
Nobody pronounces "Dracarys" like Daenerys!!!
Season 6-8 of GOT SUUUUUCKS!! THIS episode was 🔥 🔥 🔥
At first I was like. Whats Sir Davos doing here?
small note, I believe it's pronounced Ray-neer-ah rather than Ray-neer-iya (not trying to be an a-hole, just noticed you said it a few times). Keep up the great work, love your vids
He didn’t choose the baby over his wife. He had a difficult decision bc she was gonna die either way
Does anyone know if Daenerys Targaryen knew the prophecy that a Targaryen had to be on the throne for the world to survive?
The part were the king told the secret to his daughter that has been passed for many generation since aegon the conquerer about the 'long night'... I couldn't help but cringe, because we know how it all went down in GoT s8. Retard and retard destroyed the ending of this franchise and in doing so tainted any impact spin offs may have on the story. The set up just doesn't work as well as it should've because of this.
WOKE SHIT
The scene where the carriage travels down the streets of Kings Landing was actually filmed at the Main Square in Trujillo, Spain, which looks very much like that in real life (believe me, I've been there a couple fo times). The main difference is that the statue of the dragon is actually a statue of Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro, who was born in Trujillo centuries ago.
First episode is a solid entry to the first spinoff and I genuinely do believe the goodwill from GoT will carry over, even with people who were upset at the quality of the last few seasons
all good until otto asks her daughter to put on her mother's dress to meet viserys
No way lord of the wok will match this!
The baby dying with no explanation made zero sense. Is it revealed in books or other lore?  Might as well be alive and hidden from the realm but what would be reasons to do it?
EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow they skipped allot of material
S8 was A little disappointing , bro it was a cluster fu*k disgusting 😂
Won’t be watching this identity politics bullshit show
It was boring 🤢 I was hoping for a character like bran “the crippler”
Could the king die of gangrene and be Mountainized to live as undead by the Maesters, just to keep the throne occupied?
pootentially, lol
Danny really deserved the throne after looking at this they done her so dirty
Ive learned my lesson with GoT and every damn film/show the MCU has put out in Phase 4: I'll wait until all the reviews are in before I waste time. I could overlook GoT but not the continuous crap Marvel has been pooping out.
Is this not MR HEAVY SPOILER MAN….why don’t you release this same video with all the actual spoilers from the book explains what is to come and who dies along with the twist
I also thought gray scale
Good job on the video. Quick note for the future: her name is pronounced RAY-NEAR-A, not RAY-NEAR-EE-A.
Sucked as I expected. Rather watch gay porn than this crap
If it weren't for all of the incest, it would have been a decent time period to live.   Westeros- the Alabama years.
Also it was said that if you cut yourself on the Iron Throne, then you was unfit to be king.
amazing first episode ❤️👏🏻🐉
Best recap ever! I think this is going to be great series!
Heavy spoilers > emergency awesome
Geralt of Rivia, Drizzt Do'Urden, the entire Targaryen race... all cheap Elric knock offs.
18:24 She-Hulk sucked? I havent watched it yet but did you get static because it was good and you didn't think so or it was bad and you didn't think so?
Honestly I am sort of glad they showed the childbirth scene cause in my opinion as a guy sometimes we don’t give women the props for having to deal with one of the worst physical pains anyone can experience.
15:13 is the only part I didn't like about the show. Saying "Dracarys" in this show was stupid. Reason being that Dani never said she chose those words because her ancestors did (at least I don't recall). Therefore there is no way that the old Targaryeans and Dani had any specific connection to this word. I would have liked it better if they the old Targaryeans said something else in high Valyrian (i.e. burn, destroy, etc...)
Good 1st episode.
Dude you missed the oportunity to put the face of Cyrax on the dragon at 4:17 (yeah i mean the one and only from MK)
Did you notice Jamie Lannister ?
I thought Viserys was playing a plot to save his baby son from enemies by burning a baby covered by the cloth. Is it only me who is thinking like this. Or the baby was really dead?
Wrong! The most heartbreaking scene was GOT season 5 episode 1 White Rat at the brothel. He just wanted to cuddle. 🥺
Low quality cgi
Are people making themselves like HOTD?... Kept reminding me of the wannabe GOT-style shows on Starz, Netflix, Hulu, etc.
The brutality shown during this peaceful time has me amped for when the bad blood really starts flying.  The criminal round up and tournament fights really set one hell of a tone.
The first episode was pretty good. I was really excited for the episode and looking forward to the series. I hope the producers learned from the end of GOT and not ruin the show with a terrible ending. Great hood. With this video not spoiling any plot of the show.
Considine not "Constantine". Ridiculous.
As always great video. Your puns at top notch. Still not a fan of how modern day political and social movements caused an ASOIF character to be transitioned to look he came from the Summer Isles. But eh what do I know, not like ive been studying ASOIF lore for over 10 years.
Yeah, somebody should've looked at Matt Smith in costume (w/ hair) before they cast him. He looks like a muppet version (soft and cuddly) of his character role instead of someone with grit and menace. His fight scenes are comical. I don't like the casting for most of the roles -- the only ones they got right are Paddy Considine and Graham McTavish. The dragons look good though.
Yea Otto pissed me clean off tryna Pimp his daughter to the king..   Like fam really don’t give a fuck.. and Daemon seems like the rebellious cool uncle lol he violent but he’ll protect his family by all means.. but I also feel he’ll do something to Rhaenyra to get the throne 😭😭
You said “Alicent is the hand of the king’s daughter” 😂 instead of daughter of the king’s hand
She hulk mid was the best thing I’ve heard in a minute
This episode is what peak GoT made me feel. Really good, can’t wait for the rest!
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥lets GO!
Can you do a video on the Targaryen family tree up until dany
Calling shehulk mid is giving it too much credit
the ep. was gruesome.
How many episodes will there be? Looking forward to binge watching it all
Dad jokes for the win!
Daemon reminds me of Ramsey Bolton
Thanks for not giving away the plot line. I just watched another episode 1 breakdown video and dude spoiled who will be with who and what will happen in the series. Horrible.
From Westworld, I’m back for house of the dragon analysis!
Too many commercials.
Why does the brother have no eyebrows....very distracting. Loving the show so far but the blonde wigs are bad.
It’s always bigger on the inside 🤣🤣🤣🤣.  And I still don’t know what the round things are 🤷🏾‍♂️
they/them hulk was shit
All I got from the birth scene and the way they spliced it with the tournament was “we some savages out here” and then I cried a little (very sympathetic tv watcher)
Didn’t love the exposition at the end rule number one of writing is show don’t tell but other then that it was amazing
I just hope this show isn’t more than 3 seasons.
House of Power and Rings of the Dragons :D
More dragons, brutal bloodshed and royal dysfunction -I’m hooked.
The Greens vs Blacks was NOT Daemon vs Rhaenyra.. Deamon and Rhaenyra are both on the blacks side
The ending seems a bit far fetched, at the end of got season 8 sam calls the whole story "a song of ice and fire"...  and now they tell us that it's actually a prophecy from aegon himself? pick a reason please and then stick with out.  but besides that i thought it was pretty good
Maybe lighter on the (bad) jokes next time? At least for serious shows. Shared this before watching, but now when watching it together with ScreenCrush's or EmergencyAwesome's, it's a "no" (and one of those has a talking dog).
The name is pronounced con-sid-dine not con-sti-tin.  It’s Irish not Italian.
Ending explained? What's there to explain, it was pretty straightforward.
She hulk is absolutely mid
Episode 1 genuinely surpasses any of my expectations.
I appreciate the Doctor Who jokes... I LOVE the series premiere and think it is very effective!
He doesn’t choose his unborn son over his wife, he chose one, rather than to lose both.
12:44 “a doctor who appreciated she was bigger on the inside”
Lmao best cut scenes 🤣 great breakdown thanks
When daemon says how men of the vale shag sheep rather than their wives because their so ugly its clearly mirroring jokes about welshmen doing the same thing especially since the vale is a place in wales
Viserys wife was gonna die either way sadly.
The dragon on Got looke much better that the one i saw Rhaenyra rode. It looked fake
what are those spheres in the table?
Much better than season 8 already, I'm looking forward to the rest of the show!
👍🏽
error around 16:04. The greens and the blacks aren't between Rhaenyra and Daemon. Its between Rhaenyra and Aegon ii(Aliecent's future Son who she had with Viserys)
Lord of The Rings will crash and burn on the first night.
He got cut by the iron throne cause he is not a worthy king or death is soon to come for the king/queen . In the book Joffrey, Cersei and a few other kings where cut buy it and after terrible things happened.
This was top notch!   She Hulk is garbage.
i love it
Gray McTavish is in 2 big franchises at the same time while impressive
The only complaint I have is Baratheon armour didn't have antlers
Thanks
My God... that birth scene... I'm a doctor, and I'm generally not squeamish, but I actually had to stop the video and restart it a few minutes later. It was intense.
Noice 👍
Your Robert Baratheon is 10/10 my guy 🤓
Hello paul, i want to recommend you o watch "davinci demons" series and break down it, trust me it really deserves to be watched at least one time.
What are the marble balls  they use in the small counsel
Damon was a dirty tilter and I'm surprised they allowed tripping a horse in a joust.
I thought it was ok, bit slow, bit of violence for the sake of violence… but the wigs the wigs the sea snakes was great, the princesses wigs st times was terrible, the little black girls wig during the tournament was terrible, the dying birthing queen was terrible. The valerian Dialect was really cool, speaking to the dragons the dragon keepers that was awesome, the crack baby dragon cyrax the extra king neck and wings on hind legs.. overall I think it will be a great show
I don't think he had a choice the choice was have them both die or save the baby and lose the mom. Either way mom was gonna die.
When I heard baby Baelon gurgle after birth, likely drowning from the blood from the medieval C-section, knew he was good as dead.  Heartbreaking, brutal af.  And the dude puking in the arena after seeing a face bashed in and the labor screams. Summed up some feelings well. Then having "the queen who never was" give out the 3rd degree burns of "these fools have never seen war".    Dramatic. Captivating. Hooked.
This was an excellent video. I'm glad I stumbled upon this channel.
It was brutal, beautiful and amazing. Great that GoT is back.
I enjoyed the episode, can’t wait to see how it progresses
Definitely felt pity for the king. He didn't kill his wife, he just made the choice to save the baby.  Definitely looking forward to how this series plays out.
I watched that scene a few times. He’s clearly told that ‘he can save one or lose both.’ They never clearly say that only the son can be saved. Instead, the Maester kinda pressures the King to choose his son over wife.
Faith and love in this show restored!
Glad they aren't using Weiss and Benioff to write this show, given how much of this show will rely on "fill-in-the-blank" characterizations and events, moreso than GoT needed to. The first episode was extremely solid, yet I'm slightly worried about this whole prophecy thing which alludes to the events of GoT. It sounds like that is going to be a crutch to invest the GoT fans, and a major plot device. I'd rather hear more about what's happened BEFORE the events of this show, rather than hearing allusions to what we've already seen. Much of what drew me in with GoT's characters where the stories told about them during the events of Robert's Rebellion and such. It established a richness to the characters that supplemented their on-screen presence.
Am I the only one that realized he was the king of the thrown for only 10 years meaning the princess is 10. Someone please LMK if I’m wrong.
I loved this episode it’s was a great way to kick off the story!
I believe King Viserys I is suffering from Grayscale. It could also explain his decision to have the son at all costs; even at the cost of his wife's life.   At some point, just before he made the decision, he looked like his senses had been addled. Grayscale does that too.
I'm hyped
Really loved returning to the world I became so captivated by with the original series. The acting in this episode was excellent and HBO definitely didn't hold back on the production values. Really excited to see where they go with this being they have a bit more freedom than the original series did. Keep Weiss and Benioff away and I'll be back for more every Sunday from now until forever.
Syrax looks way cool!
Does anyone think the king might have that greystone disease?   It sure looked familiar to me. Leads me to wonder if he'll make it at the end of the season..
"She Hulk was mid" 🤣🤣 why did you have to BODY them like that?!
In this single episode I went from 'Matt Smith isn't right in this role' to 'Matt Smith actually nails it.'.
doesn't Daemon steal a egg for the girl from the brothel that he knocked up? The same one he leaves with, instead of going to his wife like his brother commanded him too
I honestly thought this episode was kinda mid. I mean I assume we'll other non Targaryens in other locales but the show seemed small that only focused on maybe 3 people in place.
Jeeez, HBO really has great writers... so much packed in one EP
Otto directing his Daughter to visit the King after his Wife's & Son's death made me squirm as much as all the gore shown in the tournament and the round-up the night before. I'm not a GOT fan but I Respect the IP and enjoyed how the story developed in the 1st ep = will stick around for the next.
Great video!
I haven't had a chance to finish the episode yet but I did watch about half of it before I got called away and I am very excited to be able to finish the episode. I'm already looking forward to the rest of the season and I hope this series has a long run and has a proper ending to go with the beginning of the series.  Thank you for all your great videos I have enjoyed watching them all ever since I found your channel fairly recently.
The queen is gay
Shame it's not available for a wider audience not going to Sub to sky just for one program
A round of applause to whoever is applying the blonde whigs. Absolutely no edges showing at all.. 👏👍💯
Lol. Imagine having Daemon as the New York District Attorney.
Why do they have to bring bl@ck people in every tv show and movie? That guy has nothing to do with GOT.
Gruesome scenes, characters death....GOT has truly arrived!
it's a fucking reskin of the other one. except with less substance and less character development...  it's got dragons and easter eggs, so consoomers are gonna consoom.
who else felt even more robbed by Dumb and Dumber after the king spoke about Aegon the conquerors dream he called a song of ice and fire? well it made me angry all over again how they raped the series out of greed!!!
The white walkers are taking time to plan their own defeat
Paul: one little correction I noticed.. King Viserys doesn't have to choose between his wife or the newborn baby. The baby is breeched and the mother will lose too much blood during the Ceasarean Section. There is mention of a 50/50 chance of the mother's life being saved but King Viserys basically only has one choice. Both for the situation and for the safety of the realm. 🙏
Anyone get the feels that the Rhaenrya Targaryen actress is an intentionally-cast, discount Daenerys Targaryen?
I know how it all ends…. And I’m still riding with the king of the Step Stones. TEAM DAEMON
This episode was so damn good. I can’t wait to watch more. After the horrible taste season 8 left in a lot of our mouths it’s great to see that this show is a lot like the source material.
I loved this episode! I went into it not expecting a lot and it exceeded my expectations! Excited for more!
Great Breakdown!
'House of the Dragon', 'Rings of Power', 'The Witcher', 'Shadow and Bone', and 'The Wheel of Time'.  Streaming tv apps really trying to tell us something these days huh.  Good recapp.  Thought you were a bit too heavy on the spoilers but I guess you cant be surprised by that aspect here.  Hopefully the show continues down the right path.
Spoilers     But I had a feeling Otto pawning off Alicent on the King was weird. It was just how he phrased it that made me raise an eyebrow. So then I googled the Targaryen family tree and boom my suspicions were correct.
The way Rhaenyra says dracarys had me spitting fire 🔥🔥🔥
Anyone else notice how when she was flying her dragon and the bells were ringing… and she didn’t feel the need to murder the city for no reason? Safe to say these writers are so much better than D&D
13:15... *FEAR* The *FLAIL* Wielder!
Walking in to see Daemon sitting on the throne is reminiscent of Ned finding The Kingslayer sitting there after...well, slaying the king. Slaying his btother is also eluded to later this episode.
I know you think you singing that song was bad but it got me fucking good lmao.
Not having a Targaryen on the throne may explain why the night king and white walkers chose that time to wake up. That was a question not really answered in GOT. Or it’s a better answer than they woke up just to kill Bran/3 eyed raven.
I really loved this episode, what makes it even great that we don’t get this type of shows everyday. I will definitely be watching every episode when it drops and your breakdowns for sure
I have never watched GOT. Can I watch this series?
I think the entire "Song of Fire and Ice" prophecy passed down from king to king is to tie it directly to the original series.  As a consequence of the "Dance of Dragons", this knowledge will most likely be lost which would have a direct effect Danny, John et all.
Targaryens targaryens targaryens..  After listening to just 2/3 of this video I am already sick of targary and characters.... And being that character development in variety was a big part of the success if not the biggest of the original series, They had better stretch out past the targaryens.... They should only be no more than 25% of the mix for character development purposes... But it seems as though they will be 80%.
One of the best episodes ever imo bc of how well put together it was. Introduced lore, but not by overusing exposition. No time wasted learning where each council members allegiances and enmities lie. Hint at future conflict by ignoring Corlis concerns over the trade along the step stones. Then ya got Otto trying to get King V to grief clap his daughters cheeks to promote his status and how mad Daemon will be when he finds out. All from just 1 episode!  One my favorite parts tho was when I believe Syrax torched the bodies. Dragon was told to but legit looked sad and like it didn’t wanna do it. But knew it had to.
Make John snow king !! I loved how they spoke of the dream which BARELY comes to fruition because John and Danny are literally the only 2 targarians left in the future . It was cool to see where the dagger came from as well . Although it makes me wonder why the mad king did not pass on his knowledge of the dream / burden to his children as Danny took a lot convincing to believe John about the white walkers . I cant wait for the next show 10,000 ships about the Roynar fleeing the targarians
I seen to be in the minority here, but I hated it. The story itself, isn't bad. But why is EVERYTHING so clean? Even the horse and carriage looked like a Disney world prop. The wigs were HORRIBLE.  Idk, it's missing the grittyness this universe is supposed to have🤷🏻‍♂️
Matt Smith also played Prince Philip in the Crown. He just can't help but play an incestuous, aristocratic member of a Royal family.
So was the king and his dead wife brother and sister?
Yeah, the birth scene was brutal. The production values on this show are through the roof - I like it.
Wow, what a brutal, but compelling start to this series. The brutality of the Gold Cloaks, then then the tourney is minor compared to the birth. I could barely watch it.  I sincerely hope the show runners are able to continue building this part of the lore up, and hopefully not fall into the same hole GoT’s later seasons fell into.
I don't watch the show but Matt Smith can't not look like Matt Smith. It takes me out of the moment
Ice= walkers  Fire = Daenerys 172 years before Daenerys not before Aegon they could have mentioned him he is a Targaryens the exclusion clearly shows favor for Daenerys being the prince who was promised Jon had no power in the war against the walkers all he did was ask the right person for help taking credit for that is like me taking credit for telling LeBron to dunk the ball
I thought it was a great start! Wish I could've hung in there with the books lol. Also really hoping they come through with the  Jon Snow series ♥️
I didn't believe the show would be interesting but I was sure wrong
Did any one else get lotr vibes from the Intro? The narrator sounded like Cate Blanchett
Great pilot with a LOT to get on the table, and it definitely succeeded in achieving this. Sets everything up to come very nicely and keeps the shocks coming, of course the birth scene was traumatic but Daemon and the gold cloaks taking off the guys testicles gave me the collywobbles as well. Very excited for the rest of the season.
It’s an amazing start to a show!
Daemon has repressed black air force energy vibes and I'm all for it.
Exceeds all expectations.
Thought it was awesome! had the best time catching up to everything
I think Targaryens are probably the people that were killing off the race of those who created the Night King. They were behind it I mean.
Could be just me but there's no likeable characters.
in 7:06 you see the Baratheon flag behind Sir Criston Cole. It's WRONG ahahah because the Stag as a crown in is neck that is only spouse to happen when Robert becomes the King. 😅😅😅i'm such a nerd...
A weirwood being in Kings Landing is cool…they were cut down by King Robert’s time…
I love your reviews, and yes even the puns! Thank you and your team for all the hard work!
This is the show that introduced me to you, and you used to go by "definition". Look at you now, Mr. Influencer!
I am sure that Rings of Power will be dead on arrival if this series continues to be this good. And I cant believe it but I am hyped for GoT again. Never thought I would be after Season 8
This was very good……….FOR ME TO POOP ON!!! -Triumph
Paddy Considine not Constantine
I was on the fence about subscribing to HBO Max, but will after viewing this breakdown. Thank you!
Big Spoiler: The last Season of this series will suck big time 😞
Thanks for the info
I am IN LOVE with Daemon 😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️❤️🥰🥰🥰
It was wonderful to have the world of ASOIAF on Sunday nights again.
Broooooo!!!! WE ARE BACK TO WESTEROS!
It was mostly quite boring I felt like the excessive gore was thrown in there to disguise this fact
I honestly think the wound on King Veserya is greyscale.  With the closeup of the puss totally means it's greyscale!
I'm the rare person who liked season 8, just think it was too condensed. Man, if y'all were butthurt over Dany having a bad ending, wait.
Was bored the whole time. And CGI was rushed / just as bad as She hulk trailers. Nother flop in progress
This was 10/10 quality TV. Let’s just hope they don’t “season 8” it 😉😂
Matt Smith is so miscast, just not believable in the role at all.
black Targaryens..lol
Fuck MCU, fuck DC. There is only one universe to watch . Ice and Fire rocks, man!
The whole time I was watching I was saying daemon was going to be the mad king
Really loved this episode
Anyone else notice the baby didn't cry after being birthed???
So I dont get the whole baby thing.  Priest tells him you have a boy, you hear it crying, he names it.  Then the next scene its suddenly dead??? WTF
Liked the episode, hate seeing the weak response to the Kings decision tho. Of course I see braindead takes on reddit saying the "feel for the Viserys" and everyone caping for him saying "he had no choice she was going to die either way." The horror isn't his decision, it's that he was a spineless bastard who didn't bother to explain to his wife what was happening. The least he could do for her in her final moments. That's the most brutal part, the scene is supposed to highlight how incompetent he is lol.
I know the storyline already but it’s amazing having those actors execute the roles so perfectly in addition to the production. It’s A class. Better than Season 1 Episode 1 GOT.
20min in the first ep and still not hooked the cast is way off
I love me some Paddy Constantine 😁  Loved the episode. This is going to be a really great show.
I loved it, they set up the show well without overwhelming us.
no matter how good this is........... whole point of this was to prepare for "long night". This wat drives the story forward...... and provide the sense of thrill while u read about every boring details of houses. But now since we aldy know how it ends with such a shitty season. This will never ever work as a prequel...... maybe will be appreciated as its own thing
Good review.
Your narration is about as dry as the book. I couldn't make it past 5 minutes . Hopefully you can work on that cuz I want to like your content
Caraxes' design looks like the Banshees(Ikran) in Avatar.
it's so boring.
I was good but the knight jousting junk seemed too much like a midevil tournament on steroids.  It seemed to take me out of the story.  the birth scene was much but seemed more in line with the story,
Otto reminds me of a powerful “Little Finger”. But something or someone else. I loved it. I watched it on my DVR and don’t know what to watch now. How do you follow that? Not Rings. That’s pitiful. “Go broke”. I thought Valerian the dreads skull looked much bigger than I remembered.
Anyone else bamboozled at the fact this was posted 30 minutes after the episode ended
10/10 episode.
Right I've just watched it and Im slightly confused did the baby actually die? Or is he being kept a secret somewhere safe
He did choose the male baby over his wife. The maester told him he could save the baby or lose both. His wife was dead regardless of what they did. Trying to save the baby was the only choice he had.
Miguel Sapochnik directed the Battle of the Bastards and I think Hardholm in GOT, is that right?
Yay for Matt Smith!
love the token black dude. so cheesy.
As a mother watching the “birth” was harsh…but probably accurate for the times. Though the scene was fictional, women dying on birthing beds before modern medicine isn’t news to anyone .  I just hated how no one asked the queen her opinion before they butchered her up. But, such was life and her and Baelon’s deaths were necessary to move the plot forward.
It was ok. I think they could have had a cold opening with some action. I also thought they'd have a B-plot but it is the 1st episode.  Lol that Soldier Boy jingle you sang at the start was hilarious.
Arya "ended" the long night in the show. So, the prophecy is useless. I choose to think that this better refers to set up the  Winds of Winter book, instead of the show. Since George is helping writing it.
It was a good first episode. Not the level of the GoT pilot but still. I expected it to be far worse. Hope they can build on it.
I sure get tired of reading people's butt-hurt about season 8 -- yeah, it was way too rushed and definitely could have used 9 or 10 seasons. But most of the butt-hurt is just about people having gotten their feelings hurt by the ending. But it was the right ending, and Daeny losing her shit and torching everything is how the books are going to end (if they get finished) -- there's was a ton of foreshadowing so you should have seen it coming; and, you know, if you thought it was going to have a happy ending, you hadn't been paying attention.   There were 3 or 4 superb seasons, and some really great episodes here and there in the seasons that weren't so great, but crybabies hate it all now because the ending didn't follow their little pet theories.
I'm on the fence about it. I'll be watching the next ones though.
The cut on the king back looks like gangrene…
10:02 the only big mistake so far is that there can't be a weirwood tree on the god'swood of King's Landing. They were all cut down by the andals south of the neck. Some remained, like the one at High Garden, in the Isle of Faces at the God's eye, and at the seat of House Blackwood Raventree, but the tree is dead, but still standing.
If you enjoy watching drawn out corporate zoom talks with a bunch of plastic, forgettable individuals in bad wigs, then this show is for you
The woman and the kid would have died otherwise right?
Could Daemon end up becoming the night king?
House of the really bad blonde wigs. I just cannot with every fake wig that they have attached to the head on non-blonde actors and actresses. Everyone looks like they are getting ready to go to a LOTR dress up party as Legolas.  What a disaster already. Seriously.
I'm getting the word No..........
Top show top review welcome back GoT
I believe the reason Maester Aemon Targaryen choose the Nights Watch over the Throne was because of the Targaryen secret that King Viserys tells Princess Rhaenyra.
I don’t why but am hoping for a sequel that’ll be 200 years or so after the original series
You don’t know that is the same “Dragon bone” dagger that kills the Knight king
They rocked it first episode looks like this will be a show runner
Pretty good first episode, but I haven't read the book so no idea if it's a good adaptation. Matt Smith was great.
this show again made me furious how the last season of GOT was done
16:00 You have that wrong. The greens and the blacks isn't between Daemon and Rhaenyra. It's between Rhaenyra and Alicent Hightower. Spoilers for what's to come. Don't continue reading if you want to be surprised in the show.  Alicent marries Viserys and gives birth to multiple sons and challenges Rhaenyra for the throne. The greens supported Aegon II or Aegon the elder for the throne. Alicent and Viserys son. The blacks supported Rhaenyra and her son Aegon III or Aegon the younger. It's not Daemon vs Rhaenyra. In fact those two get married. And in fact it's rumored Daemon is the one who takes Rhaenyras virginity which the show will likely make it so as well as likely make it so that Rhaenyras sons are really bastards sired by Ser Harwin Strong instead of her first gay husband.  This show is going to get real fucked up lol
That subscribe quip was so funny that I actually did it for once.
honestly this first episode was better than the whole of season 8. great start looking forward to this
Gonna be a keeper
They actually did it. Watching it, I felt as If I'm watching early seasons of Got. This one has MUCH better costumes though. Loved it. Also, it turned out that Viserys is weak king afterall, had he been the strong king, he would have had Daemon killed by his guard in throne room to prevent civil war. :D Great analyses and looking forward for next episodes.
Wow. My expectations for this first episode were not high but it ROCKED!
I loved this episode especially when they speak high Valyrian! I liked how the dragon keepers also speak Valyrian. Thanks for your breakdown!!
not enough HAHA clips , come on man , give us more :)
her name is Rhaenyra... how fkn hard is it? hahahaha
Some HoTD characters give GoT vibes:   Rhaenyra Targaryen- Daenerys, Alicent Hightower- Missandei, Daemon- Sandor Clegane + Ramsay Bolton, Otto Hightower- Littlefinger, King Viserys- Ned Stark   Isn't it?
Not really feeling this as I did with the very first episode is GOT..!
Loved the first episode and all the imagery evoking memories of the original series. The only thing I think this video potentially misinterpreted was the scene where the king is being told by the doctor what his options are regarding the queen's birthing difficulties. The king doesn't choose his son over his queen. He was basically told she was going to die either way. So he makes the decision to try and save his son instead of losing them both, which sadly happens anyway. The only selfish thing he did imo was not tell his wife what was about to happen. He let her be terrified because he kept her in the dark.
All rather pointless when we all eventually know that no one has a better story than Bran the Broken.
I got the impression the king could not feel pain. Cut on finger and playing with candles
That baelon birth scene😬😨
It is amazing how gullible and easily manipulated today's audiences are. Throw in some memberberries, and they bite. Never mind this is a PREQUEL and we already know it will NOT END WELL! Nope, let's pretend it is going to be "good" because they told us it will. Pathetic.
I hope they redeem GOT with this prequel.
I had more fun with she-hulk and that is super sad 😭 i felt it was so boring and was missing some type of Tyrion character or any Lannisters. And the fact it was always the same place without the fun of other cultures like khaleesi really made worse.
I wish i had not read the books
The first episode was AMAZING! Can't wait for more.
That crisp "dracarys" from Rhaenyra tho...
Not on the level of GOT's first episode but decent.
Yes yes, both mother and child would have died...but it was the choice to brutally put his wife through that straight up murder that got me like 😳😱😬!!!!  Setting the bar real high on just the first episode.  This is gonna be rough.
The c-section scene was more gruesome than anything from the boys
It was pretty mid
I'm sad that there's was no that unique chilling dragon sound effect after Dracarys was ordered.
Showrunners : How many times you wish to see the characters mention 'The Prince that was Promised'?  HBO : YES...
awesome
Thanks for watching this crap so I don't have to ! 👍
White dreadlocks look funky as hell :D
The ending previews show a crown before Rhaenarys. That means season One will probably end with Viserys dying, and Alicent Hightowers and her father plotting to put her children on the throne while Rhaenarys is giving birth on Dragonstone resulting in a still birth but her fathers crown being smuggled to her as she’s coronated in defiance of the Hightowers plot
Whoa! So King Aegon foresaw the fall of Man???? That was hinted at in the books but the show runners actually said George RR Martin wanted it to be outrightly said! 👁👄👁
I'll give myself permission to skip my HOTD history z knowing how retarded it all ends.. ... .
definitely a spinoff, that was cheap as hell.
Great first episode,I loved the nod to winter is coming aswell.
I recommend everyone to check out Alt Shift X for more involved discussion of the show
5:36 “hand of the king’s daughter”
George RR Spoilins.... 🙈 the episode was Great.... and yes your jokes aren't all bad either
I would absolutely want to be the cupbearer. The numbers of things you can hear and learn from being there is infinite.
Honestly I think people are upset about 8 because they finally saw GOT wasn’t a happy ending story but a villains origin story, the mad queen. Just like the new series will not be a happy ending story clearly if the family is almost extinct.
He did not pick his son over her they were both going to die. He should have told her that so she knew the reason
19:34 🥸
Dude just spoiling king’s and Alicent relationship
That cesarean scene though
After the big FU that was season 8 of GOT. I won't be watching any show based on JRR Martin's works. I'm done.
cool summary. agree with you that it's placed us right back in there very quickly. i'm into it.
Your dad jokes are sharp. I love them.
Mention of Nymeria also allows them to advertize their Thousand Ships show.
That C-section scene was brutal, as a woman who had 2...I could never imagine my husband having that right to make that call. It was almost jarring and hit many ways . The hype is real with me though! I loved the episode and I am 100% reinvested in Westeros!
1st episode was fantastic. Loved it. Hopefully the rest of the season is just as good. From the footage shown so far it looks like it will be.
Maybe now Matt Smith will get the credit he deserves as a really great actor. Always will be my Doctor
~ Great Episode 10/10 ! ~
Yeahhhhhh I’m all in on this one. I can already tell there’s going to be a few moments in later episodes where my jaw touches the ground. Currently sweeping my floor in preparation
The most anticipated show of the year did not disappoint and of course this show will make GoT look stupid! It’s George and Ryan Condal not Dan & Dave. If you’re unaware who Ryan Condal is I highly recommend streaming his last show Colony over at Netflix
Just wanted to say he didn’t choose his son over his wife, the Maestor made it pretty clear that the queen would die either way.
ya season 8 was bad at the end
She Hulk is trash
He didnt have to choose between wife and baby, he had to choose, baby, or they both die. The maester stated that during the scene.
Whenever Daemon is in a scene, my eyes are glued to him. Great start, HOTD!!!
how old is rhaenyra targaryen in episode 1
Great review...with 1 exception...I find the frequent cuts of brief clips of other videos distracting, annoying  and not funny...just stick to the narrative of the episode...
I definitely thought it was grayscale as well, especially with the way the maester was acting uncertain. So hyped to have GOT content again!!
Kind of wish they didn’t cut out all the backstory
I noticed what was fun is the council members seem more series and competent and you just don't go willy nilly replacing them with puppets like they did in GoT. They seemed to have some real power. Not saying which is better but I like that they changed that up. However, I find myself really missing a "Tyrion" like character. This show so far dosn't seem to have the light heartedness of GoT. And one final thing for me. I have watched so many reactions to GoT, I am amazed at how hard it is to get back into a series like this that you don't already know whats going to happen. LOL. I am going to have to watch it over a time or two because I am sure I missed a lot.
Daemons helmet is way too much in my opinion lmao armor is still cool tho
Too bad they didn’t give them purple eyes
I’m not getting sucked back in after what they did to us last time 😭 I refuse!
I’m really lost
gonna say it now Deamon is gonna be the Jamie of this show
Winter is bussin
What an amazing episode and sets up the series perfectly.  Great overview and new sub!
I enjoyed the first show. I like The Queen that never was. I'm interested in her. Why did king versaris pick his nephew over his sister actually he let others pick his nephew.
usually not a fan of the puns but that doctor who one? pure genius. Lol 😂
Making fun of your own jokes a bit much..
I guess I'll be watching your channel after every episode.
11:01 honestly shocked you didn’t mention tetanus
It just felt like more of the same nothing new or inspiring here
Did not pick up on the sexual tension, nasty
There were hardly any emotions when the child and mother died. Filmed the wrong way. Poor episode all the way. Needs to get better.
Respectful this episode was better then the entire last season of GOT...This show is gonna be epic
When Otto Hightower told his daughter to put on one of her mother's dresses and go comfort the King...... he knew what he was doing.
I don’t think it’s greyscale, I think it’s poorly healing wounds from diabetes
🔥
Fantastic already making me feel better about the horrible ending in GOT this show is gonna be awesome
We know how this one is supposed to end, GRR Martin actually finished this book.
Went in with low expectations, left feeling excited for the future of the series. Wish they didn’t try to play on the GOT nostalgia so much “theme song” I feel HOD can stand in its own two feet.
Well done. I’m already hooked
Really good-surprisingly
i think they miscast many of the important roles. was daemon a mongoloid in the books or is the actor just a little special? if they wanted to give him a freakish frankenstein look why do they try to present him as some heart throb? he looks like a serial rapist from the joker universe. i really dont get the creative choices made here. i only watched it to see more of the architecture and i guess it paid off with violence but i dont like any character.
Dracarys!!!!!
Im sorry but there was no targaryen o the throne for the night king, but a lannister
The first episode was good I’ll give it that. It’ll have me watching it. I just hope it stays good :)
It's a powerful episode in a vacuum, but every call forward felt like a twist of that knife.
The king didn't choose his unborn son over his wife. He only had two choices. It was save the baby or lose both. That's how it was in ancient times aswell.
Anyone elses HBO max tripping? I clicked to watch and it took me back to home screen every time
Otto basically pumping out his own daughter was, eww.
Good video thanks
HOTD... Gr8 show... cant wait for ep2 next week
Invested heavily in GoT, used to wake-up really early on mondys to watch the latest episode before work. When I got off work I went directly home and made some dinner and rewatched the episode again. I loved GoT for 6 seasons then D&D's bad writing became very visible. I stayed loyal to HBO for 7 years never cancelling my subsciption. They fxxked us over big time with season 8! Will never forget nor fogive D&D/HBO for that rip-off!
Wow, it was pretty bad. Boring!
I think they went way too back since it has nothing to do with GOT series’s
This episode was solid!!! Can’t wait to get to the meat of the series!
This episode is already leagues better than anything we got in seasons 7&8 of GOT
"It's bigger on the inside" was priceless!
She Hulk _was_ Mid, but still entertaining. This felt much higher tier, but left me with anxiety. Don't get me wrong it's just GoT is famous for no one being safe, and that feeling continues here. Despite the ending of Season 8 (in which people wanted a triumphant ending, but got a huge downer and a meta joke instead) this felt like it picked up the best DNA of the previous show.
I want to watch GOT all over again
Wow those blacks look out of place, complete failure in casting
Didn't expect to like it as much as I did!!
Ray Mears has changed a lot
Good analysis. I think a comparative discussion about the tourney could've been added. As it clearly shows the gradual financial degradation about to happen during the next century.
I feel like the Maesters were the one that ends up killing the baby and the queen. They lookin really shady
Ancestor:  a person, typically one more remote than a grandparent, from whom one is descended.
She Hulk was MID
They always talked about how the iron throne was made with a thousand swords in GOT, and it clearly wasn’t. But now we know why: some king must’ve gotten rid of all the ones on the sides!
Loved it and look forward to the rest of the season. Dracarys 🐲🔥
First episode I give 8/10
Greens and blacks wasn’t about Rhaenrya and Daemon. It references the color of dresses Rhaenyra and Alicent wore at a great tournament
one thing that this show has in their favor over GoT is that fire & blood was written very scholastically so they have more creative license. all major plot points are also defined, and they won’t have the monumental task of trying to figure out the final acts like benioff & weiss. with source material GoT seasons were phenomenal(damn near perfect when your talking about seasons 3 & 4) & without you get something truncated & just anticlimactic(hence parts of seasons  6 & 7 and all of 8)
Yep can’t wait for the civil war!!!
I dont get it how corlys velarion are black Their family from old veliriya and they use to married their family members with them selfs
His dragon is bad ass tho.
With Jon snow getting a spin off show, the comment of “a targaryen must sit on the iron throne” was no coincidence. I think in the end of his show Jon will be King
Using those music cues and themes, and revisiting House Targaryen, was ballsy 😂 It evoked feelings of all the epic moments that turned to ashes in our mouths. I’m in, though. And hoping the showrunners have learned lessons from the mistakes of those who went before… 🥴
I'm my lungs out when Viserys mentioned the dream and gave the Valyrian Steel Dagger. Couldn't have been a better way to start this
i missed your GoT breakdowns it was the show that made me watch your videos
schrodinger's cat....nice line, dare I say on par with what my favorite host, DEFINITION,  would say.
The first episode was excellent
Thank you for always being quick on content.  Screen Crush and NewRockStars can’t beat you!! 😘
Fire episode
Note I have not read books.  I was board watching this.  I'm not watching lord of rings non token show cause u don't f with Canon. How I see the show the young queen will married her uncle. He will take out the free city's army's. The queen that never was will try to kill the young queen. Also note the colour of the dragon to show the level of crazy. But I have hope for this prequel.
It looks shit, the actors look shit, the writing is shit - just a cash-grab piggybacking off the shit legacy of the shit show GoT, which was shit.
felt mid
Am I the only one that noticed the Baratheon sigil was a crowned stag? The stag isn’t supposed to be crowned at this point. It was only crowned after Robert became king.
the end credits with classic GoT theme gave me chills. Nostalgia maxx. I’m so happy that we are back in westeroes. Finished the book recently and I’m happy that George is a showrunner so we won’t stray too far from the GREAT source material. Mondays are fun again!
This is like a heavy weight being lifted. I think i can move on from the pain now. LETS GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Paddy Considine...Not Constantine
I loved this episode! It was wonderful to be back in Westeros. What were the marble stones placed in holders for the small council?
Don’t even have to watch the Lord of the rings to know that house of the Dragon blows it out of the water. Thank you Paul for your info and your video
Sharp, like your dad jokes? HAHA....  I'm still laughing at that... so dumb it's brilliant
Loved the episode! Cannot wait for them to dive in the the “prince who was promised” prophecy. Really hoping we learn more about Aegon the Conqueror in this show as well
I don't think he choose child over wife....he choose child over both prob dying
Loved the first episode, can’t wait to see what’s in store for the season. They best keep it on a high note!
Amazing show so far I luv it
The CGI nowadays is reaching a new low. The terrible quality of this new series showcases just how bad it is getting.
Aegon Targaryen had a dream of the war with the night king and then a couple hundred years later, another Aegon Targaryen (Jon Snow) led that very fight. So cool.
Great start
🐉🐲 🔥🔥🔥 ⚔️ I just finished the first episodes and I definitely liked it
I'm a new Subscriber ,and SO GLAD I found your channel!! You did an excellent job, and I loved every single Dad joke!!!! 😊
I enjoyed it.
Cole World
Don't do that. Don't give me hope.
Im happy the birth scene was shown however I wonder if people really get it? Woman are called fragile and weak yet men have never known the pain which takes more strength than fighting or creating a war
This is my first entry to GOT as I didn't watch the original.  I enjoyed it.
Great First Episode.
Came in with low expectations for this series, happy I did cuz Daemon is an absolute monster of a character.
Another great episode, even with your endearing jokes that cause eyes to roll like slot machines. I, too was quite pleased by this opening, and look forward to the rest of it and your amusing summaries! Cheers, thanks a lot.
What do you guys thing about the CGI on the dragons?
I'm still not ready to love again
Dude am i a five 5 year old i don't need you to explain his helmet is a dragon skip the fucking obvious stuff
This series was where they should have had purple eyes...
I thought the first episode, minus the birthing/death scene, was quite good. I hope it doesn't degenerate ala GOT's S08.
Daemon is brutal but he's punishing criminals. He maybe loyal to himself but he didn't send a hooker to his brother's room alright
That birth scene was BRUTAL. If they were going to kill her anyway why couldn't they knock her out with milk of poppy while cutting!? 🥺
That's the tower of the king NOT the small council chambers!! ..thats why they look different chump..🤣
>Aegon has a dream of a "Song of Ice and Fire" Arya: Pfft okay
Alicent 😭😭😭 I’m so worried but sadly it has to happen it’s already set in stone
Did anyone else eye twitch when they bought up the white walkers. Just don’t. I can’t even. We all have healed and tried our best to move on. The show was quite griping . But no no I don’t even wanna hear a white walked reference. 8 years of lore, Easter eggs, plot devices all just thrown out the window with zero white walker pay off . So uh-uh just don’t .
Amazing Video Spoiler Man 👍
good start just hope it doesn't have a meltdown like prior show.  hopefully all the books get done so they can try again in 30 years
Yeah sadly he literally had to have balls to kill his wife & the baby! Seven hells!
Watch the culmination of an amazing series filled with suspense, drama 🎭,  adventure, love and intrigue only to fall flat on its face like a wet fart 💨 in the wind 🌬
This video really helped me understand a lot of things in the first episode thank you so much I will be following you every week after each show thank you
Yaaa this is already failing for me.   No more GRRM "series" for me... I'll stick to his books
What a POS.
Ha hahh 🦆
It figures that a guy named "Daemon" would wear grotesque armor that makes him look like Satan.  No real opening credit sequence or theme music, but then the GoT theme apparently with *lyrics* at the end? Just play the music at the start and give the audience what it wants.
since the book is a "bad" retale of the history by a maester, hopefully the show will take some risks and show some different events but without breaking the story.
Dude your pronunciations are making me wanna send my dragon after you
It’s not bad but it’s definitely not all that either. I’m still hopeful for the next episodes though.
This show looks crazy boring. Just a bunch of silly actors in terrible wigs standing around looking stuffy.
Whatever they do to this show, we all know what's going to happen      *They're all gonna be dead*
GOT was so good and then near the near the end it became awful. This felt like the good days of GOT before it fell off a cliff.
So. Is it just me. Or does the fact that The Song of Ice and Fire has now been forseen by Aegon as happening a VERY specific way, seem to insinuate "HEY DUMBASSES, THE WALKERS AIN'T GONE! PREPARE THYSELVES!"   Because the conditions that needed to be met for the white walkers defeat were -A Targaryen must sit the throne (Cersei was on the throne, no Targaryen was ruling Westeros as of yet. Daenarys had styled herself as queen, but the Vale, Westerlands, and Iron Islands were not loyal to her by the time of the NK's death. Or perhaps its "Death".) -The realm must be united (It wasn't. It really wasn't. Dorne was in shambles, the iron islands and the Westerlands were behind Cersei, the Riverlands was in shambles, and the Crownlands and Stormlands were in shambles. The North and The Vale were the only kingdoms truly present in any capacity, with Dany's army filling most of the numbers.) -It would be halted by a Targaryen (Daenarys and Jon helped with their dragons, but the Night King was killed with Aegons dagger, by Arya Stark. Jon and Dany were nowhere near to him when he died. And the walkers can still come back across the wall now that there is a giant hole in it and a whole lot less security looking out for them.)  You could argue this is just standard GoT commentary on prophecies now that the writing is LEGITIMATELY COMPETENT AND WORTH TALKING POSITIVELY ABOUT AGAIN, HALLELUJAH! But. I'm not so sure. They make it clear Aegon has this dream in the same vein as Daenys, whose own dreams saved House Targaryen from the Doom. They were precise. They make it clear that Aegon's dreams should be a lot more reliable than some random ass woods witch.   So maybe I'm crazy and going on a rant, but considering how far off this makes Aegon seem in his dreams, there's one of two things going on here. One, it's just helping the current setting tie into GoT and simultaneously having said commentary mentioned earlier of don't always trust your prophecies, they may not be as true as you believe them to be (Cersei's own prophecy seemed less mystical and one more self fulfilled in a lot of ways, especially because no one killed her but Dany. No little brothers there.). Or, two, the one I DESPERATELY hope is the case, is that this is setting up the Jon Snow show that has been rumored as of late. What is there for Jon Snow to do? Why, unite the realm against the threat of the white walkers. Embrace his ancestry as a Targaryen. Put out the walker threat for good. That this is setting up that the walkers aren't gone, what they faced at their defeat at Winterfell was nothing but a mere setback. The NK is still alive with one last trick up his sleeve, or there is an NQ. And before the NQ could rule, there needed to be no NK.   I'm just rambling and theorizing but if this turns out to be true, all the damage D&D did may be turned around.
Nice to not have the kiddie pool sized dragon pit!
How in the actual Fk do you get these videos out so quickly? It's amazing. Great work!
The queen who never was sounds like someone Matt Smith would battle on Doctor Who
Unfortunately after watching the 1st episode, I noticed a MASSIVE gaffe by the showrunners: the "dragons" portrayed are actually wyverns, not dragons.  From lore, dragons have 4 legs and wings on their back, wyverns have 2 legs and wings for arms.
Wait I can win Top Gun Maverick! Whew I was afraid I might be forced to accept dr strange
I was definitely nervous after the last season of GOT and how hyped this show was getting. If the show continues to be as great as this episode, I’ll be more than happy. It was a great way to set off a series
TL;DR: 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
I'm with the majority. I hated season 8. But was disappointed this universe was so sidetracked due to that season that mostly all spinoffs were canceled. But I'm pleasantly surprised. At first to me it seemed like one of those knockoffs or a rehashed version with similar characters, but the episode was great and won me over.
The show did a PHENOMENAL job making me hate Otto just as much as Joffrey all in one episode! Well done Condal!
I'm set to get all vids from you Paul, and this is the first one in like 6 videos now that I've gotten. I missed 5 whole vids cuz yt didn't put em in my feed, ugh
Bigger on the inside............Classic
There were some moments of budget CGI and a lot of the "stuff" didn't have that fresh feeling it all had when GoT S1 dropped... but it wasn't bad and I'll keep watching to see where it goes. I expected worse and it definitely exceeded my expectations.
Relish every moment of this folks- this may well be the last great series produced by HBO with the new "leadership" in place. Debbie Downer predictions of the future of the BEST streaming service and once great cable channel aside, GOT has been resurrected and given birth (ouch- reallly OUCH), with this first episode ! Well done showrunners, producers, writers, cast and crew- You've filled a MUCH needed void with the fire of DRAGONS....  DRACARYS on!!
This premiere confirms the Mad King "Burn Them All" was truly refering to The White Walkers and that he went mad because the Winter was approaching and they had no way to stop it.
Ottos actor is doing amazing already. I hate his guts
Alicent Hightower is basically the new Margaery Tyrell. She sleeps her way to the throne by taking advantage of weak-minded royalty. Or even Kamala Harris.. 🤣
I need to see a couple of more episodes. Feels a bit generic as Daemon seems to be the Mad Targaryen. Rhaenyra is a bit too Daenerys. Of course, there were the gory brutal scenes with gratuitous nudity. On the upside the dragons were super cool. Could be one of those shows that just isn't for me and if that's the case I'll shut up about it.
The Great Council at the beginning in the ruins of Harrenhal looked so good.
This episode redeemed the series in one go.
Well this all certainly confirms that to sit the Iron Throne one thing is required... Tetanus Shot😘
Daemon Targaryen is George RR Martin's favorite character. Matt Smith really oozes CHARISMA portraying him. He's volatile and unpredictable. Makes him interesting like Homelander.  That cesarean scene... Whoa! It's pretty good so far. I just hope it doesn't recycle GOT too much even though this is a prequel. Battle of the Iron Throne and White Walker threat ♻..  Was not a fan of Otto Hightower trying to prostitute his own daughter, Alicent, to King Viserys. I mean, c'mon, that's his own daughter's friend who will eventually be her arch nemesis.  I will definitely be more invested into this show than She-Hulk.. 🤣 Jennifer Walters can rant about all her catcalls while she claims Steve Rogers was a virgin with a great -ss!  The gist of the story is Alicent will become Rhaenyra's stepmother as she will become 2nd wife to Viserys. They will eventually feud as Viserys will die while Alicent will have Aegon II to claim the throne. It's older daughter vs. half-brother from a mother that was friends with her when they were kids.  I just hope HOTD gives us more fun characters like GOT had with early season Tyrion, Bronn, Tormund, Davos, and Euron. So far, only Daemon is the most interesting and fun so far.  Don't trust Otto. Trust your own brother, Viserys! 🤦🏻‍♂️ But as Daemon said, Viserys is weak. He's just too nice and gullible like Tommen "Baratheon".
Jousting/birth scene was epic. Music was great. Loved Daemon. Also loved the scene where the secret was passed on.
Great episode 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
The cut, wound on his back is a methaphor the throne rejecting him. Not fit to be sitting in it
It's Rhaenyra. Not Rhaenyria. I know you can technically pronounce it however you want but you're doing it wrong with the i
Anyone else get chills, when Rhaenyra said Dracarys?
Man; This dude really needs to do some research
That was fast
We are back, baby!! 🐉
Wrestling memes?
Westworld ends, Thrones begins. Perfect.
great episode
YES
I was really skeptical of this show, but I really enjoyed the first episode.
Agree about this bringing me back to good GOT times. NEARLY skipped it, but glad I gave it a chance. GRRM being on as a writer will definitely help. 🍻
So far so good. Yes, the “birth” scene was hard to watch. Maybe even worse than the red wedding.
The forced birth murder scene was brutal, its happening here in the US to women now and knowing that made it such a hard scene to watch
I feel like there were duplicate storylines in this (to GoT).  The Hand reminded me of Littlefinger.  The creepy uncle reminded me of Ramsey during the butchering scene.  Creepy uncle creeping on his niece reminded me of Dany and John.
Amazing! Happy to be back in Westeros.
Anyone knows, what is this ball each member of the counsel places into some dish of a sort?
Excellent breakdown on a promising start. The birth scene was brutal and was typical of HBO’s no holds barred approach to things, which is sometimes s**t happens🥲My only complaint is that they need to improv portrayal of White haired Targaryens
I think from now on I’m just gonna watch your videos instead of subscribing. You were dead on with she hulk and I regret paying to see that.
Matt Smith is absolutely killing it lately. 1st episode was ok, but i cant help but be skeptical
Excellent 1st episode! Can’t wait for next Sunday!!
I love how your English but your impressions bare terrible lol
Disney CANNOT release their shows while other shows are airing because the quality is so much lower than a show like HOTD. Why watch something so corporate and mediocre when you could watch shows with quality like this?
Princess Rhaenyra says 'Dracarys' just a little better than Queen Dany imo
I started watching the episode when I suddenly got the notification that Heavy Spoilers talks about the episode i was like -- clearly I'm behind 😂
Pleasantly surprised am I. I always thought the first 4 seasons of GOT was some of the best TV I'd ever seen. We all know what happened so to say I was a bit anxious going in would be understating it. HBO looks to be on the right track with this as the acting was excellent, special effects and cinematography were superb and it was all well executed. It's great to have something to watch on Sunday now that Westworld is over so cheers to a continued great season.
Is Alicent the new Ariya?  It sounds like she becomes the antagonist.  I'm falling in love...
I liked it
Does anyone have insight on those little stone spheres at the kings counsel? It seems every person has their own sphere but there was no elaboration on the purpose of them at all
See ya chump!
Great kick off to House of the Dragon!
I got through the intro narration. I just could not give a shit about this show lol. I was a huge GOT fan until the last season, and that last season really ruined the entire series for me.
Great breakdown. love episode 1. ring of power your turn.
City Watch was like “ In case you forgot how brutal the 7 Kingdoms can be…..”
So excited to have thrones back!
Coming out swinging!
Unfortunately, I would be shocked if Rings of Power comes close to the quality of this pilot episode
One thing I noticed and I’m saying this at the beginning of watching the video, is that the maester told Lord Hightower about the birthing difficulties, and he gauged king viserys mood before telling him , seems real Sus , why not tell the king directly, it seems like the entire council is trying to handle the king a certain way, daemon is right his brother is weak, and daemon while being the hit head he is would still have his families best interest at heart, but because of his demeanour and belief of his brothers character it wouldn’t belong before he would try an take his brothers spot in truth it would definitely happen if he was ever made hand. And he would probably justify it some fucked up way.
its all tarnished by the finale of the original......pass
Lmao i don’t think there’s a good character in this show. Therefore I’m rooting for the white walkers
What’s with the balls in the slots on the table?
Good start to the series. Most definietely win against Rings of Power.
His Grace wanted a male heir because he would know without one the Kingdom would go into civil war over the throne.  One death for 100 more years of peace.
Absolutely loved it. Seeing both Balerion’s skull and hearing Rhaenyra say dracarys gave me chills.
Thank God the Score 🎶 is excellent! Because the show itself, is hot trash!🗑 I’m choosing not to watch it :)
It didn't do anything for me. And I'm a huge fan but season 8 ruined the series and probably this show as well. Now I will say I'm going to keep watching because I can't let one episode be why do or do not like something I'll give it the full season just because it's something new to watch. I hope my mind has changed less than halfway through the season.
Don't worry... I downloading the episode now to watch after work.
Daemon will prob be a Jeffrey clone tbh
definitely not Daeneres
I loved the connection to the show before
That birth scene though
I think it setup up the characters enough to know who’s gonna be loved and hated lol however GOT was unpredictable so all I can think about is what’s next
Gold dragon Cyrax?  Red dragon Sektor?
Slow episode. Needs more nudity and they better start fighting soon.
I enjoyed the show.  Thanks for all the great content, hope the family is healthy and well.
The first episode was amazing loved every bit of it. Can next Sunday come any faster!? Looking forward to episode 2!
The CGI for the dragons had me disappointed
You're my TOP PUN PAULERICK
Overall it was…….meh. The bad wigs were very distracting. Very stiff looking. And the characters aren’t nearly as nuanced as GOT season 1 thru 5 were.
Did the actress that plays the princess real life mother act in Mad Max?  Looks just like the kid that throws the boomerang.
He didn't choose the baby over his wife, has the maester said, he could save the baby, or loose both.
definitely not even close as good to GOT, but for fans of the Got universe, it should provide some thrills
I think it's funny GOT fans complaining of to much violence
Lets see how bad this is after all.  But they could have chosen better-looking actors.  GOT had great ones.
The Greens and The Blacks weren't between Rhaenyra & Daemon, they were between Alicent Hightower & Rhaenyra because of the colors of dresses that they each wore to an event later on.
I’m so excited.  The first episode was awesome. Aaaahhhhhhh I can’t wait for this show to move forward.
Always love your breakdowns. I laugh out loud every time 🤣
Incredible Beginning!  This series is going to get crazy
The new series is awesome little house of patriarchy🔥🔥🔥
The saying is something like if a king is cut while sitting on the iron throne then they’re cursed
If I learn anything about games of thrones and the books is that no matter what the ruler is be it king or Queen they can be both equally good and bad I understand why Jaehareys wanted keeping the male heirs considering having a female heir would cause issues with other kingdoms down the line besides Dorne.
Why is almost every single movie or show that has a princess in it these days centers around a princess that would rather be a knight. It’s not original anymore by any means. It’s worn out
This was the best pilot episode of all times son
The jousting was awesome -especially POV camera work . Scary ! Really good first episode. Not in love with it yet but I hope that will change
I liked it and felt like that puking kid too. Nice start.
Was the actor who played Jamie Lannister in the first episode as a cameo? Looked like they gave a side profile of him when they first introduced the nights watch.
Man GoT just isn't for me I started watching, watched till the pregnant labour part,had to turn it off,i was nearly vomitting won't be watching tge rest of the show tbh
Great recap, Paul. I agree the pilot was a fantastic! It felt so good going back to Westeros. I had a few goosebumps as the episode was ending. I don’t know how much better it could’ve been.I had to admit from some of the stills I saw before tonight‘s episode, I thought this was going to be less than great. But they really knocked this out of the park. I can’t wait to see what happens.   By the way, I’m glad to see they’re having the inside the episodes again after the credits roll on the episode. To hear the show runner and Director discussing the episode was great. It was kind of disappointing that D&Ddid not do any inside the episodes for the last few episodes of season eight. But that’s over and done with and I’m so happy we’re back in Westeros and I’m looking forward to a fantastic season.
The childbirth scene was brutal af, all while the tournament is happening as well. I was not ready for that.
Was waiting for your explained video
What's up with the throne and the infection cuts to the king?
I really enjoyed the episode and am excited for what will come, it'd to have some new got content to enjoy.
Anyone else call the baby wasnt gonna survive after the doctor dude looked at it and cradled it the way he did ? I swear I heard the baby breathing weird and I’m like oh he dying
It's all connected Good first start Hopefully they get this one right The money they spent to get this right Hopefully was well spent  Always been a lifelong fan of the series
Win me chump
Great start of a long Journey 🔥❤️
Dude thanks for the consistency!!! Speaking of dragons! Will you do a review for Dragon  Ball Super: Super Hero?
Thr dragon skull at the end is Ballerion
Is Rhaenyra 9 year old in this episode?
Guy said "George R.R. SPOILIN'S" I should just slap you for that one...
Its that dude from the witcher, he seems sus already..
Loved the clones joke, my guy
It wasn't that bad.  I feel like I've heard that first episode a dozen times throughout the books.     Other spinoffs I wanna see:  Jamie Loves Cersi (shot in the style of a 70s sitcom), Impractical Jousters (Guy on a horse just f**ks you up outta nowhere), and Real Housewives of West Flea Bottom (unscripted women in burlap keeping it 100).
No clue why everyone is saying they loved it. I didnt hate it but it wasnt “one of the best pilots ever.”  Firstly, Daemon is legit just bad. Has no good qualities. The “bad guys” in GOTs first season was Jaime. And he had qualities that we could still resinate with. Daemon has nothing appealing other than a sick helmet They should also stop forcing this feminist bs. Pre democracy, no woman will ever be in charge of a kingdom (or nation state) purely because of the physical biological difference. If the princess marrys, no man will let her be in charge of him, let alone an entire kingdom.  You built a great, powerful female character in Daenerys, use that to help ur writing.
I give it a 6/10. Took me quite a few episodes to get into GOT so I'm not writing it off yet.
I was skeptical after seeing how the Original series ended but my confidence has been restored already. This first episode was amazing. I’m hopeful!
I liked the way the characters were presented. But it was too black and white: a villain and a hero. But was an awesome first episode.
I loved this episode soo much
Starz presents: "Spartacus with Dragons"
I was getting hooked up until the foreshadowing of the original show that I have been trying to forget.
When Daemon said Otto is a "second son who stands to inherit nothing he doesn't seize for himself"  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
"The only thing can can tear down the house of the Dragon is itself" Jon killing Daeneres making sense.
I really want to like this show but I was disappointed with the first episode.  I was a bit bored and don't really like the characters so far.  I will keep watching but imo, GoT will always be #1.
Knowing how it all ends sort of takes the wind out of the sails for this series for me. Watching this episode was extremely bitter sweet, seeing the potential of what could had been and ultimately wasn't. With that said the quality on this first entry for the series was extremely well done, it started on a high note but we all know high notes don't mean much if it doesn't end in one as well.
Awesome show ! Finally!!! Just got done watching 1 episode!!! Can’t wait for the next one!!!
This 1st episode washed alot of the bad taste left by GoT's last season. I'm relieved that I liked it. Can't wait to see the rest of the episodes!
Thought it was great, lots of nods to the old series. The birth scene was a bit hard to watch,but the acting was top notch, can’t wait for the next episode
I liked it.  Now lm here.  :)
What took you so long? Lol
Started out with a bang....hate that I have to wait til next Sunday for next episode
I think this was one the best first episode of a series I've ever seen. It set up the future of the series very well, didn't shove "foreshadowing" down our throats, and had some good "call backs" or call forwards from GOT that tied the two together to make them feel connected.  I'm really looking forward to what they do!! See you all next week :)  Edit: I learned what pilot actually means tonight! So I edited my statement to make it align with what I was originally trying to convey.
Westeros is back!!!
Jesus this just dropped. I guess having twins to keep you up all night has some perks lol
Ryan Arey said hi
It was an okay episode, little concerned for some of the stories of the younger characters. But I’ll watch another and kind of strange to throw a song of ice and fire in when the kingdoms don’t actually unite.
Paul what up dude
locked in
0:43 not gonna lie, this reference made me laugh. It's a good song.
Daaaaaamn that was good episode! You couldn't pay me to sit on that throne...
Daemon is definitely a hot head, but he’s more loyal to Viserys than Otto. Man literally told his daughter to go woo the king. The Maesters are quite sus as well, feel like they have a thing against the Targaryen dynasty
Paul, the Three-eyes Spoiler !!
The birth scene was hard to watch, but this first episode has me hooked.
Us fantasy fans have so much to look forward to!! This and the Lord of the Rings! Yaaas!!!!! Plus... SHE HULK!!!!! YAAAAAASSSSS!!!!!!
this episode was  perfect, the acting, the visuals and the writing
This show is already top tier! 🐉🐉
Always first to break it down!
Just finished it, what an amazing first episode, jesus. When the credits rolled up with GoT theme i had chills all over my body.
why late paul??
Woke garabge
That was quick, i didn't really like the "every king secretly knows about the long night, we pass it down to eachother" part i dunno
To everyone saying why he’s so quick with the upload it’s because it leaked out yesterday.
W just watched it and I’m already in love
Honestly that episode was nice imo! Didn’t give too much away, not too much violence for shock value, and a tense sort of vibe in the air throughout..really gave me the classic GOT feel. Looking forward to more!
Can not wait for Lord of the Rings series. Is gonna be better than this.
Ayo bro it’s okay to sleep you got this up mad quick
damn, so far so good
George R R Speedster!!! Before I finish stretching on my chair your breakdown was ready!
Amazing first episode. Thanks for the swift breakdown Paul!!
You're on your job
HOWW??! How are you this quick??
For Daenerys Targaryen 🐉🔥🩸do many feels   Song of ice 🧊 and fire 🔥   10/10 episodes was great brutal
My Man is faster than westeros Raven
I was hoping this would go up quick. Not disappointed
Wow that was amazing
aarrgg its 03:16 here in the UK absolutley pooped but OMG wasnt it brilliant.... cant wait for next week. Fantastic review as always.... see you next week too HS x
Anyone else notice the dagger that killed the Ice King. This show is amazing.
Dam you are fast af boi
Watching this to see if show is any good.
Darn, Paul! You are fast!
fire
Glad this popped up as soon as I finished the episode!
Legit just been waiting on this lmao
I get more excited for your breakdowns than the actual episode.
Yo
Let us know your thoughts on the episode below. If you enjoyed this video then please subscribe to the channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq3hT5JPPKy87JGbDls_5BQ?sub_confirmation=1  *Check out our BEST new videos below* *House Of The Dragon Episode 1 Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcN_XnTIKVE *SHE HULK Episode 1 Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqnfg1pRKAQ *Better Call Saul Season 6 Ending Explained* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOtn9AWxbbs *Westworld Season 4 Episode 8 Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMlKQPc-cKM *Prey 2 Predictions* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvTn1IcVAvU *Sandman Ending Explained* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4Guf3aHTGs
