For all the main channel comments. I actually get better response to things like this on the second channel. I will put this on the main channel in a different way. I obviously consider these types of things but thank you for all the reminders 😂
What's the update from this?
Yup SIR is always in the news because stupid people don't take raceway noise in there plan to buy the whine causing problems i tried to send my in put but wasn't delivered llol took me a long time to do that well 45 min praying for ya bra
Wholly took me two trys I sent email from Lakewood Wa
Lol yup
Add houses only sold to race enthusiasts
Cheese and rice Cletus I'm not computer savvy I can build a motor or transmission put together a rear end most likely and have it still work laugh out loud but the computer savvy stuff that's why I took the short bus to school!
December 15th of 25 is that correct?? My name is Jason Voris, I'll show up I got your back brother!!!!!!!!
What about putting in a big campground next to it??
Oh sorry I'm Jason Voris and I approve that message!!!!!
Exactly hotels! Cuz if you had a hotel next to the race car track you wouldn't have to drive far! You would enjoy the sounds of that V8 singing the song that the driver's right foot is telling it to!! Cletus farland I support you brother!!! Sign me up!!
Rather than residential won't you make a commercial and put in some garages and body shop custom shops hot rod shops whatever happened to PCA if you know what that is!!
Well it sounds like you would have property domain if you were there first!!!?
Sounds to me like that development should have a bunch of race car fans living in it!!!?
Money makes people stupid
I don't care about Race tracks.
Can't you get a historical site variance
I’d live in a house next to the track lowkey
I'm an Architect and Cleetus, I think you are exactly right in your assessment of the situation! Fight them tooth and nail with everything you've got. The same thing happens with Airports and it's ridiculous how logic gets turned on its head. If I didn't live all the way out in California, I'd definitely come to the next Planning Commission meeting and give you my support.
I wish I can go to that because I got a big mouth and I like to open it and speak my piece I am very good at that
If you want to know what race track it's Claremont New Hampshire it is called Claremont motor speedway and it's a small race track that's where people need to stand up for all these race tracks they're all shutting down and businesses are being lost people are getting put out of f****** job and it's crazy the government people think they can do anything they want because they are called the government it is getting out of control and we need to put a stop to it
If you want to know what race track it's Claremont New Hampshire it is called Claremont motor speedway and it's a small race track
That should fall on them because they're building a place right next to a racetrack we had the same problem here in New Hampshire with a guy that lives next to the racetrack he knew he bought a house next to a racetrack when you do that you know what you're getting into so it should not fall on the racetrack that is just stupid
I'm a new subscriber and would have helped as best I could.   You are exactly right about that chain of events including being banned in the worst case.   They always pull the noise card too eventually.   They need to grandfather in any zoning changes.  Greed in government is a real problem because of back door dealing.   Keep on kicking 💪
They know the track is there they know the danger they know the noise they're just going to have to be willing to accept it or build somewhere else
I hope you win do it for Dale ❤🎉
This is happening right now in Noble Oklahoma with our drag strip just closed down and it sucks all these raceways closing down and drags closing down. It’s bull crap.
I'm new here is there an update on this topic?
❤
Same thing happened here in Utah. The Rocky Mountain Raceway was closed and sold for development. Now the only place you can go nearby is Vegas!😢😢😢
They have done the same here in New Zealand , First comes the restrictions then the closure.
What makes you think it is a good idea to to build a houses next a race track I’m on Cletus McFarland team
Even though this is 2 years ago now it just showed up for me. Honestly this kinda stuff makes me pretty mad. Personally I practice shotgun on the 4H level pretty constantly at a trap range not super far out of town. It already is super limited on days of operation because of that but it makes it really convenient also. But recently construction has started on houses literally right across the street and we already know that we are doomed. Most people throw out numbers like 6 years until it shuts down but it may be sooner. One of the main things about it though is that it was built on a old dump/landfill and is completely useless if it was sold because layered under all the broken clay pigeons is really bad stink. That type of situation happens with racetracks also. No one wants to go through that hassle of rebuilding a racetrack to repurpose it so it just sits abandoned with high potential. Honestly I just wish there was some alternative solution but there never is its either the houses don't get built and the racetrack gets to stay and thrive or the houses do get built but the racetrack falls under and fails.
Wait what’s your real name?
This is exactly how bandemire speedway in Colorado got shut down because people moved in not knowing that they were getting themselves into keep fighting to keep freedom factory and the strip alive u got this 🤙🤙
Thats bull shit it you shouldnt even  have too fight too keep it its been there they are one moving in deal with it our buy somewhere else
This is exactly what happend to Bandimere Speedway
Bro I’d love to live next door to the freedom factory
Good luck, my brother. People that work for the city are a disaster
@cleetus2mcfarland20 I live 10 minutes away from Pocono Raceway and every July I hear those cars clear as day. You're going to have two problems. 1. The new new neighbors are going to complain about the noise, because a 25ft wall is not going to do anything. And 2. They are going to complain about the congestion on the days that you have races. I know every July when NASCAR comes to Pocono Raceway, there is always tons of traffic and all of the stores are packed with fans. So you're going to get multiple complaints for multiple reasons and I really hope that you win this and they do not build near the race track. I live in Pennsylvania but if there's anything that I can do to help you out just let me know. I'll write a letter, I'll send an email or anything that would help
Hope the collapse of fl declining home values aren’t used as  ammunition to unjustly go after the track.  When the economy, insurance, loan rates, hurricanes, etc. are the true cause, picking on a track seems so easy.  Btw- got email information of the current commissioners? I think a few have rotated out.
HELP HIM make money 😂😂😂😂
im years late, but with the track there unless the dev company plans to rip off the buyers and investors it jsut makes no sense.
Brother I wish I can be there  To support what you are doing but unfortunately I'm in australia. I have been watching the growth of that track from day . And love what you and the team do I wish everything goes well  And will try hopefully sometime next year to come see the track and hopefully get to me you guys
Home builders will grease the housing commission. It’s all about city council people are corrupt also. You are right Clet. We had a track in Jacksonville Florida. Same stuff happened builders built people bought and the track was closed. Because all the people that bought houses complained. It’s going to take an army to stop the city from letting that happen.
And people wonder why we have street racing 🙄
Iowa just passed a law to protect racetracks from this scenario the racetrack was there first.   In law, that ruling behind that law can help you.
Who choose the colors for the walls in your house a 5 year old?
You buy da land and build hotel
His name is garret mitchel??????? I would’ve never know 😂😂😂
Handled that like a legend, very good speech.
time to become a farmer
You won brother!
Nice
WALMARTS CLOSED DUE TO IDLING TRACTOR TRAILER TRUCKS WITH A 15 FOOT WALL FENCE AND WANTED TO MAKE 24 HOURS AND TURN INTO SUPER WALMART.
Imagine everyone showing up with their modified cars 😂
Place a very large billboard on your property facing the 4500 Home development stating there is a race track here and it will be loud so people can see it and read the sign long before they purchase a home. Maybe you’ll be very lucky and get 4500 race enthusiasts moving in next-door!
This is just like people move next to a School that's been there for 50 years and then the new people complain about the traffic, parking and kids noise. The school was there first! MOVE ON!. Same thing Cleet put up a great defense.
I sure you can shut them down… I’ve seen this type of thing with airports many times….good luck…
My mother in law lives in Mallard Creek on the 18th hole of the golf course right by the clubhouse. We can go outside and hear Lowe’s Motor Speedway and see the lights at night from her house. I would estimate her house to be about 15 to 20 miles from Lowe’s Motor Speedway. You can very clearly hear the race car engines without any problem at all. We can also hear the Panther football games from downtown Charlotte. You are making a huge mistake putting those houses next to the racetrack. Mark my words, the homeowners will be petitioning to close down the racetrack within a very short time. I wish you the best Cleetus. Amen!
Buy the land.
We had a race way in Sacramento CA, called Sacramento Raceway, for years then a bunch of house got built about 1/4 miles away and noise complaints eventually shut it down. Property tax money over raceway.
In British Columbia they built a beautiful oval race track that brought ppl from all over together for races. Then a community was built next to it and they complained until it was permanently shut down. The human race is pathetic
If you look at google Maps you will sadly see the development is happening.😢
THE REST OF SOCIETY NEEDS TO UNDERSTAND WITH OUT REALLL CAR PEOPLE YOU DONT HAVE REAL MECHANICS 🧰 SO LEAVE US ALONE OR RIDE A HORSE 🐎
Can we get an update as to how this was resolved.
Supporting from norway ❤️
This just popped up and its from two years ago.  Whats the status now??
The damn corporations throw money at the politicians to raise taxes to a point where farmers, small business owners, and individual land/homeowners can not afford to keep their land. This is when the land grabbers come in. If the land grabbers are not successful at getting the individuals to sell, they throw more money at the politicians in order to try to force the folks off their family owned land with the corrupt "imminent domain" bull crap. If the gubmint is successful in their land grab, then they sell it to the corporate land grabbers, who reward the gubmint bad actors with paper gifts. The same type of crap is happening here in Tx. Effing Houston urban sprawl is reaching all the way to my small town where I just learned that 750 houses are planned for 250 acres of farmland just behind me and another 4500 houses in various areas of present farm land. Disgusting.
I live in winchester VA, We have a big dirt race track here and i live on 40 acres 15 miles away. I can hear the cars race every weekend through the night. The roars of these engines cant be tamed. You will hear them from miles away. This is indeed how you kill a community. Whatever you need, we have your back and I will sign a petition if need be.
Development needs to stop now. They have more than over developed Manatee County. I have lived here for 24 years and moved away for three and just came back to this disaster. Developers have ruined this beautiful area. Please stop building.😢
Same thing happens with Airports. If you have ever flown out of John Wayne Airport (used to be called Orange County Airport) in Southern California you will know what I am talking about when the airliner you are on right during take off reduces power as if engines stopped working to avoid disturbing the residents in New Port Beach and surrounding area.  Airport was there first and then they built homes right next to the airport only to complain about it later. There are hundreds of airports in the same situation. People move next to an airport and then complain about the noise. What is happening to your race track is what has happened all over the country. It is unfair. The race track was there first. It was zoned for it and now they change the zoning and tell you your race track is making too much noise. Too much noise for what> The cows that were using the land for pasture or crops growing in that agricultural area? NO. For the homes they decided to build next to your property. That is bullshit. They KNOW they will have a hard time selling those homes as long as there is a race track next to them. 25 ft of wall is not going to make it any quieter. What is adequate compensation to buy your track and all the infrastructure and buy you a piece of land nearby where there will not be any future urban sprawl? Can they afford to do that? What happens to the loss of revenue during the time it would take to build a new race track? I know it would take a lot of money and time and a whole lot of politics to fight the city hall. I hope for the the best but do not envy you in this instance..
Done, good luck
Give’s hell ‼️🙏👍🏻
We live on a giant rock and they want to move in next to an already established racetrack? good luck suit and ties, you got money on both sides!! this isn't a "farmer rick" situation...
It's a damn shame that 10 or less people can pull the plug on a busines that brings so much $$ to the county town and state. The amount of joy and special memories from drivers crew families of fans etc. will suffer without the freedom factory. I do believe that if the county has to come together to squash the ones that think they know best 4 the community. Good luck Cleet !!
cleet fans going strong!! really thankful he was able to save the tracks!!
“I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048”  AGREED, Taking someone's dreams and blaming "in the name of progress" is BS. Our Race Park in HOU was overtaken by investors. Now our local including myself really do not have a local place to run what we spent most of our lives building to do. I 1000% support the fight to stop this madness, your track will die.. Complaints, lawsuits, people trespassing for clout, just a number of issues. God speed my friend. Even thou I'm seeing this WAY too late, its an ongoing issue with tracks all over the nation! We need an advocate to go around and fight for the little guy.
They did it in englishtown nj, they took are track little each year until they won.  They complained about noise moving there knowing it was a track,  I hate New Jersey policies ,and politicians    Not one track in this dense state , to blow off legal,steam ……worst state in the union for motor sports,   GO CLEEET WE LOVE UOU HERE IN JERRSY.  Fight the fight
Try electric race cars
Hey bro… $50M and they can do whatever!!  What’s your number?  $50M? $75M?  The bummer is the deep value of the Freedom Factory, but is there a number and do alternatives exist that could be just as cool or even cooler?
WTF, never i have consideret that i see such a swiss Video from America, where is the freedom at? I live in Switzerland we are not even allowed to have a racetrack, because of the danger... ^^ But Hillclimbs up a mountain with le mans like prototypes are still a thing at least. About 1000x more dangerous but not illegal. ^^ Only circuits. Makes a lot of sense right? How can you move into a house at a racetrack and then complain about race sounds? ^^ But i hate to say it, they will probably just make this happen with the building site.
We hardly have any drag strip in the uk because of this very reason
The bug eyed dinosaur reptilian she looks pissed off 😅😅😅😂😂😂
You need Whistleing Diesels Bulldozer
Went to Spa Francorchamps in 2013/2014.  We went back to the campsite in the evening whilst the F3 cars were running.   We camped here 50°23'07"N 5°58'37"E  Could here cars here 50°25'41"N 5°58'26"E  That’s 2.98 miles as the crow flies.   There is no way a fence will make any difference if 3 miles and hills / valleys / trees in between couldn’t naturally suppress the sounds.   Brands Hatch had a housing development crop up in 70/80s I think. The circuit had been used for F1 / sports cars / bikes for decades yet the new residents complained knowing full well they moved in next to an established circuit.    I think what they propose is ridiculous.  What they need is to impose a radius around the tracks which does not allow development - a buffer almost which either houses cannot be built and/or the have to accept.    Do they have to close airports down as too noisy for new developments?  No.  Just restrict flights after a certain time.  We still get flights over us at 11pm (not like rush hour but frequently).    Race tracks do suffer.  Race tracks do fail because of the powers that be seeing $$$ for a new development rather than what a great pull an amazing venue brings.    I wish you all the luck in the world.
Buy the land around you…parking lot!
Two years later and the freedom factory still stands 💪💪
Grandfather clause. They don’t like it they don’t have to build.
It’s just crazy that they think they can just make construction plans and thunk they can boot people out that were already there, it’s crazy
Find out who is in goverment stopping this then show up at their homes. Do what the demoncrats do
How come its ok for construction companies to make noise?
Rental homes for people coming into race on the outskirts or just people that don’t care.  Unfortunately there’s not many of those anymore.
Let them build it’s going to be loud
Even though you may have got a reprieve with the home owners having to sign a paper stating they know they are buying into an area with a race track, at some point the land itself will become to expensive and the track will eventually go! I’ve seen this way to many times! It happened to my home track, Riverside Raceway in California and it was once the only road course Nascar competed on!
I am sorry but the racetrack was there first.  Build the homes somewhere else. I hate it when builders want to make others leave. So many several generations of farmers get sued cause home get built right next to a farm that has had pigs and cows. New homeowners don’t like the smell or looks so they sue and city doesn’t protect the farmer. It sad. I hope you win!
If you don’t like the noises from a race track …. then don’t fuckin move into a house by a race track ! This Bullying people because you’ve got money type  of shit needs to stop ! Show by yourself with your money and say something stupid and see where that gets you!
CLEETOS! You have the backing and know the same like minded people! Let’s do away with what is called “ THE SORRIEST FORM OF NASCAR NOWDAYS “ and start putting your talents to great use and build the world a new image of how real racing should be ! Top racers that can actually use their skills would leave nascar in a second and join a new racing league ! I know you see it in your vision to CLEETOS! Gadamn it DO IT FOR AMERICA DO IT FOR THE FANS AND DO IT FOR DALE ! LET TRUE DRIVERS RUN FOR THE FANS TO SEE AND DO IT FOR THE LEGEND THE INTIMIDATOR #3 ! Don’t think about it CLEETOS Gadamn it man just do it!
Nice
I can hear mine 8 miles away from it
I’ve lived in Florida for the last 48 years, I can tell you I have seen this time and time again, the race track in Saint Augustine was forced to shut down and the dragstrip that opened up in Green Cove Springs by the former Moroso dragway owner got shut down too, I hate to be a Debbie downer, but I think you’re gonna find in the long run you are going to lose the battle with these greedy bastards.
East bay raceway has unfortunately shut down, on November 2nd 2024 why do they keep closing all of the race tracks?
After living in Ocala for many years,we moved to Alaska so we could race when we wanted. I’ve been living here for 44 years now and we have seen the exact same thing happen here. Our race trace that used to be five minutes from home is now a hundred miles away because people moved up from the lower 48 and brought their no racing views with them. Support your local race track!
Just watching the videos helps my ptsd. You are therapeutic to veterans use that info
Can u just buy them out of the land?? U may have to pull out the lawyer in you sir.
If you were a woman your situation would be called empowering
I lived here all my life and you could here them cars all the way to Morgan Johnson road . That close and somebody is looking for trouble. Good bringing it to attention before these idiot board members screw up Florida living again
This is crap this happens in our states and well similar to a racetrack you can never you can never take out a road I mean highway so they put up when they widen the roads or whatever they put up sound retainers like 30 ft but it does take over 10 years to build all 44,000 homes it'll take over 10 years cuz you only build 30 lots at a time so 30 lots I mean it might only take a month to build a 30 lot subdivision but still it's going to take 10 years to build all 4,000 homes so for the first 3 years there's only going to be in the hundreds of homes I'll bet you it takes 3 years for a hundred homes to be built
What is it with these Developers, go after them for once and may them move
I hate all these new houses that are being built around us. Our road used to be a dirt road with very few houses on it. Now, they are building everywhere! All these people need to go somewhere else but FL
I've fought this same fight, remind them it is only greed for property taxes that even make this a conversation. Sad
Well they're going to take away the racetrack and drag strip might as well don't worry about it drags stripping on the main Highway
Orland, Ca, a very small dirt track in a very small town in Northern California. About 30 minutes from Chico, Ca and the more popular Silver Dollar Speedway. Orland Raceway is my roots for dirt track racing. Watching my uncle race mini trucks, helping in the pits will live forever with me. Still watch and help out him out in the pits today with a hobby stock. The smells, sights, and sounds of a small dirt track tradition is as America as it gets! Orland Raceway closed a few years ago because its on a state fairground and the committee chose to close it down forever. Grandstands have already been torn down, the track is still there but is rotting away and full of grass. Every time I drive by it, I fill a chill in the air of the ghost of them cars rippin around that track
Never give up, let’s go!
You didn't mention Top Fuel and how it will probably blow out there windows. I think you did a damn good job standing up for the freedom factory as well as the strip. can I fill a posing application from the other side of the world? I don't want to have this place die out and I haven't even been there.
Race tracks closing made my engine shop close and without race tracks that don’t rob you people will street race
Garret Mitchel or Cleetus Mcfarland ?
Fuck em really the track was there way before your fuckin development ohhh boi I’m fired up even if it’s old
Sounds like the homeowners and developers problem. If you are asking to rezone an area near something that has been used for years then why are they allowed to take someone else property and business from them? Pathetic... build a house next to a racetrack and complaining about the noise makes you a moron, not our problem. Never have heard a stalk of corn complain about the noise
data on water and sewage impact on the area storm water run off
Bandimere Speedway in Morrison, Co has been closed and sold due to new house owners built and moved in across the street and was able to get Bandimere shut down after 50 years of being in the area by themselves!
Hell ya brother
Here watching this as we may loose my childhood dirt track in gas city Indiana for this very reason
BUY THAT LAND!! PUT ANOTHER LANDING STRIP!!
All about your airstrip
Saugus Speedway in Canyon Country California was closed for this same reason.
Are the houses being built or did he win any updates?
Any updates on what happened with this??
It's the same dynamic around local airports that gets them shutdown to, funny how it doesn't happen when they build around 💩 plants
You did a great presentation. Not only did that board do a disservice to future residents, but they also didn't listen to current residents' valid concerns by approving such development.
the burbs just sprawl and sprawl and sprawl
It’s sad that money talks as in bribes
How bout people buy and rehab abandoned homes and buildings first before they start building new subdivisions on land they birds, animals and insects already use and call home?!
You know their plan was to build and then just expect the track to slowly disappear into oblivion.. Little did they know that a youtuber would come along, buy the track and in the process become a living legend and national Hero.. Goodluck with the track homes people.. have a feeling it's not going to end well for the track homes... especially with how the local real estate market is around there now... soooo much open inventory now...
I like in Lewiston we had a dirt track then some people were like let’s build around this track and then started complaining about the noise the dirt track is no more
Let's see how them cookie cutter houses hold up through this . I bet the freedom factory will still be standing the cookie cutter houses will be ruined .
Did they ever think that the housing community might disturb the race track?? Think about all the added traffic, Its incredible to me how quick people are to help themselves but forget about everyone else in the process. You dont like the noise from the race tracks? Build your house somewhere else.  SO tired of how soft the people of this country have become.
How can someone race legally if all the tracks get shutdown.... Like where im at there's a street racing problem I wonder why.
I remember watching this and your other video about petition signing or email sending and you explaining this whole situation and I remember it got me emotional because you I’m a racer at heart and I’ve experienced tracks that I had been a member of closing down for the exact same reasons, housing development. I couldn’t just sit and listen to what you were saying and do nothing at all to try and help you out. When these things happened to the race tracks I was a member of, my dad as a retired helicopter pilot of 32 years told me that the only way to prevent things like this happening would be to operate aircraft in and out of the area as it is the law that an aircraft must only drop below an altitude of 500ft when coming into land and be clear of any man made structures such as a house. The only thing that I had up my sleeve to try and help you was to tell you to build a helipad or an airstrip and to fly aircraft in and out of the ground that you own so that the housing project could not proceed as this 500ft law would be the final nail in the coffin. I passed on my information to you out of the love for racing and the fact that I simply couldn’t watch yet another track get shut down. I didn’t want anything from it but a thanks or a little shout out would have been nice. In any case, I’m glad that the tracks are still open. I’m glad that you took my advice and got your PPL and some aircraft and now a landing strip with your own air strip home build in progress. Just wanted to tell my bit.   Best,  Alexander. Robert. Trives.
I like turtles in the stand😂
I would have focused more on how race tracks keeps families safe by keeping the racing off the streets. Something like "If you allow this track to be consumed by this development, your kids might be the next ones injured or killed by street racing. Regardless of what you think about racing, the fact remains that race tracks keep your families safe because where the law can only punish people after the fact, our race track will prevent your families from being casualties of street racing." You're god damned right that it's an argument from emotion, but it's 100% based in fact.
The look of disdain on that woman's face while Cleet is speaking, disgusting. I sure hope the tracks survive.
Desoto speedway is a landmark, and where a lot of Floridians like myself grew up...!!! Screw all these northerners/snowbirds moving here...!!!! I was born at Sarasota Memorial Hospital in 79 and have always loved that track...! Ron Hurst, Bill Currie and their female driver(can't remember her name) won the track championship a few years in the nineties with the black number 3 Monte Carlo...! Good times and great memories...!!! That's where I learned all about Chevy engines, big & small...!!! Desoto Speedway needs to remain a landmark of southwest Florida...!!! Go some where else Snowbirds...!!! Thanks Cleetus, you're an acceptable snowbird...!! Keep up y'alls awesomeness...!!!
Just about the only way to be safe from being pushed out is to buy as much land around you as you can. Agricultural land is best for that. Pine tree growing.
I live about a mile from a small dirt race track. There is a mountain/hill that fills the space between the two uses; residential/entertainment. The hill is probably 300 feet tall. We hear the racing and I love it. Their berm will do NOTHING, nada, zip.
As someone who absolutely abhors any and all noise that penetrates my home, I stand with you. It is... stupid, to put it plainly, to construct homes so close to a racetrack.
I would challenge the language of urban development area...then strive for rulings to enforce the original urban development area be complied with...and for them to not go outside that urban development area zoning.
You must buy all the land around the race track .  It's your only option unless you like litigation.  Come on cleet  kick this in the ass.
You should have looked at /into any political figures that would have any interest in that housing development.  Boils down to greed and power.
I would buy a house next to you bro! 🎉
they did this to a local track. now they get to bitch and moan about the road right outside the development that happens to be long and straight with no hidey holes for cops has become the new dragstrip.
Your best option would be to try and buy the land yourself. Send the Property owners and investors an offer they cant refuse then you could potentially build "freedom factory hotels" that would be used for all major events. I.E. "the freedom 500" you could then plan more events and increase the city/county  revenue which commissioners and mayors love to see. Start a new era of racing/motorsports and host bigger and better events. You would then become a force to be reckoned with.
They doing the sound thing how dum are them lol .  Let them learn
….are you telling us for storm the council building?
We don't even do that here in Ohio, ridiculous that they are even thinking about it. Have DeSantis help you!
Hey what ever happened to this? I haven't heard anything or seen a video about it. It would be nice to know if thoes houses are being built. If I missed it please let me know.  Thanks!
DoE coordinates these things as their initial plan to promote EV's. There would be no noise attached to a track running such vehicles, and would in return be commended. It does attempt to kill any track that seeks to run loud, fossil fuel based vehicles. Their agendas run deeper than just simply erecting a massive project near tracks such as this instance, and is instead targeting the community we know and have grown to love. We can prevent/slow down this massive plague of anti-petrol legislation as long as we speak up, and unite as a group!
same thing with laguna seca. shame to see big corps sweeping these tracks into the bin.
How many people ended up going to support and is there an update?
I would sell half of my prized collections to live next to a track.  Every day, I'd be outside with a cold brew watching everyone race. I'm also half deaf, play loud instruments, and regularly go to the range with very loud firearms. Loud noises don't bother me. In fact, I sleep better with random loud sounds. I grew up on a small farm. The quiet can be peaceful, and it can be unsettling. I'm one of those guys that would wake up to a small noise, but if the music is playing; I sleep soundly.  I can't imagine better sounds than mechanical beasts pushed to the limit. Pure harmonious joy for me.  My wife however, she would be less than pleased...
exactly how my local MOST popular track in my contry, autodrome st eustache, quebec ,close after 60 years,,, bunch of shitty ppl complaints,,,, it suck,,,,
at least take your hat off
Let it go bro! Go invest your time and effort in residential housing!
I totally agree
🤘😎
That evil snake lawyer lady looking at you like she wants your land
You guys need to make MAX noise when they're showing the homes to "buyers"..   Let them KNOW there's a track there..  Out here, the sneaky sons of bitches showed the houses on monday and tuesday mornings (and mostly in the winter) when there were no events going on at the track..  Even if you put on an AUDIO ONLY show broadcast on the F-F speaker system..  Engines, burnouts, announcements..  A "ghost event" as it were..  As long as the audio is lifelike and can be heard at a distance.  It's all about establishing a constant presence even if there is no ACTUAL event going on.
A hoodie in Florida? What is it 75? 😂 😂 snowflake!!
The spin off of these tracks to areas bissness is important  if you stop these races what activities will be next
I know this late and all and it's just my 2 cents but, why are they even planning on developing at all? Isn't the housing market terrible right now? Who can afford it?
Just announced today that Bandimere will be clossed at the end of this season.
your fighting blackrock..... good luck
Cleetus: help me defend the freedom factory. Me: sure. Cleetus thats your freedom i'm referring to. Me: well consider it saved. Cleetus: technically its an artfical generated rape machine created by "god" . Me: oh .. then shut it down , damn, thanks .. i think... Cleetus: well it's your so called "company" and physical contacts which contributed to the removal of female freedom, therefor you have been pushed into poverty & closed off from doing any of the rapes & mind control. Me: oh right thats not right, so freedom is code for "no freedom". Cleetus: initially yes
Amazing and very well said and you are correct and historically you are very correct they shouldn’t approve them to build the homes that’s very bad for anyone and I haven’t been able to afford to go to y’all yet and I’m gonna be very upset if y’all close I can’t make it but i agree the tracks need to stay and I’ll support in any way I can
Is there any type of update on this anywhere ?
How am I just now hearing about this?
This gives me dukes of hazard feels I’m sure 99.9% of these viewers would stand up and object
@cleetusM if you build a 20 wall and a 5 foot curb on the top to the east side the will push the noise to the eats of the track that’s warranty it will work on the track favor on a 95%
I'm from Australia. I'll fly over there if it will help
This happened in Canada, close to Montreal. Autodrome St-Eustache was forced to close due to many noise complaints. This track was there for 55 years! Race cars are noisy duh! I live close to a railway. I know the train is loud but I'm not going to ask them to move the railroad!
Can you buy a plot of land that butts up to the track?  Increase the distance between you and the house.  A large concrete wall can help reduce the noise.  The put them up alone side the freeways in the Phoenix area.  A solar field on that plot of land?  Pull the tree hugger green energy card. Lol
any updates?
You were there first. They have killed our two local race tracks. The track in my hometown is a Hyundai dealership now.
The reason there's alot of land is that exact reason why the racetrack was decided to get build there in the first place 😅 is to stay away from these types of problems and now they are litterly bringing that over to those lands cause its all empty space , it is exactly the reason why the racetrack was constructed there 🤦
Start a go fund and buy the surrounding land.
If you can afford it buy it!!!
Local governments are always licking their chops for new property taxes. It`s a hard thing to fight against I wish you luck.
Is there any update on this??
Please don't let it die man
This kind of thing is all about tax revenue. Even if you're able to stop this now (and that is highly unlikely), eventually the wheels of progress will just grind you up.  Going the environmental route is one way, but I'd be asking for proof of sound mitigation, and what type of notification they plan to provide potential residents. A berm isn't gonna do it, they might get a 10db reduction which is nothing. And then there's a school going in right there too... that will be the final nail in your coffin. Kids can't concentrate, too much noise! Shut it down!
LAND OF THE FREE HOME OF THE BRAVE !!!  Do NOT let them push you around !
Only democrats can and have stopped progress, so unfortunately you will likely have to deal with a bunch of complaining neighbors.
I lived in a town with a short track3/8 oval  it was in existence for 60 70 years but it was ment to be development got it so I hope it don't happen but it will
Any feedback as yet?
Hey, Garrett, I wish I could come and support you in court but living in Australia makes it a bit hard. But I will send an email. Now I have been through what you are going through when I was a young bloke I was a keen motorbike racer. We lived in a city called Melbourne which at the time and still expanding so these race tracks which were on the outskirts of town or out of town when they were built were now part of the suburban sprawl as they called it. and it was creating some problems. So the governing body who already had a property with a motocross track and a dirt track on a big property with plenty of room about 70 kilometers from Melbourne. So we all got together the racing clubs and raised a lot of money and the governing body borrowed some money and before you new it the little town of Broadford had it's own motorcycle racing complex. Beautiful all problems solved one would think. So a year or so goes by big meetings big attendances loans are being paid ahead of time local businesses are going better than they have in years everything is going great. Until the property owner next door with his 500 acres or so did a deal with a developer and subdivided his property. So now instead of having one neighbor we now had 10 neighbors. and these neighbors the last thing they wanted to hear was the sound of race-tuned motorbikes ringing their necks all day. I could never understand to me it was like music but to them it was noise. So they got together and tried to shut us down. for the next two years or so we had to fight with everything we had to save that motorbike track. We had raffles we had fundraisers to pay the voulchers I meam lawyers Haha. And we won and that track is still there to this day and still operating. What saved us, in the end, is we had the business community behind us because from day one we had an agreement with the business community that where ever possible we would buy all our products locally. I don't know how this little story will help you because your circumstances are a bit different but I just wanted you to know I totally understand what you are going through. And want to say don't ever give up because you never know. And one more this is one of my favorite channels we can't loose you.  All the best Garry
Are you still able to keep the racetrack?
Find the animals that live on the property, go the violation of animal habitats. That’s a way to get a quick cease and decist and then u get the forestry and peta and the state agriculture involved and they have pull in the state
Buy the land
Sadly these days ,you got to know whose palms to grease ( AKA under the table lobbying ) and developers know how to grease palms.
WE DONT NEED MORE HOUSES WE NEED MORE JOBS
This track is pretty significant to me and my family since my dad scored his last win and this track back when it was desoto speedway, let’s save this track!!
I smell corruption
Good luck dude
3000 Acres??
Hell yeah brother from California 💪🇺🇸👍
If a USAF base with some of the loudest aircraft in service at the time can complain and prevent a NASCAR venue from being built near it at an existing drag strip, you operating permits will always be in jeopardy. I am surprised those other neighborhoods aren't already a PITA.
I am sick and tired of this stuff save the lakes      Enfield is fighting as well to stop a 850000sqft warehouse on farmland in between two lake communities
The officials are all bribed and we all know it. Bye Bye race track. We live in a corrupt world.
What ever became of this did it get approved or was there enough of us to Halt this from happening?
You need to get a little more business like. From now on, put on a suit and tie on and take the hat off. You're in a court you're in a planning office you look disrespectful. I'm sorry If I'm offending you, but you look cheap, No more than a kid with a hat on in a building. They're not going to take you serious looking like that you need to show some class. You are, after  all, a pillar of the public and a businessman. Please start acting and looking the part
👍
Zoning in the planning stage has multiple hurdles to negate. Environmental & Historic aspects are your primary control points including the overwhelming support by advocates of the Area regarding recreational activities that create financial & social benefits to the community. Fight the good Fight with Fundamental Facts & Research your Foe, this may not be their first Aquisition of titles in the guise of Urban Development.
Need to give them an idea of how much the racing industry brings in so the know what kind of golden goose they’ll be shooting.
75/80 Dragaway in Monrovia, MD was run out of town a few years back after the new neighbors heard the noise on the weekends!
Governments are concerned with power. That comes from "revenue." That is, money they take through taxation. A development means more to them than a racetrack. Power also comes from status. Politicians look down on race fans. Big homes mean status. possible contributors and country-club buddies. That means more than a bunch of grease-stained, beer-drinking drag strip fans.   Sad, but i predict the developers win. Let's see if I eat my words.
The sad thing is cranky New Yorkers will live in all of those houses and honk their horns louder than the track ever could be
Ask Elon musk to buy all houses and rent them to race fans
Hi Cleetus, I am from Ontario, Canada, and I am a big fan of yours , and I am so sorry to hear that you have this major housing development potentially on your property line. >>>I really hope that a lot of people in your area, and afar, really give you a lot of support,  as a lot of politicians, in all levels of government, stand to become wealthier, if this project is approved. >>>I think you will need to hire the best lawyer(s) that you can afford to represent your vested interest, as for all you know, it could be a done deal for the developer, as corruption is within all levels of government , and perhaps a good investigator could reveal and expose such, (or an experienced investigative journalist) before it is too late for you. >>>I sure hope the best for you Cleetus......and I hope that this developter does not succeed, as that will no doubt close your racetrack,  in due time.
I'm a small business owner in Manatee county, I'm closer to West Bradenton. I support you 100%, I'm here to help in whatever way I can. We allowed them to build and expand Lakewood Ranch they don't need to go any further. The commissioners just need to go back in their notes a few years ago. I support the channel keep on keepin on brother.
find a commissioner that like money and pay him off.
some tracks have a deal that Sunday they dont run open headers till past 12 noon. church reasons.
@CleetusM Has there been any update on this? Where are we at in this process?
The dam Chinese are buying up all of our land and our government don't hesitate to give it up ......I guess it's the same subject lol
Racetrack will stay damn it!!! 🏁
I came back to this video as Amazon is buying up farmland that I live in at an alarming rate. These warehouses they build take up hundreds of acres. These things are unbelievable in size. Absolute  monstrosities they are. Over half mile long and are just plain intrusive and unsightly.
sigh
I just emailed the staff members you listed above. I believe someone could buy the section of land from future developers. I will report back in the days to come.
Freedom Factory is here to stay. If the townfolks don't like it, they need to sell their house and move out. Freedom Factory is an honest business and it's here for all the racers regardless.
It's sad seeing all the land in FL turning into houses.. it's a damn shame!
I’m in Marion county Florida, developers and county commissioners are in each others pockets and really do not care about the Average citizen…  My house is on a 3 way stop sign that badly needs a solar flashing light, bumps in the road, Anything to help drivers see there is a stop sign coming up because I have now had more than 10 vehicles run through the stop sign into my fence,gate, yard and next home… I have done everything told to me by the county to do and Nothing.. remember these drivers never stop unless the car is to bad to move so I have to pay over and over to fix the intersection and my fence. Mean while on the other side of town a flashing light with road bumps was put up after one fender bender… I just do not get it
They did the same at Lega Seca. People move next to a race track and cry about it.  F these imbeciles.
You should try to hold a Craftsman Truck Series race, that would be the biggest race of your career. I know it would be a lot of work, but I would be epic.
NO WAY!
Cant’t keep a real nigga down! fight back. they can’t take what you built! they trynna kill racing!!!
Southern Raceway in Santa Rosa county Florida, and the drag strip at the edge of Okaloosa county had the same problem. New houses were built close by, new owners complained, county board restricted the track due to noise ordinances. Track fought back, lost, sold the track to new owners who used some better lawyers. Now they can operate in the evenings but must finish by 11PM. This is when many busy nights and would typically have racing going until 12-1pm and bring in a lot of money. Best way to fight back is have the people speak up and say no, keep it as agricultural zoning within 1/4 mile radius.
I feel for you guys ...here in Sydney NSW Australia, we lost some great tracks due to the exact same way.
Start building a legal case now with warnings and documents saying you tried to educate the developers and everything. Do not let them win.
Buy some land from them
Get whistlin diesel on this too. He loves a good court house appearance lol
Would an address overseas make any difference ?
Friends the freedoms are going away ! We need to change this country this is only the beginning they obviously don't care about our constitution!
it's not just the people turning up at the race track. You've got MILLIONS of people who watch the content you create at the track. This must have some impact on the decision. I hope you win. and if you do win, maybe look into buying part of the land outside of the track to prevent future greedy sobs from applying for building permission. Good luck to you all.
I think you're fighting on the wrong front I think you should be fighting for the agricultural land for the value it makes in feeding the country if you can I would suggest that you try and purchase the land and pay farmers to plant that land I know you're a race car guy and not in the farming but it's just a suggestion
I say this from experience living next to a racetrack if you are a race fan you don't mind it we have locally within a quarter mile apartments that are income based apartments and they don't mind the noise on the Friday Saturday nights when they have races I don't think this will be an issue for you nobody's really going to complain about the noise the fact that they want you to put up a 25 ft fence is retarded you were there first if they want to build something let them build but they have no ability to mandate you limit your noise or build something to protect them
forget it Clee,this happened to all the traks around me even Raceesy park Englishtown,NJ where the NHRA Summernats were held. They gradually started with homes,then some butthead starts with the noise complaints and " PRESTO"!!! Track is gone!! sell now.Even with the spectre of street racing claiming young lives,nobody listened. Don't bother with politicians unless you have pix of them naked in a hotel room with some girl scouts or better yet boy scouts.
People that buy houses near racetracks or airports can pay for sound abatement. This won’t help anyway. Shame on them for buying in the vicinity.
Racetracks and shooting ranges are near nonexistent in crapifornia because morons build homes next to them and then get them shut down.
I grew up in North East Texas. I've seen my childhood lands converted into cheap townhouses, apartments and enormous housing developments. I watched the zoning commissions of 4 counties around Dallas ignore the outcry and pin it on another county. Well US HWY 380 is still a shit-stain. So I'll be rooting for you and the Freedom Factory in this battle.
HEY CLEETUS GENTRY AND SONS NEED YOUR HELP THEY HAD A DEVASTAING FIRE THAT LEFT THEM WITH ALMOST NOTHING !!! PLEASE HELP THEM!!!😎👍🏻🇺🇸😇🦅🙏🏻
Loved you in space cowboys
That lady behind mean muggin you the whole time you were talking lol 😂🗑️
Happened in Huntsville, Alabama. Keep fighting. HELL YEAH BROTHER!!!
This this the shit that shuts down race tracks and have people street racing... they should make a law saying if a racetrack has been present in that location first there should be an minimum distance anyone can build any homes and or neighborhoods or they must comply with the noise... same shit is happening to the drag strip in sacramento ca they started building neighborhoods about 1 mile away from the drag strip then people start complaining about noise and want to shut the track down its pretty ridiculous
That's to bad. Good luck
Sadly bedding down three families per acre will generate way more taxes than visitors to a racetrack. Truly heartbreaking. Welcome to America.
Expect some kind of noise ordinance if they do build them ..that's what happened up here in Braselton, GA with Road Atlanta. They get a free pass for certain events and times though.
We lost ours last year. The Palm Beach International Raceway
Free test and tune 8am to 8 pm except when events are being held? People wont complain if they dont buy the homes.
They trying to make you be perceived as yankee or bad peoples.. and all you can do is buying time sadly.. i know few peoples across the globe that are personally targeted by just being Car enthusiasts with the all the pros and cons that it entails. Karen'n'Kevin generation of peoples grows stronger by the hours, and although they're all pretty much completely stupid to begin with, to more you oppose force to them the more they're in their right somehow ...  One of my buddy ended up himself because he couldn't enjoy his car to the very least and just cruised in it, his neighborhood filed a complaint and he was ordered to either put it on a trailer to a circuit or just stop using it, since it's a bone stock exhaust system, nothing could make it quieter.. i know that nobody gonna read this once more but i had to say it somewhere.. it would've been his 27th year this march..
Buy the land from them get the zoning changed to industrial use only if the zoning doesn’t allow for residential use then the homes can’t be built at all
This is a perfect example of what happened to Myrtle Beach Speedway.
Sorry to say, that despite how rich and successful you are..... it seems that you are now up against people with real power.  I would not be surprised to see the rug get yanked on you despite any support you may receive.
This keeps racing of the streets. Step up people.
I thought your kind liked building walls? 😂
There is no future in IC engines, just a fact
We're going to the same thing
You need to go get a couple of people that plays their car music loud because they got 30 speakers in the car and in the trunk and just send them by The Doors when you're in there damn the morning and turn the music on and ask them what do they want to hear this crap or race carp put Mufflers on them
I rather hear a race car been here all that loud music that people are playing when they're driving down the road go by your house rattle the windows all but that's okay huh
I live like 5 miles away from drift track. there is lots of appartment buildings and houses in betwean and if I have windows opened in my home I can hear them drifting whole weekend long.....
Oh well 🤷
You should have made your land purchase with precious metals
I sugest you Bay the Land and make it a Forest and then they can cut the tree's and it will help with Polution to
Just like anything of most seriousness...hire a Speech Writer/Copywriting for making the most convincing and eloquent presentation before municipality representatives. Don't be proud and think you can wing it or think you know what to say and how to say it.
im sorry bro this is bad
these people dont care about you or your track good luck looking for a new racetrack
This particular track is encouraging street racers to use a safe and controlled environment, saving lives and creating family entertainment from abroad. this is a very big deal today. Bring in some stats from street racing deaths, police chases and the burden resources
Switzerland: sell the land near shooting ranges for special low prices to new owners later these people start law suites against the shooting ranges in the end the shooting ranges have to be closed happened thousend of times 😩
America is too big for this to happen. Those homes can be built somewhere else.
Have the epa declare it a green belt
These developers are so fucking greedy it is ridiculous
Englishtown NJ died because of this.
I wouldn't worry too much they're about to run out of money
Sounds like you're pissing in to the wind bro... 5000 + homes the council with make a ton of money legitimately little lone the money they will get from bribes and back room handshakes
How symbolic...Freedom under attack by politicians.
Look bellveiw race track in Manchester gone because the fat cats makes money
the brass tax of all this, unfortunately, is the people pulling the strings and that own the land, have 100s of millions of dollars to gain from this. they are FOR SURE paying the officials here to vote to approve this. could even be billions in profit. think about the housing market, what each home goes for..... 4500 homes.... brooooooooooooo they WANT your racetrack to die, because then they can develop the land the racetrack is on once they buy it. they could give 2 shts less about the fact you will go out of business, they are just waiting to take your land for sure. this sht is brutal
If I lived in USA I’d gladly come and help.
Freedom factory is gonna die like my local track "parc"
I would if it was cheap and anyone could use it
It's all about money these people that are building the houses are going to be paying off politicians. If I was you I would hire private investigators to look into all this stuff Follow the money and you will find the fraud. You need to pay an environmental lobying group to figure out what animals live on that land. I'm sure they will come up with some kind of endangered worm.
I live 15 miles from I-55 dirt track and I can hear them ever Friday and Saturday night during the season. This is classic eminent domain and needs to stop!
Basic rule of life: NO FUN ALOUD ... someone is always jelous or whatever..
Don't blame the track blame your realtor
anyways... it´s always to my wondering why people do move next to a racetrack?  i mean usually i know that there is noise :D  best example in germany here now..  a family moves to a house in first floor, in this is is on the ground floor a bakery .... now they complain about the smell every day ...  i mean what in the hell are they thinking when they moved in fresh :D
They’ve been trying to close the racetrack here for years all these commiefonians Move up here and buy a house next to the racetrack and then complain about the noise, some of them are so oblivious and self-centered they want the airport moved I think it would be easier to just get rid of the crybabies.
Buy the land and then sign 100 year leases to some hotel chains and they can build hotels on the land so you can have easy lodging for track goers.
Just like your money hungry there other people that want to make money too, too bad for you
Take it to the track, No not like that! what a fucking joke take it back to the streets then fuck em
A hill I'll die on!
This is nothing more than corporate greed. And a lot of palms getting greased
We had a couple tracks shut down for this very reason in Michigan.  One of them required mufflers and had sound monitors to stop loud cars, eventually the track still had to shut down.
Here in the U.K one of the best race circuits (brands hatch) got ruined because they built houses onto the back of the track. Like their garden ends there’s 10ft of run off and there’s the track. We’re limited to 103DB and have a maximum number of events
No you fund your own problems
Do we need to be local?
They are definitely going to pull, money talks!!
Buy the land and make it invite only homes for racers only Like one of those fly in communities but for people who enjoy motorsports
Try to get the land deemed a historic location and have a board it might help.
In response to recent events, I oppose the rezoning of land adjacent to the Bradenton Motorsports Park. Historically, when residential units are placed adjacent to locations with high aggregate noise, those places end up facing uphill battles with their community and county. New proposed residents will eventually complain to local leaders about noise, that they agreed to when purchasing their domicile. Those leaders will begin to pressure that track owners and make it harder to obtain the necessary licenses to operate each year. Eventually those things lead to the collapse of the tracks. Those same tracks that bring thousands of people into the area annually for multiple events. Those tourists who spend their money in that county. Stay in your local hotels, buy your local foods, buy fuel, buy merchandise. All that gets taxed in Manatee County. You know what people who live there do? Go on vacation to some other county or state. Your only interest here is the potential property tax revenue you can gain, while dismissing the current revenue you already have. And you are heading into potentially one of the worst times to pursue the housing market, while potentially destroying a 50 year old track. After you lose that track, where is that revenue going to go? All those people who race there, where are they going to go…….right onto your roadways. So while you may gain a few dollars for some property tax, you’ll lose out on a sprawling community who come here because that track and the people who run it, make it somewhere that people want to be. There’s plenty of space elsewhere in Manatee County, destroying a part of history and a small piece of tourism just to sell some land.
Unless you are on the board of directors. They already won. But grind those gears as much as possible.
Agenda21 keeps pushing
How many more trees are they going to keep cutting down , they need to find some other property with out all the trees
I hope you got to keep your racetrack I dont like when the government pushes mandates and change on ppl especially when it something they enjoy aside fron their everyday hustle. Love and freedom. Is what we stand for and so shpuld the rest of our country. If you cant keep it country keep it old school
Worth fighting for. America is worth fighting for. Ill support
You buy the land out from under them problem solved.
they should develop the land to be things that benefit the tourism, more hotels resteraunts etc all race themed, really lean into that automotive tourism
Its how the race tracks on Long Island died. Only 1 left.
You should race ev’s lol
Like others have said make as much noise as possible during marketing as possible
Lol damn where is the description I'm so computer dumb
Everyone comment on all the big guys channels put out the word  ! Let's be heard !! Stop this from loosing another track . Stop the land grabs from taking all of everyone's options to race . Hit up  Diesel brothers, Matt's off-road,  Vise grip Garage , Fab rats, Hoonigans, , Make it custom,  Motor trend (if they care, ),  get the word out !!!!!!🇺🇲🇺🇲🙏🙏👍👍
Cletus, why not put a proposal together for the developers to put a 30 meter high fence back 2 acres away from the racetracks and build Hotels to accommodate fans and Race participants on those acres right next to the racetrack. They would make way more money than just building houses on them. That’s my solution. Big fan.
I feel like this happens in every county of every state. Maybe not the drag strip part but houses being built everywhere. Part of the reason why me and my wife sold our house and moved to the country.
They should make the zone around the track as business or industrial not residential
This situation reminds me of the kill dozer incident
Damn wish ya bought enough of the land to prevent issues. If you had bought the land and sectioned into half and sold the half furthest away from ya
Well hate to be a Debby downer, but 4500 homes providing property taxes and all the other economic input is going to outweigh whatever you do. I hate this but it’s a lost cause.
Tear that trash down
Perhaps buy the adjacent property?
Whoa, that sux. NOT The Freedom Factory!!!  🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁 I'll try that for you but if these people are democrats, you have no chance. :(
Merry Christmas 🎅
My childhood track in ca closed because of this.  I fully oppose the application
What if the city paid for a new racetrack to be built?
So build somewhere else,, People need housing more than a bunch of amateurs racing.
Watch them get death threats
Well if you built it on the moon to avoid living areas and all that then its only a matter of time before they build homes next to it no mater wherer your race track are or move to then its just a matter of time before somebody wants to build living homes next to it.  EDIT: Feel free to use this comment if you want.
Find some endangered species living on the land so they can not build on it ,there might be endangered salamanders to look into
Wish I lived near a racetrack !
If it is private land and you was there first how could they restrict what your doing
Housing developments sucks there cookie cutter house overpriced and keep destroying forests and farms next will be your race track, cause That’s a lot of tax dollars they don’t want to waste. It’s a damn shame
Really wish these people would stop allowing these developers to burn up every once of land they can get their greedy hands on. We have the issue of developers having counsel members in their back pockets... where unfortunately, the infrastructure is not able to keep up with current demand, more or less the tons of new houses.....
I've grown very weary of these pop-up housing divisions in such random places. Some rich asshole hires a crew to cut down several acres of land, lay foundation, built cheap ass Styrofoam houses, then _maybe_ 30% of them are actually utilized. One popped up behind my folks' place and it's nearly dead. A guy I saw on the news had to put his recreational shooting on pause for a while. He used to plink cans with his rifle all day long with no one around to bother him for miles. Suddenly homes were built a hundred feet from his property line and since then he's been reduced to shooting suppressed while also sitting in a sound-dampened little hut. Now the same people want to bust in close to your turf and will complain about the noise.  This is the part where we say kiss our asses. There is too much housing planning going on and a lot of it isn't really being lived in. Too expensive and out of the way.
You're only free until the Government says you're not....
Every single one of you who goes to this man’s racetrack as a racer or a spectator needs to show up to show out. Lets get these emails going  let’s get everyone at this building and please please let’s all be civil and respectable, it doesn’t matter where we are from everyone. I’m from queens ny , never been to the track and I’m still  gonna send emails.
this is a long shot brother, hope it all goes well but i don't see this not happening. Housing vs race track politic at its best and taxes on 4500 house they want. sad event here.
That race track was my home as a child hood kid
It would be cool if you and Matt from demolition ranch could by the land and put up your own hotel and resort for the track
Instead of housing developments what they should put there is hotels to help draw more peoplend they would make more money restaurants car dealerships. That would be a good suggestion for them. Maybe you could even put a part store in for the company you bought in too. You could even sell track merchandise there.
I’ll be one of the neighbors to listen to the race track sounds like a win win to me
People don't realize how much money a racing facility can bring to a sleepy community, even indirectly. Small businesses get a spike in sales around these events. I usually eat at many of these places and they really enjoy the increase in business. There are quite a few records where a community collapsed because that was their only draw.
I mean the irony is the “FREEDOM” factory is trying to limit what other people can do on their own land
Can we say: “commission please oppose this development…do it for Dale”
Thats is messed up why do they have to try to ruin everything good. I don't live in your state so I don't think writing an email would help
The thing is those 4k+ homes will make far more money than that racetrack ever will… soooo the least of their worries is that racetrack unfortunately.. sucks but that’s just how it is.. just like the government can come and take your land and build businesses on it and you can’t do a thing about it but get a settlement..
Buy all the houses next to the big tracks
This was his dream and there not gonna take it away not fair love the race track
Can't you buy some of the land to increase the gap between the tracks and the houses?? people gotta support this,if you love racing you Have to support this.
keep up the good fight
The fact that they say hey you do this because we are building houses. Like dude it was here before they started building the houses. So they just need to deal with it
We have enough development here in Florida and it's destroying the water table already. How about these large land owners actually do some real farming and contribute something to society.
A fence will not work. I lived next to a freeway and heard the constant drone of traffic, and that freeway is adjacent to the Milwaukee Mile, and could still hear that. Is there a way for you to get some type of historical designation to protect the track and functionality?
the local track here in arizona, Arizona Motorsports Park has been slowly dying due to neighboring houses. There are two decibel limiters on either side due to new home owners being upset by the noise. Craziest part is that next to the track is luke air force base. they literally have jets flying above and people are upset at the track. plain ridiculous.
More power to you / us (I'm in UK).  The UN Sustainable Development Goals don't have much room for people doing people stuff.  That's what we're up against.  They'll reconsider when it's made clear that these plans are destructive (which they very much are).
The track was there first. I would move in the area I love drag racing I don't care all day long I would listen to that sound of screaming engines maybe this can work half people sign off on noise complaint.
Well city needs property tax money  they could care a less about  you sorry good luck .
sent we support you
Get your local tv news channel to talk about thisa issue reach out to them it a good story for them my be pressure will help
😅Semi off-topic adjacent topic rant:  People dont like to see others having fun in a way they dont enjoy themselves. Legal or not, the fun police (terrorists) live among us all. One day. Seriously. Not only will motorsports become illegal, but were all going to be passengers in our own cars, as it will be a requirement that they are self driving for motorway safety… the end of fun, but we all know better that autopilot tech is far from perfect even in dry sunny conditions. Now “we” are collectively so stupid that we will pay companies like Tesla  to be an autopilot crash test dummy… i say all this at extreme risk of sounding like a dinosaur, but seriously we are so close to living this nightmare.
It's all bout money. Only other way is for racers to buy all those houses that are next to the  track. Good luck!
A lot of people don't realize that China bought 6 billion dollars + worth of real estate in the US last year alone. Don't give up any inch of anything. We're being bought out literally!
Three houses per acre is tiny, these things are going to be so crammed together and every single house will be identical, I hate the suburbs with a fiery rage
Cletus, I feel your pain. I had lived within 3-5 miles of Great Lakes dragway for a good part of 40 years. As I watch union grove, Wi grow I fear the same fate. I loved hearing the sound of the drag cars at night, and the thunder of the jet cars on holiday weekends.  The ironic part is, I had lived in Bradenton, Fl, for around 2 years. I had spent most of my weekends at your 2 tracks ( I was an engine builder at the time).    Good luck and god, speed!
How can we petition against it? If we’re out of state?
This is exact plan they did with Detroit Dragway in Michigan. The Dragway was already considered historical.. But between the land developers and the city all they seen was dollar signs for their own pockets.🤮🇨🇳💩🤡
Protecting the power grid by filling up my gas tank. Not falling for the green  lie while more than half the country charging their Tesla's by coal🤮🥒💩🇨🇳
Contact the owners of Firebird Raceway in Boise, Idaho.  They have made steps that they can never be shut down. Sounds like the only track in the country to do it.
I’ve watched this area grow from tomato fields and cow pastures to wall to wall subdivisions of $400k to 1mill+homes. Lakewood Ranch must be a desirable place to live. I’m a working fella, but I see these people out and about in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. I wonder what they do to afford the fancy houses in the gated communities.
Let the engine's roar !!! Hope your dream stays alive.
Here's an idea if this gets approved: buy a house in that subdivision and create an HOA.  Use the HOA (home owners association) to force compliance with track rules and if a resident complains, use their HOA agreement against them.
It's very simple if people don't like noise then don't buy house near a race track!!
Free the freedom factory
affordable housing is so much more important than a space for you to play and avoid responsibility when your friends get hurt  get fucked
It's just a legal and not so direct way to close all the tracks.. they are taking our freedom by way of the back door all over the country...
The developer will build a 25 foot wall because they know there is noise. Ask if that is an admission that they know in advance that there will be a noise problem. What will they do if the wall doesn't work? Who will be finically responsible for a solution if their wall doesn't work?
Tell me why why when the race track there long ago needs to do anything to make anyone happy they wanna built that's there problems how to make sustainable they picked the site they well know what's there but know it's your problem to solve and pay for to make them cocksuckers happy this is unreal bullshit
IMO you got hosed on the property you purchased. I've heard from investors that something like this was in the works long before you purchased any land. Those county officials are probably already invested in said land that's going to be developed and they will have no problem closing the track down. The amount of money in property taxes alone is enough for them to ignore this fight.
The failed out of college lawyer is sounding pretty lawyerish! Love it!
You should have asked or proposed for them to put two city blocks wide of commercial and/or industrial zoning between your track and the homes.  At least then you would have a buffer between the two.
It's a shame that these  bureaucrats can't see beyond their own greed both monetary and political. Politicians are morons.
This sucks buddy.
Why should we help you? Have you made the Freedom Factory accessible to all of us? It's just a compound you bought from the proceeds of our likes and subscriptions. So I say, fend for yourself buddy. Maybe do more for the community you squander in next time.
Just sent emails to them all
Hits close, I never even got to see shuffletown
Yes got too make sure that race track is loud or you’re out buddy
I hope it does not close down because that is going to put more people out on the street Drag Racing I oppose
Figure out a way to buy the land. Then figure out a way to make that land work for you.
That happened to my local racetrack. You guys are probably all heard. The story of Altamont raceway, the Rolling Stones and the Hells angels that was my local track. It got shut down because a lawyer decided to buy the house on the top of the hill and complain about all the noise he found a way to get the track shut down Contract was owned by a company that had a race track in southern California and in central California and that was our weekends Friday and Saturday nights was the racetrack they’re doing it to our local dragstrip here in Sacramento California they keep saying we’re gonna have to shut down we’re gonna have to shut down, but they keep fighting People need to understand that they’re moving next to a race track if they don’t like the noise then don’t move there.  For your guises sake, I hope they do not approve it because all the money you put into that track will be gone and then those race tracks will turn into housing tracks.
This is kind of like Yellowstone
😂😂😂
Let your buddy. The one u did wrong have a cut of each race.
challenge their competency
Take a look at Pacific Raceways in Washington State. Formerly Seattle International Raceways. They had to do a lot of mitigation to stay in business.
I'd love to go but I have no way of getting down there to Florida from Huntington Beach California
It's only when people like all of us have a lot of fun and benefit from something and things succeed that the government and States want to shut us down because they didn't get a piece of the pie
Hey Cleetus, do you have to be a resident of Manatee County to send the board of county commissioners an email opposing the new development? I am a resident of Polk county and support you and what you’re doing for the racing community 100%  Sincerely,  Rob Davis
There will never be an end to this dynasty
Why don't you just buy the land?
We already have water restrictions in Florida, but they still want to add 4500 more homes?  The developers know they can buy the land at a reasonable price, build the development, then get the locks to close any noisy businesses in the area, so they can develop it also
Can ignite fuel buy it and grow hemp for fuel, cbd, cloths?
I don't think they realize how many people are going to show up.  This will be epic.  As a Canadian I hope all works out for everybody.  Golly
This is why Gulfport and hub city went to shit
Take it off the streets and to the tracks. Also them: let's stuff our pockets and build new homes and close the track. Back to the streets then? Why didn't you mention anything about keeping the racing off the streets and at the tracks?
And just think they take our track they're gonna have their hands full with us ripping thru their neigh or hoods. Cuz sorry if I drive 11 hrs to race I'm fkn racing whether the track is there or not. They better not make a single str8 road in that division
None of those people give a shit cleetus. They're politicians not real people. Public comfort and happiness is the least of their concerns. All they want is profit. No matter what it destroys or how many communities it tears apart. Welcome to the new world order. Nothing can stop this. It will take a civil war to win our country back.
I sent an email!!!  I live in Oregon so I cant make it in person.  I hope they deny them building homes close to your track.  We need a safe place to race
We have this issue in Virginia Beach, Virginia as well, but not with race tracks as much as jet noise. People have the audacity to build a house  in the 1960's near Naval Air Station Oceana (which was built in the early 1940's) and then say the planes are too loud. The military then says that they'll shut it down, in which the state begs them not to close it and crash the local economy. People lack the respect to understand what/where they are buying and plan accordingly.
I hate to be the one to tell you this but you lost the minute you talked as a YouTube character and not a business owner. Yes, part of your business is the character but you know what I mean. And when they said the track would stay open because they wouldn’t want to pay a lawsuit was laughable at best. Their lawsuit payout will easily be covered by tax income.  Better start looking for hundreds of acres to start from scratch.
This reminds me of a man in my local area had his business closed down because they built houses to close to his business it was a clay pigeon shooting club he got depressed so one night he burnt 30 houses to the ground and hung him self from the bannister of the show home. This is not advice but people didnt want to move to the area because they thought the local community were nuts like this man.
You’ve probably already thought of this, have developers put a $10 mil bond to to track anticipated future    Loss.
Surprised that this type of scenario happens much in the US where there is SO much space to locate things without having the need to build houses next to race tracks!  Surely there are multiple other areas where new homes can be built away from noise and industry etc.
Race them the bet and pinks free passes
Hey man listen I've lived here my whole life and I honestly grew up right next to the racetrack you don't have enough money to fight these people or win because that's what it's about I really hope that they pick your side but I don't think they will I mean my family's lived in this County for 150 years yeah you're not going to win man I'm sorry
How about the impact this will have on street racing? City officials want their city to be safe yet want to close all racetracks where people are able to legally and safely do their racing. Street racing incidents will increase and that's going to be all on them
After 417 nothing is impossible!! You and wade run some top shelf shit over there, lots if hope for you guys 🙏
What is your interest in what is being planned?  Unless you have an interest, there is not much you can do.  It's up to who buys these homes to know what they are doing.
Man this pisses a guy off. I've lost some of my favorite dirt oval tracks up here in WI due to the exact same reason
Fuck new housing developments, only thing they do is ruin everything and bring a bunch of clowns into town
I hate housing developments
I can’t copy the dam emails
I appreciate the stuff you do, but I really hate all that freedom bullshit. Your american freedom is not that free to begin with or often does not make sense to someone from Europe.
This is messed up bro
No different then  building next too a airport, sooner then later,Karen's will file noise and nuisance complaints against the track
oh no spoiled rich kids and their rich hobby have to go somewhere else. get lost more housing is better for everyone not just you yuppies
this is the same thing that happened to thunderdome in melbourne Calder  park Victoria Australia 🇦🇺. now have to shut down and noise restrictions.
Now I dont know if itll help being that i am from Canada but i have emailed them all. we have dying tracks here too and im tired of it
New home development is how we lost Atlanta Dragway
Good luck I hope you get all the support you need.. it’s a terrible situation, and I just don’t understand why our venues are closing.. Racetracks give back so much to the community more than most realise.
I wonder if you could file an immediate injunction or sue the CC and land owners/corp. for diminished property value and compensatory damages (loss/closing of tracks based on decades of historical data) good luck. Developers should make it a race fan neighborhood!
You should really look into how this is being pushed so fast without thoughts about the impact. People make alot of money off pushing these huge housing development projects. They dont care about anything but how much is lining their pockets. If they dont make a ton of money off your track then losing the track wont effect them. It was an outstanding effort putting the track out there as this brings in out side "tourist" money and intrest but they ant making the money off that as they will this multi million dollar project. It has happened to all the tracks in this area all the tracks have died out and most are now strip malls and shoping centers and the last historic track in the city they are bulldozing into a park soon. I wish you all the luck in the world to save the tracks these tracks are history and heritage for so many folks.
Oppose
Those fukkers are only after money. They don't care about anything else.
DON"T GIVE UP DON'T GIVE IN
Hate to say it.   But id be planning to move and sell your property while you can
Ok ok    I get the drag strip noise..    what do you do about burnout competitions?    The folks will effin hate that smoke especially if the wind is right......   what a bummer dood
Why don't you buy the property and make that 2700 acres into a offroad park
I say keep the race track
I say if the plan continues there should be a clause in there to allow the race track to stay where it's at and not close or have to move
Have you checked out that new 200 acre race track in tampa bay being built? I hear its like half a million dollar racetrack side condo with private car garage with direct access to the track......its pretty crazy to look at....whats your take on this? Easily not for low or middle income but might have to look at how these guy built and designed it.
💯
It will be built. Florida is screwed.
Love the Dale carving behind you. I love watching him drive.
If it goes to the state level and gets approved you HAVE to be sure that track is busy and loud EVERY DAY while those lots are being developed.
the track was there first so just dill with the noise or sell it to the track
Need to buy out the estate start a go fund me and get a price
Murcan freedom 😂. sucks bro but it all about that dollar, and not much else.
Sounds like you need 2 find an investor to buy out the land that's surrounding the race track 🏁
No
Can you not buy that property if they would sell it
✌🏻💚✌🏻💚grip it and rip it💚✌🏻💚✌🏻
Is it too late to email since the 15th was a week ago?
Shows up in a t shirt and ball cap.......very professional.
What you have to do with all those people is create a quick nonprofit organization, and put them in as students/volunteers for children, new drivers community/ministry style groups to keep kids off the streets and drugs campaign. It has to be officialized, they do not hear loudness anymore in numbers unless you guys/we are United and organized correctly otherwise they will continue to bulldoze over all of our I'm sure attempts at rallying.  This upsets me as well brother. That's why you need to have a team of attorneys surrounding you and assisting you with you're wishes.
Bro just buy the whole fooking new subdevelopment, and/or get with the group who will assist in purchasing it. Then you build your own Lakeside/race side home living community. Come on bro you shouldn't be up there talking to those people, you should be in the background with the other go millionaire/trillionaires to buy that property. That's the only answer. They just closed our last race track down here in Phoenix after my entire life at the track, 40 years
Developers are scum and the city are just out for their money/kickbacks.
Since the race track has had so much success, some of that zoning should be instead planned for enlarging track and it’s amenities. Either that OR city providing new better and bigger place to construct entirelyn race track and give also funds for that. That way they could also zone residential to the current race track location. Greetings from Finland. The problem you are facing is happening all over the world to racetracks.
Sorry dude… Central planners don’t give two shits about your racetrack’s tax footprint. They’re going to make the city and county tens of millions per year on property taxes/sales taxes from those home owners. And eventually, your track will be dismantled. You see… without taxable population growth, a county or city cannot pay for the upkeep and repairs of ALL of its PRIOR built infrastructure. Don’t forget, law enforcement and fire dept. employees pensions and overtime pay.. lol You’re fighting a losing battle.. Grow up. Central planners own you.
why dont you all buy that land and get the whole race community to put some money in so they all own the land and do as you please with it .? or  if you cant win buy half the houses of the plan make em rentals for the race track .
Urban Sprawl is so dumb. Like please stop building so many darn subdivisions and suburbs.
Leroy alone needs a 40' cement wall. Forget about a promod
I lived by a quarry that had been the towns main employer for 50 years, they built 30 McMansions and sold them on weekends when it was inactive. lawsuits and environmental complaints followed and 4 years later the quarry gave up and closed. So no matter what they, say it will be the end of the racetrack!
Hope this works out for you, and you keep your track.  Rather not see farmland go to homes, who can eat a home?  Maybe all the race enthusiast can buy up all the homes and be close to the track?  Have special exempt zone for the track?
Race tracks, small airports, and shooting ranges.  All going away, and you can thank the Karen's for that.  Not going to change.
Seems like a developer found a cheap deal on land.  Mostly because it is outside the accepted development area.  SO they want to penalize the race tracks in order to build on their cheap land.
If worst comes to worst and this housing community does get built, I hope the community gets filled with car enthusiast as slim as that reality is, but I would for sure look into buying a house as close to the track as possible to make sure there is one less house complaining!
He'll yeah Brother!
The shadow from a 25ft wall is not very aesthetically pleasing. Who would want to live next to a massive noisy wall?
You can thank the Yankee fucks for all the houses being built down here
This is bullshit. Leave the last good thing in this country alone. No gotta build unaffordable Holmes to kill the race track.
This is the same thing that happened to my grandfather's drag strip years ago. Also my grandfather was the person who came up with bracket racing. RIP Thomas A Ferrell. Hope the same dosen't happen to you.
I would love to live right next to the racetrack. But it's not a perfect world.
same in every country , even worse in europe ! and dude these politicians have equity or are friends with that realty project , we're talking big money , thats gonna be a tough fight , but we gotta try !
Find out if there are migratory birds or endangered species
There's no point man because the more they build the more they're going to restrict you and eventually it's going to get to the point where they're going to win. I've been racing all my life and I've lived in Phoenix for 30 years and I've watched race tracks out in the middle of nowhere and in town to getting wiped out one after another. I also have a shop in Phoenix and it's on some rule Farmland kind of in a suburb of Phoenix called Peoria and I'm about two blocks from a huge horse farm that has everything from horses to chickens to grain and hay and they've got emus and goats and sheep and all kinds of weird looking cows from like Africa and shit and just tons and tons of animals and they have their own butchering station and they have their own scales and manure and bean sales section and they butcher their meat and actually have a huge Refrigeration plant over there where they bulk up all the meats and stuff before they hit auctions or whatever they do so they're basically a full-fledged huge commercial farm that does everything from eggs to Dairy to grain to Meats to live animals to selling manure the selling soil mixed with manure to hay and soybean and corn, and as soon as they started building houses around them air quality control started fucking with them about the smell of the cow shit even though developers bought Farms right next to the cow shit production facility and they eventually ran the farmers that have been there almost 300 years out. Same thing with most of our NHRA shit and ihra shit and are NHRA boats and a lot of even the road race courses and motorcycle courses here in Phoenix, tucson, wilcox, flagstaff, have all been eventually weeded out in stages. First they build and say it's no big deal and then they make you do the burns and bushes and then they make you cut down to certain hours and then they make you mandate everybody uses mufflers and then they mandate only so many cars on the track at a time and then they mandate a certain RPM and then it's pointless cuz at that time nobody wants to race at your fucking race track and your ruined. If you have two huge developments coming up by you you need to sell that land off so those morons can buy houses and probably do okay on the sale and find another race track further out on the edge of town and hope they don't build out there in your lifespan. Unless you're a huge conglomerate and have a lot of City sponsors back in you and big money for every type of lawyer on the planet which could be hundreds and hundreds of thousands or even Millions dude there's no sense in fighting population. It is running this planet and there's no way in hell you'll be able to stop something that is literally killing a planet think about it. Either let it drain you dry and fight the American dream which by all means God bless you for doing if you go that route, or be smart and get the fuck out and get paid
I would love to move next to your track 😂promise won’t complain
Garrett Lol you're name isn't even Cleetus McFarland  You're a communist
Only option you have is too buy the land yourself.
Nothing but greed from developers I despise all involved
Damnit,. This really sucks 😡
I would suggest that if this housing project is given the greenlight to build outside the current boundary, you have a duty to put up billboards on the roads leading to this project informing potential buyers of the inherent hazard associated with moving next to a race track.  IT WILL BE LOUD, SO DON’T BUY HERE IF YOU WILL BE BOTHERED BY NOISE.
Track in our town died because of development. Sad thing is it has sat empty for 8 years. Total eye sore.
I've never been to Florida, never been to the Freedom Factory, hell I don't even watch your videos, but I know how important the Freedom Factory is to the car community. I live all the way on the other side of the country but I still sent an email since it's the least I could do. There are too many content creators intertwined within the bones of the freedom factory that shine an enormous light of positivity on the car community that it would be a sad day in history if it were to be shut down.
I live 4 miles away from the Gainesville drag track .....and I can hear the all  races ... A wall will do nothing !!!
Opposing all the way from South Africa.
I believe that the other side must be having some kind of under the table deals.
This is the problem across Sydney atm ..
I'm going to vote against you.
I live in Colorado and their doing everything they can to shut down bandimere speedway!! These land developers are money hungry evil p.o s people!! I also heard a rumor that they in the future they will try to do the same thing to red rocks amphitheater which is world famous and considered one of the greatest places on earth to play they say you've made it in music of you've played red rocks and there's talk of closing it and bandimere because of housing developments being built and Karen is going to bitch about the noise but she is the one that moved next to a track or an amphitheater in my situation!! Go cleetus you are being the change that your area needs!!!
Oh the problems money brings . The government will take your land if you make too many waves my friend
This is how we lost so many race tracks in Southern California.   Good luck man but you can't stop progress.  Land is valuable.
All these government employees and commissioners were already paid off to vote yes, you are fighting an unwinnable battle my friend. This is America. I wish you the best of luck though.
Respect the hell outta you for standing your ground and making a great argument on your behalf. I hope they see the light and reduce the amount of units and proximity to your track so you can clock another 51 years. You got this.
Is it possible to buy part of that land ?
Unfortunately your going to loose...especially when it comes to home building or development
Put in a hog farm as a buffer
If these homes get approved, the track is done.
If they keep closing tracks, expect a lot more street racing. But the racing will continue. Always has, always will
This used to be a free country. People decided. Now , politicians have become way too greedy and it’s no longer what do the people want, it’s what do I get out of it. Stop closing everything people do recreationaly.
Seen a few tracks get shut down over the years. Always the same story: track; middle nowhere. No problem until urban sprawl.  Shut down the tracks and people will race on  the streets. Developers should be responsible for the building the wall if they're putting in 4500 houses.
I have had sound levels debated with neighbors and you have to look at decibels above the ambient level, What drives me nuts is,>>> Just because you can hear it, Does not make it loud<<<
Just an idea but does the county have any industrial land available that could stand for new tracks ??? If so then sell off the tracks to the developer and build a bigger better freedom factory and drag strip that will not be hindered by the Karen's of society.. This could be a win for all parties!
Stupid government officials: "wHy ArE tHeRe So MaNy StReEt RaCes?"
Cleetus I'm sorry I wouldn't be able to go due too busy life but please give us a link where we can sign, I myself will sign what your doing for us enthusiast is amazing and keeping racing off the streets
It’s about tax dollars. Nothing more. That’s what they look at. Government bureaucrats. Good luck.
Yea I agree you don’t put a race track I. The middle of nowhere in 1970 then when everything blows up move your family next to it cause it’s a popular area because of the race track I would live next to it hey if it’s a nice house and others don’t want it I can deal with it.
That place is going to be packed ! Everyone will show up
Man developers are ruining florida if I ever leave they’ll be the reason
there are far too many examples of this happening world wide. developers getting zoning changed and that change endangering the use and even existence of these facilities and businesses. in my early adulthood i had a dirt track speedway with 1/8 mile strip and a huge burnout and skid pan area less than an hours drive away. thanks to local and state government (and the undeclared corporate donations), the entire area encompassing and including the track was rezoned for medium industrial use. the land was now worth far more, the facilities were ageing and maintenance costs were increasing. sound familiar? anyway, i don't blame the owners but they got an offer too good to refuse and then another community and historically valued motor sport facility was gone forever. for over 50 years we had a hill climb in our city right though a council park area next to ocean. beautiful scenery, great track, always crowds and competitors from far and wide. council killed it because it annoyed the self entitled, WOKE, few. "FOUR F'ING DAYS A YEAR"! have people in the street with "do it for Dale signs. lol. my greatest hopes for success not just for you but for everyone.
That whole area is growing like crazy because of Lakewood Ranch. Hopefully it gets worked out. We were just at the Snowbird Nationals and we’ll be back soon.
Could you possibly buy the land, and I also hate them for wanting to put homes the that farm land
In America you can’t tell me what I can and cannot do with my own land it’s my constitutional right to do with what I pleased with what I own my rights are my property and my property are my rights!!!!
I think you need to remind the council how much outside monies you bring them ea month
Sounds like WD wants a spare 2700 acres to make a MonsterMax playground.
I lived about 20 miles from our local dirt track growing up.  Summer nights I could hear it no problem with the windows open.  A berm is a joke - our track had 40'+ tall berms around it too.  They put in the development and the Freedom Factory will be dead because people suck.  Just like our local dirt track.
Bro just have racers buy all the houses. I love the sound of engine anytime.
People built houses around here right against the walls of an oil refinery and immediately started to complain about the sounds, lights, smells, and ugliness of said refinery. Are you blind and deaf? Did you you not notice the giant flare from the backyard when you toured the house before purchase? This is exactly what will happen in this case. People blinded by their desire to own a fancy new home they'll block out all the negatives, have buyers remorse, then do anything they can to complain and get the race track shut down ("This racetrack does not belong in our neighborhood!!!") as if it wasn't there first...
Money talks
Sorry bro but it's over. Your gonna have to move or give up.
Everybody show up like them tractor boys did at that school....was related to whistlin diesel I think,I could be wrong
Goodness, can the schools and infrastructure even support this many additional people.
Just sent the email brother! We all love you and support you I hope this all gets shut down soon so you can focus on content!
That whole area has been nothing but a shizzz hole for ever what the fukkk
Happens here in Finland too. Race track in the middle of nowhere for years, then people buy summer cabins "near by" and then make a group with green politicians to lobby against the track and then the business dies.
Keep the race tracks alive...🇺🇸👍
You better LAWYER UP! They can move in next to you, you can't stop them, BUT at the same time they can't "dammage or discriminate" against your business! 😱😁🤪🤣👍👍🇺🇸
I'm sorry I couldn't come. I live in rural Northwestern Illinois so I was not able to go to Florida. I have e-mailed them all and will continue to fight like hell to save this track. From one America loving country boy to another.
Does an address from ireland count?
People will just go to the street I hope they know that
a 25' wall will not stop the sound.
Was going to email but I noticed Thursday was like 5 days ago😔
Done.
Good luck!  I live 5 miles from a track and can hear them at night.  I don’t mind and knew it going into it.  But it’s a JOKE to think a 25 ft fence will do anything for people who live that close.  This is exactly how tracks and gun ranges die out.  Best of luck!  Developers pull all kinds of shady backhanded deals with city council.
Surprised to see conversion of agricultural land. That's a big no no in Sweden due to loss of self sufficiency of food from a country perspective.
There gonna sell out to the money your fucked. They politicians will sell their soul for a dollar
Same thing happens to shooting ranges…
1.4 mil views, if only 10% of us act, thats a lot of letters...
They want to build a wall around the freedom factory. Sounds about right.
Would they allow the build that close to a airport or railway yard ?
Bro my prayers are will you wish I could help. They closed the only drag strip for 100s of miles. Because it was too noisy
It's how the Kansas city track died 😭😭😭
You explain too much people aren’t stupid I could gather what was happening when you’re at the podium you lost my interest just with all your bitching about the same thing it’s redundant I get it I’m on your side but shut up sooner thanks
buy it cleetus!
Same problem here in uk my nearest drag strip 370 miles away
I wish i could be there in person man but you definetly got my support for this i love your channel and hope to make it to the track 1 day soon for a race keep up the great work and please every1 who is able to show up lets not act like buncha fools like washington dc incident we dont need that happening and them pinning it on cleetus that will guarantee a negative outcome so please if you go just be civil and respectful so we can save the freedom factory
This is going to increase street racing in that area if they manage to close it down…. I would think the state wouldn’t appreciate 100 times more street racing just because they want to put 4500 homes and shut down the only safe place for kids and also professionals to go race. This is ridiculous!
GET EM🏁🏴‍☠️🏁
Our drag strip shut down in Salt Lake City!  You could hear it for miles. Construction is a real problem for these historic sites. I grew up watching tons of events and now it’s just gone.    This was the next door neighbor to Godfrey trucking whos backyard helped bring the world Nitro Circus.   We do have a sports park in the next county over but no drag strip or oval. It’s just not the same as “Rocky Mountain Raceway” People will regret it but they won’t know until it’s gone and too late.
only solution if they build this development is all racing fans buy up the houses and form a racing HOA/Track day membership.
Cleetus. You ABSOLUTELY need to be scheduling meetings with the County Commissioner in that Distict. The best chance you have of defeating this, is to get this person on your side.  I deal with this routinely, and unfortunately most Commissioners are in the pockets of the Developers. Please schedule meetings with all the Commissioners, mainly the one who’s District it is.
what the heck is wrong with these people? they know that street racing is illegal yet they keep forcing tracks to close then cant figure out why there is an incline in street racing🤪
I support you Cletus 100% f*** the naysayers
If Florida would ban corporations and LLC from owning single family homes, then they wouldn't need to build the new homes. Corporations shouldn't be allowed to own residential property. We can't work for the company we live in their home.
Clete, if we can’t stop the application, we will all come together and buy all of the houses. And not complain. I would love to live right next to the track!!
id live next to a track .......those homes should be designed for race car drivers they sell better ...
Realtors will never tell homebuyers the truth.
GOOD LUCK 🤞🤞
You need to take this very seriously, your speech was not professional. Hiring a consulting firm and attorneys is the minimum you can do to have a chance against this. Next you need to have individual meetings with all of the officials, and make large campaign donations, find opponents for the ones you can't turn, and yourself run for office.
Surprised this is getting this far with NASCAR and GatorNationals. You need to get some historic site license or designation.
@cleetus2mcfarland20 you did a good job outlining the issue, and helping us understand what is going on.  However, you didn't do a good job articulating your point (that they shouldn't rezone to allow this development) to the board.  You really needed to help them understand what is at stake (which you did partially), what the real world ramifications to this zoning issue is (actual decibel levels of the noise, proximity and safety zones), how what the developer's proposal is detrimental to their potential clients (people buying the homes and how they are putting them in harms way), and why what they are doing will be detrimental to the community (through the eventual removal of your business which I think you did well).  One other point you needed to address was taxes.  The community stands to make a lot of money though property taxes by allowing the creation of 4000 homes... "The median property tax in Manatee County, Florida is $1,973 per year for a home worth the median value of $214,000. Manatee County collects, on average, 0.92% of a property's assessed fair market value as property tax."  Average build prices are closer to $350,000 or $400,000 to build (averaged nationally).   You're looking at roughly $13,300,000 in potential tax revenue you'll need to fight.  You need to bring in professionals on your side to fight this; a land use & development Attorney,  an Architect, and possibly specialized Engineers (Acoustics & Civil) to draft a report and have a real solid foundation on which to base your fight.  Good luck brother!  ----> As a second option; crowdsource the purchase of all of the adjacent homes, turn them into vacation rentals for people coming to the track for events or racing.  Thus allowing you a buffer between the traditional home owners and the track.
Keep fighting this. We have had this problem with tracks and gun ranges as well here in Canada as well.
How about making up a bunch of Freedom Factory rubber stamps?  Anyone who visits the FF can stamp their money.  Before long, residents will be used to seeing money with Freedom Factory stamps on it, and will know exactly how much money is brought in by this track.  Anyone paying by credit card can just write "Save the Freedom Factory" on their receipt.  It'll help get the message across.
Well here in the town I live in, there's a racetrack (dirt track) and a quarter mile strip for drag racing. It is a good ways out, but they have built houses out there now and Ppl complain about the noise & it used to go on till midnight, now I think they have to be out of there by 10pn... But once they start plucking hours from you,, the next move is to try to shut them down! So good luck with this, but you've got a much larger following than we have Ppl here, lol. But I'll tell you this, if you don't do anything about it, don't bitch if they close it down!
Friend owned a home near the East Manatee Rescue Station 3 off of Rye Rd. 10 miles away. I can recall standing in his back yard and could hear the drag strip. No way a sound barrier is working 80 yards away.
Just buy a country in Africa fo4 like $10 and do whatever you want
That pisses me off cause I live right next to Michigan International Speedway and I absolutely love the race I mean the traffic ain’t fun but the noise the people the culture is amazing I love racing I’ve been going to that track my entire life I’ve had family work at that track I’ve meet all the old school guys I love racing
It’s sad this is exactly how our drag strip/ motocross track died in St George Ut sure do miss those days of racing.
We have a very famous race track here in Nj called Raceway Park, they had the NHRA nationals there every year until they recently shut down sadly, we have to keep the tracks alive people.
I would start by buying every scrap vehicle in town and dropping around the are for a a good inviting landscape...then I would keep 24/7 at least two of them running to a  soothing 4k to 5k rpms ( This is probably a good case for the Honda fart can guys like me). One weekly track car burn too. At the least will make prospect buyers think about it twice.
Property tax pays big dividends to cities so officials can abuse funds!! FACTS!
Imagine trying to help a millionaire ..
Bummer, hopefully your community has your back
It's sad the way people  are  taking  up all the farm  land  and it's sad the farmers are  selling it for a little bit of nothing  and the people that are  buying it  are making  millions  I have  a small farm  were I live  I will  never  sale it  was my father's dream he worked  his ass off  to have this place but I see it every day and a historic  place should  overcome  anything new to be built that  blows my mind
that lady behind you looks like the gnarliest troll of a lady i have ever seen....
Good luck but I can bet those builders are donated big bucks to the politicians in the area to get those homes built. Wish you the best.
So buy the land
This is what killed rocky mountain raceway by me in Utah.  :(
So sorry this is happening to you dude, I live about 3 miles from a local racetrack here in Tennessee.  Every Friday and Saturday night I can hear the roar of the engines on that track from my front porch.  Fortunately, it doesn't bother me, but if I were any closer it probably would.  You are totally correct that no amount of fence is going to stop the noise.  The powers that be are going to be in a back room somewhere with a calculator trying to figure out if they make more off your track bringing in spectators than they will off the property taxes new homeowners will bring in.  It's all about the money nowadays so I wish you the best of luck.
They don't give a crap about racing.
karmas a bitch ,thats what he gets for treating other competitors like shit  feel bad for the racers ....but not ole cleetus wears a ball cap and t shirt for a major public hearing what a dope ,he dont care about the racers only his wallet........
why so close to a racetrack? makes no sense- hope you can sort the sh.t out !! they try to close those things all over the world!? gotty fight for that! good luck !!
You don't have enough money to fight the twp board.  Englishtown NJ got the twp council and it was over. They knew once the condos were approved they could later get enough residents there to shut it down. I was there the night the old time drags was thought up camping in feild right next to the track. Atco my home track is going the same route.
MURICA!!!! LET THE RACECARS LIVE!!!
That housing project will get approved for 1 simple fact.   Dollar and sense.  4500 homes brings in more tax dollars than farming fields and that makes sense for the county/town/state.
They dont want people racing on the street as they get rid of our race trackes
Your not going to win this one unfortunately. Here’s my reason, your county sees 4K+ homes each paying property taxes thus increasing the amount of money in the county coffers! It’s a stupid reality. However there might be a middle ground of said noise barrier, you could also have the homes built with noise proofing insulation. I agree though that the barrier wall or fence will not be adequate
They did the same thing in Englishtown NJ, built homes next to a race track, residents complained, race track gets shut down, businesses lose money and end up shutting down themselves.
Where behind you brother
Poor cleetus, doesnt realize hes going up against liberals that hate engines
See if you can have a law passed that no agriculture land can be changed into other types within 50 achers around.
Once the homes come in, they'll start taking issue with the tracks and make moves to shut them down.  Disclosures and berms will not help.  The only way to help is not to build homes.
Let's help cleet buy the land and stop development haha save the space for animals 😏
that's what killed all the so. cal tracks. you'll have a huge uptick in illegal street racing if it closes.
just a thought, why doesnt the developer just give up a few acres along the perimeter of the race track rather than build so close. there may be a reasonable compromise here for both sides to co exist?
I feel the biggest argument you’ll have is that without the track people are gonna resort to street racing, then ask them if they want the race cars in their neighborhood or the tracks
Honestly I Feel Like It's Exclusive Thing To Live By The Race Tracks...Like You Have To Be A Racer Or A Real Motorhead To Live Near By..All The Best Auto Shop Near By Track
You need to start a ho fund me and file a law suit against the developer immediately... their should be enough precident to show developers  are business assassins. Even if you loose the suit you guys will cost the developer tons of cash. The process is the punishment and will make them think twice.
Wtf Isn't There A Airport They Can Build By
0:53..... Wait Wait Wait The Tracks Up And Running And They Wanna Build House Next To It....???
It's none of my business but if it were me I would get some testing done on your property for soil contamination. 30 years ago nobody cared about the environment and now they do. If this forces you to shut down eventually and there is remediation work to be done it would potentially cost 10s of millions. If it is clean fight till the end, if it is not fight till it reaches the tipping point where nearby houses are guaranteed, sell it to whoever bought the ag land and rezoned it with a clause they are responsible for remediation. That's not car guy hero way of handling it, but I don't want to see you burn for previous owners actions
Can you afford to buy the land that might be a solution?
They just will never stop building
And that’s when you say screw the new home owners you where there first
Typical,  make something out of nothing,  and for a kickback the county commissioner is going to ruin it.
Agenda 2030 in your face! Fight it with all you have!!!
Typical local FL government 🙄
Make a deal in writing and record. If you do the 25ft fence they cannot come back and complain later down the road it’s a wrap.
3 homes per acre. wow.  hope the people that move in enjoying learning their neighbors bathroom routine.
No thank  Fool
My home town had a track we hear all summer long
I live in Sydney, Australia. In my lifetime I've seen several tracks closed due to housing being built near the track. Now we only have one track, I just hope that it survives for the future.
This is going to force more street races. Soon to be Fast and Furious on every road... not the cargo carrier high jacking or pulling an 80ton vault behind two, 2ton cars. From the 1st to the 4th when it was about racing instead of introducing people that were literally never talked about
maaan fuck urban sprawl
Totally idiotic idea here, for multiple reasons.. But I'll throw it out there anyways. Maybe you could talk to the people building this housing area, tell them your concern.. and... see if they will build you a brand new track somewhere else, with the stipulation that they also get the land the FF sits on. They could build a walmart there or something to recoup their losses.. and you get a brand spanking new track?
this is a problem everywhere, people just wanna keep shitting houses all over the place. I'm european and they keep building houses everywhere that most people couldn't pay off in less than 50 years. I'm not sure who's actually buying them but it seems completely unsustainable. I hope it crashes and everyone involved goes bankrupt.
If it happens will have to switch to electric only cars
Unfortunately this is the end of both tracks.
Buy it and put them out ! Tell them all the people that come to the county will bring more money to the county and to all the hotel/ restaurants, plus the county will get all the taxes from that! Hmm they aren’t smart !
They're looking at the bottom dollar. Yes racing is really cool but in the long term if 4,500 homes bring more revenue well than thats whats best for the county.
We just lost an awesome little track near where I live, it was called E.T. Motorsports park and it was because of shit like this. They were leasing land from the state, who after a bunch of complaints from the new neighbors a couple miles away, decided to revoke the lease and sell the land to be developed into more fucking houses... That place used to be in the middle of nowhere, just a little dirt circle track, a motocross track, a sand dragstrip and mud pits for the mud trucks and I had a blast every time I went out there.... I sure am gonna miss that place 🙁 Hopefully things work out better for you guys 🤞🙏
Good luck from another car enthusiasts.
People don’t realize that if these tracks close down… car people will take it to the streets, neighborhoods, etc. it will make things much more worse. Car people needs their places to relieve stress or have fun or even test their new builds. It’s not right. Those who are against it can just go on about there business just like we do
happened in Jacksonville, freakin sucks and near impossible to stop.
Email Sent.
When your far as he'll away from the town, and then boom, people want to build right next to you.... like seriously? I bet the property owners just want you to buy the land, and figured homes right there would sell it. Messed up.
We don’t need to tear down farm land to put more homes up. Find somewhere else
Backup plan: If in the event a bunch of houses get built next to the racetrack, we must fill them up with gearheads of all kinds.
Developers don;t care where they develop, they only want land no matter where it is. Developers also do not care about the comfort of new homeowners of where they decide to build. It's all about the money. Sad but true.
I don't understand, why do you have to have a fence? make a noise barrier? works very well in Sweden, then you can build a fence on top of it? 99% of all railways have built noise walls and fences, you hardly hear anything and I still live very close to the railway
It’s progress, sell the land , build somewhere else
Cletus you should make a video with all of the paperwork shit so we can make screenshots and email it saying that we oppose
Race track was there first so if u buy a house next to it sucks to be u thats like buying a house next to a land fill and not expect to smell nasty smells
Similar things happens around me. You loose the safe place to do things, then these things get done in the street and people don’t just get hurt they die. Communities need places like the race track to have activities. Plus if you ever end up closing that can hurt the community as well.
Have them come out to the property where the houses will be and LET ER RIP TATER CHIP
I live 10.6 miles away from Piedmont Dragway in Julian NC and we have been able to hear them run my whole life. Especially when they run the big dogs. Lived in the same place for 32 years. This is way too close to the drag strip for houses.
Our only local drag strip closed due to one local church complaining of Saturday night race noises. So now we have no attractions in that area anymore. Hope you guys can beat the bureaucracy and it's evil grasp on freedom
Dang I’m too late seeing this
Get your property changed residential too. Build your own subdivision, when sold relocate to a county that wants you
Greedy investors will do anything in their power for that shit to be approved …   It sucks ! Hope you guys pull this out !    Greetings from 🇨🇦
the goverment just fucking things up like normal.
Literally just happened last year to our dirt track. They decided to build homes right across the street.
Let'em rip brother
Yep but the Karen's will still buy the houses, then complain and bitch until the end of their existence.  Good luck going up against the developers. Unfortunately they have all the blood sucking politicians in their pocket.
🙏❤🤍💙
DO IT FOR DALE! 🇺🇲
Best way to stop this is by finding a rare animal that lives there. Development over. Happens all the time in Australia.
Money hungry building developers have no idea about racing ask them if they would live next to the track
You have my backing dude, my Nan and Grandad owned a condo for the last 30 years in Bradenton, it's a beautiful place and I've had many amazing times growing up vacationing in Bradenton. Hope the drag strip stays and the application is put in it's tracks.
All car guys should buy those houses so no one will complain
They are going to push you out bro.
Someone call Whistlin Diesel, he tends to bring the masses when it comes to court.
in dallas they built the news Drag strip,   Nere by home protest and closed it!
I just viewed the video today and what a shame they are even considering this.  I spent many nights at both of those race tracks with my father and they kept me from street racing.   Hopefully they reject the proposal.  I sent an email to them, but I wasn't sure if the meeting was last week or this week.
Thoughts and prayers for the track.
I don't live in the area, but Good luck!
This happened in Western Australia twice. Claremont Speedway was the longest continuously running dirt oval raceway in the world but it was closed down because of noise issues disturbing neighbours. Ravenswood dragway was closed because of residential development in the area, and it was situated in farmland with no residential anywhere near, until some of that farmland was converted to residential, who then complained about the noise. An hour's drive outside Perth, put there because they would never bother anyone but cows.
Put a claim in for fortune losses,  against the developer,
Sounds like you need to do the same thing, build three homes per acre make however multi millions and just relocate. Absolutely terrible to be pushed out but I don't know how earth a 4,000+ home project can be stopped. Certainly worth a try though give em hell!!!
This is exactly what happened to the Sacramento Raceway and then all the stupid noise complaints and the track has been operating there since 1964. The only reason I believe they are still up and running is the grandfather clause that has been in place for 50+ years. I am curious if you have any such clauses there. Hopefully you can get this development plan squashed.
Damn, in hindsight, should have bought that land before the developers.  Build some hotels and restaurants on it to support the race events.
It's not enough space at the court for All the people that will support the Track to continue the event's you have my VOTE SUPPORT
Well, if you’re in the market for homes and you like cars. THIS IS YOUR CHANCE!
Cleet,  I have yet to watch the second video on this issue but I really hope you give'em hell!
Put a 4-5 story commercial block across the street to function as a sound barrier and allow commercial benefit from the race crowds
Lemme buy that land lol
It sucks when developers change what is great about the community. Its all about the money. It sucks
Update?
Pull a Whistlen Diesel. Everyone in Bradenton should block off the roads and start street racing in protest. Police don't have the manpower to stop it.
These YouTubers ask for help. But would they help if some random viewer or sub asked for help?
Is the track grand fathered in?
Best of luck, Cleetus!
A lousy trailer park killed off the track local to me.
That’s bull shit man.
That's more then a million dollar wall she talking about putting up bro that crazy...
Race tracks around here have gone the same way
They did this crap in California and destroyed the track because of complaining idiots who bought a house next to the track yet don't understand what racing is or are just stupid ignorant people
This shit is done on purpose to push for more capitalizing bank owned homes and the government is all for it crap like this needs to stop Americans love freedom but love dictating it more
Ya have those board members talk to the police in slc Utah about how many problems they’ve had since our local drag strip closed. It’s an absolute nightmare for them, and they don’t have the manpower to control it.
I say build them homes....we more people  moving to Florida
Id vote but dont think it would count as im in the UK. we have the same issue over here. track days, drift days and "Run what you brung" events on closed runways at ACTIVE airfields... its killing the love for cars and ultimately bring back the whole illegal side of motorsport aswell. our local "run what you brung" event at a former RAF airfield that has been there since 1943 and been an active airfield since then has had houses build around it in the 90's. they were running the motorsport events there for years then people have moved there and complained and ultimately the events got shut down from noise complaints which is infuriating to say the least! 1 or 2 people move to a noisy airfield that has loud jet aircraft in and out all day but as soon as the cars show up, suddenly its too noisy.. then the whole illegal side comes into it which id strongly suggest using in your case AGAINST property development! if councils keep closing down the places where its legal to do the things we love, then they leave us with no option but to take it to the streets, causing more noise local to residents and ultimately will end up with more accidents and putting the general public at risk. we have it here around london all the time. all legal motorsport sites got closed years ago from noise complaints. car clubs set up "last minute location" meets for gatherings, racing and drifting on social media, police get called, an accident happens, media slam "the car scene" saying its our fault and more needs to be done to crack down on it... well heres an idea... give us back the sites we use to do it legally and ignore noise complaints from that one family that knowingly moved to a noisy area. yes motorsport makes loud noises, but if its in a dedicated area you can control it as best as you can! if you take it away, people will turn to the streets
If you found Indian burial bones....it might throw a wrench in the project.... just say....lol
Let’s fight this shit
You are in the right and these developers need to be put in thier place... this happens to alot of businesses unfortunately...
Suggest that the developers be made to build commercial and social amenities for all the houses they’re building (schools, stores, gyms, restaurants and doctors surgeries) in the areas within a mile of the track.   Commercial property is lucrative, and won’t be as concerned about the noise. It’s a win win for the developers and the track.   Otherwise the houses will create a strain on “already strained local resources”…
The only way they should be allowed to build there, is if the buyers have to sign something that means they can’t complain about the noise from the race track.
Why not buy the land nxt to you
So people want to move in and I don't like sticking up for Cletus but I have to run this one..,. With those people buy property near a gangster gun shooting area... No they wouldn't they would buy property in a decent area..... So why would you go looking for property to purchase to do a build when there's a race track been there for years....like to build something for people to live and make money of from...well.. you wouldn't do it in a gangster shooting area.... Don't go trying to buy and purchase property to build apartments or housing where there's a damn race track......
Same issue with military towns. I grew up in one. Residents move in and complain about the jet noise. Then they protest to get rid of the base.. smh.
Gearheads Unite!!!!!
>racetrack exists for decades >housing development is built next door >people move in knowing full well there is a racetrack nearby >complain to the city about noise >racetrack gets shut down Many such cases. Sad!
can you buy the land
As I did,  everyone should share this on social media as well ! The extra support is appreciated and needed. All my hometown tracks disappeared because of this,  let's try to help save this one!
Let them build. When people start complaining about the noise, start hiring assassins.
they've done the same thing to many airports too. Build homes a few feet away from the airport property line. Karens complain about the noise. Airport gets shut down.
30 million $ project vs FF    & wins
So why do we need more home owners in Florida
Similarly I feel your pain. My neighborhood was surrounded by woods and wetlands. Over the summer, the woods were knocked down, and the wetlands were filled in, 2500+  acres now prepped for housing.
No 25 foot wall would be enough to stop the sound.... It would have to be an anechoic wall.
I wouldn't want a race track next To my home either
I am just going to go race on the streets instead
Conservation easements! I live in a town with a military base. The military has the same problem with urban sprawl and noise complaints shutting bases down. People move in then complain about jet noise. The nearby base worked with the county to turn a lot of surrounding farm land into conservation easements, meaning that land can only be used for agriculture, it locks down the ways that land can be used.
Money is king,  i bet there will be some money changing hands to push this through
No freaking way
You know what gonna suck, is that someone is gonna pay big money to these county/state officials.
Those 4,000 homes are probably worth at least 10,000,000 a year in property taxes to the county alone. To be completely blunt, unless your track is generating the county tax office that kind of money directly, the project is probably going to be greenlit. I'll go further and say that the kind of people pushing for this development likely have the kind of wealth and influence that public outrage is of little import to their negotiations with the county. Sorry, wet blanket, I know...
I live 4 miles from mid-ohio sport car course and i can still hear them racing so those houses will hear you racing exp if you run bikes
F the farmers who decided to sell to a developer.
i think we should all get together and help him out and maybe get him to purchase the land so they couldn’t build on it
Fuck the government  Edit: and most of the citizens
this is the story of mx tracks in all over California
They may shake you down, but you should try and buy the land. Get a number, put out the call for investors on your huge platform, and buy the land.
@Cleetus instead of just saying we had a full crowd why not show pictures? Show figures of profits. Get local hotel and businesses come that has had a influx of business because of The Freedom factory. Just my thoughts... 🤔
Palm Beach International shut down. It sucks seeing it. Racers will just end up in the street, endangering others.
Possible plan B. If it goes through. Idk how financially capable you might be. Just an idea. Buy as many properties as possible and rent or rent to own or sell them to people that are car people. I would 100% would want the closest place and would definitely sit outside and listen at the least
Is that John Gotti jr in the back sure looks like him
All about the money in their pockets. Sad that they cant see past the dollar signs
Bro they don't want us to be American!
Wish you total success. From Canada!
This is the exact reason there arent any race tracks near me anymore.
We lost a racetrack that had been there for 50+years (Santa Maria speedway) to a newer housing development last year. I am 1000% on board with emailing my concerns and personal experience with this exact situation and how detrimental it was to the local area
Pencil pushing idiots need to get out from behind the desk every once in awhile. Sad life...
Here in Western maryland we have a 2000 ft moutain between where I live and our local race track, and still hear the race cars.
Sounds like rich man problems. 👨
It happensed to laguna Seca, now the freedom factory, there is no wining this battle sadly. USA does not know when to stop paving over the great outdoors but they don't realize one day it'll all be suburbs n national parks. SMH This is the exact reason I no longer live in the USA LOL
If even a quarter of the subscribers wrote in, it would be HUGE
Dig deep and follow the money. Who is in who's pocket. I'm sure if you dig deep enough you'll find nefarious dealings!
Try to buy that land yourself  and lease it as farm land or  build a racing themed hotel that har room for  racers trucks and trailers but is also open to fans to stay close to the track. They should never complain about the noise because they should be at the event
Horrible speech I think no one gave a shit in that court room
The only way to fight this is to have more money than the developers to buy off the councilmen/politicians that vote on this.
Wishing the best for this....hate to see your track end up like Laguna Seca. I can't even take my car there on track days because it makes over 96db
Bro if your bringing in 100k$ people who are brining in money to the local economy. It’s unreal. Literally happened at our race track ! They built houses right next to it ! Then they closed the track !!! Santa Maria speedway ! Look it up
Keep all agricultural land agricultural populations are too high that sucks you don't need five kids
Fight the good fight
Hey shut down all the local tracks in north Texas and once the people built houses and they knew the tracks were there and the home owners got mad. So now no race tracks and they wanna know why street racing made a big comeback
The comision only sees how much new revenue 4500 new homes will generate in taxes. Do they also see that health, education, law inforcment will also have to be built up to accommodate 10000 - 20000 new residents ? The people who live in the area right now will be forced to pay double the amount of taxes they already pay. ( These home owners should also have a say !!! )
You and WD are free money for the gorvenment (thats what they think) And thats what i hate about humans in general - if you acomplish something in your life people are getting jealous and wanna ruin your life.  Dont let them win - greetings from Germany
Pick the brain of Albert & Diane Glueck at Gluecks Auto Parts, I'm positive you know  where they're at, what they do, and how their situation is quite similar to yours and has been since The Oaks Golf & Country Club developed to their south in the early 80's and later Stoneybrook to their north. Their family has an affection for racing and has managed to stave off the land use issues for the last 40 years. Good luck dude.
Best of luck and we'll be praying for y'all we need more tracks not less and FJB
if the strip is 51 years old you should get it declared a historic landmark..
These greedy scumbag developers need to be stopped at all costs. All they do is still land, hire the cheapest labor to built trash houses all so they can stuff their pockets.
You should increase to 5 days a week having something going on every day and on the weekend that's making noise that way if the people move in and they know there's a race track there they really move into where there's all the noise and so they really have to put up with it that would be your only chance it's too make the noise and tell the judges will they made the decision to move there
You might as well plan on shutting down bro I hate to say it but all those houses causing so much tax revenue power lights and all that you don't have a chance bro I hate it for you really sucks cuz we love your show but you know that they're already going to wipe you out so much money coming in every places that goes directly to them you're screwed sorry I wish I could do something about it for you
You should start racing electric vehicles.  No noise, no air pollution and way faster.
A work with the people who want to build the homes to make a new thermal
Glad to see you putting up a fight....but these things are ALWAYS about the money.  The county sees the tax revenue from homes and maybe a little financial kick back to them personally and your done.  I hope you win, but i dont think you will....sorry to say.  Just like the other comment said, your track will probably end up a golf course in a few years.  Enjoy it while it lasts.
I say make it to we’re they legally can cannot complain about noise if they wanna build there or tell them to build rental homes for the track or work with them to make it a track based housing community
It happened in Cleveland tn...track was shut down...dreams lost...forever...damn shame....land of the free?.... nope.
I send my support ,and have email the board.
The city will make way more money off of a subdivision than a race track. Just imagine the money pumped in building plus taxes not to mention water electric other utilities. That's money collected every month.  Not just every event. I hate to say it but it was over as soon as they mentioned subdivision.  The racetrack in my town is gone because of the same thing. Raceway park in Montana is gone sub divisions allover drive it out. It's over enjoy it while you have it then after they sell the land for a subdivision.  It will go through. The contractors with private interests will prevail now you're playing with their money.
This is exactly how KCIR (Kansas City Internacional Raceway) was closed. We loved our Drag Strip. Residential Developers bought cheap land close to the Drag Strip. After selling the homes built, the new residents complained about tou sounds of the races. Eventually, the residents won and the track closed.
Wish you the best of luck Cleetus but that's a lot of tax paying citizens,  hard to see any county walking away from that...
I watched as Bridgehampton raceway went from a world class facility where F1 and Can Am racing occurred, to where you almost couldn’t drive a regular street car on the track.  Multiple sound restrictions finally killed the track.  It started out as a track in the middle of no where, next to a sound pit, to becoming valuable real estate when NYC people wanted summer houses in the Hampton’s.   It’s a crazy golf course now, and Bridgehampton town has a motor sports day where the rich residents show their cars on Main Street, I never go in protest.
Buy the homes nearest the track, and then rent them all out as AirB&B or get your fan base to buy second homes…
@Cleetus McFarland hope everything goes well since they shut down Houston raceway all they did was move the border to Mexico allot closer lol.
Just make sure that you have cars racing on the track when people are gonna view the listings😂😂  Best way to avoid them from buying the place in the first place
fuck em buy the land
They need to listen to you man they are getting out of control
Buy the land around the track 🚬
I stand with you Garrett! Freedom is in the name of the track and we are going to preserve that freedom! 🤘
This is exactly how the race track where I live wash shut down
Nah, ICE can die, and motorsport has been dead.  Driving wreckless and stupid needs to also die, as well ad highly modified gas guzzling abominations.
I support the freedom factory I remember the video when he bought it I was in high school I have huge support for the freedom factory i watched every video from day one to the final product
We’re losing bandamer speed way in Colorado. The houses they built are over 2 miles away all they want is it gone. Californians need to stay in California they’ve ruined so much
How about buying out the land directly surrounding the racetrack? Then let them build whatever they want.
Government is americas greatest enemy
Makes the value of the proposed housing development seem a pointless exercise.  Here in the UK many tracks are under threat from people who move into local villages. You all know how old some of the tracks in the UK are.  Lucky for us, our courts are currently of the opinion that historical activities are more important than a few new locals that were miss sold a property by an estate agent. Best of luck👍
Not only Race tracks but small local airports die as well because of complaints, you are bang on and forms are not going to help as well as walls don't work.  Stop it before you loose it. We need farmland to eat  more than we need homes.
I live almost 7 miles from a drag strip in Ohio and I occasionally hear cars from there I don't think that 25 foot wall will do anything lol
need a croud fund to buy surrounding property
they force us to the street and then complain about safety after taking our designated spots
how you prove how the man has control over you!
i live in finland and i want just say at no homes next to tracks,who's bright idea have that been jeeves i hope you win this issues and show them at how wrong they try do to history of motorsport.
Name your track commie camp. They will give you grants.
Somehow I was unsubscribed from your channel & did not get a view if this until Dec18th !! is it too late to submit signatures! all the other garage YouTuber's should have been alerting us of this as well, who dropped the ball??
It always comes down to money. Whoever makes the most for the town will likely win. Long term, they are likely to side with tax paying, and local business supporting home owners. Less crime too than a bunch of strangers coming and going from a track. Less DUI's as well. That track will eventually be shut down- mark my words.
What about emissions if not catalytic converters it is a health hazard. Higher rates of cancer will happen. Bad idea to build homes next to a racetrack- period. One day a lawyer will shut you down when people start getting sick. You will have to defend in court which could cost millions. There is not defense. It will be noisy and a health hazard.
You should have bribed the commitee better than the other guy
I appose!!!! Leave the track alone! I’m sending my email now. We got you bro!
Goodluck
I SURE HOPE BIG MONEY DEVELOPERS DONT WIN THIS ONE BUT WE ALL KNOW POLITICIANS AND POLITICS ARE BEYOND CORRUPT.
I GREW UP OFF OF RYE RD. (CLOSER TO MOCCASIN WALLOW RD)IN PARRISH FLORIDA BACK IN THE 90'S. I REMEMBER WHEN THE SNOWBIRD NATIONALS CAME TO TOWN EACH WINTER YOU COULD HEAR THEM FROM MY HOUSE. BESIDES THAT YOU COULDNT HEAR THE REGULAR CARS JUST THE ALCOHOL/NITRO TYPE OF CARS.
States need to stop with new developments, remove the old abandoned houses and start there. Stop building new neighborhoods while old neighborhoods fall apart.
If it goes to the state level and gets approved you HAVE to be sure that track is busy and loud EVERY DAY while those lots are being developed.  Be sure to make as much noise as possible especially during the time the developers are marketing those lots to prospective buyers.  Make your presence known loud and clear!
Even though I'm in South Carolina this is just depressing to watch the exact same thing happening in the great depression Is happening now, there used to be tens of thousands of acres of property in my family. Then the great depression came along and when hit with tough times they had to sell about half of the property, and then over the years a few more acres. And now what used to be thousands of acres of farmland in upstate SC is now people coming in From all over the country during the pandemic and buying up every bit of property they can to develop it and turn into residential areas.... right down range from our shooting range.   No clue who thought that was a good idea even though everyone is completely safe and shoot into a large burm. I wouldn't want my kids Playing in the backyard with a 30-6 being shot towards the other side of nor does that sound of gunfire just go away after a few hundred feet.
Government officials are always trying to ruin the lives of we the people. They don't care, they just want to rake in more money.
Is it too late to send out emails? I just saw this video just now on Sun Dec 18th
I live 1.6 miles from a small race track. I can hear it. No complaints from me, but sometimes I wonder what my neighbors think about it.
I lived 2.5mil from a railroad yard you could hear the locomotives running.  My neighbors use to think it was my semi truck running at night and that yet we are 2.5 miles. We now live 8 miles from a  tourist railroad and you can hear the horn sometimes.  The city made railroad move out of town because of people  complaining of noise and the town is here because of the railroad.
if they put those houses in the track will forever be an issue with the neighborhood karens. then youll have 2000 karens working to get the track shut down, and we all know how determined they can be to ruin peoples fun. not only that when you take away race tracks and safe places to do relatively dangerous things, people go out and race on the streets or wherever else.... ipso facto, putting in that neighborhood could ultimately put peoples lives at risk!😯😯
I have an idea, don’t build a neighborhood right next to a race track
The racetrack is literally manatee counties Disney world! They would be dumb to do such thing.
Dump oil on the land. No more  development due to contamination
Open a gun range on property too. Everyone wants to listen to gunfire all day.... also full auto night shoots.
State Nationals rock ask them plus if it passes I would demand financial audits on everyone involved
Two ideas, 1- can we do a fund raiser and buy the land? Maybe but a dirtbike track and mud pit for Swamp buggies.  2. Set up a loud ass P.A. system and play loud ass hell track noise all day long. So prospective home owners have to know what their getting into.... if they don't buy, the development dies.... Not the track.    I've been going to those tracks since I was a toddler.
And people think Mexicos government is bad.  At least they take your property with AR.  Here they take your property with a piece of paper.  You cannot win against them and the greed of tax collection.  They will say its ok now and then the curfew comes in.  Then the muffler requirements come in.  They don't stand for the established what so ever.
I get the shits if hearing rase tracks being shut down because of those dam yuppy asks people
You need to get a group of people together and buy it up and keep it farm land because we ,end farm land for food and not not depend on food from coming from out of the usa.
If worse comes to worse, and this project comes to pass. You should put up a giant Banner aimed towards the residential project saying if you can see this then you're going to hear loud race cars at all hours of the day and night. That's your problem, not mine.
Sent Opposesing email fram sweden so they know even Europe is Opposed this :)
The next time you get in front of a commission you need to quantify your claims. Otherwise, they are only viewed as an opinion and will not be considered. Give them numbers and decibels (dB).
It doesn't matter how much heart and soul you put in it. If they aren't getting kickbacks for it. They don't care
Cletus. I love y’all and everything y’all do. But the first thing you MUST do is get someone who knows how to speak on your behalf who does this for a living or at least more often enough than yourself. You have great data but are not getting it across to them in a way they will understand. You don’t need to try to kill the entire development.  Y’all can get it modified so that section nearest the track is left undeveloped or utilized for other than homesites. Maybe the water treatment and maintenance areas can be put there to offset the problem. Even just a couple hundred feet in addition to well planned sound abatement can be quite effective.  Also, you might try to partner with the developers to maybe do some CarCondo’s nearest the track with some kind of membership deal. Try everything.
I hope you come out on top after all this
Build a wall
And THIS is how a piece of Americana dies.
The same thing happened to shadyside drag way near where I live years ago . Hated to see it close. Miss running there
People move to the Isle of Man buy a house on the TT course and then complain about the motorcycle races. Forgetting that the bike races have happened here since 1907. Us good Manx folk just say 'there is a boat in the morning'. In other words if you don't like it bugger off and stop trying to change our island!
That's the ploy, to kill off racing, no more petrol engines by 2030.
Wtf!!!!!!
Shutting down a racetrack is a good way to increase the occurrences of street racing. Surely they're aware of that right?
Better call Saul
Sorry brother. To lobbyist and politicians chinese dollars and russian dollars are more worthy than american dollars. I’ll support you but we are all on the same boat, just watching the country sinking in.
Get ‘em Cleet, this is awesome glad to see good people put up a fight, start looking for endangered animals
I hate this, this year they close RACEMIR in Memphis we need to stop this trend
The housing market is collapsing why would anyone want to build homes anyway.
All the money you have. Build it away from town... Its not that hard.
I used to work for Stantec who drafted these plans. And I can tell you for a fact….the Stantec engineers are not the greatest when it comes to planning. Their scales on their plans are rarely accurate, they’ve tried to build on top of wetlands, but most of all, their building boundaries are normally not what ends up being built in-field. They rely a lot on google earth to design their plans in order to save money, which is pure ignorance. I would reach out to Stantec and discuss your concerns with the housing development. Engineers never seem to consider their impacts to other surrounding proposal property building.
Has anybody sent this to Ron DeSantis‘s office? If anybody is on board, he is on board and he has the power… you know what I’ll do it
"Let's move to a racetrack that has existed for years...then forced THEM out!"
Ah yes, the home of the brave. Where developers can pay off anyone that counts and then 5 years down the line neighbours who knowingly moved in next to a racetrack complain and the track gets shut down. Freedom.
Nah ...  Let people have homes....
Sent in the email to all CC'd. I was a former 20+x feature winner at Desoto and loved that track. I was also a service provider for the concessions. Thank you for doing all you've done for the sport locally. If there is anything I can do to help, respond back here and i'll give you my #.
Sigh  Another YouTuber abusing there clout.
Fight a good fight.
had to be a pessimist but been there seen that..too much money on the table with that many homes, property tax revenue, etc. sure you have done your homework on the $$ end. you know those county commissioners gotta be getting kickbacks under the table from the developers..seen this happen in AZ, TX, and GA..does not matter what the homeowners sign they will put the kabosh on the fun..hopefully you all can get enough money for the real estate your tracks are on to maybe get some property and a start somewhere else,,praying for the best for you guys!
I live in the socialist shithole province of Quebec in Canada ; we have several vintage race tracks that has closed because of filthy contractors building homes closer and closer to those tracks, and idiots buying houses close to the tracks complains about the noise from those tracks, like it's a big surprise they did'nt expect... You guys at freedom Factory have a huge problem, because the taxes coming from these upcoming homes are more important than anything else.  Here the St-Eustache race track is the latest to have fell, and it was a very popular one.
The municipality should fork over the cost of relocation if they want to build where they want to, if you would agree to that I can see that as a solution.
Thanks for the info. I emailed all of the commissioners. I live about 5 miles away and we can definitely hear the track. Wouldn't want to live next door, but I support you.
Your money is standing in the way of their money, start looking for a new track location!
Something similar happened to caulder Park raceway went from a used every weekend to nothing due to ...... home owners.... funny that
Zoning is such communist bullshit, a waste of tax dollars for sure.  It is not the town’s property.  Who the fuck are they to tell the owner what to do with it?
If they do end up building close make sure when those houses go up for sale you have a car running that track every hour there are homebuyers near.
Hate to say it but city's and counties don't care about racetracks they just want the property taxes that's it I wish you luck though ,the only thing that will help it survive is if you can buy all the surrounding land.
Naaa.. I'd do what I can to help it get shut down.
Man I thought Desantis was a stand up guy?
Holy cow, if that lady had daggers for eyes Cletus would have a few in his back!
Well presented and clearly should be disallowed.   If they pass it, which is possible there should be an order in place informing every new home owner about the track and their not aloud to complain about all noise from the track.   Good luck bro, your gonna need it❤️
Hey brutha they are going to Rubber stamp this why Because they have always rubber stamped them how else do you think Florida was turned into what it has become so at a time when people should be moving out of florida we have ignorant  county commissioners looking to rubber stamp yet more sprawl . when florida goes under water you can blame them for not seeing the oncoming freight train ...
Very strong statement 👏👏 totally agree
This is exactly how and why everything good in Kommiefornia comes to a end. Well, this and @ss🤡 politicians.
Needs to be shut down sadly! The place is dangerous, loud and ran by irresponsible people
they shouldn't be allowed to even complain if they choose to build houses around an already existing race track, thats insane. there should be a way to grant the track immunity from any complaints
You were there first,they want to chase you out,then build homes,if they offer you money,hold out,make it hurt.
*You can't beat old people or families with kids in Florida- unmarried young people lose every time without fail except for the old money drug lords around Miami (i.e. 24 hour liquor licenses)*
Get a lawyer
what you have to do is buy more acres around a race track theres no way to beat these investors they are going to make more money for the county so the county will go in favor of homes
Sounds like the county is trying to run you out and take your land just to sell it off to home developers.
Looks like this guy Cleetus has no idea that the money to be made putting in a subdivision and the tax money it will generate is WAAAY more important to the higher ups with the big bucks.
Done! Good luck bro!
Did it end up getting passed?
Hey Cleetus, how about resorting to lawsuits to prevent them from building the housing?
Get 1320video involved! Good, logical argument "This is how a race track dies", let's hope they're not juiced up on Trumpism, and can think rationally enough to see how it makes zero sense to put homes next to a drag strip, lol. There is no wall in existence that's going to silence a 4k HP worth of American muscle racing down the track! then again...people DO live right on golf courses, so...Good Luck, man, I love what you've done for the area, and the business you've brought to the locals. I feel like it should go your way. Again, I would suggest getting 1320video involved, as well =)
I think this is exactly how most race tracks are closed (ones that are not affected due to financial issues)... I'm from Australia, there is a racetrack near me about an hour and a half drive from me.. It's a permanent race track and the government wants to close it down but it's 1 of 2 of the only race tracks in my state. The race track is one of the only main sources of major income to the town as tourists from all over the country come and stay in hotels etc as you have said about your racetrack. It's just a shame how the tracks were so far away from people, now the governments want to zone out the land next to the tracks..
How did it go? I just saw the video.
I oppose application PA-21-09/Ordinance and I'm from Arizona
This is exactly what happened to Arizona Speedway, so I support you Cleetus.
A 25 foot sound barrier wall isn't going to do jack $hit or help at all so whomever came up with that idea is an idiot. I live around 20 miles from Las Vegas Motor Speedway, and can hear the races they hold all the time as well as all of the jet fighters coming from the Air Force Base. And it's awesome. Hopefully you don't have to pay for any of that 25' of garbage they are trying to put up. Who do they get to come up with these ideas? Omg. 🤣  love your content
The developers "donate" way more to those county board of commissioners "re-election" fund(s)....top "bidder" wins.
4,000+ car enthusiasts just move into the homes 🫡🫡
Didn't watch yet but i'm guessing "freedom factory" is code word for gun factory. :D
Soooo that subdivision doesn't have anything to do with the hurricane that just ripped through there?
I wish I lived next to a track. That's be awesome
Hey if you get a chance let me have your contact information I deal with this stuff all the time when I develop property and you're going about it all wrong. You don't want to go to the board and tell them how great your race track is and what you do there, this is not what you want to do You have to approach this from a legal point of view and let the zoning laws work for you. If you would send me some contact information or an email address I would be happy to discuss this with you.
You have to prove to them that the strip will make more money than the homes will. All they care about it is the money, no amount of people will change their mind
He's right I'm at large airport. We're talking big airliner and military. I used to get calls from airport ops that neighbors were complaining about doing engine runups  Airport has been here sine 1920 not like they didn't know about airplane noise when they built or moved in. Zoning has been changed and only industrial is allowed next door and the city gave millions of dollars to neighborhood around and in flight paths changing windows and adding insulation and air-conditioning to lower interior noise levels.  Our planes engine are much quieter than the 1970s and it still was an issue in our new society. My farm is 4 miles from the local dirt track and it still is a growl every Saturday night. He does have legitimate concerns about potential complaints
I've miss my old racetrack metrolina speedway me and my dad used to race there and I still have VHS tapes of us there so I'm praying for u guys
Well thank you for sharing. That's a huge bummer and hope we can figure out how to stop it
Get a political advisor immediately.
Whoever owns that land already paid off the "right people"... I hate when existing residents have to defend themselves against the government which let's face it only cares about money and power...
This is terrible, and your FD.   Welcome to the USA in 2022.  I have paid for your pay-per-views,. I love them.  Our country is FD.   I really hope i am wrong.  Garrett good luck buddy. Money talks and big business (housing market) will kill everything.  Sorry i am black pilled.  I am routing for you and the CMUC.
Reach out to Bandimere.  They have fought for years as High end homes move in next door to this historical drag strip which was there LONG before the homes... maybe they can give you some advice as to how to deal with this.
This reminds me of the Yellowstone show....Minus the violence😂
Sorry to see it go… i was there before you were born. Once the government gets involved youre screwed! Those developers have all the crooked politicians in their pockets….such a shame.
Who was that chicken head with the biggest sourpuss looking face I’ve ever seen sitting to your left? Man she was throwing daggers at you with her eyes. She looks as if a donkey kicked her in the face. Good luck in your fight to keep your property and to do as you wish. I’m in California and seen dozens of tracks have to close because of housing developments, it’s a hard fight because local and county officials salivate over the thought of more easy tax revenue from all those individual property/homes. They want to increase their pay and start new bureaucracies where their cohorts come it to run them , while they figure out how enrich each other of all that new money. Sorry you have to fight this , it really pisses me off that people feel your right to exist is a nonissue after over 50 years in the community and a land developer who will be gone with their millions has more rights. Good luck 🍀 Cleetus
Indianapolis Motor Speedway is surrounded by homes. Been this way since it was created. Still exists 100+ years later.
How hard is it for you to just move your track?
Hell yea brother , we dont need no more housing for more damn yankees and frenchies
Emails sent!  Cleetus is going to need all the help he can get for this one.
I would LOVE to have a peek into how many emails there getting.. Go gettem guys!
That fkn sucks..  seen it in different forms in my home town with dirt bike areas, cow farms, etc.. mostly the sht heds from California
If they rezone the area as residential...your land is next and YOUR LAND WILL BE WORTH $$$$$$$! You'll be able to buy a property twice as big and a better location...With all new stuff. Sometimes you make lemonade out of lemons, but in your case...THIS COULD BE YOUR DIAMOND!
This is why street racing is becoming more prevalent. Tracks are being shut down all over and no one has anywhere else to go because people move next to the tracks pretending like they don't know they're there and then cry about it.
Just buy all the land bud problem solved
Here in AZ we have lost 1 dirt track so far this year and next year we will be losing Wild horse pass motorsports park ( firebird drag strip) too
you are running an ongoing concern that provides an open, accommodating safe environment for people to enjoy their performance vehicles. You should stress that you are helping to remove dangerous street racing.
Your talking billions of dollars they will miss out on if this doesn't go through.  They will do everything they can to make this build happen. Good luck brother I'll do my part an send in the email
I live 3 miles from a race track here in Texas. There's a massive swath of trees, and an even larger swath of homes between my home and it. Every race night, INSIDE MY HOUSE, with the windows closed, I can hear the cars racing, ESPECIALLY When it's open wheel Sprint Cars. A 25 foot berm or fence aint gunna do shit to quell that sound! xD
Done
so tired of corporate trash ruining everything cool
The economic benefits to local businesses and community from the race track events should be considered huge.  Yes you can here race cars miles away.  Living next door would be like being next to an airport.
Why on earth would they want to build homes in this Area interest rates are over 7.1%   The only people that would be gull-able to secure a mortgage with that type of interest rate is a first time buyer because the first time you’re always getting scammed simply because don’t know any better   I’ve been saving of my Pennies Nickels and Dimes to move to the Bradenton Area so I can volunteer  my time at the race track
It’s all about the fuvking money. Rich fucks just trying to get even richer. That’s bull shit. No. That’s steaming hot bull shit
Look what happen to one of the most famous race tracks fremont race way in calif  same thing they built homes on other side of freeway and still got shut down Even the sound walls dont work  Now sonoma speedway the people living in the winerys complain of the noise
I appose their actions
Just pick it up and move it somewhere else lol… I’m sure the area your in don’t absolutely need that area
I suppose. !!!!! Send the info
These politicians and developers think they have all rights to destroy people's lives just to put money in their pocket..how. they don't care about you... your race track doesn't put money in their pocket only yours you don't matter...look what they do to airports ....airports now have quiet zones...or closed. So guess what you going get..
Dude,  every commissioner received all of those 15k emails that you savages sent in.  Awesome!
That lady in the thumbnail has probably got the worst RBF I’ve ever seen
The developers are locusts, scum.  They build with 16 inch joists and particle board subfloor - garbage.  Years ago the standard was 12 inch joists with plywood or real wood  subfloor.  The developer's goal is sell the house, get the cash and disappear.  It will pass (if not now, later) because the property taxes on homes is huge.  And maybe the developers will 'donate' to re-election campaigns.  The way you vote matters..
Big money is going win . It wants , it gets. It's called capitalism. Jobs, jobs jobs. Greed has no boundaries  Coming for ever nickel you have. Merica
Y don’t we just buy those houses up so the race track can stay open
Get all the names of the board members who approve it and if you start getting noise complaints and worse case scenario you lose revenue, sue the people personally that voted to approve it
Buy the land
Time to street race outside their homes
Can you purchase the land next to the track?
i dont understand. Yall were there first. How can you be kicked out?
This is just the so called “progress of man”& they want your track gone because they can put more people there. Just comply and move on. Sarc! Eff them and their communists ways!
Sorry to hear about this,  that the reason they died around here,  they can run muffler and race, but can have two races a yr, without muffler,  but shut down at 11.
The thing they don't realise is, when you remove tracks people just bring racing to the streets. Now, I'm sure the government and police won't like that
realistically going against the county sadly your prob going to lose. I'd try to compromise and ask them to allow you yo purchase an acre or 2 out from the side of your race track. so maybe they will lose 20 houses but it should give you the extra room that wouldn't have house right becide the track. tell them you'll stop your opposition against them and pay a fair price for the 2-4 acres or however much it is just to let you own at least a acre of basically buffer space between the houses and the race track idk if that makes sense its hard to put in words
Cleetus isn’t even his real name.
Dude, freedom factory is 100% f*cked.  republican snowflakes will roadblock you in time. Plan accordingly. The party is over.
3 homes and acre , neighbors will be able to smell when each other farts good lord
And they wonder why all the street / freeway takeovers, showdowns, Mexico speed strips are persistent and rising. All developers, city/county/state/government/federal officials with their asinine choice of profit over  constituents concerns to close all our legal tracks to enjoy our passion of a hobby in a safe and control environment away from the public. But nope you reap what you sew.
Smash the developers, eat the rich!!!!!!!!!
Ye
This is some Yellowstone shit.
Good luck, hope you get what you want.
The black rocks of the world, probably the same developers who are trying to do this don’t care about anything or anyone but themselves and money plain and simple. They’re the scum of the earth don’t get me started on the folks buying all the farm land, looking at you bill gates
They tell people not to race on the streets, go race on the track… then proceed to kill all the race tracks 🤣
I hope just because the people responsable for making the rules aren’t into cars, they don’t think this isn’t important.
those developers are gonna line the pockets of every politician to get it approved.
They want racers off the streets then they destroy and kill off all the tracks
opposed
There’s only one rational solution to this debacle. We the people and Freedom Factory need to band up and buy the 2700 acres and either preserve it or develop it on our terms
Best of luck! I am up in Canada, and I've seen tracks fight and get shut down due to this very thing. I have also seen tracks win. Best of luck sir, my the fight be in your favor!
Homes are more important than a "racetrack". Gtfoh.
Damn, wish I has saw this video sooner. I'd have been there Thursday.
I got you bro I'll email first thing in the am
That lady behind you is not having it 😂😂
From California, never been to the track but know quality people who have backed you. All on board, written and emailed
Towns NEED to stop building. Gets me so mad! I bought a house in the woods in a small town near a huge city. I paid MORE in property taxes JUST because of its location. My town told me No body will EVER be able to build near you because it's all wet land. They told me that like 25 years ago. That's the ONLY reason why I got this house & was willing to pay more! Now all of a sudden the leftist in charge of my state just built 3 houses near me when they wasn't supposed to! I'm heated. Idk what to do because I don't have money to get a lawyer. My town should give me some money back because I pay more than everyone else in the city because of the location. Idk how they got away with building on wet lands.
You could pay to put up a billboard out front of their entrance warning new buyers. They camt move in if they don't buy. And what they gona do. Sue you for warning prospective buyers? Lol
I really hope you win but I already know this story ends. It is absolutely BS and I hope you win.
This is how our hobby/lifestyle ends up dying and it’s so sad. Wish there was a way to come up with the funds to just buy the land next to the F.F and that would prevent the further attempts.
They don't want to notify new owners because they would never sell them.
Damn I'm three days to late
everyone wants freaking houses. stop builiding houses build places for people to work! FL is starting to look like CA
how many cleetus accounts are out there ??????\
i am trying to paste somwthing and it wont let me .
Money wins in this game and real estate money is big money. Good luck champ.
Saw this late but emailed anyways ive seen this happen before and my dad has seen it happen on Longisland,NY once the drag strip is gone its over and pretty much impossible to build a new one God Bless.
the continued operation should never be in question.
Same thing for airports, an airport that was built back in the 70s north of Montreal which back then was in the middle of a rural area. Fast forward to now, the entire area was built up and the noise complaints started flooding in. It closed a few years ago, A flight school and several shops were shut down, condos now sit where the runway once was. RIP CSK3.
Race track stays developing company leaves that’s my 2 cents
They closed the one in Broward county FL for the same reason. Built homes and then came the complaints...  Best of luck to you! The government doesn't know what a community needs, they only know what they want.
Right On!!
It’s sad but developers are ruining ag. Land across the country. Their in to deep with local politicians which will almost always vote in their favor. I’m all for growth, but when someone comes in with only greed in mind and buys out generations of family owned farms, and land to pack in thousands of homes is not right, and just goes show how much people need to take a stand and vote at a local level. I believe if more farmers and generational land owners would occupy these local offices we would start to see a change, but that’s just not the case now. I know atleast in my hometown/county the local commissioners and politicians go hand and hand and grew up with most of the developers so it’s almost impossible to oppose any such development.
Make them buy the freedom factory for enough to purchase another track or build one elsewhere. That's legally sound.
@cleetus2mcfarland20 - I live in CA and owned a Storm water company and many projects would get held up due to environmental reasons sometimes for years and years. I would hire an environmental attorney and file lawsuits due to the impact it would have building the project.
Happens all the time, people build houses next to tracks but for some reason people seem to think the track will dissapear by the time they move in so they start complaining and the track eventually dies. I absolutely hate these people
Sorry to say but I don’t believe you will win this one with all of this green agenda bull shit and woke activists!! Good luck! Lawyer up sir!! Population is growing in Florida you guys are running out of the room!!
Sadly this killed all the race tracks in our area here in Missouri and sadly this is happening more and more... hopefully they don't close you
and thats why people will do it on the street
Hell no !
Townfolk:  "Stop racing on our streets!  Go to a racetrack!"  Racetrack/car owners:  "Ok.  We will go and have fun at the track."  Also Townfolk:  "The racetrack needs to be closed!!!  Its too loud!!!  I can't sleep!!"  Car owners:  "Guess we'll go street racing again...'
Dude I love your channel but to be the bearer of bad news. This is inevitable. I think you should ask for help to buy that chunk of land for yourself. I bet there are tons of people that would donate
What you  need to do as contact a few  big race teams and have some top fuel cars  light up while the planning board sits outside where they think they're going to build these homes. People don't understand how much even with burmese in noise deflection the sound carries.I live eight miles away from new hampshire motor speedway  On a calm summer's eve I can hear the track. I love it but for years people have been arguing to shut it down. They have forty  foot tall bleachers with sound blockers in the back of them, and you can still hear the track for miles.
This needs to be rallied into a broader movement to abolish zoning laws once and for all. They have destroyed our cities, ruined small businesses, and are antithetical to our supposedly "free" country. People deserve the right to do what they want on their private property.
Looks like Cleetus McFarland stepped right into a wet pile of shit with this one, Dealing with county commissioners can be like walking through wet dog shit up to your waste. It's full of corruption and if you think you will stop them from making money you will be sadly mistaken. Whoever is going to profit the most from this new development has already paid off those county workers so the votes will be made on their behalf no questions asked. This sort of shit happens all too often in this country. It's all about the profit/money nothing less. It's a corrupt system completely built and designed to take the voices away from the public and citizens who live there or own any land there.  Good luck~!
I hate to break it to you, but those politicians have already cashed the checks from the developers.
You should counter push to change it to commercial, if you had shops or maybe a super market next to your track it could help block the sound from the housing near by while giving the track some publicity.
how about a go fund me account and we can donate enough money to buy the land...just a thought.
Same with airports and outdoor concert venues.    Those have been around for decades but as soon as housing goes up around them, they have to follow new rules because of the new houseowners are bitching about noise.
Tell em to sit on it and rotate Clete!
Find a gopher turtle and shut it down lol
Karen
Absolutely not that is asinine they know what they are doing someone is looking to make money dam i wish i saw this video i would have came
You go brother 🙌 💪 👏 🙏
Woman behind you looks so pissed
Buy the land and build bigger track
People are fucking ignorant
And there are tones of houses and places that are abandoned that people can fix and live at
You were there first
If it gets passed, once the houses start getting built, burn them down.
Rotten bastards,
Fuck those greedy developers! They will big money run you out!
Absolutely disgusting.
POSER! All this time telling us your name is Cleatus..
You got to bribe the court man
Hard to find an orange tree in Florida anymore - oh well. But getting of the Freedom Factory? HELL NO!!!
Well Daytona is all up in neighborhoodSss! Wtf
Imagine if we had never let women vote. The world would be a better place. 🤣
If you can’t beat ‘em, I suggest converting the track into a Pig farm as revenge. They put a new subdivision by a local farmer that had some pigs & that whole subdivision stank
My opposition has been emailed. I am not a superfan but I do live 45 mins from Talladega and have been to many races in my life and have loved every one. I was at the 1993 race where Neil tried to come into the tri-oval stands and shake my hand. . . while still in his car. It was one of his last races.
This is a shame cause no matter the cause…….. fact is once it comes to county employees it’s always gonna be…( we will make more money in taxes with new homes over this one race track) but no matter the thought they will always underestimate the actual Benefit of the race track cause they are tunnel visioned on the tax benefit. And other permitting and so on……. Hopefully it falls on its face and you win the battle!
We are losing to many tracks and its getting ridiculous
Totally apose, trying to get my Nova right to come there, was part of my vacation plans... Mucho love.... My county in Florida is ridiculous too
They want all that money that comes with the people moving in and the kickback money from the property owners.
fuck em. if they threaten noise violations or want the track gone. im still on board for just burning those garbage houses down. they knew what they were getting into. if they dont like racecar sounds dont move there. otherwise get their new house burnt down. enjoy the home insurance payouts.  tracks staying. PERIOD.
Good luck
Everyone loves to complain about street racers and bring up the safety issues which are well founded then the same NIMBY whiners complain about a little noise from a racetrack that's been there for decades. Same issue happens with airports or construction/industrial facilities and so on.   I wish people would be at least a LITTLE smart in their housing developments and where they buy houses.
Buy the 2700 acres. Problem solved
Just sent the email. Good Luck!
i wish you the best of luck in your fight for your dream.  I live inside a rail triangle, where cargo trains pass through all the time. I would love to switsch to living near a racetrack. That to me is at least exciting noise :) But ur right, most people are very sensitive and it's good foresight to not build mainstream housing near a track. I pray for my visit to freedom factory can happen next year.
What sucks for the racetracks are if it comes down to dollar per dollar between the track and all those houses the house are guaranteed money from just taxes for the property, utilities, roads, them buying everything to live etc.....
gotta buy the farmland next to it yourself. see if they will sell a portion of the land closest to the track
I just wrote a long email to all of those that you listed with in the Manatee County board... opposing that application. Hope every racer out there does the same. Keeping our fingers crossed. This is total BS, real estate developers don't give a damn about anything but their quick profits, no matter what it destroys in the process... Typical greed.
My support is coming all the way from Puerto Rico.
They almost shut down 4-17 speedway down here in Punta Gorda
Having a track helps give people a LEGAL place to race and helps to REDUCE STREET RACING
I say everyone of your subs give $20. Every one of the attendees of the events give $20.  Then Purchase the land.
there's a racetrack crisis, not a housing crisis! build more race tracks!
Let those bald eagles free next to those homes and it will drive them away.  Wasted space.  You should just purchase that property!
🇺🇲THE FREEDOM FACTORY MUST REMAIN FREE AT ALL COSTS🇺🇲
God I hope he’s able to get what he wants! But damn a t shirt and hat!!!! Look more professional😑 love the channel
Go strait to your Governor RON! He’s a Boss! Not sure what he can do but worth a shot. Otherwise, maybe consider giving them an option to put money in an escrow account for the next 20 years that gains interest which keeps up with inflation. Then if they pull some shady shit, you would be able to afford relocation without spending your money. Doubt they will bite but.. never know, maybe state funds could be allocated towards it matched by the developers.  Good luck brother! Maybe we need 10k people to show up on the tracks behalf
How much you wanna bet the seller knew this was coming?
Local zoning will never say no to this. They are greed as fuck and see tax money only. Pikes Peak lost this same battle (had to pave it due to 'dust')
I live literally a mile or two north of the map he was showing and I can hear them running on the track all the time, I think this is all bullshit and they shouldn’t have a community built there, there’s tonssss on sub divisions being built around the area. Really no need for one there. I also absolutely love driving home at night after work and seeing a bunch of cool cars all racing home after test and tune
A potential compromise is a disclaimer about the track. Maybe it will bring in people that want to be close to the track.   It’s inevitable people will move in, complain, and track gets shut down. It’s the same with motocross.
Don't let them New Jersey Florida.
GOOD BY FREEDOM FACTORY 😭😭😭
Do a fundraiser and buy the land
Your 100 percent correct but I can almost gaurentee you are screwed these board members have already been paid........ A group like that already has the money spent and dont go to the board without already have they ducks in a row,,, and yes I will email and support all I can...
I was just there for the burnout contest first time there, I recall this same issue with a dirt bike track I used to go to in Texas. The neighbors eventually put in some noise restrictions and shut down that track after 9pm and that track went under.
I will bet that they have been planning to put houses there for a very long time now. Like buying a house, its good to know whats going on around it before buying.
Sadly, he'll most likely lose.  He's blocking money to be made for the city/county.
Exactly.. an old military hangar space and plane storage near me was converted into a track.. people moved near, complained it died.. a dude bought it, invested like 10mil, got it going, people complained and had jt shut down-.-
Just have it so the section that's near the track, be a nature sanction or park. It possibly give the contractors some tax write offs aswell as give some distance between residential area where the noise won't get to them.
Hi from the UK hoping this goes you're way
Litigation for damages and make a FF 2.0
If all else fails, your youtube famous and loaded, buy 51% of the properties so you have majority vote against any complaints in the future. Can't beat them, join them
in quebec canada too they are closing the racetracks and bars ,drag race strips ,all the cineparks are closed ...all the social and fun things are beeing banned ... i see the pattern...6:23 riverside speedway ,racetrack in sainte-croix...already happened and is closing because of the boomers in town ....
This happens to us motocross/off-road guys too. We build the tracks way outside of town but then new people move in & complain about the noise & dust. MX tracks are always shutting down. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Good job stating your case. I've never been there but if I lived closer I definitely would. Good luck!
Cletus you need to buy that land next to it so nobody can build on it that solves the whole problem
You're not going win against that money amounts
I'm a member of a rural rod and gun club. We watched as other clubs nearby were hit with complaints and restrictions as urban sprawl came to town. Our club was able to purchase over 400 acres around our club to create a buffer against future urban sprawl and those who want to end our sport with frivolous law suits and complaints. Perhaps you could purchase the farmland  if the developers loose.
reach out to Brainard international raceway they have kept the track going for decades despite the rick lake home owners that surround it
People do the same thing around county airports. They put up a housing development by an airport thats been there for 50 years and then complain about the noise the airplanes make.
don't just have them sign a form that the homeowner understands they are moving next to the racetrack, have this attached to the deed and their property has no standing to oppose the track
Get Mr Beast involved, build a 'Home" near a race track and see how "bad" it is.. nothing like some good solid video evidence as to why what their doing is a bad idea. Loss of income to the area for your business, other businesses. If you have 100's or 1000's or 10,000's of people coming to events, that's food, accommodation, fuel, tire shops. List goes on.  4,000 homes will give them a temporary kick in the budget.. but long term - no it wont.. Race tracks will keep on keepin on and bringing that money in week after week.
The developer has the burden of the noise barrier you're already there
John bandemer had that same problem in Morrison Colorado you should look up and see what he ended up doing in the end Bandamere Speedway Morrison Colorado
I hit them all up for ya dude preserve the history man I love the freedom factory I watch Derek from vice grip all the time
Unfortunately 4k homes will bring in more tax revenue than the tracks. Plus the businesses that will pop up in the area from all them homes, McDonalds, dunkin ect. And the gov cares more about money than racetracks.
open track for yearly members. durring the showings and model walk though. they will not cell for their asking price
Just buy the land
What a shame 😔  craziness after u have accomplished so much for your community
Those folks who voted for the development are in the pockets of the developers. They're definitely get subsidies from this. Best of luck to yall and may the track live on forever.
Zoning is a curse.
Good  luck but you need to speak from more of an economic value stand-point rather than a passionate motorsports perspective. The approval board and the high ups will just be looking at what will eventually help their bottom line. Mention the safety aspect as to how off-street racetracks promote a safe way to have fun behind the wheel by taking it off the streets, therefore reducing emergency services being called to road accidents and hospitalization numbers. Race tracks help remove 'hoon' behavour by giving a proper outlet. Passion and history means nothing in todays financially driven world. Have reference to specific numbers of how many people attend tthe area because of the track, get local businesses like food vendors and hotels to back you up, make them know you're a valuable asset to the area not just a passion project. Make a counter offer to have the bordering region reserved for commerical shops and build the area up to be built around the track, not the track having to find its way in a residential plan. All the best
Sorry but greed wins out over history every time. This is political and you are way out of your league. This was probably approved in back rooms years before the proposal. Developers have deep deep pockets and are on first name basis with most of these committee members on all levels. You are a Youtuber who owns a racetrack and went the wrong way in my opinion trying to sell historic significance to these people. To think anyone sitting there gives a damn about racing is just kidding yourself. Been watching you since you first brought Leeroy home. I enjoy your channel but this is a losing battle. Only hope for you is if you can get to Ron Desantos and somehow he happens to enjoy racing and you might stand a slim chance. All these committee members are JR politicians willing to deal with whoever can owe them a favor that might financially benefit them later.
The unfortunate reality is the county is going to gain so much revenue in taxes from those 4000+ homes. Money is the root.
I work for a local government (so I sit in on planning boards, council meetings, historical preservation committees, etc.)  and I can tell you, that nothing is going to stop those houses from being built. The power of money is what rules all, unfortunately and all those homes are going to be bringing in a lot more cash than your track at the end of the day. It truly sucks and shit like this makes me so very angry.
he's 100% correct. we had an amplitheater that was built in an area without development to be outside of sound restriction. people liked the amplitheatre , then they built houses next to the venue, the residents complained about the noise, then they put decibel restrictions on the venue, which eventually killed the venue because then going to a concert sounded like crap because it wasn't loud enough for the grass seats in the back. thus killing the audience and putting the venue out of business.
I love cars ect but the world is trying to go green. It’s likely that there’s motivation from government about being green and they don’t stand for these activities. It’s happening all over the world because housing is a lot more profitable than racing ever could be.  Good luck with your battle.
I'm from New Zealand and the same thing happens here. Our speedway got banned (lucky relocated) the airport hours were shorted. All were here before the residents were
That’s gonna be a hard fight!! Pismo beach in California lost the rights with a ton a support
You have to get more people LOCALLY to show up and speak against this. It is the ONLY way that you will be able to fight this without draining your pockets.
Yellowstone shit .. kurpet
I live 5km away from Sydney Dragway and can still hear the runs when they're on, this is a ridiculous proposal from the county!!!  I hope this is opposed, good luck mate
This is not just a local fight fellas. THIS IS A FIGHT FOR OUR PASSION
Sorry dude... Your track is gonna die. 4500 homes!? That developer has already BOUGHT every member on your council.  Next time bring in the traffic flow the # of people the photos of the crowd all topics you discussed because none of those people will do it on their free time.  I wish you the best of luck... But developer money don't play fair.
We had to take our case to State Supreme Court and we won zoning laws were deemed Unconstitutional. Look up Town if Rhine vs Manitowoc County Offhighway Vehicle Club
Is this real? A ball cap and a t shirt? Come on dude, at least show a little respect
Even electric cars will need a place to race. Not to mention it keeps racing off the streets.
My home track, Bandimere Speedway in Morison, CO. (Established in 1958) is having the same issue. They have been fighting housing developments creeping right up towards the track. Might pay to contact them for input on how to combat it as so far they have kept open and running. The Bandimere family are wonderful, known them/worked with them in the past and know they would at least give some advice to a fellow track owner.
The board couldn't care less, they see tax dollars and that's it. Realize you can have 10,000 people saying NO, but it's not going to work. You will need to fight this asymmetrically and just go on the assumption they're going to approve it. Make it know that this new development is going to be next to a racetrack to EVERYONE! People will not buy and that's money they lose. It's all about money and not the historic value of something, unfortunately. These boards I find are almost always in the pocket of the developer. Good luck man!
all you have to do is call Ron de Santis.  make you call ! save the farm lands and race Tracks
This is very similar to what happened to Myrtle Beach Speedway in SC. The speedway was standing for over 60 years until it was forced to close down in 2021 due to residents in a new nearby housing development complaining about noise.
When I was a kid, they did this to my local speedway. I was gutted! They shut down, bought some land in another spot not far away, it had newer facilities, but wasnt the same.  Im not in America, but I have paid for one or two of your FF events and watched them get better. I wish you the best.
I bet there trying to get you out without telling you they want you out... It's all a money grab
What’s the update? I just saw this. Sorry to hear they are trying this. Please update us. We support you!
That is crazy. Good luck my friend. I wish I was near florida and could stop by.
If you ever seen Better Call Saul think to season 4 when Saul helps put Huell
Show up and good luck !!!!!!
All these counties want is money.
I'm from Maine down here in fla for a bit. This happen in my state and there's not one track left really
The altamont speed way in California was the victim of housing crap to. King long history of that oval, and they tried everything that was thrown at them. Sound walls, exhaust regulations, and eye lids on the lights m. But two, and it was mostly one of the two, made it to where they could no longer stay open!
I don't like you but I will agree that this is horseshit but I'm betting you have little to no chance of winning because the taxes in revenue from 4,000 homes way out ways a bunch of rednecks and race cars as far as the government's concerned. If they do manage to get it passed I would charge everybody a dollar to get in the louder the better and run cars from morning till night every single day
Offer them A price for the land see what they say
It’s like a Yellowstone moment. Hope they don’t go through with building homes that will push out the race track for sure.
Dam hope it works out in your favor
Cant copy text or email, info, is it possible to put it into a comment?
Mr Mitchell , greetings from Ireland can i do this for you even with an irish address ?/btw im a Mitchell too bro :), best of luck buddy , id hate to see what ou put blood sweat and lots of tax dollars into this project , for that reason alone i wish you the best of luck from an irish man , hope the olde irish blessing brings some luck to this my man , i watch all the videos you got on here and some many times over and over there that good ,CAN YOU PLEASE LOOK INTO INTERNATIONAL OBJECTIONS , WOULD IT BE ACCEPTED NUMBER 1 AND NO2 TAKING SERIOUSLY !
Yup... they're closing all the tracks in this province of Québec here as well... even tho the tracks been there for multiple DECADES..... and more than half centuries even... people still have the balls to come right next to it to build a house and then complain about the noise and all that stuff.... Bravo *slow clap*
I wouldn't care as long as I couldn't hear it while sitting in my house. If I could then I would be angry and against it.
Where can I sing  a partition!?
The same thing happens to airports. Homes are built, people move in and then they bitch. Many airports have been shutdown due to it. It happens time and time again.
The local dirt-track my brother, myself and many friends raced at was built in the 40's. A gated Trailer Park for old folks was built right next to it and they complained for 20 years about the noise. One day the owners had to sell because they lost their ass in the business. Guess who bought the track and shut it down?
They're gonna build it. And then they will make you change things to fit their desires. Trust me.
The Florida we all grew up in is being destroyed
How will it end? Easy! How much money did you pay to bribe the councilors? And now much much money do you think the developer paid to bribe the councilors? Sorry, mate.
that woman's face ugh.... Im in Upstate NY if I had the $ to travel I'd be there. Sorry I can't show up but I will send the emails. Good Luck!
I live 1.5 miles from a small town circle track... you can hear just fine. I don't mind but a 25ft wall won't do crap.
If they approve the housing your racetrack is gone, guaranteed
“You will own nothing and be happy”
We are a dying breed....
I would love to live that close to the drag strip. Being able to roll a car a block to drag race vs hundreds of miles. I know the potential home owners wouldn't see it that way though....
This issue is clearly at the point where the business that owns the racetrack(s) needs to bring lawyers into it. You need lawyers filing motions to try to STOP the county from approving the residential development. At a minimum, if this development IS approved, those filing should be useful in court down to prevent them from shutting you down: They'll make it clear that *your side* brought up all these issues while the developer was still petitioning for zoning changes, which absolutely help the racetrack stay open.  I've personally seen it in my own formerly small/quiet suburb: The developers are, effectively, bribing the local officials in order to get preferential zoning treatment, and I can't imagine that the developers in FL are any different than the developers in my area.
Cleetus is gonna be buying a Komatsu and an odd amount of steel panels.
Hope the developer has the money to pay for the wall. The race track been there, it's not a new thing. They chose to build houses next to it. They should be paying for everything. If the city tries to make you modify your property then I think a full on lawsuit needs to happen against the city. Another one needs to be against the developer if they are demanding you pay for this wall.  You were there first. Plain and simple. You really need to get a good lawyer and bring them to these meetings.
buy all the land, proud on you fighting it, but only way to stop is if you own it
Man I sure hope the track stays open!!
just like airports, built way away from town, them somebody builds houses next to them,  then they complain about jet noise.
We had this problem with our local track. BIR- where the NHRA nationals are held. The track has been there since the 50’s then some great humans (sarcasm since I don’t want to cuss that much) and complained about the noise. Luckily the county said you moved next to a track you idiot deal with it. Hopefully that same thing happens here.
Fuck developments like this. Rural over urban all day. I oppose the whole housing development... It ruins communities.. Bringing 4500 new homes brings probably 10,000 more people at least. That ruins the local culture. Fight against the subdivisions.
Good luck with all this issue... I work a xross the old Moroso (Palm Beach International Raceway). we are about 1 mile away, and depending on what event they had, we can hear some of it. I think the fence or wall idea to reduce the noise comes from someone who has never  been around a race track, and unfortunately, people will complain and might not end up good for the track. Keep fighting 💪🏼 👍🏻
rhis man is up there with the true die hard fans of racing, these fights forge the legends
You are correct this is how racetracks die.. it’s all about the money. They can care less about historic places. It sucks.
Here in victoria Australia, we had calder park, built in the 60's and took a full oval form in the 80's built in the middle of nowhere. Years after, people bought housing developments NEXT TO A RACE TRACK, then complained about a race track making racetrack noises. It was closed then reopened peiple still whinged most cars no longer there. How someone buys a home next to a bloody racetrack and then has the audacity to complain when racecars use a purpose built track beggars belief. I used to go there as a kid to see the funny cars and nitro's best memories ever, I even got my moto licence there. Good luck mate, give em hell.
That's exactly what happened to Fireball Raceway in North Carolina. Fireball Raceway was around for 50+ years. People bought land around the track, built homes, complained about the noise, and the track was shut down. I used to spend a lot of time in my youth at that racetrack and I miss it dearly.
Stop urban spraw......tracks rule
happening everywhere.  It's so sad.  STOP THE SPRAWL
Not having a race track is going to increase the street racing rates
You should put up a wall now, start tomorrow, 25ft high and the width/length/boarder line of the entire property, down the line between race track and land next to it and road side etc saying something like, This race track was here first, 50 years, date it was built and started,  if you buy a house next to this race track you will hear loud cars racing day and night, so you've been warned, buy house at your own responsibility/risk etc  it will make people aware of the race track, what they will be living next too Hopefully stop the houses being pre sold 25ft wall with what I suggested will not be what they want to look at 😁   If you and or track investors can buy the land  surrounding the tracks Or buy all the houses Use to rent for people coming to the race tracks
Nearly every single time i've heard a track close it seems to because a developer decided to build homes near a place that they know is loud. It's honestly really absurd.
Speak for our freedom to build!!!!
Do you have a dozer? Know how to weld and pour concrete?
It will go through. We the people are just peasants to them. We need pitch forks and fifes
They know building houses, selling them out and then taking half of them back because of inflation, will pay more. Just follow their rules so you can keep making content
We went through this with our local dirt bike track. It was open 30 years and then someone built a house right across the street and started complaining. After much court process, the compromise was to close down and reroute one of the corners so the exhaust pipes weren't pointing at the house while going up the hill.
How can we support you best?
More taxes from suburbs then a car running the quarter mile. When I moved to Oklahoma you had to have acreage to build a home. Now I'm surrounded by homes on quarter acre lots. I've had a gun range on my property,  now we have every new neighbor calling the cops like the terrorists have landed.
Cletus unfortunately it is all about the money and sad to say 4,500 homes will generate quite a bit more revenue.  Sorry for the negative connotation.
Happened here on Long Island numerous times.... Goodluck
It's all about who's got more money health safety wellness that does not matter.. Who's got the bigger wallet and the bigger dick...
The Reading Fairgrounds of Reading PA died the same way. Developers bought the land and slapped a mall on it. Guess what is no longer there? The freaking mall.
its an endless circle, they want you to not race in the suburbs but they build suburbs close to airports race tracks and train lines and have the stupidity to complain about the noise!
Dang man don't let em take our Freedom.  I hope you get a lot of support cleet you've got mine buddy.
If just people love each other there would no need be arguing troubles.
Good luck mate.
We lost KCIR drag strip several years ago because of one person, that person and their family members own a huge banking outfit called United Missouri bank, now mind you these people have big big money and forced it to close and when it did they moved far away from the old track. It was all about power and money and they always win.
Just like building  houses next to a pig farm and new home owners complain  about. The smell
The track was there first heck with them
You have to emphasise the point that having a race track reduces street racing as it provides a safe place to  push you car to the limit with out the risk of injuring or killing pedestrians or other road users.
The other thing is they ought to be developing high density housing IN the city instead of more neighborhoods outside, zoning Rural agricultural land for single-family homes is awful land use
I grew up 4.6 driven miles, approx 3.0 miles as the crow flies, from US 24 Speedway in Indiana. Between home and the track were multiple forests, farmed fields, and other sound-absorbing obstructions. Despite the distance and forests, we would still hear the races on weekend nights. That wall is going to do absolutely NOTHING to diminish the sound/volume. Especially for the homes/properties abutting the wall.
Your.  F Ed
your tracks fucked cut your losses while youre ahead
Thats crazy they keep taking away the tracks and wonder why street racing is getting bad
Can you sell homes just to racers? People that don’t like cars suck. I have a neighbor that has a healthy 69 camaro and I love it when he rips up and down the street.
*HELL NO SISTERRRR!!! you literally bought every crown Vic in the south, screwing those of us who actually need a cheap reliable vehicle. You had enough money for them Vic's, you got enough for lawyers*
sure would be unfortunate for the land developer to discover native american artifacts and burials on the property, wink wink
Out of the the 533k subscribers on this page at least 4500 gotta be looking for new homes. Boom issue solved!
Iam there in spirit I do not want this to happen
These suits just wanna shut you down. They don't care.
High end housing estates may as well be a backhanded way to get rid of anything been there for decades or generations, like racetracks, farms, industries or anything the newcomers don't want.
Everyone on here in the racing community buy up those houses and live next to the racetrack!
I know you want this to not go through but I have to be honest- if those houses go up the people in those houses will definitely hear the racetrack and it won't be long before they shut it down. Keep fighting the good fight. The people in power of this have reach way more than anyone would imagine.
Guess we know Cletus is a Magat. He used the magat term “snowflake” to describe a politician. I mean we already knew he was but he made it official
Im from South Africa how can we help. I can not be there but i will do it. Hope you win and keep the noise going.
I sent my email.  I me also mentioned that closing race track leads to more illegal racing, which can cause death.  Good luck dude!
If they go against you just have every car come start and Rev motors every fucking night just don't race.All DeSantis office complain
Should remain AG land, let them build houses somewhere where this isn’t an issue.
this is just the beginning----the noise complaint issues will never stop and they always win in the end.
Progress and cookie cutter developments are camouflaged greed that's all , all the development people care about is money
If they pass it then continue to have events to piss people off. You were there first.
Real life Yellowstone
It’s funny / they wanted you there when no one else was interested in the land and they needed revenue … now that they want to build and generate big money to the government … goodbye sir
As a lifelong Floridian. Who has seen every orange grove in a 50 mile radius from my house turned into a neighborhood the best thing you can do is sell that land to a developer and get as much money as you can out of it cuz you're never going to win. Take that money and move it farther east toward Wauchula
It’s like water and oil they don’t mix.  Good luck
Garrett Mitchell?
Ahh man that sucks brother I hope this turns out in ur favor mang
Can you buy a buffer zone from the farmer before the zoning change and just leave it dormant,
what always happens is they build the houses up next to the racetrack, then the new residents constantly complain and lobby until eventually they put the track out of business through political force.
Well FF was short lived, but I'll enjoy the memories.
Same shit they did at Pismo.  Moved in a bunch of rich people near the riding area so they can Bitch about the Noise and get it shut down. And Now its getting shut down...the Only place in the US to ride near the water and enjoy life.  For a bunch of people that want to die miserably and Make others miserable till they do
I'm not a race fan, but I support you.
Hell yeah brother
I have watched at least 3 tracks and strips just disappear in the area I am from from exactly this shit.. Dirt, asphalt, drag etc same classic shit
Chill bro they won’t do it
Why does this only have a million views? This has been suppressed
I really hope they go against it the last thing we need is more land being destroyed by concrete and houses especially those sardine neighborhoods where people are packed in and can hear their next door neighbor fart the s*** disgusts me I absolutely hate large-scale neighborhoods like that
I’m facing a similar situation with a private shooting range I just built this year. The neighboring land just sold and they are building a house right at the minimum distance required for distance from dwellings. And directly behind my 75 foot long and 20 foot high backstop. So I’m going to have to completely relocate my backstop and they have no idea how loud a shooting range is. But they just aren’t listening. I’ve offered to buy the land. No luck.
Fuck that, I'd love a race track in my backyard. lol
I sincerely hope this works out for you guys
Looks like you gotta buy that land
Well I'm not trying to be an ass but when big money is at stake your fucked they don't give it a shit about the people who have their heart into thing
If they approve it they are just setting up a lot of whining from homeowners in the future.
I build houses for a living. We see this kinda deal often. Hate to say it, but this is about money. Always is. The millionaire or billionaire developer is who your up against. It could be a team of millionaires. And the city always go for the money. Now, what to do….make alot of noise. A LOT! Call the governor, seriously. The more attention this gets, the better for you. It’s wrong what’s happening to you. It happens in this “free country” everyday, 100 times a day. But you have an audience. You have some finance. And you need to make some noise and rattle cages. But seriously, call freaking DeSantis!
Jesus fuck! THREE HOMES PER ACRE! WOW
Really proud that your working to protect motor sports! My question is who’s responsible for the sound barrier?
Rooting for u !!
Well there closing thunderbird raceway here in phoenix for shopping districts. The best and one of the oldest drag strip in usa
As America as it gets! We keep losing green and recreational spaces, due to the almighty dollar. Very sad to witness 😞
What you are dealing with in Florida is obvious from an illinois resident. You have a governor with a brain, therefore, people are flocking to Florida. Obviously real estate is at a premium where leadership is at its finest. It will get worse before it gets better.
Garrett Mitchell! My whole life has been a lie 🤣🤣
Crazy just like how near me they build new estates right next to 8 lane highways can guarantee new owners have a nightmare with traffic noise. It's just all greed brother. They don't care.
What I don't get is how people are allowed to complain and sue over this while there are trains all over the place that are equally loud, and they can't complain or sue about them.
Sad to say, it won't matter who brings in more money for the area, it will be who has given more money to the local government, Cleetus or the home developers?
email sent
Get a lawyer. Start pushinh hard about racing and how this is going to be dangerous by pushinh racing to the streets.
WOW why would they put homes next to a race track that was purposely transferred and historically approved to be in that area away from homes... WTF clearly not doing there job, not assessing an area before planning
as a crow fly I'm 8 miles form my local race track and on a clam clear night you can hear it.
This is what I fear will happen to Bandimere Speedway. Housing development is going in (no stopping it, houses are already going up.) and with the track being situated right up against the mountain the sound bounces off and heads east right into the housing development. People are also complaining about Red Rocks Ampitheater, which is on the other side of the mountain Bandimere backs up to. You can hear the cars up to 2 miles away. I'm sure mufflers will be mandatory soon, at a minimum. Wish you the best of luck, but money is the only way to stop the development, you have to buy the land yourself.
America land of the free lol
Sometimes... enough should be enough.. stop fucking up
Maybe the people that sold you the racetrack seen this coming and decided it was time to sell, and they kept quiet about it.
Unfortunately, if the race track isn't bringing whoever wants those houses built money it probably will get approved..it has to benefit the rich
Sad to hear about this kinda stuff happening over there also. Out in the inland empire where i live, literally every bit of awesome land we have out here is getting filled in with warehouses and its awful.
Crowed  funding is your friend
Find it funny around the world this is a problem  If you want to set up a track or event all it takes is one neighbour to complain or not agree and the whole thing is a no go   But they constantly build new housing next to existing race tracks knowing that eventually it will be shut down through all the new residents complaints that should never of been there to begin with
I posees god dando! I Like it come onn
$ and politicians. The rich will probably prevail. The little guy always get shafted. Hope it doesn't happen
Sorry to say but they have more money then you. The state always wins and the people lose everytime. Toss money at the problem, you'll get anything you want. Like those home developers, we need homes but recking people's business for them is wrong.
Garret you won't win, you have to hunt down the money paid to the commissioners by the company wanting to build the homes. They donated to their campaigns and unless you donate more you won't win
How'd it go Thursday  ?
Building homes next to race track when the race track was there first. Whose bright idea was this? This is just like the people who move in next to an airport and then complain about the noise when the airport was there first. Idiot developers.
This is how our dirt track died, the town built homes around it the people complained about noise and eventually the track was shutdown leveled and is now a little strip mall
Sounds like he needs to buy that land.
Alright algorithm get to workin
😅 I hope the turn out is insane
I really feel for you buddy , not that I can say anything to help.. but like you said, you're doing urban planning right now.. Just like how they did over 50 years ago , moved the track out of town and away from the people just to avoid this exact sort of issue. I really hope that you don't get strong armed in the matter, racing is a passion that all of the viewers of your channel share and it's not something that should be taken lightly.
There getting paid under the table.  I'm afraid U dont hav a chance , it's sad I kno
I hope all goes well for the freedom factory and the racetrack and that it is opposed as it should be, but on a side note can we please talk about that awful paint job in your room at the door way. sorry it really bothers my ocd 😂
They took our dirt track built in 1971 and made it into a WalMart bc people complained about the noise from the cars
That track is history !!!
Just as an outsider looking in, have you considered a crowd funding campaign to raise funds for a counterproposal to converting the Ag land to industrial rather than residential and then build something like a mechanic shop area/machine shop area or even a race track museum
WTF I hate muth fkrs like this . They did this to Myrtle Beach Speedway  . The racetrack  was there first . If U dont want to hear racecars on a racetrack then dont move there or build a house there  . . .
My response is if it goes through then let those 4000 new resident hear the track then if there not going to respect a property that existed there FIRST also the fact that they are trying to change zoning laws to put these new home in. crazy how government can just mess with peoples property.
I regret for being too late for supporting your efforts!  If there’s any second chance to help the motor sports, basically what you’ve started to keep that going. Just let me know. Lars Kuechmeister from Germany..
You need to get Demolition Ranch, Adam LZ, and several other dudes to come through too. Have them speak too.
Why the fuck wouldn't they make that land for commercial use. Get some stores and restraints in there. That way it's win win they benefit from the race track and the track doesn't have to worry
Bye bye mullet race track 🤣. Close it down and bulldoze it 😆
All the board of county commissioners see is new ad valorem revenue. What they’ll get in tax revenue from the track pales in comparison to 4500 new homes tax revenue.. and the bldg permit fees and the construction jobs. Good luck. You’re gonna need it👍
I don’t know much about zoning and developments but how about the land closest to the track, be made for industrial or commercial buildings, which are large buildings that would help with sound dampening, then build residential further away from the track. Just an idea
The track is there 1st.  Shouldn't be any other argument.  That's like someone moving next to a chicken farm and then complaining about the smell.
I emailed I know its late but these tracks are our heart and soul and I hope the best for you in this endeavor.
You need a petition
Why the fuck they don’t build Industrial area next race tracks instead of housing? Businesses normal are closed when the track is running.
If you fail, maybe enough track success will allow guys like me to buy those houses out as AirBNB type investments and make it a Freedom Factory Funhouse neighborhood!!!
Then they bitch and moan on why people are doing sideshows and street racing because there isn’t any where else to go becuase they all end up closing down luckily I’m close to Texas motor speed way and Texas motorplex
here's a much better idea of getting this shut down asap -- i live in pensacola -- and on the neighboring beach -- a endangered beach mouse was found which meant no building -- can you find a protected or endangered specie on the land to get it shut down??
This happened to our local race track! Western speedway they just dug it up oldest race rack in North America
What about buying the land and sell houses for race lovers, I would move from California to that 1acre a pop ? A barndominuim with a huge garage with a main road leading to the track ? Like Jumbolair but for cars
Getting rid of all the tracks… then complaining about street racing….
Monster max 2 accidently runs over 4500 new houses.
You could add a BIG billboard facing the "new development " that  states........ Welcome to the Freedom Factory  Race way   where LOUD happens ALL THE TIME.......EVEN ON HOLIDAYS AND SCHOOL NITES !    Start holding loudest car competitions,  loudest stereo competitions,  have fireworks when ever possible.  Make it so ANY potential buyers will see and her the problem with living that close.  When no one will buy those houses you will be able to buy the property cheap.
Is there any way you could buy 1/2 or 1/3 of the plot closest to you to keep as a buffer???
You should buy the land. Then they can't build on it.
FREEDOM 👊🇺🇸💪🏁🚗
The home owners move it complain about the noise and then get it shit down. I think that's what they want.
What’s the deadline? I just saw this
Just emailed a full page letter to the board members. Hope you win this!
Florida man
Sad thing is it is all about money! What is going to bring more money to the county for them?
C'mon guys, sent the email. I did it too and I don’t even live in the USA. Greets from Czech Republic, Europe.
This is awful, they complain about illegal street racing being a big problem,they say,take your car to the track... then they close down the tracks. All this is going to do is make  people take it back to the streets. Absolutely stupid.
This is why street racing happens, you have a dedicated safe location and they want it shut down. I can see them looking at the profit they will make off stuffing that many houses in that area and not caring about what happens to anyone else.
It won’t work the people building these homes have those people in their pockets
When you move move to someplace that wants you
i live in Parrish FL i love the track is so close to me, this is a gready land owner trying to impose they're will onto what they want, this is not a situation where the race track is trying to buy land, the track has been there for over 30 yrs,
Clarksville TN. There is a circle track and drag strip in what has become the center of town. I lived 4 miles down the road and could still hear the cars even with their berm and wall. They built subdivisions right across the road recently and the noise complaints are throttling the track. Same applies to a bar/ concert venue that was here in town. They had a huge outdoor stage. Bands like Black Label Society would come and do shows there. The people 2mi down the road would call in complaints despite the housing being new in the last 10 years and the venue being there for 30.
the same thing happened to Mesa Marin Raceway in Bakersfield Ca. One of these best 1/2 mile circle mile tracks. Its also happening to Santa Maria raceway in Santa Maria Ca.
Whenever they start to let people come out and look at these homes I would have a few heavy footed fanatics on speed dial to come out and run hot laps the entire time and let people know what they are getting into 🤣 Seriously if this passes they should at the very least require all tenants to be aware of the track and maybe even sign something that says they are fully aware of it and accept it is going to be frequently used. But that it will ever happen, but that is how it should be. Idk why government and state have to be such inconsiderate assholes.
You know all the Florida racers are with you
Merica!!! Stand your ground Cleetus!!!
This reminds me of where my father's shop is at, which is an airplane hangar.  Which is at a small airport.  It's been there since the '50s, and in the early 2000s they put in a high-end development at the end of the runway.  I can't tell you how many people went to the town and complained trying to get the airport shut down. The town said go suck eggs, next time drive around the neighborhood where you're planning to buy a house, wouldn't be a bad idea to see if you're moving in next to a toxic waste dump or something 🤦🤦🤦 Schmucks.  I see schmucks everywhere.
The original klutch kickers track was shut down, please don’t lose another one
If you havent figured it out the woke left are trying to kill ALL car enthusiasts, car guys, tracks,etc. All leads back to climate control. I would force them to buy out your track at fair market value prior to all this happening. OR have them move you further outside city limits. I only say this because nothing will stop these POS from killing anything they dont like.
We are here ,we aren't going anywhere with our modified cars.  So give us a track ,or deal with us on the streets.  These complainers are really something else.  Nimbys everywhere.  For those idiots worried about property values, leave. I'll take your property, that's about the best place I could picture to live.
Pretty neat how the government reverse Uno's legally owned property.
I think it's absolute bullshit when stuff like this happens. I say whoever was there first has the most right to be there... I am an avid firearms enthusiast and I see the same thing happening with gun ranges...
I don't understand this. The racetrack was there first. Why should a track be there first then have someone build a house close to it and have a right to complain? What is going on with the world? Sheesh!
Your not the only country that suffers from piss poor planning and approvals. Race tracks have disappeared and continue to all over the UK. I hope for you and all those involved in getting the FF up,running and indeed successfull that you get the result you deserve, but unfortunately passion doesn't have the same weight as pounds or rather dollars.  Good luck with it from a grass roots racer here in the 🇬🇧
Claim it a historical land mark
I love racing and saying a 25ft berm up is BS and they know it. They want to to say ok ya thats east and then once the houses are in, you're out. I live 4 miles from the local sprint track and I can hear them get after it when the wind it right.
Track won't bring in near the money as thousands of new homes with property tax and new folks living there.    Sorry about your track,  it's likely a going away.
Same people will then bitch when enthusiasts go fast on the street and tell them to take it to the track.
Its the same with people moving our of the city and complain that it smells of shit
Lol... This county board has nooooooooo idea what is about to decend on their doorstep. Cletus ought to have food trucks out there and bounce houses for the kids.    Stream the crowds!
I have family that lives 10 minutes down 64 from here, I know they don’t want more houses around their house… that’s the enjoyable part of living there, being around everything without being around anything.
smart to buy a racetrack but not smart enough to buy the property around it.
I don't know why nobody is saying this. But you were there first. Why is it your duty to compromise when that track has been there over 50 years?
Time to buy some farm land…bill gates your friend…haha
Call Desantis's office man !!! orrr buy the land !!!!!, just buy it out. Racers could probably raise the $$$$
Good luck to you from New Brunswick Canada. My bucket list includes The Freedom Factory.
Keep events running loud af so the future homeowners will UNDERSTAND what they would be getting into by buying a house next to a race track
Not to be a debbie downer but, I don't think they give a shit.  Unless they keep it an agriculture land, they will most likely pass it because it brings money to the county.  More houses, more people, and more money.  The government always wins in these battles.  But, I really hope they don't win.  Who are the people planning this gentrification?
Any special species that live on that land?  Any nesting grounds? Anything special at all that will be lost, if the land is developed? Get some tree huggers involved.
unfortunately this is the beginning of the end.  The additional tax income from developing the property is what really motivates these decisions.
Good luck, there is a legal principal in real estate zoning  about highest best use, so the slim chance of prevailing against development is probably to show a great positive economic impact.  I grew up miles away from J C Agajenion's Ascot park , a great circle track facility which as an adult I  enjoyed attending.   But even miles away, as a kid, we would sometimes mention that there must be something big going on at the race track, because we could hear the noise from so many miles away.   the noise certainly would have effected a homeowners quality of life on the week end, another legal principal, but I believe it was a combination of land values and noise that did the track in, that highest best use deal.  By the way, I don't agree with that highest best use concept.   I believe it unfairly restricts what can considered in zoning , as unfair as if there were only one side to a coin being flipped to settle a dispute..   By the way Ascot was such a strong venue, it used crushed granite instead of dirt for the track , and also had motorcycle flat track events.
What?
Oof. Knew it would happen. This country sucks now. F lefties man. Imagine complaining about Motorsport. Animals.
if race track and drag strip closed, people will end up racing on the street more which will become more dangerous for everyone else. they will start blaming the racer for not racing at the track but if theres no more track, the street become the track.
I would also add that this is how street racing becomes a bigger issue. You have to use reverse psychology on these people. Create the situation in their mind that this decision will only lead to more illegal activity.
If it passes Start buying the homes closest air bb them to racers and fans attending
You should also push the point that keeping agricultural land is extremely important.  Reducing agricultural land means less food grown locally.
It’s all about payola if you don’t grease the palms of the politicians use loose no matter what your political position is
Stand up for what is yours we need more race tracks the racing community is a tight family I wish you the best of luck God speed
Noooo. That’s a bummer. Hopefully this gets stopped so the freedom factory can continue to thrive.
I feel this man me and my family  own a racetack in michigan  good luck mann 🙏
You need to argue the key life safety point.  Your tracks are in place and give opportunities to reduce street racing and make public roads safer.
I like your attitude about this situation and I wish you a lot of luck. Love the DE3 pit stop plaque on the wall behind you!
Dude your gonna get walked right over. The WEF and EPA compromised our local governments during these last few elections.  The EPA needs to be neutralized.
We can't let this happen we got to protect these tracks if I was able to make it I'd love to be able to help
If they want to be stupid and build homes right next to it then fuck em I wouldn't listen to a damn thing they would say after homes are built because you told them it was a bad idea from the start.
Lol. So hedge funds, and (redacted) investors from abroad, don't live in the US but want to own properties while screwing over others who actually live there.
we are SO done with our supposed countrymen and countrywomen ruining our hobbies and passions.
I agree with you and your right
By the time it reaches even this point, the ball is rolling. This process is just a pleasantry and to get it all down on paper. Best of luck, though. I hate seing tracks close down.
We are having those same problem at Bandimere Speedway.
I wish I could but I’m Canadian. But good luck to u and the group. If not have them sign waivers that they’re living beside beautiful racetrack
Housing developments have to be the most annoying thing to be built anywhere. None of them build normal homes with room. And this is among the most ridiculous spot to build one. I work in Speedway Indiana and the residents love the 500.   I feel this will be nearly fully hated since none of these residents have been there for years and created traditions. Good luck to you sir.
HAHAHA.
Where I live we are dealing with the same thing, All but one racetrack has closed down due to rezoning areas for residential and even the last one standing is about to be on the chopping block due to greedy developers trying to encroach nearby in an area no one would want to live anyway.  Motorsports in my area is dying and the car scene is dwindling. It is pretty sad to see as an enthusiast. Best of luck with this all Cleet (would write for my support but live in a different country).
3 homes per acre means they're going to completely destroy the environment in that area. Use their passion against them. If you can lower the density you will ruin the feasibility of the project and it will move somewhere else.
Yeah who was their first lol 😂
cat ladys and they americans ruining america everyday
Buy the land near the track and build a playground on it
Hey Cletus, I hate to say this, but I think you’re going at this all wrong. You need to approach each commissioner with an envelope. That’s how the developers do it. It may buy you some time. :) Good luck!
Manatee county is run by fools. Sorry to see you having to deal with them. My dad worked for the county for 30 years and always told stories of the nonsense like this. Good luck, but the county is run by developers.
My 2c worth: If golfers can stay on golf estates why not develop that real estate exclusively for petrol heads Imagine all the guys staying next door to a functional race track. Call it dragster estate or gear gardens and those guys wont mind the noise they would love it!
Exactly what killed the local track here! I don't care what they claim they will do to abate it they will bitch. Same thing with a local international airport - people moved into the flight path and cry and cry. It's crazy!
Stand tall Cleetus! Don't let them push you out. Do your research on who pays who. It's public knowledge.
My 2c worth :
Same stuff happened at myrtle Beach, was a great track made homes not even 100 feet from the track and it got shut down after yearsssss of operation
can we as europeans send an email too?
They should make it racetrack housing like they have at millville motorsports park in NJ
Happened to a drag strip I used to go to in early 2000's in Dallas GA.. Got closed down because neighborhood behind that got built started complaining about the noise and tire smoke. Drag strip got closed down because homes mean more to more people, now the drag strip sits dead and land unused because its so close to homes you cant even use it for agriculture.
You let that go thru and florida will turn to a liberal shithole. This is crucial
Destroy history and make 1 person a bunch of $ sounds like standard government bollocks
You didn't mention the traffic issues.  I'm sure new home owners won't like it when the track has events.
You think thats shitty i live 4 blocks away from the IMS in indy and no matter how many people could possibly complain not saying we do cus we are a race capital of the world and were used to that but its an ordeal when housing starts to encircle  tracks completely enveloped into the city itself
One of these days, America while have to rely on China for food because we turned all of our farmland into subdivisions and the only “entertainment” available will be sitting inside on social media because all the real entertainment was torn down because middle aged suburban Karen’s complain about the race track or farm or airport or literally anything that makes noise that they choose to literally move next to.
Let’s build a silly neighborhood with low quality materials and ruin the car community at the same time.
They only care about growing tax base.
This is the same shit happen to Sacramento raceway. Race track was moved way out in the boonies to avoid all these noise disturbance to neighbors. Then these real estate fawkin business developers brings the houses towards to the racetrack and complains about the noise.  LIke go build houses somewhere fawkin else. The county and city don't give a fawk about a damn race track because these developers puts more money in these local governments pockets and keeps them in their voting seats longer in their positions. that's the Chess game politics of all this. MONEY TALKS! They don't care about histories of a racetrack or people racing in the streets. It makes them more money if you race in the streets because of impound fees and ticket fines. Next thing they'll say is "THen just don't fawkin race on the streets" They are being proactive to generate multiple streamline of income into their pockets. More people living in town means more money for local economy for local governments from the state.
Email sent, hope this helps!
People must start paying the right people.  Just like they do.  This whole decision will come down to MONEY AND WHO YOU VOTED FOR AND NOTHING ELSE.
I said back when you bought this, this would be your undoing. You don't have the money to fight these cats.
imagine moving near a major airport and complaining that planes constantly fly over
And they say that you’re free in America but they wanna governor everything you do. The government needs to step back and get lost it needs to be downsized.
As a regular attender of Bradenton Motorsports park this is insane to see, as of today it passed the county and is off to the state. If this happens it’ll be a sad day for SWFL
this is not only sad, but very irritating, I feel like P.I.R is next, There are new homes by the track and they just keep opening more, this once rural area is becoming rapidly over populated.
Hate to hear this. We lost 2 historic tracks in SC to developments. Summerville and Myrtle Beach
I know it’s not everyone, but I’d personally love to live next to a track like this 😂
Willing to bet there are at least 4500 empty homes or derelict properties within a hundred mile radius of the proposed site that would serve the need for housing
Land developers make money converting agricultural land into housing and related development. Next is tax base! Hope you win! Get some sort of youth program going!
The people building the homes should have to build the walls . You were there first
THIS IS FLORIDA? GET DANNY DUNCAN TO HELP AND BRING PEOPLE!!!!!! EVERY1 TAG DANNY.. FLOOD DANNY DUNCANS VIDS AND COMMENT SECTIONS
In California: - Oceano Dunes in real danger of closing due to a new golf community built right next to it.  - Lake Ming in real danger of closing due to a massive neighborhood that was built right next to it.  - Long Beach in real danger of closing boat Racing due to residential high rises built nearby.   I hope you are successful.
Email sent!! Good luck bud
@CleetusM Next Time Don't Tell Them, THEY SHOULD LOOK UP CROWD PICS... Bring As Much Documentation With You As You Can.. DONT SAY As You Probably Already Know, Don't assume Some1 Else's Knowledge or Intentions, Instead Assume Every1 is The ABSOLUTE IMBECILES, AND YOU NEED TO BREAK IT DOWN TO THEM... P.S. Congrats For Standing For What You Want and Believe, And Standing For Not Only Best Present Interest BUT Also The Future as WELL...
In Daytona during race week you can hear those cars from Ormond to Port Orange and its a beautiful sound.
Good luck. The person with the deepest pockets will win unfortunately
My heart sank when I heard about this.  Good luck!
*Builds homes next to race track* "Who dares build a race track next to my homes..."
Port Charlotte checking in. I can’t stand the way we cater to these dip shit snowbirds, as if our lives depend on it. We live here 365 days a year and they come here for three months and want us to cater to them. NTM the role Florida has played on the motor sports landscape in this country. Sounds like another case of the rich keep getting richer.
Best thing to do is buy that property too and then build whatever you want on it that will not affect the racetrack.
If any city council even thinks they can't pocket any money,they want it gone
This is sad. Best if luck man
Just love your channel. Sad thing is that it dosent matter how much people you bring they dont care. They get there payoffs from the builders and developers. Same thing in sweden. They dont care how many people it involve. Keep fighting Cleetus.
Cleetus, sorry I didn't see this until after but I wish I would've known about this sooner so I had time to put together an email. I know I'm just one guy but I'm sure there are many more people who have busy lives and aren't able to watch your show daily and want to support. Long story short, try to give us information as early as possible so we can support. I hope the state denies their request to build and  protects the track. If there is anything we can do as far as the states decision, PLEASE let us know. Good luck, and I wish the best for you, your family, and your team.
Get your YouTube buddies and buy up all available land near you. Make a red neck Disneyland
Don't forget how politics works you got a grease the right pockets make this thing work for you
Greedy developers and officials probably passed a lot of money back and forth.   Here is how you defeat them. Hire a couple of private detectives to follow the main scumbags around and just find out all of the questionable/skeezy/illegal things they do. Find out all of their old/current embarrassing social media tweets. Do this to all of their family members and friends too.   Second, put out an ad campaign calling for anyone and everyone to anonymously send you verifiable evidence of said scumbags doing illegal things.   You have to really start punishing these money worshiping scumbags.
At 4:10 watch her smirk as you talk about urban sprawl.
Government. : let's shut down all the race tracks  Also government: omg take overs are so problematic
I understand what you're trying to do but take off your hat and dress appropriately do you want to be taken seriously.
Sorry to hear your loosing your tracks.
Buy it and make it a parking lot lol
You went to law school for a reason cleeter, your time to shine
A similar thing happened at NJ's Englishtown Raceway park, houses built nearby, a Temple built nearby and the complaints from them even though they knew it was nearby. The owners shutdown the Dragstrip, but still have circle track & drifting and motorcycle events, the 2 x a year Auto swap meet is nowhere what it used to be before. The Dragstrip is now a copart like storage for wrecked vehicles going on auction. Keep on fighting for Keeping The Freedom Factory alive with the Bradenton  dragstrip too.
Fuck those new over priced homes
So sad they did this to the drag strip around where I’m from in Dallas Georgia. Recently they just sold it for the last time and now they are building homes on the drag strip.
How can they require shit from a person that was there first. This country is so sketchy
Pull a stinky on em and buy the land😂
We can't lose the Freedom Factory to commie nonsense
They’ll definitely be able to hear the track come on man
One thing that could be done is talk the zoning commission into REQUIRING that all homes built on that area be built with sound reducing exterior walls.  There are ways to build that reduces the external noise entering a home.  It's not cheap, bu it's possible.
email has been sent Garrett. We arent going down without a fight
I lost my home track it sucks to here its happening to others
They do the same thing with railroad Track. Build homes next to it, complain, then try to get the hours that the trains can run changed. The upside is that never works out for the home owners 😂
Also focus on The fact that closing race tracks takes racing from a safe location to forcing it on the streets. Detroit has a bad problem with street racing because years ago they closed the closest race track. The nearest is more than 60 miles away.
These dick heads need to stop building homes in the state of FL. I live in central FL and all i see is cookie cutter homes being built all over the place, apartment complexes being built all over the place, road infrastructure hasn’t improved. STOP moving down here 😂
All over the country this kind of bs is going on! When I lived in Texas their was a dirt track had been there since the 50s, people decided to build homes near it then complain constantly! Then they/hoa/state sued and sued and sued until the track couldn't afford it anymore! So they sold it to heb then because it was a dirt track and had years of oil/gas ect so heb got sued millions for dozing the oil filled dirt and now it's just a empty field sad it was so fun going there!
Man that lady sitting behind you was giving you the death glare lolol
In my 40 years of living,  I've come to realize it all boils down to money.  You need to "make a donation " to whatever politician will serve you best. It may cost you hundreds of thousands.  But that's how stuff works now. It's sad but true.
All I’m saying is work with them instead of against
I thought this was America..
Or rent them for the track days, even Airbnb them
Buy them houses fill em with racers
Bro just buy all them homes or get a bunch of racer new home owners to buy there
They always come in with dumb homes and then shit down the track.
Its always about money in politicians pockets. Good luck brother, but on the other hand , your property value will skyrocket.
We have the same problem in Colorado Springs. People buy house near the USAFA and then complain about the noise when the Thunder Birds come to town. I mean come on your house is on Thunder Bird dr.. Good luck with this ..
I think we gotta go out there and do some “tokyo drift movie” scenes out there 🤷‍♂️
Guess they want kids to go injure (or worse) themselves and others on the streets because tracks are too noisy
Reach out to Desantis. I’m sure he would agree with you
Im sorry but you wont win.   Weve had and are still having these issues in Canada.   People building houses right next to 70-80years race tracks, then make sound complains and make a collectivity to shut down the tracks.  The court system alway goes towards the people that want to add homes
Build the wall
Can all the YouTubers get together and buy out that property for shared adventures alongside the track
Come visit Sebring International Speedway and Spring Lake just outside of Sebring FL.
Woulda helped to remove your hat while in front of that panel.
Bye bye freedom factory and Cleetus macfarland
You should use the same defense as the airport, or VOLENS defense when the resident is voluntarily accepted a risk of living next to a race track. Though the noise regulation had driven out older jets, Modern jets are still noisy. Developers also voluntarily accepted the risk of building houses next to an existing race track, they are responsible to build noise proofing barrier and resident should sign a waiver when buying property next a race track. Most flordians are well enough they can afford a new house and they can afford air-conditioning to keep their double glaze glasd windows close because modern houses have fairly good noise insulation.
Stand your ground! Put up billboards and make it well know to potential home buyers what exactly they are buying into. As land is cleared for homes, host events so anyone even thinking about buying, hears the noise from the track and crowds. Make it tough on developer to sale homes. Also hire a private investigator to look into kickbacks and payoffs of the board.   Need for affordable housing is real, but I suspect these houses are not for the lower to middle class.   Lastly, I think some racetrack die off because they were poorly ran, quick buck, no long term vision. Events and attractions around the track also help maintain the health of the area. Best of luck. Freedom for All!
In the next meeting, bring up spot zoning. That means if there's no residential zoning touching that property they can't do it
In Jacksonville FL there's a road on the rural area called Gun club Rd. Can you imagine what's on that road? Developers forced the neighbors to sell at they could put subdivisions in. Now these fools that live on gun club road constantly try to get the gun club closed down.
id move there just because it was so close to the racetrack lmao
Airports and aviation have been dealing with this for years. People buy or build a house near an airport and then complain about the noise.
why dont we just get the car people to buy up the land they cant stop us its people working toughter can buy up all this land hell we could block the land with cars and make a stand. :)
Give the address and I’ll get all my friends to show up in support I live in Brevard county Florida
I wish you could buy the properties around the track
Too much money will go in that boards pocket . Rip to your track ☹️
The worst part is that the people moving us are all cali snowflakes running away from their shit state and then complain when they arrive and vote for the same stupid shit
2023 will be the last year for that track
The Harley fearless hip in Fairfax VA had the same issue.  Homeowners said it was ok, signed all the docs- then next Rolling Thunder, they all bitched and complained.  The dealership is still there, but they had to endure a bunch of BS.  Good luck Garrett, I’d be sad to see this happen to you and your amazing track and the racing community your support.
Yah so sad it looks like you'll have to buy all the houses . Rent them to racers.  Or hard core party animals.  Good luck. 👍
Man I think this is a great race track idea you got going on. Sadly home near will be the death of it.  They will build the homes it’s already set.   Doubtful you will get enough support or be able to continue after they build. You will have 2 years of good events.  Have a plan b exit plan. Remember the EPA WANTS AND IS GETTING RID OF THE MODIFIED CAR SCENE.   Clean air act is moving quickly.   Sad man I know you put your heart and sou into this.  I hope you come out on top Also put the business in and land in a bullet proof trust.    Good luck
Build it n I will buy. Right on the property line. Stick a party/cook out spot right next to the big fence. You’ll be able to see my place from the grandstands. Just look for the big rectangular hole in the fence.
Dude all I'm saying is if thru do build those houses, I'm for sure moving in one of em! Who wouldn't wanna live beside a racetrack! Goodluck my man! Take it easy
The home owners should pay for it that race track was already zoned  for the race track before you bought it
What kind of person buys a house next to a race track and then complains about the noise
emailed
those tracks are fked. sorry to hear and say this but construction business have too much of capital and they will have too much politicians in their pocket. it was a nice ride cleet. O7
I bought a house next to an outdoor shooting range and they made me sign a waiver I knew the range was there and I could not complain about the noise. I agreed and made them sign the same thing as I throw parties and run open headers on my property. They said most people were nervous about the guns but I grew up in Aurora IL, so the only difference to me was they shoot during the day. Best of luck, I hope they don't force you all to have to move.
I hate to say this, but public officials do not like racetracks no matter how much revenue they generate for the area. They'll violate housing rulings and sometimes simply shut them down. I don't understand why old school honest hardworking American fun is always targeted
It's fine. All racing will be EV only in 10yrs anyway. 🤣
if it goes through and they build....once they start showing homes never let up on the race noise even if it requires a big ass audio system to match the actual volume...if no homes sell they'll have no choice but to fuck off
How much $$ does the race track bring in VS how much $$ does property taxes bring in?
Don’t ever give in! They may come at you with everything they got. Just don’t ever let them tell you to close!! This was yours first. The transplants can either deal with the noise or go back to California or New York!! We have been dealing with this same thing in Northern idaho!! Transplants move in to escape what they’ve created or let be created. Then complain about the way we’ve lived for decades. They need to conform to the current residents. Not the transplants! I’m more than welcoming to people who want to move to my state. But just remember where and why your moving here.
Unless you can grease the palms of the local commissioners and criminals, oops I mean politicians.  You're toast.  Good luck.
Great argument, one thing should have been mentioned. Legal racing on a track where safety precautions are in place is better for the community than people illegally racing in the city streets which poses a huge hazard to everyone not just those who want to race. Keep the track open!
"Hey we get this huge revenue boost, let's screw ourselves over so we can't even have enough income to support our lifestyles and complain about it during the next election process." -This legislature
Nothing better than overpopulated areas. 17 years in real estate. I hate developments. The farmer sells that land it's game over.
Where do I sign?
This stuff is seriously irritating and shows major lack of respect from the city to a business man. I've worked many years with a guy who ran a garbage company out of his backyard and he was there long before the subdivision next to almost put in in a few years after people had moved in they started calling the township complaining about the loud noises because we were starting the trucks up at 6:00 in the morning sometimes 530 because we had to get him ready for a long day's work. They knew exactly what they were moving into, and they still complained and the city then goes after him. I hope these people find out and you can somehow purchase the land yourself and maybe make a mud bog?
What if you bought some of the land nxt to the track
How do I help? Who do I call?
If the track has been there longer than the residences, you have every right to be there and do not have to change any thing.
You and many Americans are going to have to wake up and learn that due to the world going eco friendly you will be shut down if you continue to do what you do, like the burn-out events is just so unnecessary and destructive.
Hard to feel bad. It is this generation man. I need shop work. Now that I do not work in a shop. I can't even find a lift to work on my cars. Not unless I want to leave my jeep to some corporate trained moron. You want people to feel bad you can't own a race track. I can't even use a lift to work on my jeep .. after someone t boned my driver side. So I have zero sympathy. This world is trying to eliminate cars and trucks that move under their own power.
You spoke logically.....  the politicians didn't understand.
Unfortunately no matter what they say. The days of those tracks are numbered unless you purchase all surrounding properties developments always win and there one less spot to go to have fun. It’s hard to take it to the track when there isn’t any!!!
If it passes you buy the land and build houses to rent out to the track goers lmao.
Bring a car and rev it so the know what's up
That's nothing.... They put in 10 fucking homes per acre next to me. Good luck...!!!
Farmland isn't even safe to build homes on anymore. The ground is full of poison.
Worse comes to worse have every racer and youtuber you know buy one of the new houses planned. No noise complaints then.
So they buy it at right next door to a race track price. Then try to increase its value by shutting the tack down.
Best of luck!
Hawaii HONOLULU LOST ITS TRACK SINCE 2006-2007 I think it’s SAD
Ok so they’re building next to you… why do you need to move when you were their first.
Good luck but you not putting millions of dollars in there pocket 99.9%  not gonna happen..It will be like then need mufflers on cars and need to pass sound check as  well as tech plus will between cert on times can run at  . Good luck an even after you get that lucky  the noise will still be heard then there will be other laws they will get you for and fine or shut it down ...Epa for environment  laws .Just wait  you may win but you will still lose .Good luck
keep up the fight.  you are 100% right
Welcome to modern America, where who's got the most money and connections wins. Bunch of people sending emails isn't going to do anything I'm sorry it's true.
i know this isnt racing BUT i live in Switzerland (im from the UK) we have an ice hockey stadium been in the area since 1937, 10 years ago they build 3500 homes near it and now those home owners are complaing that there is too much traffic in the area and now the ice hcokey team SC Langethal have had the rights to build a new stadium cancelled and they closed down the team, 20k supports a week kids teams from under 9 to under 20 all going end of this season and a major team in the nation unable to play all due to NEW people coming in and complaining, thing is only people allowed to vote on if the team can stay and build or use the arena or not are the people in that post code and those are the people in the 3500 homes who are over 60 as its retirement homes.  pisses me off as the who nation will suffer as a result of 1 team closing as then its less talent less teams at all levels and less money overall for the sport.  your track will get the same treatment mark my words, there should be a home owners clause that stats IF you buy a house prepare for race weekend and if this bothers you LEAVE dont bother buying a home here,  just like douchbags who complain abut airport noise yet bought the home near an arport thats been around decades  KARENS AND KENS PISS ME OFF   i stand with you from over the pond, if i can do something to help let me know
It appeared like there was some fairly serious opposition to the re-zoning from some of the board members. Work with them closely. My home town in Grand Forks ND has a dirt track ( River Cities Sppedway)  at the Fair Grounds with a good working relationship with the Council. It brings people in from a 100+ mile radius, they eat, drink, buy gas, go shopping and generally give the town a boost every Friday night all summer.. In your case,Some just see the tax $$$ from the houses- and ignore the impact on the roads, sewers, water system.... 4500 homes × 4 people a home = 18,000 additional people. Are the developers building a new state of the art Waste Water treatment plant, upgrading the city / rural water supply system, paying for widening roads and installing traffic control??? 18,000 people is a decent sized town in the midwest- are the people of Bradenton ready for their taxes to go up to support the portfolio of billion dollar development groups?
Better get your wallet out our government is as corrupt as any other good luck
Manatee county have destroyed their agricultural community and natural lands. Shame on manatee county commissioners!!!
Easy fix. Say you now Identify as a black trans midget with a disability. They wont dare screw with you. Too worried about bad optics going after a really specific minority group.
whats the chance of buying the land or part of the land off the current developer to future proof anyone building on it?
I wish you the best in your efforts in not letting this go through because sadly the complaints will get it shut down despite those moving in knowing there is a race track there. It happened where I live when the ground near the dirt track was sold for home development, after years of fighting the zoning board and city the owner was forced to close the track after being in business for over 50 years. The city/county sees the initial big gain of money but fails to see the long range loss of hotel tax money, restaurant revenue, fuel sales, and the other associated revenue. The biggest losses are the mom and pop race groups who have less places to go, the environment where it’s affordable to take the family out for a weekend, and that race driver who just lost another opportunity to chase their dream.
What planning developers would decide to build 4500 homes right next to a race track anyhow like wtf?! If they get approved then you need to make every potential buyer aware of this so nobody purchases a home there.
Tesla dragway..  I agree, a 25’ fence won’t mitigate noise, it’s impossible. We had a track here in maine that I could hear on Saturday nights 3 towns away.
Go near a NASCAR track. Those stadiums are well over 25 ft tall and you can hear those cars for a mile out easy.
no idea who you are but sent an email in support.
Greed
Just did it for you Brother!!!!
They will pass it regardless because all they see if 4500 possible new tax payers.
Killdozer enters the chat....
I really hate to tell you this, you should sell to the developers.  You will at least get more than the tracks worth before it’s shut down and not worth anymore than the land under it. I would really hate to see this happen but financially it would be your best bet and move on to another abandon track.  That development crap is coming your way regardless of what you do.  You may slow it down but it’s coming. Don’t waste the next ten years spending all you money to fight with them, just move on and start over. Btw, I race and I love it, it just a loosing battle.
This sucks
If we all move in to those houses it shouldn't be an issue lol
In 20-30 years there will be only be electric cars on the main roads... that being said, on the track is going to be the only way to drive a gas car/truck
I guarantee if you donate alot of money in your community and help the surrounding area by environmental causes will make you look good. Also I'd prob donate a butt-ton of $ into Ron DeSantis campaign and bet he can pull some huge favors for ya in the future. That's what it's all about anyway fattening pockets
The racetrack & keeping it is your biggest argument, a couple other key points to bring up in the next council meeting is to talk about trying to preserve the land instead of building it on there talk about the animals that might thrive there, how the wall would be an eye sore and not very attractive, how there is a bunch of other places you can build this, how many times do big projects go cold because of funds, the housing market isn't the best  how much you guys do for the community hopefully that helps your argument! Freedom Factory Forever
the state wont give 2 sh*ts about your track, is my prediction.. there is more money in new homes. money talks
Am sorry but you don’t have a rece track is a hangover playing with car and making nose sorry but you need to sale the track to the land people and get something to do with your car
Here's an idea, Get a group of loud vehicles, park them at a similar distance from the court house that the homes would be from the track. While you're giving your appeal, have them on your queue rev up and make noise. This would help support your claim that new unknowing residents are going to complain about the track.
Our local track just shut down "palm beach international". The racing never stopped and never will... hopefully your county will see the light.
Probably dumb idea but can you just buy the land before they do🤷🏻‍♂️
Amazing they willingly approve it because of the money
Unfortunately those homes will make certain people a lot more rich than your race track will and it’ll get approved regardless
If it was a track only for EV,s they would still complain. We lost one the oldest drag strips in Ms. because of this. It's all about money not noise. Hang in there and fight, the track was there first but if you lose in the end then when the time comes and they want to expand or build a shopping mall there on your land. Make them pay triple what it's worth. You could build a race track on the Moon and someone would complain. Good Luck.
I'd buy a house beside the race track !!!
I wish someone rich would buy out old farm land and plant trees and make it a nature reserve so people would stop building those shit pop up homes or even wearhouses
If you win this one hopefully you have the opportunity to purchase this land and mmm maybe do 1 better then there 25 foot wall. Get it zoned for commercial and what ever hotels would be. I know this isn't a perfect answer but if the same entity or parent company owns the land and develops it with a mind set of working with the community and not just how much $ can we make ( yes it needs to have a plan to pay for itself ). I'm a little late to this video but good luck. This coming from someone that like your situation lost the track that had been in place for centuries and lived 15ish miles away and on the right nights could enjoy the sounds of the race track. Good luck
Fuck all those northern political bums that come to Florida to play politics In there minimal base ass pay position because they feel like they are  “doing” something.  Bums I’ll hopefully be there to support, all they try to do it put cookie cutter thrown together stick and mud shit homes that all have problems within 5 years.
if building houses near a race track will result in a flood of noise complaints forcing you to stop holding events then technically by building those houses wouldn't it be against the 1st amendment? (freedom of assembly) wouldn't it also be against the 5th amendment if by building these houses you would lose your lively hood? ( be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.)
The powers at large have already been paid and there is allot more money to be made on 4500 homes, with a minimum sale price of 250k per home that is close to 1.6 billion sorry my friend but you do not stand a chance.
This issue has a 'Yellowstone' ring to it.   Guess Cleetus has to go John Dutton on this. Can't be there but fully support what Cleetus is trying to do.
Gotta love how the planners in bunch of usa also build a neighborhood like that right across from another 5000 homes and wonder why theirs a shit ton of traffic
If they don’t get out of here with that bro
Cleetus, I have some very important information about the demise of English Town Raceway Park in Old Bridge NJ that you need to hear. What's happening to you is exactly what happened there as you mentioned in your testimony. I have direct knowledge and experience with the tactics used by the Township but more so the home builders and real estate agents involved. You need to hear this from myself directly. Please contact me yourself and or your legal team. Thanks.
Tell them it’s for trans and gay kids. They’ll pay you to keep it open
I have lived close to race tracks on two occasions. first i was 2 miles as the crow flies and coulds still hear the races.   Later i moved driectly outised a race track and it was loud on race nights.  A 25 foot wall wont do jack.
I feel this pain my local track palm beach international speedway was closed this year because someone decided to turn the entire track into warehouses
Maybe their going to race all electric cars🤣 I live 15 miles from the Nascar track in kansas city kansas and I can still hear the humming of those cars, a 25ft wall tells me these people are clueless about race car noise and probably have no business being on a county commissioners board but I'm sure they were probably placed there and are paid to vote through whatever they are instructed to!!
Good luck brother, My home track was in the middle of a swamp and they shut it down for housing. Racers are being pushed around all the time. I loved racing at your track many years ago. I truly hope you prevail.
Man I hate you're having to go thru this! I pray all turns out in your favor
Garrett we are just humans. You are fighting a battle. PRAYER.
Lake Geneva Raceway, Summerville Speedway, Cooper River Dragway, all tracks I used to race at and all 3 of them were KILLED by urban sprawl.
Anyone check on all the property that developers wanna buy by the track , that could possibly force the track to close due to many issues ??    How many wetlands are on the property developers wanna buy by track  ??  Drainage for their development?  Water shed , traffic data needed ?  Endangered species, plants etc on that property??   Swift mud , army corps of engineers ,  & also tree huggers  & Naturist, rural space lovers , car Enthusiast, etc  please do ur part in getting this proposed development by the dragstrip Thoroughly looked into & addressed Appropriately..   everyone Please keep our Florida tracks running by doing ur part ;) ..
Population control ?
We live outside of town but are 4000' away from Amarillo Dragway, and while it's loud at time most of the times you can't hear the cars inside. We like to listen to the cards, BUT, I can't imagine being closer or depending on a berm to attempt to make it more quite. Good luck!
It's all about the money
RIP freedom factory
The best of luck to ya !!
How did you get away with wearing a hat in the courtroom?
government only interested in taxes and votes.  Need to argue how much local food makes the community...even then the people that own the ag land prob just want to retire from govt headaches and cash out.
done
Man this sucks bad! Hope it works in your favor!
What they’re doing to you is wrong. I’m sorry but if fighting doesn’t work, then they’re gonna take it from you and leave you with very little to nothing.
Go straightt to desantis.  Eff the local boards
Emails just Sent........FREEDOM!
Connecticut Dragway. Mid eighties.
I'm am a florida native the need to stop with all the house and trying to get rid of all the fun places
Open houses are usually held on Saturdays, sometimes Sundays. You know what to do king. Home owners can't complain if they don't exist. Lil Saturday blap blap with the boys, open headers all day.
Be a little more respectful and remove the hat next time you're in front of the commissioners.
We lived 2 miles away from a mediocre racetrack (before it was shut down by new community) and heard engine roar as clear as day. Maybe they should build a racer community? Edit: Urban sprawl is a Ponzi scheme. New housing for a county is essentially a Ponzi scheme. Where you have new tax dollars coming in to prop up the services for other neighborhoods that are underfunded. The commissioners are going to see all that tax $$ coming in and the speedway will need to go. My suggestion is to, sadly, sell the track now to the developers and build something new, if plausible. It sucks, but they are going to allow the build. Ponzi scheme $$ is better than revenue from a racetrack. Sorry...
Thanks thanks thanks for your hard work bro   Poster child that save us.   R.P.m. act important  Can you buy it and make a race car community country club there
This is what is happening all across the country in areas that are in high demand for housing. The money the developers are throwing around is getting them what they want and forcing farmers and freedom loving people like yourself to sell their land and start over or die out all because these planning committees won't say no to projects that impact the existing land use and owners. I wish you the best and hope you can stop them.
maybe they would prefer street racing
I used to reside on Rhy road about a couple of miles from the race tracks. when I was outside I could hear the race cars from miles away the jet truck around late at night was loud miles away in the country sound travels very well just saying and I believe the county growing into the country should not hamper the country people who were there first
I live in Pinellas and worked an overnight shift at a company several miles away from Showtime Speedway, when I would go outside at night for a break, I could hear the races. They obviously were just a droning noise but I figured out what they were pretty quickly.
This same thing happened at the local racetrack in Rolla Mo. It killed the racetrack for all racing events. Which is interesting because the fair grounds are still using the old track for demo derby and other car stuff. However because of "noise" the neighborhood around the area racing isn't allowed.
You have to understand that Developers Have Big Big Big Money  they pay off city ,county, and state gov. and money always talks welcome to a corupt world , its human nature.
If they get approved and build the houses. As soon as the houses in the vicinity of the track are built try to get people who want to live nearby the freedom factory in those houses so there will be no complaints.
That wall won’t do anything I used to live on Nellis Air Force Base in Las Vegas and if you look on a map I lived on the side furthest from Las Vegas speedway can you could still hear the cars
Buy the land
3 homes per acre. Geez.
I live 40 miles from Gulfport dragway and I can still hear the racecars on clear nights.     man screw them !  Keep up the good work brother.  That's why they do that there trying to get rid of racing  it's happening everywhere!
Get Desantis involved especially losing farm land which Florida needs
screw them, don't sell unless they are willing to either sponsor the build of a new track, or pay three times what it would cost for you too buy and build a new one somewhere else.
I live 8.1 miles away from US 13 Dragway in Delmar de. I can clearly hear the track running from my house. Not inside my house but it’s noticeable. A fence ain’t doing squat.
No man no person will buy a house next to race tracks that developer is stupid 😂
Just seeing this now, sent an email, did my part to explain to them why passing this is a bad idea all around.  Best of luck to ya man.  This is bullshit.  We've lost too many tracks this way.
If anything, they should make it commercial property. I wonder if you can buy any of it..  Also, good luck with building a hurricane proof 25 foot tall wall. Sounds expensive and like a fools task to me. Im sure there are plenty of places to build. Hopefully the Land owners will consider something different. But it not right to do that honestly, This shouldn't be allowed. Keep the zoning how it is. It's that way for a reason. And you were there first so you should be Grandfathered in, at the very least but still.. This would be the beginning of the end of the track.
This will end up like Spencer Speedway in Williamson NY. The track was founded in the late 50’s  and in the 90’s the started building houses around the race track. And people started complaining about the noise of the drag strip and stock car racing on Friday and Saturday nights. Now the track is closed and for sale.
Get the county to supply new homeowners with earplugs. When law enforcement arrive to complainants houses. Have them give out earplugs as well.
The lady on your thumb nail looks mad asf what a Karen
I’m going there and cursing them out
I read the title “Help me DEFUND the freedom factory. Had me shook for a sec 😂
Buy the adjacent land, do a few bs environment studies then have it declared a conservation easement.
Buy all the houses and just make it a derby track 😂
Good luck cleet. This sucks man.. heart goes out
if they close the track, people will turn to the streets and start drag racing on public roads
Its about tax revenue. Cant win this one. Hope you prevail tho!
Take these racetracks away see what happens things will get a little bit louder.
They did that to et speedway in Arizona last year or sometime this year they did the sound wall but they ended up closing it down do to housing
Good luck brother. Email sent.
I hope You Win for the Freedom Factory.  Hell Yeah Brother.  Keep on fighting for it.  I like your Youtube channel.  Keep up the hard work.  Help Keep The Race Track Going For Years To Come.  🙂
Same thing with gun ranges
this kind of garbage always happens.
What is America if we can't even do what we want on our own property.
I live in Parrish, and can occasionally qhear some of the cars. Of more importance to me, this county is already in a sad state. We have a diminishing supply of drinking water, most natural bodies of water are contaminated, and the roads are already terribly congested.
I would mention that racing on the track is safer and keeps street racing to a minimum which keeps the public safe as well.
Sent the email Cleetus, used to go there all the time as a kid when my familys company sponsored a racecar. Hope it works out brother
Wwhhhaaaaaaaattttt
This is why we can't have anything nice. Always someone waiting to throw a MASSIVE wrench in your plans. This thing was in the middle of nowhere with no one giving a fuck about it and it's adjacent area(s). All of a sudden there's interest in the area surrounding the track. Gee . . . 🙄🤦‍♂ It's all about money and sadly, I think the home building company it's more loaded than Cleetus and they'll win this one attrition battle in the long run. They'll buy out ALL the politicians in the board and everyone else that stands in their way. Good luck, Cleetus, you gonna need it . . . and probably some sharp lawyers too. 🤞😬
You need to bribe an official to win this. The building contractors have already done that or this wouldn't even been approved for court time. Just sucks. This is obviously a hugely bad thing to do. You are bringing in more money than the homes will long term. I'm not sure my email will help as I'm a UK citizen currently but I am on your side and wish you luck. Just typical that someone comes from the bottom to something absolutely amazing then gets stomped on by morons. Unbelievably predictable unfortunately in this day and age....
RIP 💀💀💀
I wish i live there to support👍🏻
Just get louder cars. Theyll move and regret moving and loosing out on all that money. Thats theyre fault for moving there
Ah a Bureaucratic Christmas gift  I lived in Levy County years ago no not much on the fond memories front  . . . hopefully the cards fall in your favor
i send a email i will hope it will help greetings from germany
Get word to your local dealerships and have them work up the chain to the manufacturers Ford, Chevy, GM. Tracks mean a lot to them as well.
Let's remove all fun and unique things and build cutter houses. Then ppl will wonder why there's nothing to do. Trash politicians go brrrr...
As a descendant of farmers it upsets me every time agricultural land gets turned into suburbia. Do people think food magically appears at the grocery store? Also, this is how gun ranges die too
Everybody’s Republican until it comes to themselves. Cleetus has been playing to a conservative market his whole internet career. Now he has to face what those conservative lawmakers love, to bullshit and screw the average man.
You need lawyers bro
You need more evidence than just here say about the benefits ...proof!
Sell it and start over!
Gov 💩 on the little man
i really hope you guys can stop this. my local dirt track had its last season this year and i am really gonna miss hanging out with friends listening to the sound of racecars sending it around the track
Manatee county officials have already been Paid.
For me it’s not so much about the track itself, it’s definitely about the McFarland legacy!!! We love u cleet ima send in my e mails for ya bud the most help I can offer from PA but also man this is a shame !!!
Cleet record the dbs of the race events and see how much distance with trees it takes to mitigate as much sound as possible. Then see if it's too late to try and buy some of that land from them as a natural sound barrier.
They gotta prevent you from having fun. It should be illegal to file a noise compliant in anything other then an apartment or hotel. Whatever happens on your property should be your business and your business only
This sort of thing really pisses me off. We had a case in the uk where somebody bought a new house right next to a motorway and then complained about the noise. I assume the dopey cow had actually looked at the fecking thing before buying it. I wish you the best of luck, anybody can see how much you have put in to this and what a great facility it is.
Adams Motorsports Park in Southern California. Everything was perfectly fine for us to f*** around make noise and then inside the builder homes right up next to the f****** track. Screwed everything, Just saying you're screwed about 10 ways from Sunday
I know it's basically a yes or no issue, but are there alternative methods of sound abatement you could propose. As other commenters have mentioned the income from a development of this size is a huge incentive for the various boards to give it the thumbs up, so your odds a pretty slim of successfully blocking it. That being said if you have a "compromise proposal " that would allow the development but limit your tracks exposure to the future residents I think you might improve your odds of protecting the track. Something like 25 foot walls and a setback limiting how close houses can be... with trees vegetation planted in the setback...??? Bottom line is having something to offer might give the board(s) cover to allow the development to move forward and you the opportunity to get wording in on a land use design that decreases  the likelihood of complaints.
Have it rented out for the track
I am in South-Africa, but if I were there I would stand there to oppose!
I can’t stand new development areas, can’t stand developers.
That dale plaque behind you is amazing
U.S. 30 Dragstrip was eliminated the exact same way.😡
Get a petition started asap to protect the tracks
I live in Australia, but common sense is world wide! The race track has obviously been there years before the residential development plan the council has put into place. Also, the race track creates a safe place for people to go hard in there performance cars instead of suburban streets.
Here in Summernats capital we lost our dragstrip to the government BS, Good luck in your fight Cleetus 👍
Yeah sure they can build there if they agree to buy you more land, new buildings, new track…and get it done before they start building any of the houses.
45k new homes sounds like a much better, sustainable and consistent revenue source than a race track.  Use your money and buy a other track somewhere else and continue your hobby.
Investors pay the politicians, and they have enough money.. They get permits, then you get complaints, and then the politicians tells you, that you have to shut down.  You need to donate some millions, then MAYBE they'll take your view into consideration. Bribe is King in modern "democracy"
ask the commissioners how they plan for long term protection of the track which provides revenue to the county?
I'm not going to be respectful at any government gathering. F them
I sure as hell hope I’m wrong, but knowing how corrupt governments are these days and that they only care about money, I don’t see this going the way we all want... I hope for the best for you man.
With how this world works, there is too much money behind development. Hoping for the best. This is BS. Will the county cover expenses of moving your facilities?...lol
Deja vu here, my favorite motocross track got shut down after people kept building houses around it even though it was there first and completely in the middle of nowhere.
We got a race track 12miles away from our town an my house is 15miles away. An I can still hear them from those 15miles away in my house.
Pull up and rev your motor, show them how comfy it is to live next door to a race track. What idot wants to build homes next to a racetrack? this isnt a country golf club...
Damn YouTube and their shadow banning. I didn't get the notification for this until Saturday December 17th.
Their ain't gonna turn down. All the tax money for those homes they don't care about the race track happens all the time. It sucks.......
That's all about the money 💰.
Ive email everyone, and wish you the best of luck 🍻 Steve, Australia
Sadly I'm in british columbia or I'd be there
I have sendt the e-mail. Best wishes from Norway.
It’s all about money and development dude, they don’t care about anything you’re saying There’s more money in property taxes on each home than one race track,
If this development goes ahead, I would bet every dollar and asset I own that there will be heavy-handed curfews on operating hours and limits on sound levels. I live in a pretty heavily forested area and I still hear loud road vehicles (not even race vehicles) up to a mile away. A huge sound barrier will cost a fortune, it will be an eye-sore and in terms of noise reduction will do very little in reducing noise. It's yet another classic example of an established racetrack with it's days numbered due to urban development.
A hit and miss race track doesn't provide the county with guaranteed taxes coming from 2400 or whatever amount of housing's. It's sad how contractor's and planning and development at the city work hand in hand to stack the deck and I'm betting you if someone looks into who's in charge that allows the zoning will have a BIG bonus randomly..Wish you the best Mr Cleetus
I'm just curious why the racetrack would have to bend to the whims of homeowners that move in next to a racetrack?  Like how is this any different than an airport?  They don't stop flights because it's "quiet hours"
Get a historical registry placard for the tracks to protect them.
Get whistling diesel to buy the land 💸💸💸💸💸
It would be awesome if you could buy all the land around the racetrack, like 10-20 mile radius etc  Paper Pushers ruin everything
Classic case of corrupt politics, bought and paid for. They don't even listen to these testimonies, it just goes in one ear and out the other.  Run loud cars on that track everyday once houses start going up to scare off potential buyers. Lol
This sucks. We lost our historic local drag strip (KCIR) because of encroaching houses, greedy developers and public officials too. I haven't been to a drag strip since.
Start acquiring the land
Wish you the best of luck!
I send an email from Sweden  Sorry i can’t com to support you.
Stand tall they will destroy racing and all that we stood for United we stand!
This happened to out track. They sold the housing to unknowing Californians (haha they deserve it) and now all they do is file noise complaints. You fucking moved next to a race track idiots. It will be gone eventually.
I didn't get a notification for this video until today. I am subscribed and have the notifications active on 2 accounts on 2 devices....
I stay across the road from a racetrack, used to be racing on a Sunday all the time when I was a kid. Unfortunately too many people don’t know racecars are load
We had a brand new race track proposal squashed in my town in australia due to a "rare orchid". This orchid is found fucking everywhere. The guy that opposed this track and found this rare orchid was head of the local orchid society. Shit you not.
How much land is there in the US😳😳?????…..what RETARD thought it was a good idea to plan for residential buildings next to a race track?????….we have morons in the UK, but you guys in the US have won the gold medal with this one……absolutely tragic.
Housing in this market?
They will pass it, but they will also go bankrupt trying to build right now. Then you can buy them up in 8 months and make some money
for someone thats all gung ho about freedom, you sure are trying hard to go against freedom. Let them build their homes, its part of FREEDOM. Youre just mad because it will bring you less revenue, such a damn hypocrite
Loud tracks over section 9 with needle tracks
My man. I’m in Oregon and we have firm urban growth boundaries. Your issue is…tax revenue. Calculate tax revenue per new homes planned times X amount of years…you are up against a wall.  I’d say…find some type of previous land contamination to stop the encroachment.   I truly feel for you.  This monster battle has to be won before the State gets it.   Calculate your generated community revenue, per event..per year.  Get your neighbors involved. 3 houses per acre is a huge amount of traffic. People despise traffic by the ol home on the daily.   All this or the developers relocate you at their expense. Asphalt, outbuildings and all.   Keep the Racing off the streets. Saving lives one track at a time.   You’ve thought of all this already.   Anywhoo. Just thoughts from a guy.   Be well. Best of luck.  👍<~~Oregon
I have actually stood at the podium at my local city council meeting so I can understand what you faced. It takes a certain group of people who seek to position themselves in those positions and they are usually people who scheme and are always two faced, left leaning mostly. They suck to deal with. Would rather a mosquito suck my blood than plead a case to a council nowadays full of cuck men and Karens
we have the same thing in australia,even shutting down orchards.good luck buddy.
We lost rmr in Utah, because of complaining business and young motorsport track because of being rezoned to residential.
Bullonie! How ever you spell bologna
That would be crazy if Florida approves that change. Another red flag would be the impact on the access to the race track property/business. You got my support, it sounds like you need the property next door and build your own property for hotel/resort to  temporary house all the people visiting the racetrack/ supporting Florida.
It may be too late, but I emailed from North Pole, AK!
I don’t know what your financial situation is but why can’t you just buy the 10 or 15 acres around the freedom factory
If you can’t beat them, join them. Embrace the new community and put up billboards in that area showing what you can do for the community. Even become a resident and encourage others to move in. Make it a wholesome community first, and a racers community second. Bring some of your passion for racing to the next level and make a bigger difference. We appreciate your hard work.
I love the sound of race cars if I could live next to a racetrack I'd be happy Be able to  Either Watch the race on my roof  or just listen to the cars go around the track  I'm with you on this one cleetus
Who knew Yellowstone was a documentary.
No one cares, you build it and we'll tear it down
City councils get more and more corrupt, stingy, and bureaucratic as time goes on. New cities thrive and old ones die. Screw all government, absolute power corrupts absolutely
There is a method that could be used to prove that the wall would not work as they plan by taking a decibel meter to the center of the proposed area for rezoning while the dragstrip is active during an event
No.
That’s exactly how my closest track Englishtown Raceway Park was shut down 5 years ago
Update?
Sounds like they need a ride to the train station.
This happen on longisland and killed racing
Los Angeles shut down the old Lions Dragstrip in Wilmington/Carson CA(basicly Long Beach) in '73 and used the excuse 'noise complaints' so City of LA could annex the track land and turn it into shipping container space for the emerging Port of Long Beach. Of course LA won and a LEGENDARY track was killed off for big govt greed.   It is NEXT DOOR to the existing Marathon oil refinery what used to be Ritchfeild oil since 1950s, then BP and Tesoro. The houses that were and are still there are not high class homes and usually are right next to refineries here in (now) crowded metro LA/Bay Area California. The refineries and racetracks were always there before the homes were that were ag/cattle land. Now the Oil Refineries are pressured have to suck khack to the new usually 'immigrant refugee'(not multi generational americans) public and say "we operate at the pleasure of the community" and thats total BS. IF you buy a home next to an oil refinery or race track you should be req. to sign waiver forms on the mortgage acknowledging the fact and never be allowed to sue much less complain on a survey that knocked on your door that was sicked on the home owner by the agency that wants the land.
Can you set up some sort of online petition that we could sign to make it more accessible and easy? I have no doubt everyone who watches and supports your videos is willing to do it but people don't have much brain power left over, streamline the process and I guarantee you well meet your quota
Lmfao I live next to the former Miller Motorsports Park I was also security there for years they're under new ownership now and I still barely hear them
They're in it for the money just like you., There is nothing you can do to compete with the revenues to be generated from, not even close. A project of this size, would have been in the works for 5 - 7 years, probably longer, the previous owner probably knew/ knows a lot more about this than you'd like to believe .The drawings alone would take 2-1/2 years, the plans were probably mothballed for 2 years for the non-sense flu season. Again, with a project of this size, the city/ state/ government are most definitely involved/invested. As far as you and your racetrack is concerned, they don't want to miss out on the opportunity to tax and impact/ carbon fee you out of the neighborhood . The writing is more than "on the wall", unless you start looking at doing some residential development yourself, you're not going to be around much more than 3 or 4 years after they break ground.  this development will most likely bankrupt a hedge fund or two and never be completed, but you'll still be gone. Sorry to see this happen to anyone, but the outcome is very obvious.
U know full well build back better and the greenies , race track is gone!
I’ll be in Bradenton the week after this, I would have totally gone! Emailing now!
Why not buy some of it, you can do off road racing and mud bogs
Im a hardcore car enthusiast and drag racer, but im going to be real here, you will not win. Ever hear the term, you cant fight city hall? Heres why you will lose, you have everything to lose and they have everything to gain. 4500 homes = 4500 homeowners paying property tax forever, home values will only grow which means higher property taxes, more utility charges, more city spending for unneccessary repairs paid for by the taxpayer. Its not about whats right or how stupid it is to build 4500 homes next to a racetrack, its about money, money to be gained by the state. The amount of people you bring in for track days that spend money in that state isnt even a fraction of the money the state will collect on taxes. But hey, i hope the car gods turn this in your favor, but highly unlikely because this case has been decided way before they even drew the papers up to you. They know you will fight it, like everyone else did, and they know what your argument will be, its nothing they never heard before. They have an agenda, and your not included. Good luck to ya
They just need to sale those homes to race fans and gear heads 👍✌️
if possible you could buy the land and make rentals for race events that people who come from far away can rent out while attending the events.... for a fee that makes money but doesnt break the visitors banks
Me and my girlfriend always wanted to get into cars and tuning, and aside from the cost of the cars alone, we have no where to actually play with them. I love rally, and I don't even know where to find a dirt track for cars that isn't like, hours away
I wonder what's gonna happen  if they kill the drag strip, where you can legally and safely play with cars without bothering people....
Buy some of the land next to it then haha
Man when "development" comes they certainly screw the best things in life
Another possible solution might be to purchase the land next to the track and make it some kind of nature preserve, something they can't get their hands on. There could actually be some kind of tax benefit to it.
Find some dirt or you'll be selling your track dirt cheap.
Over the last 6 years I've noticed a decline in this country like never before I'm only 37 years old and it always seems like anything and everyone in this country is always coming after someone for something I assume it's something to do with the race cars being too loud then after you saw that problem that's going to be something else and then after you saw that problem it's going to be something else everywhere I go I see the American flag flying but it doesn't feel as good to be an American today as it was 10 years ago I don't know what we face next in this country but I do know one thing the decline is real.  Unfortunately our own success and happiness in this country is also our downfall and I believe there has been too much freedom people feel like they can do whatever they want now you see it on TV you see it on the news you see it with every device you see it on every street corner freedom isn't free.
Limerock is the local track here, lots of scumbags moved in and complained.  Now they cant race on weekends.
Mate if it doesn’t work for you come to Australia
I live a few blocks from a race track where they sometimes have concerts and I could barely hear it, it really depends how well they develop the area around it to dampen the sound. But of course communities will always be against these things but then get mad that there are street racers everywhere when they get rid of local tracks
Cleet i hate to say this because i kind of dress like you, truckerhat and t-shirt, when you are going to something official like that, trie do dress like them, maybe not directly a suit and tie but at least a shirt with no logo’s and a vest and no hat… if 25 year old me could hear me say this😂 grtz from Holland
Watching this the day after, I hope it went well
I lived in Valrico for 6 months when you were building the Freedom Factory. I've since moved to the other side of Florida, but still love attending events you host. For that, I've sent over an email to the folks listed, with my full name and address, opposing the application. Thanks for bringing this to light!
The developer already paid people off im sure.
Let's be honest...at the end of the day, the motivation for approving the development is (drum roll please!)...property taxes to be collected on ~4,500 homes (not to mention future accounts receivables on residential utilities).  Good luck stopping it...I'm sure it's a foregone conclusion...they are simply obligated to allow citizens to object, even though it won't alter the outcome.  Signatures are great but they won't prevent it from occurring.
Doesn't matter how much you fight against this the developments will win because they have the money. If you don't believe me just ask me and I could give you more than 10 examples of this happening in my old hometown and how they have literally forced qorking class families out of the city or how they have increased the price so much for basic things that make the places shut down and families leave just so they can tear it all down and build something to cater to rich Yankees and old a ss people that have nothing better to do than cry and complain.
not even a mcfarland fan but this govt practice is fucked, much support.
Just heard of a ton of farm land sold for a Lowes and Costco in Texas, which in turn, will only create more development I am sure. This is in Tx.
no thanks.  I'll pass.
Real life yellowstone
So the track was already moved because of this and the area near the track is for agriculture.  So if you put houses where the fields and pastures are, where will you get your food?  Where do the farmers have to go?  Why should you have to move because some rich ahole from another state wanted to develop property?
Thats how they are killing dairies and pig farms as well...
This I what happened to my local drag strip in kansas city...they built houses around a drag strip, then complained about the noise from the drag strip. And they shut down KCIR. Because idiots bought land around a drag strip.
It's funny because they keep wanting to make these cheap shitty built homes now, yet barely anyone is buying the new homes
Lakewood ranch is eating myakka alive, its sad. It was my dream to raise my kids out there but thats changed. Its just not the same bub
That land is a Bigfoot habit and they will be mighty upset if more houses are built on there land
This is happening everywhere they’re shutting down the old ones and taking their land wish the best for you
Its abt to be yellowstone irl
That’s crazy, “let kick out a business that brings us so much revenue” what a joke.
This is super bullshit!!!  Its happened many times.
wish I would have seen this before now I would have gone but I will write
These same kinds of hearings occurred in my area. Developers have killed two of the best racetracks in the Phoenix area. First it was Speed World and then ET Motorsports Park. 2023 will be the very last year for the NHRA Nationals at Wildhorse (formerly Firebird) before that track is shut down. We still have PIR for Nascar but all of the dirt oval, motocross, and drag racing is gone FROM THE LARGEST METROPOLIS IN ARIZONA! We are losing all of our racetracks and motorsport is huge here. Yet people still have the nerve to bitch about street racing.
So fucking sick of development!!  So fucking sick of expansion and population growth and only for money.  Shit ass cookie cutter homes, horrible designs, horrible energy efficiency, does nothing but fuck everyone else!  Sick of farmers not being taken care of, the debt and suicide rates of farmers are off the scales!!  And again all just for money!   In my area farms had to or did sell out to homes, now Intel moved in and will level over 100 homes and hundreds and hundreds of acres to build tons of factories!!!  Fucking sick of it!!!!!
I don't think they should build the homes and stuff either that's crazy bro hopefully that don't happen and they deny it the track needs to stay where it's at instead of having people telling you have to build a fence because of the noise of the cars they need to build the homes elsewhere I wish you the best Cletus hopefully they don't do it and they take their asses somewhere else and build them and leave the freedom factory alone
Let’s save the freedom factory!!!!
this is government corruption they plan out a subdivision living area and then go outside boundaries and think “nothing bad will happen” then if we rebel we get arrested, hated, and beaten down upon
You need to play dirty. Threaten to run against them, threaten to donate money to campaigns of their opposition, threaten to ask your followers to donate to the campaigns of their opposition. You have fame, money, and a loyal following. Use it! (I know you are using it by making this video)
email sent!
You might want to reach out to your fellow YouTubers to get this message out and show them that you truly do bring in tourists from everywhere
It's crazy that they always want to convert farm land for residential areas. How are we going to feed the community if there is no farm land to grow food.
so what you gotta do is go buy a bunch of the land around it so that you can have it.
the thing is, is that slinger speedway people that live next to it are annoyed with the noise but its only sunday nights.
“Keep it on the track” what if there is no track. Should we race in those neighborhoods that take them away? No that’s what the track is for
Solution, build and sell private racetrack homes along the border of the racetrack
Should you compromise and try buy a strip along side you man, then vegetate and put a massive sound earth bank. Then use some for parking if ever needed👌👌👌 good luck bro
GET YOUR LAWYERS TO FILE IT AS A HISTORY SITE.  IT WILL THEN BE PROTECTED
Bro there's plenty of other places to put those houses so stupid  what are the part of Bidens team
When you shut down racetracks, the streets become the racetracks. Since politicians typically dont really care about safety but care about money, im sure speeding tickets and arrests are a better proposition to them..
Same shit happened here in Eugene Oregon many years ago. I think the city after complaints from local residents made up some shit about the land being a natural habitat for wildlife to get it shut down.  There is a Walmart a stones throw from the track now... The track is still there and very grown over so I have a couple times trespassed with my dualsport to go rip around it. Also used to be a dragstrip across the hwy to the nw of the circle track that I think was shut down before I was born in the early 80's.
If Clete can win this he should try to buy up the land around him do this does not occur again
find the so called developers buy the land before they build the homes
I live a few miles from Dixie speedway. They shut down for a while. I enjoy hearing them run but not the morons who knowingly moved next door to the track. The Karen's are winning and Dixie doesn't operate like it use to....sad times!
To move next to a race track and then bitch about the noise is about as fucking dumb as it gets All these race tracks We're built far away  from residential areas .. Then you wanna build houses next to them and complain about the noise what a bunch of more arms .. And then have the balls to have them shut down.. what a bunch of window liquors
Bro you also have to think of This you're taking street racing off the streets and putting them on a drag strip and race track so less problems on the street Think about  that. that is a huge deal fu3king yuppies
25 feet? That's like the walls they put up around I-695 - the Baltimore Beltway - and it's in people's backyard! It'll be fine
If it doesn’t go your way, consider embracing/inviting the new community and maybe sponsoring things like road cleanups and high school band uniforms - things that give even those who don’t like the noise a reason to support (or at least tolerate) the track.  Good luck!
Clevis, unfortunately you may have money BUT you don't have the money that REAL ESTATE DEVELOPERS have.
You know, the real solution here is to work with the developer. The properties bordering the track could have special track-related amenities, like a window through the wall, a viewing platform, or a private cam mast to watch events. You could attract gearheads to live near the track who would pay a premium for the perks. Maybe give them free spectator tickets and some track time too.
Goodluck you got the money to payoff the county coms. Or pay more than the developers. You would be better in putting in compensation claims for relocation and if not successful grounds for sueing for resticction of trade when track goes under.
I hate developments.  One day we won't have any food because the fields were all turned into identical soulless houses.
It's like building a house next to railroad tracks and complaining about the loud trains are...
Hopefully it goes your way, however don't be surprised that it doesn't. This world is not a very sensible place to be anymore, wouldn't you agree.. So hope for the best, but expect the worst. People who have "POWER" are 90% corrupt these days.. Good luck.
This is a losing battle, we lose Firebird raceway here in phoenix next year due to building. But now where are we are supposed to go? They go to the streets, people get hurt or die.
Save the track!
Dude, look up Byron Dragstrip in Byron, IL. They went through all this crap before, first they were told they need to shut down at a certain time, and that really put a strangle hold on it, and it closed down for a bit, but then they found something, and ran with it and opened up and has been killing it ever since!
Can you not create a petition? I for one would sign and I'm Australian.
Same thing happens to rendering plants and dumps they start off way out of town then the town rolls into it and forces them to move again.
Sadly I seen this video on the 17th at 12:20 am
These huge developers (Lennar, DR Horton, etc) absolutely own FL. They rape this state of anything nice just to make a buck then dip out, throwing millions at every county commission in kickbacks along the way. Hearings are a joke, there's a reason these states grow as fast as they do because all hearings are ignored. The developers already bought the whole county seat.
Bub you're fubar'ed they are already pushing you over  It's ashame
This just proves the point that common sence is truely dead.
This is why we must have these track so we can have fun while being safe. If there no track mostly likely people are gonna take it out on the road and street which is illegal. With some state that don't have track and is getting worst. I think we should keep the track for it.
Racers race on the street and people complain. So we get a race track built to do it legally and safely. Then people build houses next to racetrack and complain about noise. FFS
4k homes $250k a piece is a billion dollars development you probably won't be able to stop it!
Are you DAFT? Theres about to be shitloads of tax dollars flooding the county courthouse with 4500 homes land taxes all sorts of cash flooding the commissioners pockets ur not gonna stop that buddy no way no how . The county people are giddy thinking about the potential cash being brought by 4500 homes
Noise complaints shut down the most prominent dirt track in my hometown. Thankfully another picked up the business a few miles away.
You need a garbage dump close to your track that's the only protection you have from whiners and the leftist hipsters
It's these goddamn liberals
Gotta love the double standards. First the track will get shut down, then city officials will complain about a spike in illegal street racing. Take it to the track! Oh wait, we got rid of the track...
I love it when people buy land around racetracks, drag strips, and any place that involves large amounts of noise and build properties/build houses and expect things to change like looking at a house buying it and getting pissed because there’s a train track that’s runs through at 5:45 A.M. everyday like what did you expect getting this? Businesses like these build/buy out of the way to avoid bullshit like this. Then people expect them to abide bully their rules when the get property next to them..GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE!!!
How come Cletus can wear a hat in court but I can’t even wear mine in traffic court?
Same thing happens with gun ranges. Damn shame.
good thing you studied LAW!!!!!!!  good luck!
For an example of hearing a race track. I live off 301 in Riverview. When it’s cloudy the sound from East Bay Raceway can be heard clearly.
You should buy the land, and build homes for motorsports fans
Sorry man but $4.5 million roughly a year to the county on property taxes for all of those homes alone makes more since. Good luck! Do it for Dale!
This is exactly what happens to shooting ranges across the country.. people move enough people in to make a stink and then it's all gone....
I’m happy to see Cleet defend the honor of the race tracks. If I could make it I would. I will send emails to each and every person needed to stop this.
I hate to say it you need to find a high power lawyer and file a cease and desist in place immediately. But Florida is growing exponentially and this is not a good sign for things to come.  I dont live in Florida or I would be there.
As far as I'm concerned, if you move in near something noisy you shouldn't complain about it. The loud thing was already there, you were not. If you complain then you're just an idiot.
What about protected animals that are in that area? Bald Eagles, Gopher tortoises, Florida Panthers, etc. they can’t build in protected animal habitats.
Where I'm from developments are obligated to include community access green spaces. If this project continued they could provide a sound barrier as an expanded walkable nature space rather than wall.
Tell those LimpWristed Democrats to *suck it up* & leave *your* property alone!
This is the adults booting out the kids from their treehouse sorry not gonna win
Yeah, this IS how racetracks die. And even if not die, this is how Pacific Raceways, Qlispé Raceway, and Firebird Raceway now have sound curfew. After curfews, the attendance starts going down.
Maryland local here look at the Cecil county drag strip in rising sun Maryland ik you’ve been there a few times but there’s entire neighborhoods surrounding the strip and they’re fortunate enough to have no problems
This has been happening all across this country for the last 15 to 20 years. They would love to see racing disappear from the US. I live in Illinois and have seen no less than 10 tracks close because people build homes close to them and then complain about the noise until the track can no longer operate. The track gets heavy fines every time someone complains.  Which none of them can pay over time.
Guess it’s time to run for office there …..Cletus Dutton!
Old farts don't give a shit. Always was and they will continue to be that way... 🤬
These are the same type of Karen’s that move near train tracks and then complain about train horns being too loud 🤣
Being a libertarian I have to say the owners of this land has every right touse their land or sell it off to those who want to build and sell houses. Saying that you also have evry right to use your own land how it has been used for 50 years so I would recommend you do your best at making your track as within code as you can.
Man Karen was giving you the evil eye in the background, good luck 🤞
This is exactly how "Minnesota Dragways" died. It is also how gun ranges die. Keep up the good fight!
your track was there long before the housing edition. sound like the county just wants more houses for tax purposes. Because no wall will stop the noise. Plant more trees
This is literally another from of gentrification
They probably want build a bunch of ugly cookie cutter houses that all look the same.
Buy that land before it's developed
Don't do it yourself... Get a squad of lawyers. You'll win.
Is your name really garet Mitchell??
I'm in Vienna Ohio. People bitch about airport. If they don't like and get used to the C-130's and C-7 touch and go Monday Wednesday and Thursday. Tuff shit
Look at Firebird Raceway in Idaho. They got the track listed as a National Historic Place. It protects the track! They are over 50 years old!
Bro. Get a bad ass lawyer like i did. That doesn't care what buying neighbors say. And have it smashed. Cost money, but worth it long run 👍
the smart thing to do is make it a large shopping center or commercial district. it will bring in the money they'd want, and the race track could operate more in conjunction. hell even have a music venue out there. you can  have you cake and eat it too if people would just let ya
they don't see what we see and there is people on the inside getting payed off to keep passing it forward
Buy that land
Anything with the word “ Freedom " in it is under fire right now.
Hopefully it works out for ya 🙏
I don’t really watch you anymore but, I love what you do you’re an amazing creator and you gives people the true feeling of freedom.
This is why Moroso/ Palm Beach International Raceway is now dead. Then government complains about street racing. Granted in Palm Beach the zoning is for warehouses but dam! When does it end.
Live right next to a dirt track that brings in the big boys. We all knew moving in what they sound like.. that’s why I’m so close lol. If you don’t like the sounds these wonderful cars make don’t move in find somewhere else.
can they not settle for a good amount of land between development and the track as a sound buffer to make everyone happy?
Anyone can doesn’t matter where we live?
Whoever gets a house with the track in their backyard is just lucky 🤷🏽‍♂️
My father had an FBO (small airport) about 25 years ago. The airport had been there since the 1930s.  Housing developments were built near the airport in the 70s and 80s, and in came the noise complaints. The complaints never stopped, fortunately we had a city council that had a little common sense and ignored the whining. That being said you have an uphill battle, especially with your heaviest operating hours during the evening. Good luck on the front lines!
I live 5 miles from a circle dirt track and still hear the races. Not complaining, but shows that distance is needed. If I were any closer I may be more bothered.
Its going to happen, developments bring in tax money.
SCUMBAGS$$$ with dead president's good lucky
Years ago I used to live in Greyhawk Landing which is 8 miles from your racetrack, Friday nights I could hear the car races.  No wall or berm will make a difference.   Good luck stopping their agenda of overdeveloping the area.
As a Central FL native it disgusts me to see all the farm land turning into developments. Land owners are just as guilty as the companies building them though. Wishing the best for FF. FF will have had an everlasting effect on the motorsports community regardless of what comes from this.
Time to build a Cletus killdozer
no
Can I be there via video chat by chance
Unfortunately they're probably going to let it happen no matter what since it's going to generate them revenue. It's bullshit that people build houses right next to race tracks the complain about the noise. They tell us to take it to the track, then shut down the track
This is exactly what happened here in Englishtown, New Jerysey!! Please don't let this happen again. I've been to both ETown and the freedom factory and love both tracks, I would hate to see another great drag strip to be shut down.
I've been here for years watching your channel . Your viewers are faithful and I promise were gunna support you to the end buddy !
We can't tell the racetrack to just shut down, so we'll build 5k houses next door, put all the Karen's on the same block and wait until they get the place shut down for us.
I just wanna whip my f100 around the freedom factory one time
somewhere on the other end of what youre fighting is a person with a tremendous amount of money and power. Good luck. maybe recommend two back to back 50 foot fences....
Man this is sad that this is happening.
I'm finna email all these mofos 💀
Sad story of Sacramento Raceway. Same thing happened to them.
You do really good in court, well presented verbally.
Plus as race tracks close more street racing begins and then more cops get on to us for street racing even though In the end they started it
These types of places, as long as they're managed properly which by the sound of it, it is.  Are truly the heart and soul of a town, remove that and you have a basic suburbia with no entertainment or soul that'll drop in value FAST.
God I hope they don't end up getting his race track shut down it honestly might kill us as racers
First of all, 100% there will be complaint when they move in no matter what wall. Secondly with all this enviromental ideology going on, why cut down forest/swamp/whatever there is and wildlife that is there. Thirdly exactly what he sayed, the track is there because it was build OUT of town, now you want to move town next to it and complain that its there, ludicris.
I hate to be  a gerk but the money has already corrupted the decision,everybody already got paid,there going to build it and the only way is getting the media on it and maybe other YouTubers to help you out that are in the car life and get some support from whistlingdiesel no matter what you think of him,you must get everybody to put pressure on the that's your only chance slim but you got nothing to lose at this point.
Email sent!
It’s all about that money man… much future money made in development… that’s all that matters, I’m nervous in this one but I pray and have faith.
it’s not a long shot , we’re going to win !
That is bs u owned it b4 they thout about biulding homes buy a race track ..just more rich pricks that have money that wants to spend it buy biulding homes ..but why biuld it buy a race track  theres 24 thousand acres if they want to build it buy a racetrack build it away from it and suck it up butter cup u know what u are getting in to why try and shut down cletest and cars  for homes being built I do not approve the homes being built so close ge ownes the track give hom the dam respect and build the homes fare anuff away he can still burn the tiers helll ya brother
Sorry dude! I am afraid you are not going to win this one… the county das not care. I have been on meeting like that. Guess what they don’t care because u asking them to give up all this money…
So if I build a house close to a train track does the railway have to build a fence or move the tracks? They county and the railway would tell me exactly where to go
Email sent my man. I may only be 16 but I can handle myself. 👌
They have airport communities. Why not propose to the developers the worlds first drag racing community. With roads that lead directly to the track. Imagine nothing but drag racers living in one place.
Liberals and Karen's will complain till they have it shut.  New neighbors should have ZERO say in race tracks that were already existing.
sorry to hear this is happening! hope this works out the best it can for you love watching your videos and seeing all the cool stuff you do on of at or not at your track. keep up the hard work Cleetus!🤘🏻🙌🏻
Why don't all you Super Rich Car YouTubers get together, call Mr. Beast as well, and all go ahead and just BUY the land next door? Then build some Real nice homes with 5 car garages, and Rent or Sell them to Car guys and gals, who would Love to have a racetrack nearby! There you go, problem solved.
Cletus. Buy the farm land 👍👍👍👍. Bigger race track / monster truck rally 👍👍👍👍
12 hours of Sebring is still holding its ground with this same issue although drag racing has been shut out twice in my lifetime at the Sebring track
I can only write in, but y'all gotta show up and show out.
I’m all the way up here in Canada. This is very concerning, but I feel like there’s nothing. I can do other than interact with this video and hope the algorithm keeps pushing it. Godspeed Cletus, you’re fighting the good fight.
The only thing I could see working if this goes through is having a section of homes near the track built for car enthusiasts that may want to take advantage of being close to the track.
So is it people moving next to a racetrack then complain about the racetrack noise?
I love your videos I hope the track never dies!
When race tracks close street racing rises through the roof
We can not lose our countries race tracks. This cant be
Should have bought that land when it was a hayfield man.  Better off buying all the homes than fighting the government. They WILL build those houses.
Keep fighting the good fight, dude.  Don't give up on this.  Don't let them push you around.
Well said in that meeting. Similar thing has happened to Pukekohe Raceway, here in Auckland NZ, and it's now closed. A sad event 😔
I hope Thursday went better than I’m expecting 🙄😒  I know it’s late but  Can I do this out of country? Or is it pointless?
I don't know if you will see this, I live in GA. Offer the homesteaders free admission for life. Might could work.
Good luck Cleetus!
This is exactly how our local track died
I wish I could be there to support you in person
If you can pad their pockets with a couple hundred thousand you might be able to keep your track
Of all of the nonsense that seems to be revolving around this idea, what bothers me the most is it is AGRICULTURAL LAND.  Cities need to invest in fixing their own stuff within their borders, clean up bad areas, build more housing(go up not out!) and stop sprawling onto our precious farmland.  I live quite far from you Cleetus, but this same thing is happening in WI, we were "the dairy state" and the family farms got absorbed by big farms and then the big farms sell the land near town for big money and the towns sprawl out. meanwhile, the older parts of town are ignored and turn into ghettos.   Tell these people to spend the development money on the older parts of town and leave the ground for farming.
An option you might consider is approaching the developer to purchase a buffer zone of lots between the track and housing development, and use the property for a rv/camper area for the track. Gun clubs have similar headaches to racetracks and many of them do the campground thing for events and to cut down on the noise.
You bring in money and livelihood to the city yet they shit on you.. fucking shame
I live in Utah and Rocky Mountain raceway is now gone because of these similar things going on let’s save our tracks
Hey buy it and farm on it! Hell, get me the stuff and I’ll try to do it for you. I like race cars and why not use the land to make high octane alcohol fro the drag racers  Heck, I would love to live on a farm, sitting on the back porch with a glass of tea watching the races. I couldn’t imagine a cooler place to raise my 18mo old son.  If I could do the farming all by myself I would but I’m a disabled vet so I’m limited. Hell I just want just one of my dream cars back so I could enjoy driving again myself…. I built a custom mustang Gt and had to sell it when I first got hurt, we bought a corvette when they told us there wasn’t anything stopping us from having kids after 8 years of trying. It was a silver C6 and I loved that car. Even with my spine surgeries and everything that drivers seat was perfect. We had to trade it in on a cheap car we could afford on my vet disability pay… which because the y drug their feet I had to do a voluntary repo. Then when we finally got all the stress sorted and bills paid off I got a used 1st Gen Raptor. That truck was a blast. Sadly, and happily we sold it when we found out we where moving across country again because my wife wanted to be near her mom while she was pregnant(!!!! After 20 yrs of heart ache every passing month, it happened. He was born may of ‘21!!).  Turned out I could have kept the truck after all and been good. Instead we got a crossover that had the most comfortable ride quality and I’m somehow vehicles, because my wife drives it. I have been told, “oh you don’t need it and you can use that money for more important things…… driving is liberating for me. I can keep my wheelchair in no matter what instead of oh you don’t need it in there all the time cause you don’t use the vehicle that much. I can’t go out and fish or find a quiet place to open up the throttle and feel the Gs as you blast off and rip through a sharp corners. I really was hoping that the C8’s where selling for sticker price, because I planned to buy one a free years old secondhand. To me that was the closest to owning a mid engine super car made in the USA. I knew I would never get to ever own or drive a Ferrari this was it for me.
That’s the kind of shit u get when people from shit hole states move to your state.
She's so mad you can tell by the way she looks at you
Racetrack was there first they need to maybe build else where do u got a petition we can all sign
Omg… the lady in the thumbnail looks like she just blew up a Texas speed engine with having insurance on the rig. Salty.
So funny thing, the sound barriers you see alongside highways are just a tax/budget dump. They don't actually work and have been shown to make things worse.   The only make it quieter for the first row of housing, after that they reverberate and make it worse for the rest of the houses.  So if they think a sound wall will help houses being build, they are on crack. But then again, that's the government's forte.
This is happening everywhere so sad the streets are going to be wild if these tracks keep disappearing
It's all about the money they don't care about the racetrack. My opinion if they let the housing project to be built, you should sell the racetrack and move on because the people will be nothing but a problem.
I love the 15,000 emails
RIP the Freedom Factory. Theres nothing more that greedy politicians love more than rich land developers. The people on the council will probably get the choicest lots at early entry pricing. I'm sure they're already eying your lot.
This is so insane
That's not your problem. Grandfathered in and if they want that wall they can pay for it.
I watched the hearing on the manatee YouTube page and it looks as if you have a good group of commissioners.  The  commissioners are really putting the pressure on them to let them know, the racetrack isn’t going anywhere.   Keep up the good work. Make them sweat.
I’ll go on line and help you out brother
I would buy a house their.
Happened near my hometown in Wentzville, Missouri
Give the developer and the planners an option that will make them money rather than just saying they have a bad idea.  Industrial park, warehousing, storage facility, theme park...anything that can put a 1 km buffer from their planned homes to the track.   A caveat on the land title that states the homes will be subject to noise from the track as a condition of ownership and financing. They do this for new developments near airports.
Try to buy the land
Oh it's just like the idiots that move into new homes next to an airport and sign paperwork acknowledging that they know they are moving into a home next to an airport with high decibels of noise around the clock.... And they still want to complain. Or like the many racetracks before in the 90's and prior that would only produce noise on weekends.....people complain....tracks close...and shopping malls were put up causing more traffic and more daily noise. Yea....good job.  Good luck. People are dumb.
Is there any chance of getting zoning for the tracks changed to industrial? My first shop was in an Industrial "island" on the edge of a residential area 3 blocks from the center of the small town I grew up in (western Nebraska),  bordering an apartment complex on one side. The front faced a major road. We could break-in engines and tune unmuffled race cars 24/7. There were a few complaints , but we were within the zoning regs. Of course, we wanted to be considerate and tried not to be noisy past 10pm on weeknights, but Friday- Sunday we worked as needed, especially if a race was coming up( stock cars and drag cars ).
What's the update?? Unfortunately I seen this on Friday😢
US30 Dragstrip died that way, people built homes next to it and complained about the noise, = track shutdown
I hope goes well Cletus McFarland I see a lot guys with new YouTube channels thrive just by being a part of your track experience .
Nearly Zero people in polatics have a spine anymore.  Hopefully there are a few that see reason and side with you.
For them it's all about the Benjamins. The people that you elect are not in it for you, they're in it for their pocket books. They lie to you for votes and then stab you in the back..
That girl looked like a scum bag you can just see her snarling the entire time like good lord Lady
It's all about money man, we've had a bunch of tracks get shut down in bc this last year it's quite unfortunate
Does it do any good to email if I am in Wisconsin?
i can hear the dirt track from my house where i live and its 5 miles away no 25ft fence is stopping that noise
Theyve been doing this to us in quebec, canada for years. You got my support!
its fucking sad how quickly municiple governments fold for a little budget boost. a lot of times they feel like theyre propelling their town into a new era but that era 20 years later always prooves to be a drug filled highschool. very unfortunate.
damned liberals
Unfortunately, 4500 homes are likely going to generate a great deal more tax revenue for the county than a racetrack. As much as I don't want it to go this way, I'd be shocked if you'll be successful in preventing this from happening. It sucks that this happens all over the country.   There's a handful of places where their local history is built around said track, and in those cases it's widely accepted and embraced by the county. Placerville, CA near where I live is a perfect example, as is someplace like Daytona, but places like that are a rarity, sadly.
This fight is not about the track. the development of ag land is going to cause the price of food to go up.
Remember Jax Raceways?  Build houses around, owners complain.  They imposed a 120db sound limit which means we would get 1 run every Friday and kicked off.  Nothing was ever good enough so we just went to Gainsville (or Mexico) instead.  Their end goal is to squeeze you out just like they squeezed Jax Raceways out ain't no question.
Comuniziom in it's finest
I live in quebec canada and we have the exact same problem people are getting stupider and stupider they dont realise that if they get racetrack shutdown theyll get it on the streets i mean choice is yours dummy either noise or a racecar crashing on your lawn or killing your child think about it compromise is not a known word anymore
these people don't understand that once race tracks close street racing gets more and more popular.
I’m a manatee local, been here all 21 years, the track is the reason I stayed outta trouble as a teenager.
I worked for an entity that managed/operated a private firing range. The property behind once upon a time was hundreds of wooded acres. The property sold, and was developed by probably a thousand or more homes. Homeowners were told there was, “an occasional use firing range nearby”. It was a matter of time, complaints became enormous and now the range is all but closed. The exact issue your dealing with.
I didn't know you had a 2nd channel, just supped and will definitely send an email even though im 4 days late!
Look at firebird raceway in Idaho same thing but people love it though out here
Killing attactions. Kill the youth.  Ive seen my home town destroy the care Sean and now kids are flopped out on drugs. Stealing, you name it.  Kids look for things locally to get into.  It takes their father or mother to bring them one time and they could be hooked.  Driving them into wanting a job to buy a car or go kart anything to get into the fast lane.    I've personally seen it go down hill for a town. Ill try to look into this tonight at work and send a email. Coming from indiana. Im trying ti build a wild car to one day travel down with it.
Build a house and work garage on the property they can’t take it from you or shut you down
Schwab and company really want us to have nothing
It’s insane how this can even happen…
I hate subdivision developments
It is sad that it becomes a catch 22. Police go to a racetrack and don't race on public roads. The government shuts down racetrack...
Got a video idea, on a race night take a sound meter and out in that area and record then present that as something.
It just boggles my mind when all we here is everyone is struggling. No jobs etc. yet everywhere you go the developments and shopping plazas just continue to grow and grow.
"i dont know why people come to my track" *laughs in youtube subscribes*
And you know what else it's about it's all about money developers making money the more money you got the more greedy you get
ps  i live in ireland so i cant vote but i hope you win
Can i help from Sweden?
Yea anyone who has lived near a Nascar track would know that walls as well as 100ft stadiums wont do anything for noise nonetheless a 25ft wall. Also there is the zmax drag strip nearby as well and thats WAY louder. You can hear it from 5 plus miles away.
can you set up zoom  so they can see people who can turn up
You need 4500 families who love racing to be your new neighbors. Simple fix.
Why cant the developers pay for the 25ft walls? I wonder who pays for the walls when they put up new neighborhoods next to the highway in NC?
Share share share on all social media platforms!
this is messed up houses next to the freedom factory.
Your not in trouble if all fails you start building houses and make millions
Go there with stats, "52,000 tickets sold" get signed Petitions basically have everyone that enters the track sign it.
oh no
That's the same problem in NE. Go big red. People want food but want a house more.
My nearest drift track (PARC in canby OR) has been forced to be closed by the county for over a year now, for this exact reason. They’ve been open for 50 years and new neighbors started complaining
Why would you show up wearing a baseball cap inside the building, who raised you???
I grew up in Jacksonville Fl where Jax raceway had a drag strip go kart dirt track and oval dirt track for car racing and motocross track. The owners bent over backwards to appease city of Jax and home owners  to no avail. Same thing happened to st Augustine raceway dirt track and GreenCoveSprings drag strip. Good old progress does  away with outlet for people especially teenagers to have an outlet other than loitering as the police call it. Please support them in anyway possible
Good luck Brother 👍 Just like in the Mid- West Hog farm have been there for over a hundred years. City folks move in crying about what their actions.
I don't know if this has been mentioned. But why don't you and the drag strip go in to a partnership with the developer? There is a road track in Michigan that has homes built on site. There golf course with homes and even some airports with homes on them. The developer could build the homes next to the track with access to the tracks ( days determined by you ) and the homes would be market to car people. Florida has a lot of snow birds. These homes would be great winter homes to some car guys up here in the north.
Can we fill it out if we don't live in the area or even the state
only way to save it with development is to mandate loud area notice and liability as part of the development approval. it's going to be loud no matter how high the wall is.
They won't Care ONE BIT!!!!!
Let the bald eagles ring brother!!! Keep swinging Garrett
People pave over old undisturbed land, complete foreigners, and still complain? They aren't trying to move in, they're trying to run the racetrack down for more houses. It's a sick disgusting game that real estate tycoons play.
All over the world race tracks are closing and people bulid houses then complain "i can hear noisy cars close the race track" etc..... 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ common sense isnt common but lets hope they keep it open
This is BS! You were there FIRST!
Perfect just buy all the property on the edge of the subdivision easy
sent emails! From BC Canada!
Too much money involved in housing so I can tell you now that you will not win. The same thing happens at rural airports. Houses get built then they complain about the planes & then the operational times of the runway get changed to keep the new residents happy.
Bro that lady looks mad at the world 😂 This is some shit I will stand up for. The government wants us off of the streets but then take away every option we have to not be on the street, it’s actually braindead. Like we just gonna not be allowed to have anything Motorsports related in this country because some people don’t like it? Wtf, that’s literally unAmerican
America is the only place where people will build a home next to a racetrack and complain about racecars. 🤦‍♂️
Done
why don't you look at it as a business venture? buy the houses that are closest to the track and the ones that are directly next to the track could have mods done to have great views of the track and you can rent them out to race fans. buy a few more and rent them out also.
How much merchandise would you need to sell to buy that lot?
Planting "noise buffers" composed of trees and shrubs can reduce noise by five to ten decibels for every 30m width of woodland, especially sharp tones, and this reduces noise to the human ear by approximately 50%.
bidens america
I loved to live right next to a race track drag strip
that lady has a evil look. She has bad intentions.
4300 homes, your screwed. Hate to be negative but you know how much money is on the table for developer, county, state, etc.
Building houses close to a racetrack then complaining about noise is the most idiotic thing ever lmfao
Thats like homes being built next to existing airports, then complaining about the noise and trying to close the airport down.
You need to show a history of track closed by suburban sprawl. You need to put the fear of god in these commissioners that you will contemplate legal actions against every board member when they approve this and it ends up driving you out of business.
Easy. Invite future residents and builders and their lawyers to a track day and crank that shit up. No 1 would buy a home there. For 1, it's a health risk being that close to some of the alternative fuels some cars run and not mention the flying rubber, additionally, the vibrations from the engines and decibel levels could cause hearing loss over time.
3 homes on 1 acre!? That sounds like hell.
I hope they don’t approve it man good speech
Take it to the track law enforcement says but we can't when there is no tracks don't kill the community over some thought about housing development those homes won't save lives but cleetus's track can and will
This exact same thing happened in Kansas city at KCIR. The track was there for years and brought a lot of racers from the country. They developed housing around it and after a few years, those housing areas complained about the noise and eventually got the track shut down. At the time it was one of the very few tracks in the midwest. You should look it up and see if maybe that situation can help.
Dude, fight this tooth and nail! Utah had Rocky mountain raceway, but had their hand forced to sell/shutdown because of new home development right next to the race track. It was a total bummer. I hate new home developers.
Good luck mate!! Unfortunately what ever you say or do the greed of money is over we’ll mingle especially around motor racing  in every country. All the best anyway 🇦🇺😊😊
Garret, you need to go straight to Ron Desantis. Tell him you need a hand defending freedom!
What about trying to get Desantis to make both the drag strip and the freedom factory historical land marks?
Such bull shit I live 10 mins from it and all they wanna do is build build build it’s bull shit keep the country country !!!!
The urban sprawling new construction is all someone local paying a ton of money to build homes and making money hand over fist at any cost to destroy history.
i hate all of this god damn development going on in the country lately. tearing up gorgeous land for cookie cutter houses that eventually foreclose.
The sad thing is you are talking to progressives and not conservatives, they see more money in home ownership and not a race track!
property taxes pay better
This is the race version of "Yellowstone"
Of course it will pass there is alot of money in it for people and, people getting paid off.
Hate to see this
crazy that anyone would try to build a neighborhood next to a race track and expect no problems what so ever smh
The Yankees are trying to do the same thing in my state they move in get on the board of the county and try to change everything and make the south like where they came from they are trying to shut down our dirt track that’s been there for +80 years and they won’t even let me put up a pole sign up at my business or else I get fined until it’s taken down
They will choose the neighborhood just to collect the taxes.   Racetrack=some taxes Neighborhood=lots of taxes
ya i feel for a bud , unfortunately this comes down to money . whoever has the most or pays more is gonna win this battle . its sad but greed runs the world , always has . 4500 homes being built equals millions in revenue for everyone involved , the building companies the government and the state . im pullin for you
Racetracks are CRITICAL.
saddest part is that his name isnt cleetus mcfarland :(
Sorry to say this but you most likely will be doomed, the commissioners will look at the tax revenue that will be generated by the new homes and the tax revenue that’s generated from the 2 tracks and the decision will be made. I agree with you wholeheartedly with all the comments you made. It amazes me that folks will buy a home in a said area knowing about the track and the potential noise issues and then complain and force the track to close. In my opinion and I hope this doesn’t happen but you most likely in time be forced to close the track.
I’m in central florida and we have two outdoor gun ranges that have been here for 50 years. They have built up all the way to the fence of the ranges and now the neighbors are trying to get the ranges shut down for safety issues. This is insane.
Bit of a stretch but what about a business deal where you purchase the houses closest to the tracks (along the strip/closest to the track) and rent them out to people from out of Florida wanting to use the strip or track for either pre planned events or private track days for however long they want. I know this a big stretch but just an idea.
purchase the land problem salved sell it to race only fans.....boom
Wish I was there to help out!
Follow the $$ dude. $$ talks period. Who's getting paid
This is wrong.  Race tracks and small airports always get the shaft. The same people will be complaining when street racing goes through the roof after they close the drag strip.
Yo, do I have to be from the U. S?
That sucks!!! Unfortunately city planning needs a new tax base to support old infrastructure. As old infrastructure crumbles the amount of money collected isn't enough to repair existing so the only way to keep the ponzi scheme going is to build new pass those costs on to new home buyers and use the collected money in tax revenue to rebuild old infrastructure. I wish you the best of luck.
Let’s sign some petition let’s go
I dont even know whats going on but its seems likea kid that always got what he wanted isnt getting what he wants sorry bro you should buy land and make a track instead
hate to say but with homes being so scarce I have to side with the land developers, 4500 homes is a lot. To be honest you could still race there just not all night long, most tracks have certain days they run and have closed part of the season while if I understand this you want to race like 180 days a year which is crazy. I hope they pass this and that you can adjust your schedule and co-exist or shut down....
It's simple. If they shut down all the race tracks, the racing moves to the street and puts lives in danger. Race Tracks Save Lives!
My town here in Australia closed the local drag track due to noise pollution and noise complaints from the residents of an estate that was built AFTER the drag track
The government doesn’t care about the heritage of your tracks, they care about money. More houses means more construction means more residents paying taxes. Unless you can convince the council that your track is worth more than the houses, you will unfortunately lose.  You’re presentation should have analyzed the financial aspect of the track in n stead of the emotional aspects. It may be a good idea to change your tact and go on the offensive.  Create legal arguments why the houses can’t be built like by looking at environmental aspects and how subdivisions hurt the environment. You need a good lawyer.  I wonder if the developers are paying grease payments to the Counselor.  I wouldn’t doubt it, as there is too much profit in it for them to be able to build houses on that farmland.
I grew up by Road America in WI. That sound every weekend was great. It also brought sooooo many people in every weekend. And they didnt move it out, originally it went through the town of Elkhart Lake WI and then they moved it right next to the city and no one there complains because it keeps the city going.
Why is America so fond of the single family homes? Like, they want to build 3 houses for acre. Why noone ever thinks about the environmental impact? There are even tons of studies that show that sparse residences lead to higher level of depression. This is why Netherlands is one of the happiest and healthiest places in the world. They know how to build cities full of life, people moving around, walking, cycling, instead of spending half their lifetime alone in their car to go shopping to the nearest mall 10 miles away.
And he’s boring Immediately
Sounds just like that Bryan posehn guy I think that’s how u spell it but he sounds just like em
All for freedom factory and everything they do but dude take the hat off. I'm surprised they even let you in there with it on
this summer Monson hill club in monson ma has been around since 1949 and was on the verge of forever closing because people moved in on the same street and complained that it was too loud and went thru a town hall meeting to vote whether or not to shut it down. These people that want to use the land for real estate know exact what they are down and where that track was beforehand.
Whoever has the most money, wins
Bro just buy the acreage next to you, an then they can't do anything about zoning ca7se they don't own it anymore,also I live right next door to a track here in Alaska, an tye 9nly thing that helps the noise abatement is the forest between us and the track
How much is this 2700 acres cant yall come up with the money to buy it
Cleetus the sad part is that the small town this is happening will generate an additional 13 million in taxes every year once these houses are built , money always wins sadly 😢 keep fighting brother
They're gonna win cause they will pay off the politicians
Fuck it buy a lot on the new development and tell them fuck the fence and rent them bitches out on event weeks
Good luck, people are completely oblivious... We literally have noise restriction zones at my airport because dumbasses built houses next to an airport and then complain about the noise..........
Look up the history of Waterford hills Raceway.  A year after it was built in BFE,  a developer built a subdivision right at the tracks property line.  This happened in 1954.  The residents conplained and eanted to shut down the track.  Of course a lawsuit happened, and what came out of it was an operating agreement for days and hours and a maximum decibel limit of 92... The track is still going strong.   I just raced there last year.
Who pays for the fence?
Just have the new homes under a set of covenants that only deaf people can live there.  And check your own zoning, and put in chicken houses for storage, but that can be filled with stinking birds,,, so the developer has to disclose this when they try and sell them.
I've sent my emails off, I'm from Australia and we see the same thing here all the time. We currently don't have a local drag strip because of development around the old raceway (AIR) as a fellow youtuber I hope you gain the traction you need to save FF. BEST OF LUCK !
3 homes per acre holy crap who would want to live so close to the house next door???
lime rock park in lakeville CT has no racing on sundays because of this issue and can not race past 6pm on saturday. Imsa weathertech grand prix had to end early last year because a storm came thru and delayed it till 5:30pm and then called it due to the ordinance. fun fact it's do to a local church way back when that complained about the noise on sunday
Try to find someone at the freedom factory without a smile.. You won't, Everyone send those emails!
Tell them there is people from Australia that will opose on zoom as we know your right!. I'll email them! Aust loves ya bloke!
This happened to our nearby racetrack. It was already there then they built  housing very close to it and the people started complaining. Then they shut the racetrack down, so sad.
It's a similar situation with Naval Air Station where I live. It's a real estate law that home buyers sign a noise zone awareness document that states, the home owners have been advised of the noise zone they are moving into. Some have still tried to complain and get one of the airfields shut down because they want to develop the land and make money from it.  A judge shut them down because the Navy has been there since the 1930's and they signed the document and knew they were moving near an active airfield used to train navy pilots.  I really hope you are successful and they don't change the zoning.
Buy some land that intersects the property and stop the madness .
No business should be able to come in a muscle out an existing business especially with an upstanding record!
Sent from Dubai
your track has ben in that area for 50 years ! thats not your problem !! this bull crap developers get what they want cause they have money is not right!!
I really hate to say this. But the powers that be do not care about the race track. I would bet they actually want it gone. 4500 houses in property tax alone is more than what the track does for the community. You need to partner up will Matt at demo ranch and build a track out there. You would be centrally located so you could get east coast and west coast traffic.
We lost the racetrack in Myrtle beach because the Karens could hear the cars there also.
You're right on the money when it comes to how racetracks die. I live fairly close to an airport. Don't hear many planes but that's beside the point. There are a number of people buying house in the town a few km's from the airport and after that start complaining about it being noisy. Or people that move close to an amusement park and stop the park from expanding because of it ruining their living enjoyment.
4500 homes ?  AYSM ?  who was there first ?  as a zoning official , I'm on board with you .
Wish I could help but I live in saskatchewan/  Canada
Same thing at Mohave Valley Raceway. All the homeowners that moved next to a race track, complain religiously about the race track.
Slide the board some $$$
See if you can buy some of the land adjacent to make a buffer.
Get em Cleet, done ever give up. Freedom Factory will live on.
You can't stop progress. Money will run you over every time. You can't win when money is being passed around if you know what I mean.
It's all about compromise. Look at Assen circuit or Zandvoort in the Netherlands.
Done ✔️ emailed
I wish you the best in fighting the good fight.
That lady sitting behind him is definitely a Karen😂
Support comment!
Email sent from michigan. Best of luck to you cleetus.
This needs to be on the main channel sir !!!!
My Boy needs Beth Dutton.
Could you offer to purchase the land yourself?
Glad to see you fighting it but   the Mid-Atlantic states they will just legislate us using our tax payer funded lawyers and close us I hope the results in Florida are different Good Luck. I used to go the Beltsville Speedway in Maryland the first race track in the country to require mufflers and a sound abatement wall at least 25 foot tall. It was build next to a highway and nobody lived there 10 years after opening complaints caused all the changes ten years after government closed it using the courts to wear them out. Fight hard and don’t give in because they will never stop.
The first thing that should be built is the sound retention wall if the sound level can't be maintained. Let's say below a noise canceling level of a running box fan. Worst case scenario the houses put extremely close to the track are required to have Acoustiblok sound proofing installed to greatly reduce the noise. It can be done if you have the right people in place doing a professional install. Those home owners would need to be made aware of the situation. I can answer questions being a professional sound proofer if anyone is curious.
Man sorry I'm a day late on watching this.  But I'm emailing all of them. Going to your track is on my bucket list. Good luck hope all goes well 🙏 👍
What’s your plan B & C? I hope you guys are also trying to negotiate a deal with the developers for racetrack relocation, it doesn’t need to be exercised but you need to reserve some options.
Yeah I mean I live like 7 miles from dragway 42 and I can hear them every weekend when there running lol no wall will stop the sound!
RIP Freedom factory. Every single motocross track that i grew up on in Southern CA had the same thing happen. Development good with racetrack, development over and less then two years track is gone.
Dude, your voice is falling on deaf ears at the county. All the commissioners, and county administration are bought and paid for by local developers. They don't care about your track. They care about taxes and kickbacks. You gotta fight dirty. Hire an investigator to look into their finances. Contact project veritas. Hell, call the department of Justice.  Anyone that is interested in their malfeasance can see it on the Bradenton times.
Done
email sent cleet.
man f*** those people, if they move in next to a track they gotta suck it up, track was there first, first come first serve
Email sent from up here in Ohio. I believe in you boys and this track
I have another idea create a petition
They did this all over the UK. People buying up new homes next to a race track that's been there for decades and then start complaining about the noise.  Property developers only care about money.
Not only has this happened to racetracks, but airports as well. The developers buy the land cheap, put in a huge development and within 5 years, the track or airport is forced to close. City Councils and County Commissioners are all pro development. It is sickening!
I will do what ever I have to to help and support. We can't let Motorsports die
Buy the land get a group of people together and buy it from the douche bags wanting to build houses I moved to the country to get away from people I can't stand stupid people and the family that owns the woods around had to deaths and sold the damn land to mossy oak and they sold some to a developer and some to solar farm bullshit in Southern Ohio we don't get a lot of sun what a waste
This happened in My City Rockford, IL back in the 50s we had outdoor shooting ranges out by the river, The development companies started building houses near the shooting ranges. Then the neighbors would complain about the Gunfire, and that they feared for their lives, we no longer have an outdoor rifle range anymore.
Good luck Mate ... Ya dealing with the shortsighted & selfish  ...
People vote "pro business" and they don't understand the consequences, there is no reason at all homes should be built there.
Look up acoustiblok sound proofing products,  they are located in Florida, and its an amazing product
It's not just the houses. It's the water and sewer and all the infrastructure that has to be built.  They'll eventually need to run pipes under the track or power lines etc..  They are trying to ruin my neighborhood by running new sewer down the road.  I have a well and septic and don't need that.
hopefully something can be done but all the county cares about is all the tax revenue they're gonna get from those homes and developments... I really hope a miracle happens and it gets blocked though..
IF I COULD FLY DOWN, I WOULD, JUST TO STAND WITH YOU BROTHER
This a whole different kind of, SEND IT. Send those e-mail everyone!
Government: STOP STREET RACING!!! also the Government: We wanna demolish the racetracks to build houses.
This same thing happened in Michigan with Farmers. New developments were made, new home owners complained and wanted farms shutdown because of odor and noise, most had been there over 100 years. They are slowly driving the farmers out. Good luck. We have some housing around Milan Dragway and there was enormous local support to bring back the Dragway after the previous owner ran out of money and new investors were brought in.  I hope everything works out for you and the tracks. Can a Michigan resident email the boards???
TYRANTS !!!!!
Stop the building....people need to fuck off, they want our Freedom to die, this is insane, we.must fight   This makes me furious!!!! Don't Tread on me Lock n Load Fight the Tyranny!!!
Why do ppl always gotta do shit like this takes 3 seconds of a google search to know the ppl behind this track won’t let this happen dumb rich ppl
You did a great job speaking, I don't understand how they would allow this from happening! No one cares about anything but money any more. A 25' fence wouldn't stop the noise that close. I'd love to be there but I'm in NY sorry bud, hope u win!
Email sent from California
It doesn't matter how many people show up. Those politicians have been bought and paid for by the builder!
Love you cleetus, hope it works out. I have seen how these meetings go, they really dont give AF, or listen to anything reasonable you or anyone have to say. Its the upside down world me live in. hopefully this time it works out and in your favor.
It is SIMPLE...  If engines revving bothers you....  MOVE someplace else..   When you move to a new location, DO NOT think you get to option to change your new home to your old one.   This disgusts me...  We are talking CHOICES...  You simply should gdo someplace else, rather than screw up the land you landed on..
You're screwed. Big money always wins. And you don't have money like these people do.
I just sent my email! Wish I caught this yesterday
Freakin' Bureaucrats....Eventually they ruin everything....
Maybe some fans will buy the homes ❤🎉
Throw up 53' ft cargo containers going along the property..? Cheaper than a wall or fence? Keep on fighting. Don't ever give up!
do we have to be from florida to do the email thing?
wow bro that was impressive really i feel smarter for watching this !  you sir are a bad mf
Get a Hold of the institution for justice, my sons, one of the lawyers,Robert Belden he might be able to give you some advice, or even possibly help .
Race track was already established. If they want a wall they need to pay for it and build it on there property. But they should be denied to develop.
That's why our dragstrip in Osceola indiana closed
Just sell it to county
My heart is with you but you will not win. Sell it and build something else with a lot of land around it
Lets get Elon to buy the property so they cant build houses
Oh shit there trying to Marvin heemyer him The irony here is Karen’s will move next to a race track then will be suprised by race car noises forcing you to shut down   I won’t let it stand
Your problem is: You aren't attacking this issue from one VERY IMPORTANT direction. A 4 year old child just died here in DesMoines Iowa because some idiot decided to drag race on the street this week. You need parents that have lots kids and family members contact this board so they can understand they either support the track as a safe place to race or sign their name to kill some other 4 year old. I host a drag race every year in Iowa "348-409 Family reunion" and our 348-409 powered Chevy's run down the track instead of some street open to the public. The vast majority of us drive our cars on the street but we only race on a track because we have access to a track to do so safely. There are entire associations for supporting tracks, groups of families that support the end to street racing..... This is a long term public safety issue. They have tax dollars in their eyes and could care less about racing. It will happen if there is a track or not. Its up to them to determine the long term safety of the public at large but they will not get the tax dollars they need if they do it. Good luck!
As someone who’s worked in Florida  land developement their whole lives this is the bitter sweet heart break I feared,my job allows me to travel the state and the day I got the bids for those developements I was stoked knowing I’d be near the track and might get a chance to visit.
I agree you should push for Realtors in the area HAVE TO, disclose to potential homebuyers the presence of the track. To prove your point you should go into the area and do a decibel measurements test while a race is going on. Disclose it to the potential homeowners and have them sign a waiver saying they're ok with those decibel levels 🤷
I was just there today, giving a man a estimate for land clearing and site development,I literally just got back to Ocala but I told the gentleman I spoke with that developing that land for homes next to the freedom factory land is insane,I race super late models I know how loud 1000 plus HP is I would not want to live next to it, But I told the man I wanted no part of that I can see a huge legal fight coming and sadly in the end the loss of the freedom factory it's shame but il sign whatever petition you need, atleast we can try
Save the track!!!!!!!
I live exactly 3 miles from the Utah Motorsports Campus and I can easily hear the cars racing on Saturdays. I love it honestly because I love hearing V12's and V8's any day of the week. But again I'm 3 miles away and I can hear it. No wall or barrier is going to dampen that sound.
I live 2 miles from an oval track and can hear the cars from my back yard. What they're doing is trying to shut down the race track in a round about way.
I'm sick of these dumb@$$ developers building houses next to a race track. I'm also sick I'd people crying about noise when they bought a house next to a race track.
if they complain about the noise and you cant race anymore, turn it into a hog farm.  They will quickly change their tune.
I’m so sick of people moving here and destroying are state
I’ve spent my life in paving grading an land development. I hate to say this , I hope you have more money then the people who want to develop that land. Also a life long Motorsports fan , I’ve been seeing the sport stifled at every possible point.  I’m praying for you brother
Never give up PLZ
As enthusiasts we need to catch on to what’s happening and get ACTIVE about making our voices heard otherwise there won’t be much of a car enthusiast community left in another 15-20 years that’s not heavily stifled by government.
You should have pointed out people can have fun at your track is not what you want drivers to do on public road. So if the track gets closed people will just play around on public roads
Move in next to the racetrack
Let whistlin Diesel buy it built houses and destroy it
Unfortunately you will lose. This happened on Kansas City. The track had to shut down.
Unfortunately see this just now (12/16/22) as well as I‘m living in Germany. Good luck bud!
Another example of money talks over anything else. Politicians are lining their pockets worldwide. Evil
Urban sprawl was responsible for shutting down my local Rod & Gun Club. Zoning laws don't mean anything when people smell money.  Good luck, Brother.
Me personally i'd love to have a house next to a race track. Hell no more towing the car or bike to the track for test and tune. Shit just drive it there
I’m guessing you can only send the emails if you live in the states, I’m in the UK I’m not sure I can help unfortunately.
ask KK to PPV the new inclines 🤣😂
People just learn the sounds of American Eagles screaming when the new houses move in. They been doing that around my house taking all woods and putting up quick houses 100s of them at a time.
Email sent. I'm from Kansas City, MO and this is exactly what happened to the old drag strip in Raytown, MO. Homeowners complained and closed the track down after Hallmark sold the land for development.
This is the example of it was here before now it can't be here now. Like moving into a house by the airport then complain about the planes
buy the 2700 acres problem fixed
Im gonna say young people need to stand up and out and protect your rights to have fun with freedom to enjoy your cars and trucks stand up be smart and bold
You need the support of the governor brother. If building houses generates revenue then so does the race track. If you haven’t yet,  try to schedule a meeting with the governor for some face time. Not gonna be easy might need a friend in the local press to help. But I support you till the end I’ll even write a letter for you guys.
No man there's a crazy housing shortage they need to build more of these houses but they need to come with the caveat that it's by a fucking race track it's going to be loud you can't complain about that
These librals never let us have fun
His real name is not Cleetus?  I have been deceived!!
Start looking for new property or buy the open property yourself
If you want justice go to a whore house,  if you want to get fkd go to a court house. There is no justice in our justice system.
Maybe ask for it to be reassigned to business zone??
They move homes in, drag strips dies. People take back to the streets. And we all know how thats going to turn out. And the kids that are brought up with the "Street Outlaw" mentally. And the real street racing isn't like at all. No safety or emergency personnel on standby. And list goes on. This is not just the death of a booming source of income for the county and state but also could possibly be the death of lives for inexperienced lives. This all the way around is absolutely a terrible idea.
I live in OH otherwise I'd show up. I sent an email, best of luck Cleetus!
Emailed!
Saw this same exact thing in the 80's. The track and drag stipe in Fremont, CA ( now a freakin shopping center and car mall ) was awesome to go to. Fremont built homes so fast that people complained of the noise. The track died. Still miss watching the midget races, dirt bikes and Drags. Good Luck Cleetus.
Wasn't that land owned by THE 1ST NATIONS (INDIANS)...DON'T THEY GET A SAY? COULD BE SACRED BURIAL GROUNDS????
Our local Saturday night track is located on Race Track Road. They continue to build homes around it, and every year we get closer to shutting down! People don’t buy homes near a race track if you don’t like race tracks! We will abide by a curfew, and take care of the land we use! Go gettem Cleet
You need to get this on the news. Let it be known the county and state governments are allowing the developer to build and sell homes next to the track. Not a big deal at face value but the developer should certainly have to disclose this info and you know as well as I do they ain’t planning on that!
Buy all of the lots!
I emailed them. I don't support development, instead it should be wild life protected land.
Honestly I didn’t think your argument was really all that compelling you need to be expressing revenue in crowd sizes in comparison to other race tracks and applicable benefits of having the race track long-term in that county. If you can’t prevent the count from using it for development. Then you will have to buy some of the land.
We had the same problem here it Az with a local track that had been out by itself for decades. Then people started moving in and complaining. Eventually a historical track got shot down and more people started using the streets.
My home track of Southside Speedway (one of the tracks Denny Hamlin grew up racing on) closed for the same reason, multiple housing and apartment complexes were built around it and the complaints started flowing in, those complaints killed the track and now it just rotting away
It’s complete bull you were there before them,They are requesting a rezoning in order to do that they should have to put up with the business is that where they are legally before the rezoning.
It's a story as old as time. Racetrack is built far away from the population. Urban sprawl spreads to race track. Land is very expensive aside from the land surrounding a loud race track. Unscrupulous developers purchase land and develop into suburbs. Unscrupulous real estate agents show homes when the racetrack is not functioning. Hundreds of middle class homeowners disgruntled to find their lovely home is next to a loud race track band together. Unfortunate Auto enthusiasts and racetrack are pushed out by the crybabies that bought without researching thier surroundings.
I don't understand why non car people who like quietness & move really close to race tracks then have the nerve complain about everything to do with a race track, if anything the developers should advertise the buyers its close to loud noises
Done. Hope everyone's voice is heard.
I hate this I hate that big companies can just take people out like this imagine to all the little people that this happens to not even race involved incidents but just anything. This is the kind of stuff that happens to me all the time and the first thing that comes to my mind is this is God's land first off nobody owns anything on this planet.... It just makes me so mad when humans think that they own a piece of this planet when in fact they don't it's for everybody.... And the fact that they want to build that many homes just come on bro you know what they want they want money that's all they care about they don't care about building homes they care about the money that comes from those homes. The homes that they're building are big ass suburbs probably a million plus dollars.... That ain't helping anybody those people are rich they can live anywhere that they want.... I work 65 hours a week and my wife works 40 hours a week we barely have $100 in our bank account from all the inflation and b******* that humans have created I'm just so sick of this world it needs a reboot
I feel like this is what happened to Englishtown drag strip (I could be wrong I've done 0 research) if I lived in Florida I 'd be there
Bro, your personal problems are none of my or the general public's concern. If they shut you down, it's only for the greater good, i.e. people having affordable housing.  The popularity of your track, like water, will flow elsewhere.
What would John Dutton do?
As someone whose local tracks, that were there for over 50 years (Rocky Mountain Raceways) got shut down because people moved in, I feel for you and I'll be Emailing your officials.
Can we do this from the uk the emailing?
They obviously want citizens to start street racing more often 🙄..... I mean, where else will we do it if you keep closing the racetracks??? Hell, it may be a way to accumulate more revenue to the local police. Close the track ticket and arrest them when they have nowhere else to do it.
Why don’t you buy a part of the land make apartments and hotels for the people that come see the race track
This is exactly what happened to the racetrack in Warsaw, Indiana. People moved in next  to the racetrack and then complained about the noise. The racetrack got shut down and hasn't been back. I think that was 20 or 30 years ago
You could have a second job as a county planning officer! Well said!
Lmao it never fails. My local drag strip is under pressure too bc the neighbors bitch about the noise . Like why move next to a track and complain? Smh
I would love to live next to a race track....
People can go live somewhere els.
Overreaching urban sprawl is exactly what’s threatening the historic Fairgrounds Speedway here in Nashville. The track was built on the fairgrounds, away from downtown, and over time housing developments made their way out there. The track is essentially in the middle of a neighborhood now (along with a brand new MLS stadium) and new residents are fighting tooth and nail for noise ordinances and ultimately want the track gone. Historic short tracks all over the country are vanishing at an alarming rate and I’m glad there’s people like Cletus and Dale Jr. fighting to preserve racing history.
Good speach all my brain knows is haul ass i wouldent be able to think that much to convince them id probably tell them to fuck off 🤣
They shouldn't be able to build new structures and force out a decades old business. Build your shit somewhere else.
If it is developed - consider offering the residents of that development a permit to enter the facility - get them on board. This has happened to racetracks and music festival sites. Having some buy in by th residents may be an option if its greenlit throughout the process
Being from Daytona, I have always been amazed when people move to town, then complain about the noise and traffic from the track and motorcycles during Bike Week.
This is one hell of an uphill battle. The money always wins, that's the sad reality.
my grandparents live 20 miles away from Houston Raceway. Whenever the top fuel dragsters would be in town you could still hear them. Again, 20 miles away.
The problem is...the city council sees all the tax revenue that the housing will generate, it's very unfortunate how the country has become such a revenue-tax hungry/driven entity it really is!!  Not looking good for freedom factory
Bonne chance mon pote
Same thing happened with my old home track Redwood acres in Humboldt county California 😢
This is how Westborough Mass lost their race track
Okay we got the racism. let the guy enjoy his life get some race tracks and have some damn 😊 fun I'm with you enjoy your shows West Palm Beach Florida
Good luck and congratulations to you and your wife on the little one
Just sent the email, Godspeed Cleet and hope it all works out
The tax revenue that they will generate from the sale of these residence will kill your chance to keep the track
Sent an email out, hope these land.
Same problem across the country , they planning commission is getting kick backs ,and don’t care about private ownership
The bad part is no more Agricultual land to grow what they are growing
That lady behind you looked like a bxtch, kcir died this way
So how did it end up going ?
Make sure the developers pay for the fence, not you.
I live in Arizona there is a big Airforce base people starting building homes next to the runway than complaining about the noise. My opinion these people are the dumbest people on earth. If you don't like the noise don't move there
ah yes lets build homes right next to a race track, they did the same shit with laguna seca makes no sense, the track was there first
I am planning on spending lots of money there sometime.  Hope this works out for u.
All the best with your fight against the application from Melbourne, Australia.
Sorry, I bet they will shut you down
We’ll back you bud let us know what you need
I don’t think I can send in my support as I am in Australia but I can understand the frustration there is a shooting range that has been in the local area for nearly 100 years but a bunch of rich people moved locally and started complaining
We live 20 minutes from the old Atlanta Dragway. Yup government involvement and taxes kill this stuff for housing etc. More taxes more county revenue. There is even an old remote control track that was called SugarBowl Raceway that closed to housing that was built a fence away. New development did not want the noise. The rc track was walking distance from our current house. SAD SAD and shame on local politics and revenue. If Road Atlanta goes away shame on that local county politics as well!
Industrial use?  Maybe.  Residential?  Absolutely stupid.  C'mon Manatee Co.!
plant a fuck tonne of trees to block noise!
Race track was there first.
If they do go through with this why not have a home agreement with the future homeowners about living in this area within the proximity of the track so no noise complaints or calling law enforcement or lawyers since the track has long history and culture it’s no different for people that live around airports and other nosier facilities it just does come down to knowing your location and surroundings
The homes will come, and the complaints will flood in; the track will eventually be forced to close.
This is bullshit
When will these morons ever learn? When the next hurricane, or even big storm hits, all that water is going to have to go somewhere.
The city council or planning departs don't  care. Wife's dad owned Riverside, same thing happened.
You should team up with the developer and create a race inspired neighborhood.
Those people already have the board in their pocket 😂😂 zero chance those houses don’t go up.
If they are having hearings about it, consider it already approved. That's the way government works now.
Crazy
From my experience once it gets to the state its a done deal. Regardless of what people say there are side deals involved and money exchange hands to get things like this passed.
Look into West Fargo north Dakota.   Same thing happened there.  The track was out of town, till it wasn't.   And people complained about noise knowing damn well their house was next to a race track!! But they built and bought anyway and then tried to shut it down.  Also Glyindon MN. Same there as well.  The track was out of town but people developed next to the track and then once again, complaining about noise.  Sadly, the city will build and then say your a problem.   Just watch.
I'd have brought up the fact that not having an outlet for car enthusiasts to enjoy their vehicles legal means street racing will skyrocket.
Unfortunately money talks and the people who make the laws just get gifted by the people who want to develop the land. Its sick.  The only successful time its been stopped was by Bo and Luke
As someone who knows this industry you need to line and grease pockets. If you can’t do that the developers do and will. But again racing and the people around it are generally trash.
Too many Yankees moving here and ruining Florida.  Go back up north!
The government: Keep it off the streets. Take it to the track. Also the government: We approved this housing development, and now we have a bunch of people angry on this race track being too loud, so we're shutting you down. The government a few short years later: where did all these street racers come from??
Sell your subscribers one square foot , we can all chip in a just but the development
here for this brother not watching another place that makes bonds like no other get torn down
Check out Mission Raceway it has new highrise development starting next property.
Ive never been to one of his events, but after palm beach raceway closed, and see how they’re doing this too you, I definitely need to come up and support!  I hate how all these raceways are going away n then we car enthusiasts have no were to go, whether it be a newcomer or experienced driver. We are dying out because of development or being bought out, can we please start saving the few tracks we have left. Or else my future children will never be able to enjoy the things i have and those things should still be offered to everyone
Great lakes dragaway in union Grove is the best drag strip, sorry.  It's also the oldest.
How'd it go?
Sent my email from Arizona... Best of luck!
We lost an old race track in Kansas City from people and their noise complaints, you know, the people who know it’s there, move in and then want tracks closed up.
Hate to say it but that was county’s plan the whole time. They want to drive you out over time. Keep up the fight.
More money more problems. Btw race tracks and the people around them are generally lame.
You’re absolutely right I live 10 min from lacuna seca and the exact same thing is happening racing is done there bc neighboring homes complain that the race car noise echo threw the canyon’s and is “disturbing” now the racing is very limited  laguna seca is one of the most known racetrack due to the famous corkscrew,hopefully everything goes in you’re favor bud
Make an offer on the land like a boss
I live a few minutes away from daytona speedway, there are no homes around it, only shops and industrial businesses within a mile or two of the track.
I mean, if you don't think you're going to succeed, then you should instead try to get the neighborhood to be developed specifically with car culture in mind. You know, larger garages and maybe wider roads (for curb parking). Then they could potentially charge a premium for the home, while inherently warning others.
The trains came and built towns along the way. The towns grew. People built houses next to the train tracks, then complained about the trains.  Racers wanted to race safely. They built race tracks far away from people. The racers made money and created jobs.  People moved in, then complained about the racers.  The trains and the racers were there FIRST!
Riverside raceway was closed down for this exact reason.
We have a wealthy person in our area who would like to build an apartment complex for college students. The area proposed is not zoned for this project. Despite basically every resident in the area, placing signs in their yards against this project, the town board approved it.  Sad to say, but money talks.  The elected board members could care less about the citizens concerns.
Portland has a race track and drag strip. The residents of the neighborhood to the south of the racing facility have put limitations on the tracks and now control hours of operation of the facilities. You need to look at PIR (Portland International Raceway). This drag strip was started to keep Portland’s youth off of the streets of Portland and race on a sanctioned racetrack. This was established in the 50’s.
Happened to a drag strip around the corner from my house. After they shut the drag strip down after building houses literally right across the road, the county just so happened to have a spike in street racing arrests. Definitely not related..
freeeeeedommm brother!
My local track illiana motor speedway was built in 1947 on a closed airport so the location was always known to be loud. in the 90s the farmland next to it was turned into homes. from that point on the town got constant complaints, they built a wall, put mufflers on the race cars, made sure they didnt run late... and in 2016 the track closed BECAUSE of this EXACT issue. emails sent from Indiana.
Coming from Palm Beach County to now living in the SW of Florida I was really glad to have Bradenton track a hour or so away . Street racing in palm beach county I'm sure its been going up and so have the fatalities , it might help getting some data numbers since PBIR closed and use that as strong point to keep the tracks open .
They know exactly what they're doing.  It sucks that your business is going to be under attack because morons are building houses next to it and are going to make it your problem...
i hate to say this but if they want to put 4500 homes next to you, they are going to, they have so much money they will start putting into city officials pockets, it's how they always do it, they dont care if the track bring people, thats all tomorrow these type of rich people only see how much money they can make right now, and 4500 homes is hundreds of million of dollars , tens of hundreds of millions,  nobody can fight that, thats why all these tracks keep dying,  the people voice counts for nothing, only money counts, and who has half a billion dollars to fight them with? ..of course you still gotta fight though, may be totally useless but so it doing nothing so , lets do it!, i aint used my e-mail in probably 7 years , but i'm firing it up right now boys!
Hate to say it you will never win
I can only imagine how many gopher turtles are on that land they plan on building houses!
Also emails sent
Clearly these developers knew of your race track, and fully planed on building it full taking their money and moving on to the next location knowing that the new residence would do exactly as you mentioned (complain until it closes). They did all of this with no regard to your investment or future lose of revenue. You were there 1st they need to move on. Good luck Bud
Get the land turned into a refuge to preserve wildlife
They could partner up with you and build a somewhat hotel but like a house but built to come see the racing event, and build some restaurants and other stuff to bring the community together, then obviously on the other side of the land they can build those houses, but I would say they’re not gonna do that without looking into an idea with a heart of change, but idk maybe they will, plus if they do, they will probably make some real good money, if they partner up with you guys
buy the land...expand the track
Slap a bunch of big name race companies and buy the land...make a huge offer and then have a board of directors and turn it into a race utopia to preserve racing....sounds good but takes a lot of work but it's an idea
Why don’t you just buy the land?
Fuck the freedom factory. Racing is bad loud and annoying and very dangerous. Etc.close it down all the racing should end period. Too many people dieing racing drifting etc. Boohoo👎we want homes n schools.
Email addresses shared to bodybuilding groups hopefully some of my boys will add 10k emails
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooloooooooo
Get other county home owners against it, we stopped a Wal-Mart where I live, was pretty easy. Yard signs everywhere.
Grow some ethanal
Buy the land
Sent! Hopefully we can keep Bradentons racing scene alive. We cannot allow them to put housing anywhere near these tracks.
Call in all the car YouTubers
I thought they didn't like walls 🤔  didn't they say walls are racist.
We don't need more fucking cookie cutter houses. The housing market is falling and the demand isn't there anyways. This is the dumbest thing ever...
What you need is a Saul Goodman.
So much for "Freedom" factory uh.
If you buy a house next to an already fully functional race track can you really complain about noise?
Give them what they really want.....   march down to the city planner or county planner and grease the shit out of his palm,  give him 10 grand and he'll call that shit off.
Just sell the race track, you are not going to win… the developers are billion dollar companies, they have legal ways to have you shut down period, EPA is one simple easy way…. Just sell the land and rebuild some place us… hire me to sell your racetrack… Georgia would be a wonderful place to build a new state of the art racetrack, the local government would help you build the racetrack.
Just go out there with some snails and get the environmental impact study people out there to 'discover rare invertebrate habitat' ....   rare invertebrate habitat stops em every time.
Can someone add a link to the video? I missed the live feed. 😢 I tried the website and they don’t have it uploaded…please tell me it went well. 😭😭😭
I'd make it to where anybody buying a house in that land needs to sign a waiver saying that they understand there's a track next door and that they're not going to make complaints that would otherwise hinder the business of the track
I'm sorry but the county revenue from 4500 homes I greater than the race track brings to the county I hope you win cleetus
5:15 You have to buy that property! No houses!!!  Getting new homeowners to sign a document saying they know it's a racetrack won't work... They do this same thing around dairies and then complain about the smell... You can't fix stupid!
Sent it, Cleet.
Coming and growing up from racing I've heard so many stories about tracks and drag strips closing because of housing development going next to it or near it and to see a track that someone put so much time in effort into it just to have it shut down because of noise complaints is just sad. The part of N.C. I'm from their is so much developments going up it's crazy and last i saw their was some going up near Charlotte Motor Speedway. Really hope it turns out in your favor and it does get shut down
Tax dollars come 1st, go ahead and sell the race track land to the developers… your race track don’t bring in a lot of tax dollars..😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
If I came to you commissioners today to ask you to rezone my land to build two massive, loud racetracks right next to 4,500 homes that stood there for 50 years, would you approve it? If the answer to that is ‘no,’ then this is not a compatible use of the land," Mitchelle said. "Don't let my racetrack die.". Such a strong argument but still the proposal moved forward
Sorry to hear this - you're very unlikely to win this, the power and influence of these companies is phenomenal - all they see is houses built of your land! :(
Damn. Just now seeing this (Friday afternoon). So, sending an email wouldn't do much good now. Would like to say, I support y'all fully. And any other track local or national. I'm a huge racing fan, circle track, drag racing, road racing. Cars, trucks, lawn mowers, don't matter to me. I've got a kart that will run 140 in 900 feet, which just happens to be the straightaway length at Langley Speedway in Hampton, Virginia where the kart used to run. Doing things like this and (potentially) forcing a track to close is not fair to the folks that were in place first, no matter how you spin it. Leave the tracks alone. Y'all take care.
You should use chat gpt to professionally write what you wanna say especially when it comes to speaking in legal terms
Damn man hope it goes your way. If not try to buy all the lots up against the track property, or get race fans or car owners to move in there
If its approved the developers should also be forced to buy out the racetrack.
Naw we good, yellow belly race track is better, no complain from anybody yeeee and race what ever you want lmfao good luck though
It's sad but it's who has the most money will win this. Politicians don't care about feelings
If you buy a house next to any race tracks then you void you're ability to complain.
Its gonna happen there talking money. Come on. Good luck
Down with the "FREEDOM" factory...gotta go.
This is what happened to the drag strip in my local area. 5mins down the road. People built houses next to it, then complained about the noise. People are pathetic.
Buy the land
You can sell the track for 5x your investment. You win either way!
Some advice.. #1 dress to impress . #2. Always have a begining impressive speech with 2 or 3 major points does not have to long just powerful and to the point. #3 have strong supporting documents for your point of view or objective.. exp show how it benefits surrounding business and how it generates tax revenue. .. he did okay but nothing that could not be easily forgotten by the people in power..
So many people love Auto-sports and there are not enough places to enjoy it or get into it. Little by little the big man with money that wants to make more money pushes everybody else out. I strongly feel that when you don't have tracks like these it pushes people to the streets to have fun which I feel they do on purpose because it brings in more money when they get busted and cars get impounded. I strongly feel it's all about the money/greed
This beyond just race tracks, there doing this with guns, special shops and family owned farms passed down from generations of hard work only to have the city be greed and selfish and self conceited to people of the city mean while us in the rurals get pushed back to unlivable lands, there taking our freedoms slowly like homemade unlicensed alcohol, tobacco and firearms (ATF existence is against the constitution already so is the company that restrict car rules
Hell, if possible, I would just buy that land next to the race track 😂
If this were property of Some politician, they wouldnt have done anything...
I think the housing contractor needs to be the one to put up all the fences in the barriers and not Cletus! Let them pay for what they want!
They won't care because your race track don't make them money so they won't care 💯 I prey yall win bro
Seems like those developers would make a better investment by putting in a hotel and services to accommodate for all the people that come to your track it's too bad you couldn't sit down with these people and maybe work out a deal and then you put a 25 ft wall on the back side of that between the existing houses that are further away already
I am a Lakewood Ranch resident and have emailed them. Despite currently being overseas, I think its important to look out for the community you're a part of. Good look brother. Raise hell praise Dale.
That Kate girls facial expressions are fucking scary.
Also no amount of "fan" support is changing the fact that the building of these home will bring way more revenue to the county over the drag strip or your freedom factory it's a money game and this is reality
yeah good luck with that. They will do whatever they want.
Track in Fort Wayne, IN needs saving
My home town drag strip closed after 60+ years. And geuss what now theres a street racing problem. In all surrounding towns.
3 homes per acre. That is so sad.  And I'd imagine these houses won't exactly be cheap either.  Emails sent.
Well, if it does get approved the saving grace is the market is going to shit.
Best advice to give, sell what you have get as much money as you can go buy another piece of property with enough acreage to cover you in the future. Think of it as a freedom factory 2. Cuz I'm telling you it's over Jonny.
Side note my Dad has that exact Earnhardt wooden picture.
I used to live a mile from a Nascar track. You could hear the race from inside the house. It wasn't annoying for me, but it was a noise concern. Now I live about 400 yards away from a rodeo grounds that just added a gun range a couple of years ago. That is loud and annoying. Waking up to gunfire is not cool. A wall will not suffice. The residences there will either push out the race track or become low-income housing, which is horrible for the whole community. They bought cheap land. There's a reason it was cheap. Don't let them ruin your community. Good luck!
You sir, are fighting a GIANT uphill battle. I wish you the best of luck.
Crazy I first heard about this on tik tok
Yellowstone Em
This should have been on the main channel
Make the race track a national landmark, a monument and tourist attraction.
The face that woman was making behind you
It happened in Jacksonville FL!!!
The track was there first. The housing builder decided to build there that's his fault. Anyone who buys a house next to it knew it was there and they would hear the noise.  Also if the developer wants a fence he should build it himself on his own land and add the cost into his development.
That’s the only reason they are trying to push you out. MORE HOMES. And they will fight tooth and nail to push you out.
All they see if future tax payer dollars that will be filling the pockets of bureaucrats
This is the kind of crap that's happening all over Florida because of all of the idiots from northern states running from bad decisions they made
The unhappy girl over your shoulder is got RBF bad!
Same kind of thing killed Raceway Park here in NJ. A bunch of homes got built around it, a bunch of entitled assholes moved right next to a racetrack and then complained about the noise, and eventually forced the drag strip to shut down.
I'm in Canada but this has happened where I live. Our outdoor gun range has been there for decades but the county allowed houses to be built at the end of the rifle range. Idiots. Now the rifle range has been shut down because people, knowing there's a range there, built homes then complained about a gun range being behind their homes.
They want to shut down the track & redevelop the area into residential housing after tearing down the track
I’m with you brother what can I do to help?
regardless of how much you fight, there is so much money the board will make in back hand deals moving forward with that housing development you don't have a chance. I am truly sad to see the start of the end. the people on the board are the type off people that say "take it to the track, keep it off the road" but will shutdown all the tracks.
Is David Freiburger and MoterTrend on board. I've watch David go to many dead tracks across the nation.
This exact thing happened in my home town where houses were built next to a military base that scrambled A10 Warthogs.   People were pissed at the noise. Bunch of ungrateful Americans.
Having home owners sign something relies on the title company or realtor who sells the home ACTUALLY doing 100% of their job. Our neighborhood has a letter of assurance from the developer which states there will be an HOA eventually and was to be singed by the purchaser of any property in the development. Turns out despite it being on county record, When it came time to discuss the HOA it was discovered that about 25% of the neighborhood never got the letter. Good luck man. I hope you guys get it blocked!
moves next to a race track knowing that one is there....... complains about noise  people that do this should be ignored
I would move next to a race track, I'd set up a hunting stand 3 ft away and 5 ft above the fence line, free entertainment.
What about being a historical site?
Let’s get all the big draft race guys to just move into those neighborhoods and then everyone wins.
This is why my local race track closed Tunis speed way in iowa
Get in on the ballot for the people to vote on it.  My mom stopped a large development in my county.
I will be emailing them when I get home you have my full support
4,500 homes at an average of 2,000 a year for taxes is 9,000,000 a year in tax revenue I doubt the track makes that
The race track in vernon bc canada shut down for the same reason
🥺🥺🥺
Unfortunately you can’t stop what is happening. They are using this climate change agenda to shut down all racing and eventually have everyone off of fossil fuels and convert everyone to electricity.
easy fix... turn the vacant land into protected wildlife preserve :)
You spoke very well
Where else but America can you go intentionally build your House next to a Dairy farm and complain of the shit smell and petition the Government to ruin the business of the Dairy Farm with Rules/Regulations until they are forced out of business? It's all about the Money at the end of the day. Property ownership in this Country is a Fantasy. You Own nothing and the Government demonstrates this to us every single day.
Is it ok to oppose as a swissguy living in switzerland?
Better call John Dutton lol
YOU KNOW THOSE BOARD MEMBERS HAVE ALLLLL BEEN PAID OFF!!
Whoever the developers are I guarantee they are paying off the officials.  You have my support.
EVERY FUCKING TIME... EVERY TIME! WHAT THE FUCK 😡
Sell them the track for 500milion or more.
I can't believe they're doing this to you there's got to be something that fans can do somebody they can call and call again and call again it's all about the fans you know you bring a lot of Revenue there I watch a lot of shows there I don't want to see that go away
Welcome to republican Flori-Duh, were we let developers do whatever they want, irregardless of the problems they create~  If you can to build 4500 homes in Flori-Duh, you can do it!  Just slip a "campaign contribution" in Ron DeathSantis' pocket and you get your variance!
Bet your ass they close your track the roads will be covered in drag cars
@AdamLZ
I can hear my neighbor mowing his lawn from inside my house at times. Pretty sure they’d hear thousands of horsies screaming their hearts out on the other side of the fence.
ummm, hear me out, 4000 of his subscribers or viewers move into the place and get easy access to the show plus more money in his pocket, genius
I'm telling you Cletas. Your secretary of insurance just resigned in Florida. They're Trying to develop properties that cannot be insured. The insurance companies have reached their peak loss in that area and they will not give those homes flood insurance check it out?
These zoning meetings have already been decided.   The people in those seats have already been paid off by these large developers.   They dont give a rats ass about your racetrack.
Ha, they brought out the attorney in Mr. Mitchell.
I wish i can go to Florida to SUPPORT but im on the west coast. Clear across the whole country
I live approximately 2 miles south of New Hampshire Motor Speedway.  This is a fairly rural area still and is almost all forest.  Regardless of the weather I can still hear the cars and motorcycles when the track is holding events.  I love the track and appreciate what revenue the events bring to the area.  Building homes THAT close to an area like your track is certain death for the track!
The developers don't care about some racetrack. In fact, I bet part of the reason this was even suggested is to get you to eventually shut down. These greedy developers and city council only care about one thing - money.
This is bullocks man your right they do it on purpose then complain they aren't making the money they use too. The city makes a bunch weekly or so and then that income drops
It's all about the money! Money for the builders and property tax for the state!
They better be paying for it not fat to you man hope everything goes well 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Sounds like developers are blatantly trying to bully you. Don't stop fighting, make friends with local politicians ASAP. They will do everything they can to ruin your life if you let them. Remember the guy with the tank?
I wish they actually cared. You made a great presentation and anyone with common sense would have already considered that. With that said. Politicians stand to make huge profits off of that land and development. Be it lobbying or having a hand in the contractors/building companies as well as property investments that stand to make huge profits. They don't care about the track. They will never use it. They don't go and watch. This is a perfect example of politics as a whole on a much smaller scale. This is how our country is run.  I know you will put in the leg work, I know you will do everything you possibly can to cover yourself because this will lead to court cases. But that boundary line they setup was done on purpose. The EPA is coming for gas powered everything. The tracks will be the last safe haven for race cars only. Only professional teams will be able to afford to one off an entire car that doesn't need oem standard equipment required by the EPA to operate. That means track revenue will plummet. The complaints from neighbors will make it much easier for a court case to not go your way and the government has unlimited funding to wait out litigation.  I hate being a negative person about the situation we face as a world. But the little guy lost its legs. And in 2020 we lost our ability to use our voices and protesting power against corrupt government.  I hope I am wrong. I hope that your fight keeps tracks alive for another 50 years. I really do. Thank you for what you've done for the car community. Thank you for investing your time and putting your finances on the line to make something great.
Property developers are vile; how many great things do they have to destroy and replace with stripmalls and stamplot suburbia
Where I live, people move next to a naval airstrip, and then complain about the jets and the noise
Happened in Bakersfield CA Mesa Marin speedway. They built a bunch of old retirement  communities  next to the track and they all complained and the track got shut down.
I hope this goes well, unfortunately stopping city planning is neigh impossible. In my area they have always found a way to do what they want, either have a last minute community meeting to hear all complaints and objectives to just finding issues with the offending property and getting them kicked out or remove licenses making them effectively destroyed as a business. They use every trick to get what they want, because they see huge tax revenue in the form of the housing developments.
My dad bought the Dixie Speedway(now called “The Birch Run Speedway and Event Center) 4-5 years ago.. it’s been there for 80some years.. as soon as he took it over, the surrounding neighbors started the problems… limiting events, property usage, times.. did some real shady stuff having kids come in at township meetings saying they can’t study, because that’s what kids do on Friday and Saturday night.. you know? It’s just an ongoing hassle.. and these people bought houses KNOWING a race track is very nearby.. it’s crazy.
Setup a “Fund” and have fans donate to become a member (discounts on track attendance or whatever).  Buy as much of the land nearby.
sending email later today. can’t believe they will want to get rid of the track. best of luck and i’ll keep updated on this
The development should pay for the wall If they want less noise.  It doesn’t make sense to give the original owner to pay for something the new neighbor wants.  First come first serve.
All these people want to do is kill car culture in this country, the track should be considered grandfathered in and get priority. I would say maybe you could buy that land.
An entire land fill at 30% capacity was shut down because of the development that was built adjacent to it. Scumbag yankees moved in and they shut the landfill down.
They want the tax income of the new houses
All they see is the tax revenue. You are effed.
This is the state getting ready to swallow up the track in a legislative monopoly.
Done and done they can never take the FF Away!!!!!!!!!!
Buy part of the land
The problem is. None of the people voting for or against it give a crap about racing. That’s why the tracks got moved the first time. I’m rooting for u guys. But big moneys most likely going to win like it usually does.
Unfortunately the brainiac politicians think the homes generate more income for them through property and payroll taxes. They also look at the fact its more votes as well. Also not helping is the property owner sees dollar signs and companies who are involved in building up an area like this are known to throw money at public officials for their votes.  Additionally most of these board members have never been to races of any kind. If they are liberals they also think homes are better than wasteful race tracks.  Sucks but that's how it works and why so many tracks end up vanishing.
Let me build a neighborhood next to your race track and then demand you shut down. People have lost their minds o
Having a drag strip keeps street races to a minimum as well....
I oppose
I live 3/4 of a mile from the local dirt track, it's part of the county fairgrounds that's In the middle of town. Track has a 20 foot tall wall and sound attenuation equipment in place. I can hear every class from home. When I bought the place the realtor warned me about it. I love hearing it every Friday night
Same thing happened to a track in CO. It’s even happening to Red Rocks in CO and they made shows end sooner. Ridiculous, everyone knows that stuff is already there.
Man, really hoping for the best outcome for you all with this situation. I live in the neighborhood right next to Orlando Speed World so I definitely understand the concerns and arguments on both sides
This is bs they only accepted to get money in their pockets
Would it be possible to raise enough money to buy the 2700 acres from the current owners
More houses more tax dollars they don’t give a shit about the environment all they care about is money bottom line
I'm confused. So they want to build houses next to a race track? and because they want they houses built they get to shut down the race track business?  Seems like I'd get mad if I watched this video.
Sartenburg County SC they put 50 houses right in line with the runway planes go right over these houses ,,,,now the people that live there are complaining ,,,,,WOW WHOS THE FOOLS THAT BUILT AND BOGHT THE HOMES
I don't think the county is doing right by the racetrack, but I have to say trying to argue the value of it VS an influx of tax paying residents in that many homes is not there at all as a valid argument. The tourism $ vs steady dependable income from residents would need to be insanely high. This is likely why it had to move 50 years ago. At the end of the day a planning board is there to benefit the community and I can't see a situation in which they wouldn't come to the same conclusion I've proposed beyond extreme circumstances that are otherwise unknown at this time.
Clearly they want racing back in the streets. Reap what you sew.
That is b******* if you have to do that Your track was there before they decided to build these houses so why is it your problem should be their problem
Build that wall! 🇺🇸
Email sent from Illinois! Good luck!
Can i still send an email even after the the 15th
Contact Gerard Hansen that is building Mississippi Raceway Park. He has History with Florida & Nola Motorsports Park.
Best of luck to you. The unfortunate reality is unless you have a ton of LOCAL support it's not going to be easy to you. The local politicians are just going to ignore emails that come from Georgia, California, Colorado or anyplace that isn't in Florida, or even directly local to the area. If your track isn't going to contribute more to the local tax base than the potential new residents are then I don't think you're going to have much of a leg to stand on. I hope I'm wrong...
this is florida, so they wont care and will build whatever they want and tell you too bad.
Devil's advocate here: I would love to live next to a racetrack though
The race track was there first. Tell them to kick rocks
by the land up they want to build on. its only 2,700 acres
This is a battle nascar is struggling to overcome... good luck cleetus I'm very bummed about this news
This bullshit happens in NZ too. Multiple raceways have been forced to close because of this idiocy.
Let me make this very clear. Fremont CA had a dragstrip a long time ago and look at the shit that goes down in the bay area now and los Angeles as well. Side shows street racing gun discharge loud music and crowds well over 1000 people. The cops don't have enough man power in the city of Oakland to shut these crazy car meets down. Just watch side show on YouTube and you will see. I have even seen videos when cops show up they start throwing alcohol bottles at the cop cars I think one even hit a cop in the head. When you give people a professional organized place to play trust me when I say life is much more peaceful. When there is no place to go and the wrong people get involved the cops will start to loose control and have no solution for the people. If you have a track and a cop catches you street racing he can tell you next time take it to the track, and if people keep getting caught then it just gets worse for them, but with a professional environment for people to go to and enjoy their car and be safe believe me when I say it's better cause the other way is much worse for the community.
the absolute sh!tstorm coming their way is gonna hit worse than ian.
But for real.... imagine being a  lil boy growing up next to a race track? Dream life!
That's what happen to rmr in utah. Now we don't have a race track. Their is one out in tooele but no oke goes to it and heard it will be closing down next year
Bro, honestly, they should know what they're getting into. Home owners would be so lucky. Hell, the Freedom factory could have a good impact on that community. Getting involved and keeping future kids a place to go and not get into trouble. The track could be a good thing for them. If they work TOGETHER
Ask Mr. Myakka Gold guy who was pardoned by Bill Clinton. He knows all about that area. :)
I mean would they rather us do our racing on a track or the street? When the law doesnt allow for freedom, freedom we will take
A racetrack that was near my old home was built in 1948.  It had weekend stock car racing and not had major complaints until the early 80’s.  Thats when a nearby neighborhood group got together and filed a petition to have the track shut down because of the noise factor.  There were several hearings held and even though the track owner tried to work with the petitioners and become noise compliant by adding mufflers to the race cars the petitioners would not budge on their goal of shutting the racetrack completely down.  So, the track owner was left with no choice but to pull a power move and explain that the petitioners nor the city had the power to shut the track down due to it having been “grandfathered” into the zoning laws that were instituted decades before. The Indianapolis Speedrome racing facility still operates to this day and I’m guessing a lot of those in the complaining neighborhood group have moved or died out of this world by now!  The track does require mufflers on the cars to curb the noise level but the racing continues.  I don’t know if there’s anything that can be taken from this story to help you in any way but I thought I would tell of a similar situation of what your facing. GOOD LUCK! 👍😎🇺🇸
I was born and raised in Bradenton. One of the reasons why the previous owners were pushed out was because of the noise ordinance. Please please do not let the commissioners sell out to the developers. Watch out for corruption and back yard good ole boy network. You know exactly what’s going on. They were not supposed to develop those wet lands near by.
Spread the word or you a B×××ch
Buy the land!
the bribes will ensure its passing.
Lawyers will be the big winner in this
over his head again...
The problem is that 4500 new homes will generate more money for the town then a simple racetrack. With the electric future ahead and co2 emission problems I can say that it's 100% impossible for you to win this. If the land is proven to be unsuitable for their building plans you may have a shot but other then that there is no way.
Yeah no way this doesnt get approved, unfortunately. 4500 homes and the tax revenue from that will overpower any power the tracks have. The politicians are gonna side with that land developer.   ugh.
That sucks but your tracks are done they don't care .you can bet money has filled their pockets .
This is happening on Denver.  The airport DIA was built well outside of town. Developers built thousands of homes around it. Now people are complaining about jet noise. 🙄
I've sent my e-mail opposing to the application! I'm from the Netherlands, yet I've been to your track a few times. I'm hoping my address will be valid, and so my opposing aswell. Either way, it's on record that this track has international roots and support!
The growth in Manatee county towards Myakka city is ridiculous. People that move out there, move out there for a reason. Moving the rural line, is for no other reason, than money. As a 5th gen Floridian it’s disgusting watching people move here, and them turning this state into nothing but neighborhoods.
Can u not buy the property next door to ya so houses dont get built
Just keep running the cars and fuck any rules they try to impose, they can't stop all of you, and if they start impounding cars ill be one of the first to drive down from Michigan and help break them out for you.
Turned an old golf course across from me and has cost the tax payers millions to fix our 80 year old pipes that keep backing up into wetlands
This is the same thing that happens to small airports across the country. I can think of at least a dozen in nj alone. The same thing is also a concern of englishtown raceway here in nj.. homeowners complaining about the noise not knowing what they moved next to.
Use the following: Clean water act, will they impacauthentic? Comment on their permit. Endangered species act, any endangered species concerns. NHPA, is your race track over 50 years old. Will they impact the aethestics? I'd get an environmental attorney involved.
I'm from and live in New Jersey and the same thing has happened here in New Jersey with the famous all American Raceway Park in old Bridge County New Jersey The track was shut down because of the residential Housing that was developed years ago Started to complain about the noise So now that leaves us with no race track to go and race our cars safely Leaving New Jersey car enthusiast to Street race And put their life in danger Or risk getting tickets And losing their vehicles.
Too late to email?
Just buy all the land! Then you own the track and secure everything around it. 🤑
Then they will complain about sideshows and street racing. Make it make sense lol.
Similar crap with what happened at Englishtown, NJ. NHRA pulled out because the track was no longer long enough but there were major complaints from new residents moving in by a dragstrip. It's sad. I hope Wall Stadium doesn't face the same fate.
If there's any petition to be signed or anything please let us know if we can do anything up here in Canada as 1000s of ppl come to your events from here
Invite all the county commissioners to the track
This happened in NJ and they eventually shut down Englishtown drag strip.
The wall never worked at Englishtown, then there was a curfew. This is bad news. A racer's park in the NE corner is a stopgap attempt by the developer to appease you and Vic, but it won't block out the noise. Next will come a curfew, to stop any night racing, eliminating events available to spectators, the lifeblood of tbe tracks. Continue the fight and trust nothing the developer's money says, Garrett and Vic. Best wishes!
It’s also a safety concern if the tracks close.
Build the homes next to the race track. Promote the houses to car guys and gals. They’ll love living there! I used to sit outside my old house and listen to the race cars at the circle track a couple miles away.
I hope this doesn't happen cleet. But I know here in Canada you do NOT have to accept fair market value. Squeeze them . Save every receipt. And make em pay you enough to build a brand new bald eagle buildings. Replacement value is what your after. The cost to rebuild. I can believe with your followers it still got passed. I'm sure it was already talked about to throw ya 2 votes as well so there's no riot. Anyhow if they want a burm. Do a burm and just make sure the contract is locked it about complaints. You would be surprised in how well a burm works in combination with a highway fence. The 2 together kill 85% of decibels.
And the world goes round bro. You better build houses too. Ironic usa
it is so ridiculous how they continually get rid of tracks in the US and then wonder why people race on the streets. tracks i have raced at were closed because of noise.
Since they have the problem they need to come up with a fix without it affecting you at all you should be grandfathered in
To those that have been here comma that one to go here comma that no people that go here comma whether you live in this data a different one email regardless! Attract nearby where I am maybe getting a national event with the NHRA, we have all been emailing the energy rail like crazy and it looks like it's working comma using that example comma how many travel out of state to go to a race kind of festival, you name it? A lot of us do explanation mark you can live in California the comment race team from all over the country go there comma fan small over the country go there for his events comma for snowbirds for any of that stuff smart don't let where you live via determine from emailing! The amount of time something like this is happening they end up getting rid of a race track or some sort of facility down the road comma then the GDP and income of a given area or cedary just goes down the toilet in short order might be a year might be 10 years might be five years but it never ends well for the city time by the area comma the homes any of it period find examples of these because they are everywhere
Money 💴 is power
Get this publicized and get people that want to live by the racetrack to buy all the houses
Hate to say it but I think this is the beginning of the end for your track. Those homes in that development will generate more income for the city/county then your track does and when your track closes down they can build more homes on that property. Witness the same thing happen many times out here in Southern California. One example being Orange county international raceway which because the housing development around it eventually shut down and guess what sits on that land now?
U need to get with our governor and see if he can help anyway. I live in manatee County as well and have been to the track many times.
The sad truth is. That this development means over 80 Million dollars in impact fees alone and another 20 Million a year in property taxes for this county. This is the only thing the people that supposedly represent US care about. These are loose number but is probably a fairly close estimation at 20k per home for impact fees and 5k per home in property taxes based on 4k homes. Adding a development of this size means 1-2 more schools 50ish more police/fire employees at least 1 additional shopping center nearby. There is no way to compete with the money these guys will be swinging around. Especially not with this short of notice... As a SouthEast FL resident we just lost Moroso/PBIR and I am sad to say this is the way its going for so many tracks.
Just buy the land.
I hope you get loads of positive support for this. Racetracks being killed by urban sprawl is a global issue - it killed a racetrack at home with over a 100 year history. It great to see you salvaging a raceway, and I hope you get the result you are looking for - good luck!
I don't live close enough to make it worth it right now. I will email though, I've heard this happening and Its always been too late. But I would stand against people complaining to get it shut down.
The track was there first...who has the right to say what the priority is.  This is America and the track has the right to the freedoms as spelled out in our Constitution.  We're behind you Cleetus!
You are fuct son.  All the county is going to care about is money they will get from taxes.
Cletus you know what this means.. they're going to build the homes enough people are going to complain and they're going to force you to shut down what has been there for 50 years. Fight this fight and keep your track open. We've already lost so many over the last few years we can't afford to lose any more
Emailing now, best of luck. Cheers from Kentucky!
DUUUDDDEEE the name of the track is “The Freedom Factory” and as probably more of a libertarian I say let them build. If they don’t like the noise or traffic from events then they don’t have to buy there or if they do buy and end up realizing it’s not for them they can also move. I’m not a huge fan of this campaign to help stop the building of I’m sure, much needed homes (which I’m sure you have plenty of supporters) but as soon as they try to shut YOUR freedom down, pun intended, I will donate, show up, write a million letters everytime. Broham, the track is named the “Freedom Factory”.
If you had migrants running through your property all day AKA illegal aliens that wouldn't be a big deal though
Same thing happened to Englishtown nj.  Goodluck. Unfortunately more homes equals more $ for the city and banks . Also depends on how deep the contractors pocket is .
Dudes a millionaire, buy land and make a new one
The end of my driveway is the wall of a racetrack and it has never once been a problem for my sleep nor has it ever affected my house or neighbors at all
I'll email when I get home from work!  Love from Bristol TN, less than 10 minutes from BMS!
This is for a LAND VARIANCE?
People complain way to much!!! 🙄
Spoken like an experienced lawyer. I saw yesterday's argument earlier today.   Big money (developers), have zero conscience.  They don't care who the stomp on.  In a few years, the track goes out of business, the buy it for pennies on the dollar and build more homes...... all planned in the great scheme. 😖🤬
If you really need a can opener let me know. By default because Covid19 being a Biological Weapon  the current setting officials are tyrannical. They was found guilty of funding wohan.  I hate politicians.
That literally happened to us. We owned a race track, all new construction. Two years later it died. That's all it took. County will choose property tax dollars over tourism impact.
Try to get it declared a historic site
Get a lawyer, they have a lot you need at least 1
I will defend this with my life
Good luck brother I hope you win this case
Track or county should have some type of grandfather clause!   New Paris speedway has a similar situation. Track cannot be resurfaced if it gets new asphalt it looses the grandfather clause.
Just put up a bunch of billboards saying really loud racecars over there with directions so dumbasses moving in can't say they didn't know what they signed up for
If the homeowners are aware they are moving in next to a racetrack they have no right to complain it should be that simple.
Buy the 2700 acres and put more race tracks on it 🫡 that would be the biggest fuck you to the county lol
Not gonna lie man. Municipality’s love developers. Track days fill restaurants, so will 4000 homes. Just being real. Might be worth while selling your land to the developer before the break ground and buy your own plot of 1000 acres to put your new house/ track on. Build it they will come. Good luck
There's got to be a way to show just how much revenue it brings in to the county, you need to have those numbers that's for sure! With the market like it is I can't believe they're going to attempting to do that before the economy collapses. I hope this is on your main Channel too, sad all the bribery and everything else that is going to, I don't know, I'm soooooo frustrated hearing this is not even funny
This is how i lost my drand and circle tracks
Typical Florida attitude, take away everything for the locals to make a damned yankee happy. Send them packing back up north!
Suggestion- Create a syndicate and pay more the land and purchase and secure it. - The developer will not spend the money for purchase and development if they are forced to pay more than what they can get a return on their investment
I SAY, IF they build the homes, There's gotta be 4000+ people out of your subscriber list that are looking for homes. Everyone buy out the houses, You got the Freedom Flock on the Freedom block
As a local out here, we all have your back. We will continue the fight alongside you 💪🏼
I sure hope you're able to figure something out here. The tax revenue from 4500 homes is going to be massively popular to the county. Environmental impact certainly sounds like a good angle and giving people an option to stop street racing seems like another good angle. This happens all the time in CA and it sucks for the motorsports community.
My hope is that this movement is successful!! My reality is that unless there is something sinisterly remarkable coming down the pike and the FF will be zoned out of existence and that’s infuriating!!   Finding highly competent lawyers is expensive and tough! To compete against a multibillion dollar development community that will promise higher county revenue is financial suicide! 4500 homes @ $1.5 - $3.5 million equals about $70 million in real estate taxes!Annually!! Can’t compete with that! Hopefully you have about 15 good years before the walls cave in, that may allow you time to search for and acquire new land to develop! Live hard, Play harder!!
Someone needs to remind the Commission that without the current race track venues, locals will go back to "Street" racing and the endangerment that entails. Out of control gangs putting on street racing and intersection takeovers will happen. When Irwindale Raceway was closed in the late '70's, the San Gabriel Valley had a severe increase of street racing that resulted in accidents and loss of life and property. It's the same with other racetrack closures. Cops say, "Take it to the race track!'.... What happens when there's no more race tracks?
Last resort sell out build a brand new facility!
I'll add you
Talk to the farmer
Add in that they are destroying precious farmland.
There's 3 houses within a  mile of it
The track on my Instagram has a midnight noise ordinance
It's unfortunate, because all these councils see are tax dollars via 4500+ homes and the people that come with them, so then they can grandstand on how they brought in all these people and homes to fill jobs in the area, yada yada yada.  I wish you well, I hope you can pull this off.
Bro you gata put the address up too.
Wow. These people trying to push for housing in a area that has racing are idiot's..money hungry blood sucker's
Just like an airport.  They build homes around the airport after the airport is established, then they complain about the noise.  Not sure what they expect.
They just shutdown the circle track near me in Arizona because people moved in and are now complaining.
Get ahold of me ASAP BUY THE LAND OR I WILL  PROBLEM SOLVED
That girl in court looks plugged up poor thing
You need to keep posting this and get people on board asap, this is ridiculous is infuriating. What just happened so much throughout my life all over the country. The concept of let's tear down what brings in money and things to do and reasons to come visit a place to build houses.. for a place where there's nothing to do because we bulldozed it all to put in houses, it is stupid and only benefits a few constituents and the people developing the real estate so on, especially with your track how much money it brings in, it's insane. I'm trying to avoid a rant but I a bunch of people jump on board and help you with this. Friends corporations whoever! Someone needs to buy it out..lol.
Closing all these tracks will bring back street racing
I messaged everyone I know & linked this video to help save your track. I emailed those people also. 👍
With all due respect they're not going to care about the people you have to show them the money how much revenue does each event bring in how much taxes they're making they are most definitely going to be thinking about 4500 homes worth of property tax they're thinking about the possible income tax you're going to get through all the people that move into those are there they're thinking about the fact that hey you know what in a couple years if these race tracks do shut down someone will probably be interested in pudding small there that's more money in their pockets have to show them they can make more money with you there then they came without you
They full of shit
Park the loudest car you have outside the meeting and let it rip.
This is exactly how kcir died. As well as countless stock yards, butcher shops, machine shops, industrial shop, etc. Those with the deeper pockets kill history by regulating what they don't like out of existence.
This is exactly what happened to Old Dominion Speedway in Virginia. I had gone there since I was 3 years old. A housing development was later built nearby. Neighbors complained of the noise and how the track devalued their homes... uh... your property was sold for the value it was BECAUSE it was by a track in the first place. The track eventually closed and re-built much further out as Dominion Speedway. You are correct. This is a huge red flag, and someone is overstepping by suggesting they develop there. Where do I sign?
It's *VERY* worth it for non-residents to just, call the commissioner's office. I just did, and they are actually tagging the call as a call in for opposition to the development.  Calling is so much more personal and has so much more impact than just "signing a petition". Both are necessary. Both are very helpful. Let them know where youa re from, what kind of revenue you are spending when you visit the community, etc.   These people only see $$$. Let them know how this will impact tourism dollars and tax revenue.
There is Noise Cancelling technology that can be deployed or the Developers can be honest and call the Develeopment - Burning Rubber Gearhead Haven
I work less than a mile from the local motor speedway and even with hills and trees in between that, I can still clearly hear inside when the circle track racers are up and doing laps
$$$ talks, if developers got $$$ your done, sucks but that's the way.
Y'all should get with the military and figure out how they are able to have a Air Force base around so many houses
Bottom line is they are blind to not see they are forcing racers to be on the streets instead of tracks......  that's where it's headed....  bull crap tickets because they want to expand.  I will sign a petition even if I'm not in your state. Racing Life is a great hobby!
I have the same literally the SAME exact dale Earnhardt wood carving behind you!
Done. I hope we don't see another historic track close and you can continue your chapter in its history.
at the end of the day this will all boil down to money, you need to make the argument that your track brings more tax money than adding 4500 homes right next door. If you can prove that you bring even 20k people a year for just even a month of that year to spend money in that county your track brings more tax revenue than 4500 homes worth of property tax with no need to raze 2700 acres of land for soccer moms to complain about noise.
A ton of people will show up
This sounds like gentrification 🤷🏾‍♂️
Good luck
so wait they can just make you get rid of your track because they want more houses? as far as I was concerned noise complaint time is like 7am-10pm if it were me I would keep it open and start doing more events as they are building and selling basically just ruining their development all I can say is dont help them at all make it harder for them you got a nice area there never actually seen the freedom factory from a map but theres a lot of land around you that offer a nice area for the track
Bring the data!   It's great to highlight the draw to the local community and businesses. Instead of "tons of people" say 11,831 people attended, and we estimate that only 5% (or whatever the number is) are from Manatee County, and if estimate that every two people are buying lodging rooms (at local rate, est $125), and each person is spending $75 per day on food and beverages. For a Friday evening, through Sunday at noon event (and the attendance above), that's $4.7M being put back into the local economy on race weekends (250 for 2 nights, 150 for 2 days of food = 400 per person X 11,831 people). You could then multiply that by the number of significant events each year, and you have the annual economic positive impact to the county!  Show photos of the notable events that highlights the sold out events, the imagery is very powerful! List the specific publications that highlight the quality of the facility. Also how many people do you/the track employ? That's a big part of it to. Development jobs are temporary, yours are long term. Do you do any charity work through the track? That's another angle to make your case. Developers don't care about the local community, like local businesses.
I feel your pain we had some asshole move from a city to the country for a better life he ended up getting our motocross track shutdown
Yes, you will be able to hear it, and it will be loud. My dad lived about 2 miles from a track and on Friday nights... it was loud.
Man I literally just watched car trek and they were just at youre track i hope u win man wish i could be there to support this why would they even want to build right there i wish you the best of luck
Its about the money generated from the housing, im sorry but i feel like no matter how strong you stand corrupt m$@=effers will be greedy. I truly hope your successful brother!
The neighborhood I grew up in had a drag stop nxt to it and I’m proud to say that last month I bought a home in that same neighborhood and I loveeeee being nxt to the track
Money and greed talks. Small 🐠 in a big pond. Hope it works out for you and the Freedom Factory remains opened while operating amazingly.
Gotta buy up the land or as much as possible to keep housing at a distance
I hope it works out for you.
I'm with ya bubba,  love everything your about,  unfortunately these big developers probably paid that first board off to pass it and will do the same to the second board that votes.  Wishing you luck brother,  these people are scumbags and could care less about buisness owners in their way.
The last thing this country needs is more houses drowning out the most American sport there is 😂 keep it as ag land and keep it cranking instead of making housing developments
This is a bunch of bs, the track was there first if they don't like it they should build houses somewhere else.
as a property owner in Manatee county I sent a very polite but strongly worded email for you. If I can afford to fly down I will
what a shame....any chance of buying the land from them?
the instructions arnt clear to me do i need to email the names listed and include "Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048" and "I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance " and/or give my reasoning or just sending this alone?
You're fighting a losing battle.  The massive amount of money, short and long term, the city and their eliet will make off this development is going to end the track.  You'll have too many with influence voting to close the track.
I can tell you what's going to happen by reading the tea leaves. 4,500 homes adding to the tax base at about $5k per home is $22.5M. County commissioners are going to side with developers EVERY time. Good luck, put up a good fight!
the best talking point is the fact the track brings out of city and state people,these people will buy gas/food/snacks ets ets.its the same principle as tourism bringing money to cities.this benefits the city so much. not to mention removing tracks promotes illegal street racing
LETS GET WHISTLIN DIESEL ON THIS
The houses built next to the Rod and Gun club in Billings all had to sign a release saying they can not sue the gun club because of all the shooting. Gun club was there first.
At the end of the day when your buying a home you should consider the area. A responsible person that doesn’t like race tracks won’t buy a home anywhere near a race track while the people that do will. Thats the whole reason why I hate the system we have because people will just out houses where ever they want and then they expect everyone else around them to change to better fit there wants.
this same issue killed Englishtown raceway NJ. you can hear the race track for miles away no wall no berm will stop the sound. think of it this was No one in there right mind will buy houses right next to the race track if you are operating while buyers are looking at the houses. the development will go bankrupt from lack of sales, then buy the property .
That's fkn stupid..... They should be putting hotels and stuff there to help bring in money from the race track attendees and racers, I bet the drivers would love a hotel w/ car storage and restaurants and stuff.
Here northern California we still have the famous Sacramento raceway!  I couldn't imagine it being closed! Its like the car community is being controlled across the country and more and more of the things we enjoy are being taking away ! Even some meets in certain areas!  Sad. Cause this country has a major history involving cars and racing for years
Being a multiple landowner myself.....Ive had my fair share of these types of issues in my area with the city. There's more money in it for the city/county in development then there is a racetrack so there for the city/county will and can do whatever it takes to make this big money deal happen. Even if it means conjuring up random problems, looking for ever little excuse to boot you out. Chances are they probably already have a use for your property as well once they drive you out.
This is how racing gets moved to the streets, can’t have people do it safely when you take the venues away
This is exactly why racetracks all around the USA and Canada have been getting shut down - I learned it in business school! You get these rich land developers buying up land right beside the racetracks because it's cheap from the noise pollution. Then those rich guys convince council to destroy the track because it's too loud! And they make an absolute killing from the value of the land sky rocketing!!
3 homes per acre is WAY too close !   JUNK
Put in a pig farm if they dont like the race track f them
Why should anyone have to defend anything called the freedom factory
That's my E Mail Sent from the uk, and some words explaining what a terrible mistake it would be. Hope this goes your way Cleetus. We are all behind you.
This is how we lost our local track. Now local law is dealing with a increase of illegal street racing. With that high speed accidents.
Developers with money…..Win… unfortunately it is what it is.
Never fails, this stuff is sickening!! I hope you have the entire state you know the other organizations and everyone else here associated with just jump in the middle of this and when! It's about somebody making money at someone else's expense so I literally hope everyone from corporations to individuals help you everyone else involved in this endeavor! I get so tired of seeing or witnessing people making money off of development and completely ruining something way more long-term. I'm just going to leave it at that but I hope everyone and their dog, cat and lawyer and whatever other resources that are needed to legitimately fight this
Worst case scenario is everyone starts running HFC's (or limited exhaust systems) to limit dB. This actually isn't uncommon, for some reason racers in the USA are fundamentally opposed to running high flow cats though?
You are there first. F them!  They shouldn't be allowing homes to be built there. But someone has big pockets and now you have to fight them. Wich is hard.
If you can be there then go. They’re building new houses for all the Mexicans and terrorists that are coming across the border
Save the track.
If you need to defend the racetrack, you have to use extra legal means. You need to demonstrate against it. Make some noise. (You and everyone that runs on that racetrack literally have mobile tools excellent at creating a lot of noise). Persistent loud demonstrations work.
I never understood what went though people's heads when they said "Let's put houses right by a race track"
To bad you could not buy that land!!
done G emails sent
Emails sent brother 💪
If they build houses next to a racetrack they should expect to here it. Just like if they build next to a river they should expect a flood. If they build in Florida they should expect a hurricane. If they build in the desert expect no rain. It's a simple thought process.  I'm 7-8 miles from our local dirt track......and i can hear it. It's on the other side of our town.
Lol welcome to the Green New Steal! No more fun to be had just more and more housing for mass immigration that will dissolve your National Sovereignty. Just like the masks, the purchase of EV’s is your personal signature on this new social contract. In other words. The more people who buy these electric vehicles the higher the chance your gas powered vehicles will be prohibited from use. Keep buying them and say goodbye to all motorsports. Even your lawnmower ie// California. Cleetus I hope you guys win, best of luck to ya and anyone that can get there, GO! Because there’s billions of dollars working day and night against you
They’re gonna build it. Only way to beat it is if you can prove that you’re bringing them more tax revenue. That’s all politicians care about is taking your money.
Just get Rob to do all his testing and shake downs there since he can be heard from miles away :) Every single house in the planned area would hear a car lol. Another idea: from various points in that development zone, record the loudest vehicle you can get from a distance. Shouldn't be too hard.
Overpopulation 🤯
This situation sucks. The same problem has killed many small airports as well. It also killed our model airplane flying field.
Email sent from the 405.
Unfortunately, those homes are coming and there isn't much you can do about it. The money and greed will overpower the race fans interest in keeping the track open and fight against it.
Noooooo!
This happen to my local track .they put a hwyway in then a Walmart then home's a middle school. There was a pig farm just down the road .the new home owners had in closed because of the smell.this pig farm was owned by the same family for over a hundred years. I hate to say it but eventually you will lose your race tracks. All the board sees is that they think they can make more money in the long run with the homes than with your race tracks.
Good luck guys!
All this just to make more money. This is ridiculous.
This usually requires cash in commissioners pockets. I raced down at Punta Gorda for years & it sucks not knowing if the track will even be open from one week to the next. And it's right next to the airport! Idiots buy a shack next to an airport & race track, then complain. And for folks who have not lived in South Florida, complaining to the county & getting 'Free' home estimates on everything they can , are major pastimes of the elderly crowd.
In an ideal world, what you do on your land is none of your neighbor's business unless you buy an easement, or buy the land outright.  The only land pressure should be on property taxes from land value incresses.  However, if this were the case, the racetrack would have never been forced out into the country to begin with.  Everyone knows that people demand ownership of things they don't have any right to, such as neighbors moving next to racetracks and shooting ranges, then complaining about the noise.  It's childish and needs to end as an entitlement.
Garrett Mitchell... My biggest disappointment is that you are not actually a McFarland 😆😆. I agree with your argument, if you build a house next to a racetrack, you have no right to complain. If you move into a swamp, don't complain about alligators.
The opportunity to buy them out should be an option to help preseve the much needed greenery and wildlife sanctuary as well as producing edible carbon capture vegetation  maybe even useful fibers for fishing line etc the natural not monofilament plastic
They should build the houses elsewhere and build workshops/units instead where it won’t turn a racetrack into a ghost track that’s just a memory. Which brainiac came up with building houses next to a race track and thought it would be a good idea 🤷‍♂️ it’s just stupid. I’ll never get to get there as I’m in uk but these things are just ridiculous to move in and expect everyone else to change the status quo that already existed. Like moving to a new house and asking the neighbour’s to leave/sell up.
ive lived 1 mile from  Milan Dragway for 25 years i love i can  hear the track during the summer. but just as you say you get idiots who move next door the bitch about the noise. id look into who owns the property and see what the relationship between owner and county board is. betcha there is some corrupt stuff going on . hope you are successful
can you buy those lots that are close to the track and that you you can rent them to people who love racing lol man this sucks i hope you win.
Save the track!
I love how you bought land and a race track outside and away from people so you can enjoy your sport and the some idiots like yeah I’ll build houses next to that.   There’s a racetrack in the mountain surrounded by hills and trees near one of my local towns and the entire town can hear it. A 25 foot fence isn’t going to do shit.
Man I feel for you brother because in the name of progress he with the deepest pockets wins.
Environmental and public safety issues will catch the council's eye. Explain how you offer a place for cars to race in a safe environment with trained first responders while not putting the public in danger. Oklahoma is in a similar fight also.
I emailed all seven of them buddy I hope we can do it.
They did that at my home track in Clarksville Tennessee and I’m pretty much wasting money building a drag car cause by this time next year the track will probably be closed
Get the killdozer ready just in case. No step on Snek
Why isn't it the land developers responsibility to build a wall or whatever it takes to deflect the sound away from the land they want to develop. This is a race track not an airport, there is no noise coming from above that could be a reason to have change anything coming from the facilities. And like others have said about how polluting race cars are, what about potentially 4500 additional vehicles moving around the local area on a daily basis. Talk about an environmental impact and that doesn't include the machines to build the homes and roads and infrastructure needed to support and maintain the area and where is the power to support these homes come from. In the end it's all about the money and taxes they will receive and not use for there intended purposes. Get the governor envolved. I thought he was FOR the little people.
It's actually easy to fix, if you don't like the sound of race cars dont live by it. There's really not anything the contractors can do. It's like when they started building homes on green mountain, right across the highway from bandimere speedway. I mean I'd personally like to watch racing for free, but if the neighbors won't like it, but again don't move there. If I still lived in florida I'd be there.
It's all about the money.  The entire system is so corrupt. The county or state needs to implement heafty impact fees. I am sorry, but I doubt this can be stopped. Also, our infrastructure can't handle the 4500 homes. They don't care, it's money in their pockets.
This BS is what closed my local drag strip in Charlotte Nc. Shuffle Town was thriving The Home of Charles Carpenter the birth place of Pro Mod racing. The track was established in the early fifties by the local sherif and a local farmer who donated the land to build the track to try to stop the illegal street racing and then the built housing developments and the neighbors complained and boom no where to race in Charlotte. We still have Mooresville Shady Side Farmington Piedmont but no local weekly races. Good luck brother I’ll do what I can to help I’ll like and share and try to help make as much noise as I can just one more drop in the bucket but every drop counts when we are filling up the bucket. Thank you what you do for community and congratulations on your big Winn you got Mullet flying! Keep the wins coming. ❤️😎👍
So just to be sure  you know how much i HATE the Sirens of the hospital  and police and mostly firetrucks frequenting the backside pf my house their stealing via eminent domain  my and my neighbors land for "fair price " when  cheapest and values just rising higher. I agree  don't approve anything less than 1 home per 2acres and must require a garden for food sustainability meanwhile  must sign under oath anyone purchasing sale of land next to firing range assumes all the risks of stray shots and will pay out  of thier own pockets for home bulletproofing up to howitzer fire at minimum  i would stand there and claim i appose but  I'm a whole flight away, i could send my sister for Christmas but not sure the dates involved , id gladly write in a letter opposing such gross and grotesque "development" especially if loaded with Karens or the slightest incling of an association to tax you even after  the government  federal state city town neighborhood and maybe even smaller gang like groups taking away value from you not for your benefit and  not even for the less fortunate but to destroy such rich agriculture that's in even more great need as population booms and fda or farmer regulations to prevent them from  making a living providing for thier families and everyone else to consumed With time to do for themselves  , farmers operating at a loss must CEASE  & WE NEED  TO PROTECT such freedoms and rights that aren't just ignored but targeted by enemies within our own legislator i have roughly  300 communities of 1000s to multiple thousands  who would have my back if i asked to protect for our futures long run rather than ruining it now destroying in long run but a short term high that fades quicker than you can detect  , let's put  an and to concentrated targeting of ruining such nice things , the only way it could work out putting those homes so overpacked close next to the noiseest thing ya can think of like night train horns and thunder of it's vibrations shaking your house from less than 15ft away and being amplified in basements  i know construction compactors and i hear the trains clear as day through inside of house walls 3 miles  away with tons of stuff between to (cancel) or muffle the sound a 25 ft fence doesn't begin to scrape the surface especially if the berms only  15 ft high and the fence isn't on th berm but below and  so effectivly only  10 ft higher  when homes rist to 23ft standard package in the area  even though taller ones would be more useful with space if i could purchase the property as a farm or to extend a loop of racetrack around my farm and straight onto the freeway entrance and exit  minimum speed being floor it and yield to anything you can't keep up with meanwhile farmland for food amd buffer incase vehicle control loss and the lake in the middle  id raise up the banks around it fill it deeper with water with multiple creek overflows for saftey and build such wildlife sanctuary  where  hunting practice can be heard for many miles and any other loud industrial noises yet you could design extra  large soundproofing rooms just to hide from the noise to get a break but assume the risks and  don't let someone be lied to by the developers that oh peaceful  well you heard it was micro portions of an acre o cant even call it acres all cliche, here we tried to protect the only public water supply around keeping it in citizens hands via the donators wishes that has fed many from hundreds of miles away,,, developers immediately changed the flora and fauna a significant water quality change could be tasted as the people tried to get that association plain non native grass void of life and use bad for rhe bees as always trimmed so short ya can feel the dirt below it , anyways, praying for ya brother <3
Our race track/drag strip in Utah shut down. Used to go to it in my 20s and do midnight drags with friends
it would not be legal per se, if they were to built there they would just need to deal with the track and any consequences flowing from that. There is a legal principle for this called moving into the nuisance, where if the nuance existed before you moved there there aint nothing you can do about it.
Done.  Good luck.  Enjoy watching videos from FF.  Hope to visit one day.
You’ve probably heard of Langley Speedway in Virginia. Honestly the locals with neighborhoods that back up to the track seem to love it ! These planning committees need to step off! And not ruin a good thing again, expansion in rural areas is killing the country.  It’s happening in Chesapeake Virginia as well !
Our sponsor  owned the track  in Orangeburg  he was dealing with same problems they said as long as didn't race past 12 on Saturday  night they left him along  !
Yellowstone shit let’s take em to the train station
Let's buy the close ones and all the neighbors gonna be racers, problem solved!
I apologize for just seeing this now, I grew up going to laguna seca before the noise abatement and the “laguna mufflers”
Damn man. I feel for you. I really hope things work out for you they did this next to where I rode dirt bikes when I was a kid. There was no more riding.
I totally agree with you on that’s how race track died by family moving in homes and complaining about. In my city we had a race track called race city speedway and  it had to close down because the city took it to make room for homes and to make room for a garage dump.
I wish I could make it there, no funds, no time off, but I will say this, we have a local small track WITH a 110DB limit that is out in the country,  and you can hear it for 2 miles or more!! 25' wall ain't gonna do shit except cost a boatload of cash, and look stupid. They need to take that development somewhere else. Best of luck, Cleet.
You should not forget to tell them that some people release their stress on the race track and if they closed  people are going to street race
Best of luck save your dream hope you have a win from all the motor fans down under that love what you have done bye bringing that track back to life. 🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺
I honestly think u fucked up, Now they might not give you permission to continue to run the track, Ofc the will put 4500 homes before a dragstrip. You should have checked out options for them
people need to stop moving someplace and make it like the place they moved from . also id love to live next door to this track , that would be bad ass
Time to call WD, Roman Atwood, and Matt with demo ranch, trust me with all of y’all’s subscribers combined y’all can change this.
Drives me nuts when people move next to a racetrack then complain about the noise and then those same people will complain about street racing.
I feel horrible but the taxes and revenue from those homes will outweigh the track being there. Money is King.
Lmao reminds me of people who build developments next to railroad tracks.   Idiot people move in than complain about the noise from the trains.     Um you morons bought the place right next to the railroad. The railroad was there way longer than you even existed on this earth.  Just leave it to people to destroy something good and ruin all the fun
I wish I could I'm all the way in Tennessee. I'll be praying for it to not pass. I say we all donate ear plugs to all the new residents.. that's a win win...
Florida had enough people in it, stop destroying the ALL the land for out of state people
Give out tickets for people showing up
It needs to stay agriculture. I'm so tired of this bs. All about money for the contractors etc and they are padding pockets etc
Keep agriculture! No farms no food!
Stinking city counsel. So annoying. Need the population to show up and say no more high density.
same crap happend in Sweden and thats happen to be race on the streets after that ,,,
Our local racetrack in van buren Arkansas died before the gates even opened the owner built it,parking,stands,concessions way out in the county 6 miles from the city and unfortunately all they had to do was have 100 people sign against it it’s now been abandoned for 15 years and it never once had a grand opening
Emailed from the UK outlining our plans to visit next year. Am sure we are not alone in this.  I hope they will accept objections from overseas!  Good luck dude.
I remember Ravenswood Raceway in Perth Australia died for the exact same reason. It was one of only a handful of racetracks in the world that had a negative elevation value. Once the sun went down, the air was soooo dense it made for some magic ET times. Guys from the US would come over to our little track and were amazed at how much power they could make, often PB'ing. Now, it's all abandoned and part of the grandstand is still there. They put a grader over the track and destroyed it so no one would try and race on it again. It was a full 400m track not a quarter mile, with run off at the end and a sand trap. The government helped build a new racetrack at Kwinana but its not the same, no nostalgia to it at all. Those were the days.... I don't see how they can get planning approval outside the abatement. Someone's getting a kickback somewhere....
Garbage lol. We want to build some houses so you will be punished by having to build a big ass “fence”.
Ya know they are only zoning this because of you because of your popularity, bud, use it milk it let the area establish, quit spending money on the FF wait for the prime time bulldoze the FF develop the land into smaller blocks ... make 10s of millions ... build FF bran new how you want it
Certainly will right now, never been to your track, but enjoy your videos. Hope it helps and stops urban / suburban sprawl. Someday I’ll get to your track and camp there.
Just saw the news on the other channel...  Is this just a wake up call to 1) Buy another track 2) Get all your supporters to buy empty lots in the new development and never build them out 3) You yourself buy out the developer so you can kill the project.    You didn't speak the politicians language.  You didn't bribe the entire council like the developer did.  Unfortunately, politicians don't care what you ( an outstanding citizen) would like.  Your track doesn't "fit the model of expansion" that "grows" the tax base.  You need to show how many tax dollars get spent with the track in operation vs. the income of the 7500 new homes that are scheduled to be built at your facilities expense.  Will this be the downfall of The Freedom Factory v1.0?  Most likely...   Time to stop the renovation plans at the Freedom Factory and start scouting Freedom Factory v2.0!  You are THE Florida man!  Go all Walt Disney with it and start putting together an "investment" group yourself to go build your own Resort town of the future.  Where do I send my funds for a share?  I'm in!
Bud... do you know how much money your land will be worth once those houses are established... you'd build a mega complex somewhere else
Unless you're paying a pretty penny in taxes those ppl will more likely allow the build as thats 4500 homes for tax revenue.. thsts all they care about
I knew this would be something Nascar level dumb. Did not disappoint.
Our local track can be heard miles away.
I'd it doesn't work.... we are all buying a new house by the FF
I hope you have your attorneys involved in fighting this battle.
If it goes through just buy all the land next to the track lol
Don't be surprised if you lose, and have to close. It wouldn't be the first time a track was closed due to a new neighborhood and the residents complaining about the noise. Just ask those who live in the Spanaway area. Neighborhoods closed in around the track, and they cried about the noise, so they closed the track, and it is now another neighborhood. It's as if folks don't realize where they are moving, or what they are moving in next to. I can see not allowing a new track next to a neighborhood, but to close one down because a neighborhood pops up next to one is bullshit.
When the county has to record 20 million opposing emails 😂
Been here since the first corvette exhaust turbo whistles. This seems intentional by the company planning to build. They know the residents will complain and they want them to. And if everything fails and the track is gone, they're gonna be right there to scoop up the land and shove in more "copy and paste" McMansions. I wish I knew more about law and zoning but it's not my cup of tea at all. You got my vote man. Best of luck to you and the boys👍🇺🇲🏁
Interesting....so they want all those peoples do their sht on the streets again?😈
can we move there ? collectively?
we crash their stock easy
I say only race fans should be allowed to move that close to the freedom factory, I'd gladly move next door with or without a wall as I love the sound of V8s screaming in the morning. plus you could promote events to them and have an increase in ticket sales man, you have options if they build it.
I agree with Cleetus 100%. It is ridiculous with the amount of property within Manatee County that they would have to build a high density residential development next to a race track. Something like light industrial or warehouses would seem to be a better fit for this property.
the city can supply it  you shouldnt speak to them dont waste your time these people dont care , get your lawyer to speak for u this a legal battle not a cletus battle . when they talk to u get them to talk to your lawyer / drag it on make it unobtainable to them
Unfortunately money talks....and common sense is dead BTW emails sent!
Kill dozer round 2.....
What's most ridiculous about this whole thing is that, as a resident of SW Florida, I know for a FACT that snowbirds will move there knowing the situation, and STILL make noise complaints. I fully support you Garrett, and I hope to be able to continue coming to your events with my family and friends
Hey Garrett, just wanted to let you know that I called your governors office and asked them to look into saving your track. I will be calling them every week until you say otherwise. Good luck, and I hope this helps
Dude... Just imagine how many times you said in your videos "it's so louuuddd" Hopefully they cancel planning. But I do think future of drag strip is not good. They know they can make alot more money from personal property tax then you can from drag strip. It's all about $
Bro, just buy all of that Land!
The race track was there first. The developers made a bad decision developing in that area knowing it was going to be an issue.
SEND E MAILS AND SHARE THIS TO NO END !!!
A guy near me built a go kart track on his property. Went through all the legal processes and had all the permits and whatever. Within the opening year he was shut down because of noise complaints. Good luck bro. I hope you can keep it going!
It's a 50/50 shot in all honesty. Depending on how much was in that white envelope that the housing development has been handing out.  You need to get a lawyer and file a preliminary injunction and get ready for a battle.
Colorado has this problem with Bandimere and Red Rocks. All the rich people moved in and demanded changes to the races and how loud concerts can be.
Support from OR.  Good luck!!!
Going to be hard to fight the money and corruption that it brings with it.  Good luck.
I would make sure to dig up individual examples of historical race tracks in this situation and what happened to them.  The general statement can get lost and just rolls off the examples.  The individual examples can pull at the heartstrings more.
Done just sent the email out we're all in this together brother hell yeah 👍
Fence along the track boundary, noise fencing on the property boundaries adjacent to the track and a planted buffer strip between with large tree species. It should be all paid for by the developer and when a person purchases a block in the new subdivision, it's their choice if they want to purchase.
Cletus bub it’s all about tax revenue there gonna do it on there benefit not anybody’s else’s
These idiots going to run out of food to eat I’m the U.S lol we need agriculture farm land on how things are going and yes we need homes, but wouldn’t sky skyscrapers work better?
Just learn constitutional law/natural law then you won't even have to pay taxes on your property. There is always a remedy. Look up yusef el or Alphonse hear on YouTube. You have enough popularity that would actually make America aware of the actual law of the land. You could help a lot of people if you took the time to look into actually defending your rights
You stated common sense facts.. Its a toss up at this point forward.
They have to build a house on every flipping corner
The problem is 3 fold. First, there's too many people. Second, not enough housing. Then the government will make more money off housing, from taxes, than a race track. So you have a battle to fight here.
Big $$  vs. Small $$
Garry Michel  who is garry Michel  🤔
Exactly what happened with Orange County International Raceway in Irvine California and Riverside International Raceway in Southern California . People moved next to a racetrack and complain about the noise.
Good luck brother big business don't stop for the every day folks, you have some fame time to use those connections, good luck😚
Get a deal with an earplug company
Buy the land
Bill Gates is the Biggest Farmland Owner in the USA .. Especially in Florida ..  He has been buying up Citrus Groves and  will  turn them into Residential plats eventual.   Gates   claims  he wants to save the planet  by forcing people to eat  synthetic meat and bugs..  He things   raising animals for meat is bad for the environment..    The EAssist way for the  Government to remove the Native Americans  from the Wester USA  was  to  Give out Free Ammo to Buffalo Hunters and Promote the shooting of every one of the 70 Million Buffalo in North American .. If the  Native Americans have no food it's much easier to control them .
That’s the amazing part…the same bougie people who decry street racing and all it brings are the same bougie people moving out of the city closing our tracks.
Have you and the developer take trip out to the Pahrump motor race complex out here in Nevada. He would be impressed. You have enough fans and supporters to create a a buffer zone composed of race fans and racers. Presell the lots just to show interest something like this would this generate. I think you would there are people that would love the sound of horse power and freedom all night long brother. Maybe even do a tie in with a home builder to build custom homes with race car garages and direct access to the track! Do it for Dale!
This is the exact thing that happened to Rolla raceway at the Phelps county fairgrounds in Rolla Missouri just northeast of I-44 Speedway if I recall an injunction was placed on it in the 80s and has been in place ever since which sucks because it's actually a very nice track that reminds me of nashville fairgrounds
I don't believe anyone in a position like your in has ever won a  thing like this unfortunately no matter how hard you fight the council will always get there way
That goblin's face in the background, from the thumbnail.
A 25 foot thick wall?????? They are trying to bankrupt you before they force you to destroy the racetrack. Spiteful nasty people have infiltrated and taken over city councils and force their bills on you. To many drag strips and ovals have been shut down this way in the last 30 years. Someone buys the property, knowing full damn well there is already an established race track sitting there. And then turn around and bitch about the noise. The land buyer are in cohoots with these city councils. $$$$$$$$
can i do this as a not us resident?
Good luck fighting this. We live in a small town with a dirt track and can hear them racing across town most weekends. Years ago we lived right next to it. But the people here accept it as part of the area. I definitely don’t expect the same to happen for a brand new neighborhood of probably $300k+ homes to feel the same.
So street racing is illegal and you give the public a way to not have to street race and they pull this dumb shit 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
ahhh the greenmaffia with there ''green'' 2030 agenda again. This is happening worldwide. Here in the Netherlands our government is taking farmersland for the so called ''greater good'' reduction of nitrogen emissions. But the real reason is that they want there land to build houses for immigrants. Keep up the fight! greatings from a dutch fan.
I live 4.1 miles from Casino Speedway, WISSOTA racing action on the fastest 1/4 mile dirt track in the Northern Plains. I can hear it.
Pay the jury lol, that's how it works, how do you think it was voted 5-1
They can't tell us to keep the racing on the track, and then shut down all the tracks. That's like saying "Don't like Twitter or Facebook? Go make your own platform!" And then somebody DOES make their own platform, and then the people behind Twitter and Facebook turn around and go, "Wait a second! You're not allowed to do that!"
Get the Jews out of government and lobbying and America will thrive again.
I hope and pray they keep these tracks protected. They are an endangered species and such an important part of American history to keep alive.
This is too bad man. It happens everywhere.  Squeeze homes and residential into any space they can
Let’s go brothers full on support behind cleet we all know as car guys how much happiness this man has brought to all of us for years ❤
What pisses me off about stuff like this people want to move into these areas with already existing structures airports, racetracks and many more loud areas and then complain about the "noise".  They need to build else where or get the hell over it.
That dyke in the background only likes drag racing with RuPaul.
I literally was just right past there for the 1st time
I’m 10k from a drag strip and can hear the glorious top fuellers on a Saturday evening
Why am I just seeing this today
Every time they complain about street racing then when public are given oppertunity to race on tracks but now they need to close them down.
So ridiculous. Same thing is happening in new zealand with bay park stadium nzs best and biggest dirt/clay race track with plenty of usa outlaws visting often
I would rather keep it as agricultural land. Food over furniture is a better way of thinking. If you have a county boundary and you overpopulate that county, it shows irrespective county management.   This is what is called "Over - Integration" (an unforseen overlapping of boundaries).  This type of development is why some lone villages get swallowed and integrated as part of neighbouring towns, thus losing independence. And that, in turn, is how small towns grow into big cities. We have these boundaries in the UK, known as county boundaries.  Without boundaries, there will be no significance between villages, towns, and cities, hence why there are boundaries in place to prevent over - integration.  Buildings "Outside" These boundaries are placed so that any pollution (be it Air or Noise) is not within effective reach of domestic households or places expecting a large population gathering day by day.  These facilities have the same rights as the industries and domestic shops in villages or towns that they are situated or attached to.  In this application, it suits the appeasement of the residents.  Building residential buildings next to established land or on agricultural land stated as agricultural use would be unsuitable for residence and is therefore deemed "unconstitutional"  I rest my CASE.  (I am in no circumstance legally trained, nor hold a degree or doctorate to support the information that I gave stated. I am a normal man with a normal education background)  Peace Garrett.  I hope that the racetracks and the land around it, stay as they are and were intended to be.  "A Racing Facility with Significant History, surrounded by agriculture and beautiful scenery".
If was me I would have bought the land be4 it was a issue   I wouldn't fight them building it  I would stipulate that it can only be built if it never interferes with the race track and put laws into that effect   I would even go feather and advertise it as a race town/neighborhood and I would keep all the roads as private property sos that can saport the track   People living near the track doesn't have to be a bad thing and just because there's housing doesn't mean it has to be for living   Imagine u can have a whole township of houses for your racers to use means u can have even more races than normally could because can workshop and wait outside track etc   Maybe the best way since it's America is to say if it is to become anything other than it is that a HOA would need to be made with u as king of it and any property rental or ownership would have to be though this hoa or it can't be aloud   Make sure the whole area stays private property so you can self govern roads etc as bonus   Can't loose with that
Hey Cleeter..can I oppose this from New Zealand 🇳🇿? . I'm not American and not a resident of the USA but I OPPOSE.
You're going to be facing headwinds here.  You see a racetrack and the owner of the neighboring space sees millions of dollars in real estate.   You don't have a lot of time, you need to get a hot shot legal defense team immediately.
Great job 👏 👏👏
The same happens to us in the aviation community when housing pops up next to airports ...mail sent
th globe needs housing. your not special.
How's a fence gonna stop noise is it a bubble fence will  it fully enclose the track. Wow man I hope they don't  run u out your keeping the American  dream alive
I can tell you showing up in mass works. I've been there and gotten legislation quashed when we had several hundred people show up. Another thing you can do is bring up different aspects of why it's bad. #1, you are eliminating good farm land. #2. You will increase the cost of policing the area. #3. You will be disrupting the bee population. etc. Even if some of these ideas seen strange or "out there" the more reasons you give NOT to do something the better it is for your side. Because each person on that panel has a bias. To you the bee thing might be dumb and to all but one of the board it might be dumb. But to the one person who keeps bees or is into that, it's important. Same for all the issues. You need to bring as many aspects so that each one person on the board is influenced. In fact get the names of the people the board and dig into their interests. Find out what they are interested in and see if you can present an argument to them that will sway their vote. The guy who doesn't have a rats ass about the bees might be a law and order guy and he knows the police are already spread thin. And so on. Find the topics that each one of them care about and present at least one person on that topic and how the new plan will effect that topic.
Does it matter if I'm a desoto county resident? I'll definitely email these ppl, been going to that track since I was a kid. Would like for my son to be able to say the same thing when he's a man
Buy the land and develop a subdivision called Raceland.
Inmobiliaries are a cancer
4,000 homes have much more revenue value for the municipality than the tracks do. You've already lost, but I'm sure you know that. Sent an e-mail anyway.
This is exactly what killed off englishtown racetrack in NJ
It's not the future owners of homes. But the developers.  Living next to an airport and growing up on military bases, I'm used to loud noises. When a neighbor has a party my only request is don't block my car.  I'd love to live next to a racetrack!
I got you Cleet, emails sent!
Can people from different country to do this as well?
I wish you all the luck in the world but unfortunately they already know what they are going to do.  I've seen it happen so much.  They will act like they are so interested in hearing your side of the story but they are not.  They already know what they're going to do.  I've been in two situations where we have had to fight for the right to keep something.  And they both were the exact same process as what you are doing right now.  They acted so interested in what we had to say and after spending hundreds of thousands of dollars collectively they voted us down and had absolutely zero interest in what we had to say.  Never took one bit of testimony from our side into consideration.  The unfortunate truth is that they are going to do what they want to do.  I would be willing to bet they are presenting to you guys like they are very interested in what you have to say.  Almost to the point that it's over board.  But they aren't interested in your side at all.  It's horrible but it's how things work.
Keep fighting mate I hope they don't get the best of you.
The track was a pre-existing entity and as such should be able to operate. Let's be real, you're going to lose as the developer and the NIMBY crowd has way deeper pockets. That said, try to work with them. You do your fence/berm and every house within xxx feet of the complex has to have sound deadening when built. Get a sound engineer to figure this stuff out. Our house has spray foam insulation and is pretty much dead quiet so I'd be exploring options like that.   With the "housing crisis" you can bet they are going to build. Every house they build is going to add more to the tax base way more than the track can generate. Email sent to everyone you listed!
It starts with a curfew and ends in bankruptcy. I'm so sick of people moving in next to a racetrack and then crying about the noise.
i saw how manatee county is trying to do this on fb, that pissed me off, i grew up at desoto speed way, regardless if its yours now or not, those memories still exist, they dont need to shut it down, they need to take the idea of shutting it down else where
I would go straight to Ron the governor, he will sort it out, look into who is on the board and what contacts they got with the developer
some other track somewhere else..
25ft of anything ain't gonna quiet shit down. CAPITAL Raceway in Crofton, MD you can hear on Friday night test & tune over 2 miles away thru thick woods/hills. They have to shutdown by 10pm and been hearing rumors of pressure from surrounding residents. You're 1,000% right people will move in and then expect you to shutdown even though you were there first. AMERICAN way. Stand strong and maybe your internet stardom will help flex your muscles and win. Love you man! You doing good people shit.
Your gonna have to bribe a couple of officials. He who has the biggest wallet wins.
Hoping for the best...best of luck..
Look up O.l.f. field on Whidbey Island, idiots buy a house within the flight path of Navy planes doing touch and goes. Then file lawsuit after lawsuit to shut down the airfield, one that has been in operation since 1943. If I were a betting man, I imagine the same happens to your racetrack.
WHISTLIN! HELP RALLY THE TROOPS, BROTHER!
The housing crisis is out of control. The problem will be those homes will complain about the racetrack noise and the amount of crime and theft will go up. This is absolutely rediculous they want to build homes there. Maybe a couple hotels but not homes
I live in Australia so like not gone make it bruz but fuck yeah people turn up
When is the email due??
We lost my local track (myrtle beach speedway, Dale JR’s track growing up) due to neighbors complaining, and developers buying the land to build houses. Track was demolished, the land still sits empty to this day. I’m pretty sure the complaining neighbors just talked to the right person to tear the track down and leave it an empty lot. Absolutely sad. We CANT let this happen to FF!!!
Those people that voted for the development - how many of them have financial interest in this development?
Stand strong! You are 100% correct!
Look at how disgruntled that chick looks in the thumbnail. You want to do what in my town?? Keep fighting, go for a grandfather clause so those developers can't say anything because YOU were there first. We recently lost our track in our town because of some stupid developers moving in. A piece of our town died because of people that never grew up here.
Good luck fighting the greed of your Government.
Dam he spoke so well great economy of words straight to the point 👌 Cleet for governer 💯 I'm from Australia tho
Lol.. should of bought the land next to the track too :P it's a shame money is power, you are not gonna win when the developers have them in their pocket.
we had a guy tyhat wanted to build where our drag strip  was and wanted it gone so we created a petition too keep it and we got enough signatures to keep it
I know your all patriotic garret. But this country and its laws are garbage. eminent domain. You own nothing and will like it.
Contact the railroad lawyers !! My dad retired from there. There has to be something you can do man. I’m in Daytona and anything I can help with I am here. Also have family in bradington
Bud those property developers are going to be dishing out backhanded $ to the planners...happens all the time...hope you win your appeal👍...much respect from zimbabwe 🇿🇼🇿🇼🇿🇼
The developers lie in my hometown they lied to a 300 house neighborhood they hear the track and tried to shut it down didnt happen and come to findnout the shady developers got lawsuits over and over and went bust but they deserve it they bought the land for pennys on the dollar
Damn that sucks that should absolutely not be approved the idiot who is petitioning for such a stupid zoning change should be drawn and quartered
Get a couple of your rich buddies an go buy the whole dame place an then invite me for the idea
Is there any way of buying the land? I'm sure that would come as a huge huge cost but could be an option
We are always behind you guys and will help as much as possible fuck the hater’s
Done. I’ve emailed them.  I hope you pull through this cleeter. We love everything you’ve done dude. Don’t let this stop you   Stand together ❤
It's stupid how they can think oh this is ok that we rezone agricultural land to be for housing.  People are fucking stupid and greedy as hell.
Lol freedom factory lol
DONE SENT EMAILS
I have had to deal with them!  God's Speed!
Good luck hope this plays out in your favour
I truly despise developers. Same crap happened at the Waterford track here in Michigan a couple years after it was built back in the late 50’s. Still around and I love the track, but same crap.
Thats how we lost Rocky Mountain Raceways here in Utah. We can't lose the Freedom Factory and Bradenton Motorsports. It's all people like us who've lost our racetracks have left.
a 25ft high fence is not gonna stop the noise of a race track moron, the sound carries for about 8-10 miles, your screwed dude
I HIGHLY recommend talking about how the affect of closing a racetrack leads to more unregulated street racing. Allowing people a source to “get it out of their system” being removed will cause damage to the community, lives of people included.
My local dragway shut down last year because of this exact reason
I live 5 miles away from Area 27 I can here the cars lol
Could try to make a 500+ft sign that says this is a RACE TRACK in view of the housing development.  would be a ton of houses without any buyers
If u dont wanna hear noisy race cars dont buy a house next to a racecar completely logical 😂
I feel like another point you could make is how the race tracks keep law abiding citizens… law abiding citizens. The car community is massive and they love and live for speed, if there isn’t race tracks people will be speeding on public roads illegally. Adding that neighborhood would make the roads more dangerous.
All the way from cape town south africa we are having the same problem here...so yes i appose to this homes support from south africa
They should pay for every thing it's them doing it all f them every body save the freedom factory don't let cleetas loss the content we miss so much
I approve his message ,but not hers!
So why not buy the land surrounding your racetrack.. can't have a shifty neighbor if you own it all.
Lived my entire life at Raceway park in NJ. Same issue. It’s closed now.
I did email them ... from the Atlanta area ... Atlanta Dragway is GONE do to something very closely related to that.  A foreign owned battery company (SK Battery America) bought the land for "affordable" housing for its employees & future employees.  Let's not lose another!!
Math is math and money is money sir. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news.  But 4,000 homes will bring in all kinds of money for that county and the state it self.   The race track will be dwarfed and then eventually shut down.   You might as well start making plans to building some buildings on n your own property and try to generate money that way.   A strip mall, a factory, a gas station. What ever.   You need to look head. They will build these homes and you will eventuality be forced to move the track.   Can’t beat them? Join them and build some homes on your lot also.
hopefully the developers connections aren't better than yours.    one business owner vs. another.   too bad the area won't zone commercial and have that area developed in a way that would be beneficial for both the town and you
if the destroy the racetrack I going to live there buy 5 car with modified exhaust and doing burnouts in the street at 3am they will know what is disturbences
Very well spoken!
Purchase the homes closest to the track (if you can) and make them track front stay homes with private access.
Guys land is about to be worth 10x with the development
4,000 homes of people who are not locals, people who don’t respect racing, people who don’t care about the history of that land/area. People and their agenda just don’t care anymore.  Good luck to you, brother! You have my support!!
Sorry but your county wants the income from those rat homes and your income does not even come close
Let me know what I can sign to help
Government doing what they do best taking away all are fun so stupid
Being Florida one of two things is going to happen: 1) someone high-up in gov't has money in this deal and will back out realizing this might sour the profit or 2) someone high-up in gov't will be given a huge payday under the table to make sure this goes thru with the intent on shutting it down.  Might be a great time to find out if any of those county commissioners and/or their kids are Freedom Factory fans and milk it for all it's worth.
I'm almost 80.........I know how this turns out.
Hmmm this is very funny... cause.... hmmp. Did ya fight this hard when...
I am a scientist and by the way the noises just gonna bounce of those walls and the walls are gonna make even more noise for the neighbours😂
Happened to the local track near me people moved in and the track was shut down within the year
From Indiana we support you Garrett! Save the tracks!
Endangered ducks man…😅
People buy houses next to golf courses and have to put big nets up to protect their house. But they still do it. I would rather listen to some amazing drag cars than have a golf ball through my window
Our race tracks were shut down for no good reason many years ago. During this time also the sad and frustrating closure of one of the biggest venues in this part of the USA and of historical importance and that was the idaho state university mini dome...world famous bands appeared for years. This brought a cultural and financial benefit that had no religious bias here to a community that is very well known to have a religious bias that now has sadly damaged many innocent life long and long time residents without regard. I support your goal to keep our history and keep an inherent, very American activity.
I hate that I saw this video too late. I would have sent an email immediately. Hopefully the support you did get was enough..
No.
Taxes on 4k homes are way more than they'll ever get from you. That's unfortunate for this area. Don't agree to pay for anything to decrease the noise level. It will only be used against in a way that you technically agree, the track is too loud.
Your race track was there first, fuck those scumbags. Make them pay for it if they really want a burm. It was a race track before those dirtbags got there.
This same thing happened in Erwindale California, where  the city tried to close tried to close the Erwindale Race Way/Speed Way, because a land developer decided to build a development next to the race track, but I guess the race track won since they are still operational.
I think that race tracks like yours are important, because it keeps the people who would other wise be racing on public roads off the public roads and into your race tracks.  Your county should consider letting you keep that race track just to keep people from racing on public roads.
Good luck Garret, we are all behind you.
Sell your property and move on. Nows the time to profit from it.. probably get more than the property’s actually worth.. start over somewhere new with a bunch of cash in your pocket.
Can wait to watch this Racing Community version of Yellowstone to unfold.
Why I am not seeing big supporters of environmental climate change?  This right here will make more sense than what vegans try to tell us about eating meat.  This right here and airplanes are the top polluters.
Damn I'm sorry I missed this meeting this morning.
The real estate industry is absolutely wrecking Florida. The out of control land speculation by foreigners and American investors who are not Florida residents is driving up cost of living to where the majority of working folks cant afford to live in decent neighborhood, which in turn makes it harder to hire people because they have to be paid that much more in order to afford rent. You can't live anywhere in Manatee county for less than $2k per month rent plus utilities, unless you live in a section 8 neighborhood. In addition it incentivizes these scumbag developers to bulldoze farmland and areas where wildlife should be conserved. There is ZERO reason for 4500 homes to be out there. There is PLENTY of room for homes to be built much closer to Bradenton, but those properties won't satiate these developers greed.  There needs to be a minimum 35% SALE-PRICE-BASED annual property tax on all residential and commercial property that only Florida residents and businesses registered and wholly owned by Florida residents are exempt from. NON-PRO-RATED. Meaning you buy property in Florida, you pay the entire 35% for your first year up front, regardless if you sell the property 2 months later.  That will bring a FAST end to the spiraling cost-of-living and out of control land prospecting in Florida. Any jackass can become a real estate agent, and most of them are exactly that, jackasses and grossly incompetent. That tells you right there that the real estate industry need to be addressed. Create a FREE statewide MLS site for consumers on a .gov site. Impose MASSIVE fees on all privately run MLS sites. Impose a MASSIVE statewide property tax on all property not owned by Florida residents. Fix Florida's cost of living problem
Even the vibration of the racing it will also hurt the structure integrity of those new homes
Dude looks exactly as inbred as expected.
Build a mock up wall and invite the commission to the track to stand on the other side while you make a pull in leroy, and take Db measurements on either side
I lived 3.5miles from a racetrack as the crow flies growing up and you could hear it if you were outside easily but not inside. Building homes there is unbelievably unwise for the potential homeowners almost rude to them even for creating such a problematic situation. Shame!
You CANNOT trust planning commissioners.  They have their lips so far up developer's rear ends that mere reason doesn't reach their ears -- because those too are somewhere in the colons of the developers.
What happens with this depends ENTIRELY on who gives what money to the politicians who approve it.  If the owners of that land give more money to the politicians for their re-election, then they will get it.  It won't matter what is going on with the race track.
This is some real life yellowstone shit.
I don’t do social media please tell me something good happened! 🤜🤛👍🙋🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤦‍♂️🌿
Sad to say but these city officials don’t GAF.
529K subscribers donate $100 each that's $52,900,000 dollars. Lets buy that property and protect it!!!
😵😵😵
This crap happened to many tracks. Laguna seca has suffered greatly due to retarded people moving near a racetrack then complaining. Now they are very limited in the number of events.
Felt this one in my soul. I live in Texas and I'm watching all the farmland around me turn into suburbs, filling  in  the wide open spaces with McMansions... Not much about what I loved about it here is left, all destroyed by invaders.
No one gonna slow down the subdivisions in Florida it’s a beast that eats everything, pack your bags.
Do i have to?
I hate politicians, let's build more houses people can't afford and ruin a business that was already there, I believe we experienced this before and a guy built a bulldozer. JFFT
Homes v. race tracks
Race tracks are disappearing at a depressing rate. And the sad part is there is absolutely nothing we can do about it. We can try but realistically its pointless. With all the climate crisis propaganda going around its convincing most people that race tracks and gas and diesel powered vehicles are killing the planet even though there is not a shred of evidence to support that. Enjoy the few remaining race tracks left while we still have them.
They want to put up a fence let them put up a fence I don't understand what the issue is if people want to put up a wall then pay for the money if they want to put up a wall if it's bothering houses where there's a race car track common sense it's going to be noisy but it's not going to be noisy all the time but you work with that you know that's what happens when there are racetracks and golf courses and you know or basketball courts or stadiums you know as part of life you deal with things some people might complain but there's not much you can do or you move somewhere else if you don't like where you're living or your people are putting you know houses up and and stuff instead of having common sense and moving somewhere else there you know being stupid and greedy and selfish and putting it right by that now race car track I mean that's just a no-brainer why would you want to move a whole bunch of houses right there and cause a bunch of problems because they have money and they're wealthy and they can b**** and complain and be stupid I don't know I can't read I just understand the videos and certain things and makes no sense to me it's just communication people common Sense work together you know simple way to solve it there's a pencil needs to be put up then put it up and whoever is building you know the thing they should pay for it because they're the one causing the problem you know so if it's whoever is the one bitching complaining should be paying for the fence point blank you know that's just common sense and specially if they have the money why not you know and then that means it's on their property that means they own the fence and everything and or if it's on your phone you know your yard your fence your property and then you get the money for it whatever I don't know just you guys are adults guys need to start acting like it everybody and have common sense you know it's not about the money sometimes that's about you know the kids it's about family it's about friends it's about having good memories and stuff and good times and not tear down and and destroy property because you want to make a couple thousand bucks to build houses you know sometimes you know you need it take a step back from the big picture and look at the screen view and everything and realize it's better opportunity around the area to build houses without disturbing anybody without bothering anybody without arguing and Pickering like children and be adults and communicate about arguing and fighting and who owns this and who's paying for this and that and then everything you know sometimes maybe just work together and just come up with a simple plan 50/50 or whatever I don't know but hey good luck hopefully you guys solve the issue and maybe need to get a sky view of everything by one of those little helicopter things with a camera so you got a better view of everything so you have more of an Outlook of the property line and they're probably lying and where it is and where there isn't not just a piece of paper you actually can see and where it begins and goes and everything and I'll try everything try everything on top of everybody else getting your ideas but try that yeah I'm running a little little plane helicopter camera things so you get a sky view you can't get a helicopter or some kind of plant you know above you to look down at the ground besides that good luck God bless and I hope everything works out bro 🤔🙏👌🏁🎄😤🇺🇲🍀💯 and just sad 🤣😭 people are doing it right around the holidays.
Cletus get hold of of me. My 2 friends are the Commissioners In manatee county. He’s the head. Please get hold of me
Sun Prairie, WI has an old clay track for midget and sprint cars and it is literally downtown.  People move here and then bitch about the noise which only occurs on Sunday nights in the summer.  Piss off morons!
Every zoning official that is favor of this proposal should spend a day at the track.  If you think a berm will curtail the noise, you'll find out very quickly that it will have little impact. Better yet, purchase a home next to the track.
A 1.35 billion dollar home development, they did that here all the land that was “not usable” now has homes being built on them. Corners of highways, main intersections. They cleared out homeless people to build apartments. At 300k per house it’s 1.35 billion dollars at stake. They are going to put way more then 3 per acre. Everybody pockets going to get lined. At 400k per house that’s almost 2 billion. They are going to try to buy the track too.
See this is the problem with town or city officials. The tracks there first, im sure you bring huge interest to the area. This is like building a house next to an airport and complaining about the sound of planes. It's not right to make an established business do something different or close because you're stupid and built a house next to it. Good luck guys keep fighting, small wins for average people is what will make things better in this country.
Unfortunately property taxes on 4500 homes will generate a LOT of revenue for the county which is all they care about. Maybe they can delay the development near the track until the other side of the property is built out. It could be a decade before any houses are near the track if they plan it right. i feel your pain. Govt sees property tax $ and all logic goes out the window.
Man I work out there in all of those new developments. They’re building everywhere. Hate to see you being affected by this.
The amount of tracks that shut down here in Australia because developers built too close to them, then people complained and had them shutdown, is fucking disgusting. They have been purposely driving out motorsport as much as possible, unless of course it's the F1, in which case they just shut down a huge chunk of city street to perform the racing on. What's the difference? F1 and money. I hope you win your case, but I don't have high hopes. They'll build there because fuck you, and people will complain about the noise, and you'll get shut down. I hope you can fight it.
Look at you trying to be relevant in society
That lady looked pissed
CALL DESANTIS !
Email sent
Keep it going man. I'm glad to see the channel and your impact on race cars grow. Keep fighting man!
Those homes are going to be worth as a whole about 1.5 billion averaging 350k per home. These fuckers don't care about heritage. Doesn't look to me.
I worked about 5 miles away from Richmond International Raceway and no matter the fence or the bigger stands, you can still hear the racecars from that far away.
They don't care about your track...they see $$$$ with 4,500 new homes on the tax role.  If each one of those homes pays $3,000 in property taxes, that is $13,500,000 a year in tax revenue.
They did that to a track over here in Bryan,Tx  they started moving homes in and then people started complaining and Hot Rod Hill got shut down don’t let them get you Cletus good luck with your fight
you need a dozer and some steel?
i deliver building materials for a living and these dang home builders have gotten out of hand shoving that many home in 1 area is so normal now and next to a race track they know what theyre doing
Brother, good luck. I wish I heard earlier
You may want to consider saying that if these homes are built, the people that go to the track will transition  to racing on the streets if Bradenton MS park and the freedom factory close. And that is that the whole prevention purpose of these tracks in the first place. Love you Garrett, I hope u consider mentioning it. Sorry I can't make it. Changing 2 head gaskets on a V6 mini van lol
dude….you say you “lost” that one? Really? That’s fucking crazy talk! From my perspective it looks like you’ve begun a revolution. Check back with me when you can to tell me “I told you so “ Stay awesome 👍
I'd like to say. Zoning and planning kills family farms and businesses every day.
Email sent from the UK, for all the good it'll do!  Hell yeah brother!!
Here in Hawaii  Oahu where most of the residents of Hawaii live we get no race track Hawaii race way had a huge history and it was sad to let it close  Now we get street racing every all over   Hawaii has the first legal drift event in the country it’s crazy how things change
The old owner knew about this...!!
I'll put on my shiney shoes and go down to manatee, but I want to get un banned from the freedom factory. Y'all paint balled me!!! I'm not heavyD I didn't ruin the freedom 500!!!!!
Facilities like this help keep dangerous racing off the streets,,, the only way to beat this is to purchase the adjacent land around the track to prevent residential development,,,,, it is very important to protect the car culture and the racing industry from the climate and emission hoax being pushed as a tool to eliminate motor sports,,,the aftermarket auto industry is a multi million dollar industry that employs thousands of people who support their families,,,,and if climate and emission carbon footprint was truly a concern they would be targeting the politicians who use private commercial planes as there daily means of transportation that burns 14 thousand litres of fuel per hour,,, think about that for second,,,,commercial passenger planes burn 14 thousand litres an hour,,, and they claim race cars that burn 4 litres per pass are the problem....and what percentage of the oil and gas industry is owned by politicians who line there pockets with billions of dollars, and now there pushing electric vehicles green energy hoax that destroys millions of acres of land using combination engine heavy vehicles to harvest lithium for the batteries. Al Gore started the climate hoax agenda for political and financial gains,  That have funded billions of dollars in research and created thousands of government jobs that lined the pockets of politicians based on assumptions and paid for false facts from a government who has created and experimented with weather altering projects like cern and harp that has caused more environmental impact then anything a tree hugher who watches CNN could possibly understand,,,, I apologize for my rant lol but I feel better
I’m calling John Dutton.  Lol.
THE COMMISSION LOVES THE TRACK!!! YESSS!!  Ffff those builders!!!
Well I don't have the funds to fly on over there since it's already past due and today's the 15th but I got your back 100% brother man let's keep our tracks open
We got your back brother man just let us know what you need
Time to get the word out anybody and everybody we all love racing y'all love the freedom factory in Florida time to go protest and get your butt on down there start getting some paperwork sign let's get this freedom factory to stay alive long with all the rest of our racing tracks
Growth for the sake of growth is the mindset of the cancer cell. Stop developing rural lands!
So what you're saying is you need everybody to pitch in and come over and save the freedom factory and everything else in our other racing tracks I ain't watching another racing track die anybody and everybody if you're close to the freedom factory an racing and I think we all need to get together and save the freedom factory in all our racing tracks
There's a small race track near a place I lived as a kid, I could hear it a mile away and it was awesome. Might have to limit the exhaust db for neighbors sanity. The track will survive
Support!,,,,,,
Email Sent Brotha!
Damn...seen this video to late
Wish I could help  But live Ireland  I went to the track many years ago While on holiday With a mate We had a great night  Best of luck with your struggles and hope everybody else can help one saying good luck good luck good luck
Great to meet you and George today. Thanks for the shoutout vids to the girlfriend, guys. Class acts! Wish it had gone fully in our favor, but they all seemed to be heavily on-board with defending the future of the track.
Notice how they pulled the video from today?
Live Free and survive 💪
They really think a 25 foot wall is going to do anything for the sound of race cars. I live in Ohio and live 2 Miles away from the nearest drag strip and there is hills that go up to 100 foot high between were I live and the track and I still hear the drag races... I support racing all my life anything that involves car's. There is no way a 25 foot wall is going to do anything for the sound of the races... Good luck cleatus America needs the freedom factory...
I mean, here in Australia we have race tracks surounded by housing areas, its not a drag strip but i live 350m from a race track.
They removed the public meeting video, they are scared.
Um can a non American vote to because im south African and i stand with you guys for the race track
An Oppose Email has been sent Cletus, I wish you best of luck
This happens all over. Someone builds a subdivision down wind from a third generation hog farm then starts bitching because it smells like shit.
Garrett if you see this. See if you can reach out to the owner of Dominion Raceway in Thornburg Va. he was able to get a special noise ordinance exemption with the county because they wanted him to build. If I remember correctly it protects him from lawsuits for a certain period of time.
So they want to build next to a racetrack, but want to cut off the noise.  So move next to a farm, but do not want to smell the shit.
Everybody ask yourself a personal question. Is it more important to have a place to live or watch a group of guys stay rich and destroy cars in the process of trying to kill themselves and pollute the environment? I'd like to see how the Free Dumb factory is helping that community for real. The real truth.
I bet if this nonsense came with the threat that every local and state official would be under a federal microscope if this passed it would fold like a fat woman in a wicker chair!! Find the kickbacks, that's what it's about!!!
We're having similar issues in the UK, with race tracks but even more so with music venues so i feel your pain. People moving near a venue that has been making noise since before they were even born and complaining. It would be incredible if the people in power had any sort of spine and told them to do one.  Best of luck to you! I'd hate to see the content coming out of that place stop, and plan to head there when i get chance to visit the US.
What’s more important, your bullshit car content and mindless recreation, or actual HOMES for people to live in?
Save the tracks! 🇺🇸
Bulldoze that shit. The only people that want to live around one of those annoying ass death traps are rednecks and uneducated sportsmen. Hopefully that'll lead to a decline in those populations.
How did it go?
When it comes down to it. The county, city, state doesn’t care about racetracks. 4500 homes equals a lot of tax dollars.  I wish you nothing but the best. I hope you can pull this off and make this win. It will be a huge win for the racing community 🇺🇸
Play the loudest motor sounds you can find on your loud speakers all day between the times it’s allowed. No one will buy 1 house from that area.
Very well spoken!!!!! Happy to send an email, unfortunately can make it in person.
We lost our local racetrack to warehouses we didn't need. Don't give up the good fight.
Corporations own and control all so be prepared to get screwed .... good luck bud ..
why dont you and branden motorsport buy the land before they did so it was have been saved
E-mail sent Cleeter. Wish you the best of luck brother, love the content and can't go down without a fight.
I like to be optimistic but those developers have so much money there's no way you can beat them in court
You stated exactly what will happen. Homes built... families move in... then full-on Karen moms, old people, developers taking you to the shed.  Abating sound that will satisfy homeowners on the other side of a 25' wall that close to a dragstrip? Laughable. If it gets to the point of breaking ground for the development according to the drawings you presented it's over. Good Luck!!!
I dont like drag race im a road course guy but i support you 200% i wish i could help but i live in quebec canada 😪
Just reach out to the governor
Block it due to loss of OPEN SPACE
Buy the land make a new racetrack 🖕😎🖕 fuck em
I'll send those emails bro! I hope im not too late but in doing it for (Dale and McFarland) That's my brand name as of now out of respect of the two!
Freedom aint free time to cough up some money Bud  The best thing you can do is host a shit load of events get your money back then doze that fucker and move somewhere else because you meet their guidelines it's no guarantee bell allow you to stay in business
Good luck Cleetus i hope you dont have to close that would be devastating
Hey Garrett if for some God awful reason they approve this, I will personally buy as many of the houses next to the track as i can. So there will be no complaints.
Hate to say it but commisioners are probably already paid off by developers
Emails sent to each and every one of them, let's hope we save this one!
Happening to Bandimere as well. Many homes being built around it and homeowners are complaining
They'll take you more serious without the hat on
This is exactly how we lost race track in Montreal…. We have none left close enough to go lapping. Sold my car and stuff .. sad sad sad
I really do feel for not just you but all those in the community that takes people off the streets to strips like this. I wish you would have pushes the issue of either allow dedicated race tracks or get an increase of illegal racing at 2am in front of your homes. However your track against 4K homes, thousands of jobs for workers and increased community spending by 12k people if every house is 2 parents one child. It’s hard to defend what the majority see as Insignificant
At a minimum I’m quite proud to at least hear our boy Garett at the podium arguing for ALL OF US as enthusiasts.  Proud to hear his articulate arguments and look forward to more of our boy fighting along side us.  Hope for the best on all of this.  Have to be optimistic.
Garett, I'm in the UK, same thing happens here. Would it be counted if I sent an email too?
Email sent per your instructions. You are, hands down, my favorite youtuber, and I couldn't stand to see you lose A) your passion and B) your primary source of income. You're an inspiration Garrett!
Why do they keep doing this 😢
hahaha a fence or a wall??  hahahaha  i'm really starting to believe that people do not know how to use their brains anymore.  I mean come on man....ya can hear a dragstrip for miles and miles.  yeah living right next to one....that makes perfect sense.  who are these morons that have taken over this planet??!  and evem worse, they get in positions to give orders...... Hell I say let em build houses there....serves em right.   FKN blast em!!  (with the sound of 10,000hp)  If your track goes down...then FKN BLASTEM on the County Comm roads they live on late at night (with the sound of 10,000hp) ...just dont get caught ;)    they tryin to take down your place of buisness...buncha bullshit.    They get away with it every single day because nobody does anything about it.  they just whine and cry on talk radio...year after year after year about how corrupt and bad these local and national people are...... but no solutions are EVER given.   they are going to be doing the exact same thing long after we are gone and our grandchildren are gone...they will never give up that power.    and regular folk will be on talk radio still whining and complaining about how bad they are with no solutions.... respect to you for actually taking some action.  DONT STEAL. THE GOVERNMENT HATES COMPETITION!
Have sent the email to everyone on the list. From Norway. Regards, Heine Sørensen
Don't worry about them taking over that space. It will be unfortunate that if it gets to the point they actually try to break ground and bring in equipment, it will be very unfortunate that those machines accidentally go up in flames. It will be unfortunate that the under construction homes get vandalized over and over, it will be unfortunate that any potential home buyers get constant harreasment to the point they are forced to move elsewhere. They have already destroyed far too much natural land environment and chased out so much wildlife. There needs to be a stop and the time is now. We have a group in place to neutralize any of these big corporations that try to build.
Who's gonna pay for that wall?
Just offer to buy the property
Humans are getting so stupid. How about you don't build houses next to a racetrack. If we would stop carelessly and selfishly creating humans we wouldn't be in this situation. THINK ABOUT THE LIFE YOU ARE ASKING TO BE HERE!
I got you cleet
Had the same issue happen near me. Us drag racers found out the date and time of the meeting and 600 of us showed up with our street legal ready to race cars and sat in the parking lot with running engines that revved up on que. We made sure we were heard inside because of the point that we make noise. We make noise away from homes. Take that spot and where do we go? You think a wall will stop a sound that is penetrating your walls in this building. Nothing illegal or rude or malicious. But something loud and impossible to ignore that makes a very very good point about what they are going to get complaints about.
Does the vote count if I live in Australia?
This county commission board  has been bought and paid for by developers. Look at the boat ramp issue, Long bar point ( Aqua by the Bay), Elmwood Park, this, and a ton of other issues. They are all scumbags! But, no one does their research, the just vote down party lines, cause its the "cool" thing to do.
That Kruse dude has good point but want the housings, mrs.Baugh pretend to care about history but is boUGHT by SMR and due time when complaints land she will Cash in,  Satcher want the housings but don't dare to say it, Vanostenbridge pretend to care but rather see someone else decided, ms. BALLARD want to see nice houses. Bald dude Want more homes - period. Brahn talks about protection, but put it on landowners to agree.   Pass 5-2, I guess we will be watching gardening TV in a Year then...
We lost all drag tracks in CT and now its street racing.  Stupid
Cleet go live tell us your thoughts on the application decision details
Do a giveaway for ppl that participate. I’m sure that will help your cause
Good thing this video wasant released on a gosh darn Friday woulda killed my vibe. I hope everything works out and the FF stays.
In clover South Carolina, there are more homes being built in this small little town as if we didn’t have enough, idk whats so special about living on the east coast but there is way too many homes being built in this little town and its annoying how many cars are backed up every day i’m sick of it. Also our schools are being overwhelmed by the incoming population
This is exactly how Englishtown Raceway Park was closed.
Yep it’s a bad idea Texas texas drag strip kennedale close down cause of it
I just watched the smoke show, what a inspiring guy cleetus is . I hope you're successful with stopping that development and keeping ripping. Loving all the content from New Zealand.
Obviously, can you or investors buy the land first?  As far as anything else goes, best of luck! I hope for the love of motor sports that you’re able to save the race tracks.  Here in Texas, We’ve had closures due to home development, and its extremely sad. Unfortunately this will cause the future of grass roots racing to become extinct.
Unfortunate for a popular YouTuber. The man is looking to bring you down bro. They see your bringing all the influencers together and it makes them nervous.
sorta crummy to tell someone what they can or cant do with privately owned land.
The same thing has happened to General Aviation airports.  Ford Field in Fort Wayne, Indiana is a classic example of what you're dealing with.  The airport has been there for decades and yet developers built home right up to the airport boundary.  Now the airport is being threatened by a lawsuit brought by the homeowners to shut it down.  If they didn't want to live next to the airport, then live somewhere else.  Same for the developers next to the track.  BTW, I live 4 miles as the crow flies from Lucas Oil Raceway dragstrip and can hear the top fuel cars.  They're not loud at all, but If I can hear them 4 miles away, then a 25 foot wall is a waste of concrete and a flippin' joke.  Fight on brother!!!!
I am leaving Phoenix, AZ because they just shut down the last race track in the area, except  PIR for the NASCAR circuit. It's because of encroaching developments and greedy capitalism, even after the track has been and currently still is for the short term,  outside of town. Racing automobiles has always been an American tradition. If not for racing, we wouldn't have the progression of technology that bleeds down into making people's daily drivers as efficient as they are today.  Our government is trying to eliminate our ability to travel anywhere in our own conveyance. The want everyone to be able to walk, bike, or take public transportation and have everything they need within 15 minutes of their dwelling unless the government knows about your movement. Why do you think they want everyone to have these new ID's to fly? This is all about the great reset. These 15 minute communities that ban automobiles are already  being developed. Tempe, Arizona is one that has already started on one. Another chip being taking out of our freedom.
No
Let’s go Vanessa Bough! The race track comes first
Problem is theres a commisioner with a big fat brown envelope making sure this goes through. Be better of making a donation to the county commissioner.
You didn’t give a lick of tax revenue information.  Hard to take someone serious when they don’t show up with the numbers to support their argument.   Show them the data that this race track brings in more tax revenue for the city than all those houses property taxes would.   Those are the estimate numbers you need to be showin them
People would move next to a race track and then bitch about the noise.
Oh Uncle Chet!
Let’s go Lawyer Garrett
They do the same thing with airports. At one time they were built away from the population, and over time they build homes next to them and the people living there, complain about the noise they generate. It’s all a stupid game that gets played and unfortunately the ones who were there first are the ones to die.
Watching the Commission meeting livestream from England.  A lot of people have spoken very eloquently and respectfully about the impact of a housing development next door on the tracks, local businesses, the Motorsport community and the potential risks to life if street racing takes off in the event of the loss of the tracks.  Good to see people actually stand up and oppose something they strongly disagree with.  Hope you (we) get the outcome we're all looking for.  All the best.
Sent my opposition to all Email addresses.  Good Luck....
I live right down the road in zolfo springs and my wife owns a company doing exactly what you need to stop this from happening with environmental and listed species surveys and endangered species , go find some bald eagles , owls , gopher tortoises… report everything to FWC !
I'm really hoping this development doesn't happen. If it does I have faith that the local "Florida Men" that are in no way acting on behalf of the racetrack but are in fact environmentalist that will do anything and everything it takes to keep this urban sprawl at bay
“Build the wall!”
Don’t keep fighting, I deal with planning & zoning daily and the suburban family’s love to “move to the country” but then complain about the livestock, the farming operations.   A great track closed here 30 years ago when the state put in a new road and the subdivisions followed.   An awesome road course was built to only have the rich neighbor complain about the engine noise and got noise restrictions on the track before they could even host an official event.  Get a land use attorney for you, don’t let the big corporations try to push noise abatement on your property and responsibility.
Ouch, you guys are gonna blow their computers up haha all those emails are gonna fuck shit up. Good on you garrett
I wish I wasn't in Laredo on a reset right now
Problem is they want the property tax money over the money they make off the visitors to the track. It’s sad
Very well spoken my man. I'm onboard
They should just sell you the property build elsewhere and you extend the freedom factory!!? 😜🤙
You are fighting billionaires...good luck man.  They will do what they want and do not care about you.
i lived 5 miles from a dirt track in Louisiana.... you could still hear them 5 miles away........ good luck brother.
If they build there, I hope nobody buys the houses lol
It's not even race tracks,  everything that makes noises. How much shooting ranges died because people move next to them, stadiums closed, music schools, theaters, play grounds  (people forget fast their where kids). Even businesses get forced to reduce production, harm their workers (close doors and vents at night) or close because people think it's great moving next to them. Those locations are for a reason far away or in a safe distance. The worst was an RC (yes, remote control) boat club that was forced to close down because of one homeowner complaining...that they invested a lot in restoring the park and lake didn't count...one guy, 200 yards away, living next to a f****Ing 6 lane main road.
Wait could you and a number of the other YTubers purchase the land out from under them?
Dont let what happened to Englishtown Raceway in NJ happen here. 53 years of Drag strip ended in 2018 after time restrictions killed attendance.
Lol KISSS UR TRACK BY BY ITS GOOOOOOOOONE
So let's build a huge pig farm on it get it like pigs goats llamas turkeys chickens whatever stinks the most unless do it I'm in just want a million dollar lottery ticket I'm available to add 250,000 to it who wants to match me let's do it
It's been happening here at Bandimere Speedway in Colorado, and I can't stand that they allowed  houses to be built so close to the track.
I never understood how these people come in and force everything else out. The racetrack was there first for the exact reason it's being endangered right now. I wish you all the best and good luck to you.   The only cool outcome would be ALL the car people moving to that one area 😂 that would be awesome
Wish I could come along but living in the UK makes it hard! If any of you have the chance to go, please do it for the rest of us that can't make it! We are close to losing so many of our tracks here too because of people complaining about noise once they move next door to a race track...
You could hear George's BUENOS DIAAAASSSS over the proposed wall. This is honestly just embarrassing.
Anyone know some middle eastern prince that can swoop in and buy the land for cleet? Theres gotta be a few bald eagles living on that land with the freedom factory so close...
hire a lawyer and fight.
It's funny they cry about street races but want to throw off on race tracks and try to shut them down
Sorry to see whats about to happen. I think many of us seen this kind of "urban planning" so many times before. We have a funny story here is stockholm. Its a local airport and was opened 1936. So its 86 year old airport that many people love to have close by.  So they spent some 30 years to shut it down.  And its newly moved in people out of town that wants it closed.  So far people has voiced their opinion and polititians has been removed from their seats and replaced because of peoples votes. Lets keep it that way.
How much to buy that land??$$
Sorry to see this happening to you
Cletus, this development will not be built. I bet with these rate hikes that are going on will squeeze these developers into bankruptcy. Housing market is going bust!
Unfortunately the money involved and the dirty politics involved in land development makes it almost impossible to stop. If you look deep enough you will no doubtably find pay to play between the land development companies and the city/county officials.
We lost Southside Speedway just south of Richmond, VA the same exact way. 😔
All they care is 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑 no respect to anything else!
Its definitely going to happen.   Cleetus you ned to invest in electric cars and have the first electric circle track to combat the noise and so you dont lose everything
Yell out its a trans social club and you will be safe
Please whistlingdesil make a vid supporting cleetus
They should require new residents to own a race car
The land developers need to pay for th fence. This is absotly disgusting they can do this to you
This needs to be on the main channel!!!!!!
Good for you brother. Finally someone is stepping up to help this sport we all love so much
Hate to say it, but nobody cares about race tracks. The majority of folks just see us as a nuisance. I wish you the best of luck but I fear the state would rather have an arbitrary number of new homeowners paying property tax and spending their money locally every day. If you follow the money, you'll probably find the freedom factory's fate.
Smh 3 HOME OR ACRE?!?!
can we just buy the forest? Its all about the money these days.. Fuck them, im interested to get one tree if you got any!?
This happens EVERYWHERE. I live in Saskatchewan Canada. We have ONE full time drag strip in the entire province. Its been in the same place since the 50s surrounded by Ag fields. ONE guy built a house close to the end of the track and complained about the noise a lights, making all sorts of issues for track officials.   Our local gun range, which has also been in the same place for 50+ years started having large $1m+ houses built nearby in the last 10 years. The local SWAT team was forced to stop training there due to noise complaints…. So less training for them, less money for the range.   Sound mitigation can help, but it takes a LOT of time and money to implement strategies that might work. Who pays for that??? And still after putting in a ton of money to make surrounding home owners less annoyed, there’s still going to be a least one that will make it their life purpose to shut you down.
It’s not your issue they moved next to a racetrack and who doesn’t love the sound of big blocks in the morning
Our home town drag strip/drift tracks recently got closed for development and it's hearts breaking
It is always the same all over the world. Jou build something and make a little bit of money.  Than some one else comes with more money. And you have to struggle again.  Never close moor than one eye you'll be shot.
ask builder to make windows doors sound proof, with wall may help balance sound.
#32 on trending. Whoa!
This is what happen to Mazda laguna Sega raceway once houses were built near the race track people started complaining right away
Scratch that, I sent an email anyways! Every email counts!
Hey Cleetus, might be able to help you out. My production company has a client in Wesley Chapel that we helped with a similar situation. He's spent the last couple years tieing up a development project that was going to be 40 ft lots built on 1k acres of land...500 acres were natural wetlands, part of the natural water shed for the area that flowed into the river. They have issues already with flooding there so this would have been a nightmare for the area.  So far he's managed to completely stall out this developer. If you'd like I can put you in touch with him.
This happens with gun ranges all the time.  Best of the West shooting range in Liberty Hill, Texas was a big one in 2019.  They know full well what they're building next to, and they know full well they will eventually try to and probably succeed in shutting the range/racetrack down.   Good luck Cleet.
If I lived there, I would send the email :)
To be honest, it has already been approved. They just do the public speaking as a formality.
Bruh I totally heard that land they want to build on is haunted! Indian burial ground, ghosts, ass demons, the whole nine! I wouldn't buy a home there, gonna get yourself poltergeisted! 😂😂😂😂😂
All emails sent!
You should really focus on how many people the track brings in! Protecting the Freedom Factory IS protecting the local economy!
Rooting for you from Canada.  Don't let the freedom factory die.
How about getting race car drivers to buy the homes close to the track
I live exactly 3 miles from Orlando Speed World as the crow flies and I can hear them running almost every night.
for all us people who grew up in manatee/sarasota county we all have been too desoto speedway and its near and dear too our hearts, ill never forget the school bus figure 8 destruction on ur very track as a child, my father took me anytime there was a race, we honestly have enough boosie rich people in town and starbucks on every corner and stores to as many drug dealers and addicts, but i say leave the country country its what makes us who we are, i went to braden river, tara, south east i am manatee county and i would feel truly heart broken if desoto speedway wasnt around. over them trying too gentrify everything so they make more money, manatee is fine how it is
Lawyer 'em up Cleet! You were born for this work.
Sid from Toy Story is a hot mess
Welcome to American land of the free where all it takes is some boomers to make life no fun
Build build build, I'm sick of so much housing development everywhere.
A bunch of the racers at the SFG Christmas Bash at Bradenton Motorsports Park cancelled the race today due to rain, and were going to protest the 2700 acre complex to be built Kyle Riley from SFG, and Hank Mulligan are 2 that were announcing details towards the end of yesterdays race on YouTube.
Buy the land !!!!!!!!
Email sent!
Have to start "donating" to politicians now lod¹dying
I hope it does get shut down honestly 🤣
can a canadain help in any way brother
Or buy it.
Buy up the land they wanna use..Brother  best of luck
Just go out there and plant a bunch of corn.
@whistlindiesel
rocky mountain raceway in utah had the same thing happen to it maybe look into it and use that
How about a cleetus channel subscriber buys every single home and we turn this place into ripping acres car guy estates !!!
I hope people turn up in their thousands to support this, that being said you know that there will be money exchanging hands behind closed doors between the applicants of the land and the commission to get this through there’s always someone corrupt in every office
Literally heart breaking.
Wish this was posted sooner I would’ve been there but email sent.
Cleet.. this isn't about racetracks. But it's about the low impact of money you're contributing to the government. Government over reach. They need more money. The state is after more money and you're in their way, racetracks are in their way, they're noisy, have to be away from everyone because it makes noise and nobody wants noise.   Especially in Florida with a bunch of old people. 4500+ homes will make them so much money off taxes, electricity, city water if that's how its done, road maintenance etc.  Ontop of that, the companies who do the work get taxes=more revenue.   You need to get ahold of people who own the local restaurants, hotels, campgrounds and several business owners in the area. Have them step in. Have more events at the freedom factory and the drag strip. They want money, show them you got what it takes. This is your life, your family, your newborn, your neighbors newborn, you get my point, they don't care about you.   It's when the people start standing up for what is for the little man in America.   Look at the petty whistlindiesel case  It's not about dragstrips. It's about revenue. Making an example out of you. Complying.   I've read alot of comments about dragstrips being taken over for housing, not just in the United states.  Government and revenue will do anything and everything to take it away from you supporting your family. When you're free they don't like it, let's change something and create laws or regulations to control a person, we make more money and live better life.   Don't be respectful to them. They don't respect you. If they did they'd ask.   Edit: I think cleetus can afford a few D11's.. with some armored coolant lines..
Cleverer you need immediately to buy some of that lane outside the track so they have a further setback from the track.. Or even buy some of the buildings from the developers You can sell full weekend packages to people traveling from all over or you can house all your employees in there… Just thinking out loud don’t come after me My fathers childhood friend is a hotel developer and is a ruthless dude
Possibly get grandfathered in a noise stipulation in your favor if that doesn’t work…. Have an event every evening and I’ll bring my entire engine collection! For full throttle revving ….
Venessa Baughn and Kevin Venostenbridge’s email addresses are blocking any attempt to submit an opposable vote.  Is this even legal?
They won't care, they want money. Taxes from all of those home owners will be more than the race track can bring. Unfortunately
Thanks for what you do Garret
I love when they build next to an existing race track and then want to bitch about noise…. Keeping voting to give more control to the govt and they will soon be telling you how to hold your dick while you pee…
This sucks I hope everything works out well we will support you y'all got this. 💪
we just gonna take it to the streets....back to the outlaw days.
Email Sent, Lets all help protect a dying sport and great organizer.
I’m sure there’s a stat somewhere that would explain how many Florida homes are mostly empty all year. Granted some are Airbnb type situations but still owned by someone with multiple houses. “Developing” more housing is not always needed.  4500 more is a cash grab that can be taken elsewhere. Someplace NOT adjacent to a loud public venue.
If you guys are having trouble doing copy/paste with your phone on the YouTube app. Open this video on a web browser, THEN copy the email’s and the “ I oppose” statement.. 🔥🏁
Everyone In the group let’s move into the houses💀all race car owners only fk it hopefully that shit don’t go through😓
Ok sent them all an e-mail 👍👍🙏
#33 on trending… that’s a good sign.
THATS OUR FREEDOM BABY FF!💜❤️💙💚
Would it be possible to purchase the land closest to the track and then rent them out for people to stay and use them as a place where they can stay overnight where they can leave their cars and have a place to stay close by?
I have sent them a email and showing support from Sweden👍
Happened to our track in the rgv
In PA we have several laws and ordinances that protect farm land from development if the current land owner wants to participate in keeping it farmland.  letter sent.
So thay want you to build an anti-zombie wall around the freedom factory?
I hope a LOT of people showed up!
Good luck.  I am dealing with the same shit.  I live in a rural area & absolutely beautiful property.  My family has called it home for 4 generations.  Now some greedy developers are getting ready to clear the forested land directly adjacent to my property to drop in a high-density low rent apartment complex right in front of my house.  They got the area rezoned during the pandemic and the planning commission is in kahoots with the developer.  These things aren't a democracy when people in positions of power stand to gain financially.  It's "progress!"
I will be sending an email. I’ve also shared this on my Facebook to see how many other folks I can get to support.
pay for a billboard next to the entrance to the new division of the track and that its around the corner so home buyers that try to sue have to acknowledge they knew before moving in and they have no case.
I swear, some of the fanboys in the comments must have found a law degree in their cereal box this morning lol.
How did it go today
Another problem with tracks closing is that it promotes street racing. Well law enforcement is all about the “keep it off the streets, take it to the track” - well if you take away the tracks then street racing will happen!
E-mail sent.  Go get um Clete!!! I ’ve been going to the track close to 40 years. You have have an army of supporters? Good luck.
I mean this with the most disrespect a possible....    FK the city slickers and their urban sprawl  that brings the entitle crowd that complain about what was there before they moved there...   So  many thriving businesses through out the nation get shut down because of this BS..    Cities or towns rezone and drive out business, impose new restrictions on these businesses because the city makes $$$$ from developers and or have conflicts of interest in their rezoning...    So So tired of this...   Stop building over rural areas, AG areas, existing business areas.   Hopefully this doesn't turn out to be a battle like all the others...   I wish I had Musk $$$$ where I could buy land that would never see a development on it and build racetracks throughout the nation
All smoke and mirrors. They'll have homes built next to the hot dog stand in no time.
Marvin heemeyer is speaking to you, you know what you must do 🫡
If you can't prevent the zoning have the Commission require metal road signs in the community installed under every Stop Sign that read, "Race Track located xxx feet away. Race Tracks are Loud. Race Tracks operate at weird hours and on all days of the week." Also have the Commission require  a prominently displayed sign in the front yard of EVERY new home in that community that reads the same. The property sign MUST remain until the new owner takes possession.
and again when people take away dose tracks/places where you can have sort of fun and test your car, then people do it on streets its bad and say go to track when there is none when its taken away... jezz
Your land, do what you want with it and defend it how you choose to. Government has no right to make you do anything. If they don’t want the noise sucks to suck. Take it to the Supreme Court if you have to. People are terrible these days.
Omg. We all enjoy the content massively and would hate to have this all taken away. I have registered the opposition without thinking and we all should bombard these email addresses with Cleetus and friends at stake I am a long time fan and will be disappointed if this goes through. Let’s stand up and be counted for the fate of everything that cleetus and gang have put up and invested in this amazing guy. He’ll yeah brothers (and sisters)
That’s sweet you didn’t think that many would show up. I sure hope the board listens and isn’t being paid by land developers
100% of race tracks that had new housing put in within close proximity have closed or are failing. But the board look at real estate tax $$$ vs the track $ impact and side with the real estate $$$ 100% of the time.
Email sent.
My home track in Springfield, IL was built in 1947 on the site of an old dairy farm. It was quite successful but they started building homes in the area. Noise was always a problem once the homes were built. It got to the point that the show had to be completed by 10 PM (dirt track, night racing).The track continued to operate until the owner died. It always irked me in that the track was there long before the homes were built. I wish you good luck with you fight and hope you prevail.
If they pass it, we need 4500 fans to sell their homes and buy one of these 4500 homes. We WILL NOT LET THE RACETRACKS DIE!!! I will sell my home tomorrow to and move next to the track to help preserve!!! Let's go racing fam. There's more than 1 way to win a battle!!
Email sent. Floridians and racing/auto fans around the world: LET'S GET THIS!!!
Do you honestly think the state is going to pass on 4500 property taxes each year to save a couple of dilapidated race tracks that only damages the environment with noise, smoke and pollution? You'd better be able to pivot, writings on the wall.
This is exactly what happened to our local circle track. It's been closed for about 10 years now.
This exact thing dooms racetracks everywhere.. 2 tracks closed last year in TX.. where do they expect people to go? sucks. good luck.
I'd love to be there Garrret, bit far to go, so I've sent the emails. Good luck buddy!
Cleetus do you due diligence. Get a hand held decibel meter run 5 or 10 cars around the track and gather sound level data from in the woods where the homes will be built. Show them how stupid they are.
Email sent. Rootin for ya. Hopefully we all can help in a small way to keep the track alive.
Email sent from UK, Maybe it wont count but why not try anyway. Good luck
Email sent from Canada brother, Having been a former motorpsort business onwer, Having places like Bradenton and Freedom Factory are an absolute Asset
Email Sent
RIP i didn't see this until now, I hope you guys beat this
I can tell you from experience that nothing will stop the sound of a racetrack. I used to live 15 miles away from NASCAR Pocono Raceway and could hear the cars easily from anywhere outside my home.
I sent the emails !! I really hope it helps and makes a difference in their decision!!!!🤞🏻🤞🏻🤞🏻
This is going to be a tough one!  Your track brings tens of thousands of people multiple times a year, but homes will bring tens of thousands of people all year round.  I support you 100%, and I have already sent an email, but I am affraid that the county will side with their best interest and their best interest is the almighty dollar.  What is the possibility of you purchasing some of the land between the track and where the neighborhoods will be?  They may as stupid of a recomendation as it gets, and probably one already thought of.  I hope everything works out for you guys, I have been with your original channel since before 10K subs.  My family will always support you buddy!
Supportive Email sent from Germany
Good morning Cleetus,  I emailed the officials this morning. I hope you win and good luck.  From Tomball, Texas
im wit you
Commenting from Manchester, CT… sent them all an email… we got this
Emails sent.... HELL YEAH BROTHER!!!!
Send from the Netherlands!
Anyway you can buy some of the land close to the freedom track and on your land that you bought put a bunch of  race track signs
I hope it went well!
Insane housing development planning.  Guess these developers are wanting to shut down existing race tracks, or more than likely do not care what happens to the current land use folks / business.   So sad over-devolvement, (within many cities / counties —- everywhere), have gone crazy over finding ways of acquiring  more 💰.  They probably would not quit trying even if every square foot of land was paved or built upon.
Typical Commission.  They do the same thing for every controversial development vote in Fort Lauderdale...stall stall stall and hope people give up and leave!  Stand strong people!!!
we had this exact thing happen to the circle track 5km away. it was thriving, then they build houses up on the hillside above it. the people complained, and got it shut down. now the circle track stores old busted motorhomes and old city equipment. zero signs of life. very sad.
Sent All of the emails for Support, Good Luck and Thanks for Always being on it !
This sh*t is really getting old… Should be like anything else when it comes to property, area, boundaries. If it was previously there it stays… know what you’re moving into before you do it. Like building houses next to a massive sh*t station the bitch cause it stinks… no sh*t
Email sent!
Save the race track plz
This is sounding like people that complain about smells when they move in to new construction right next to a water treatment plant.
Buy the land 🤷🏼‍♂️
If they build homes close to a race track there should be no noise ordnance or restrictions. Their dumbass fault for wanting to build next to a God damn racetrack. I mean how stupid could they be?? Especially when that track keeps off the street racing and brings in people and money.
Cleetus awesome speech you did a great job getting your point across. You know the numbers you draw to all your races, events, hell even a simple video. There's no way any sane person can vote to built a bunch of home's right next to a race track. There's plenty of land out there to build on they don't need this property it's just a step to push the track out to grab more land.
can they eminent domain this property?
I'm assuming the 2 sitting behind Cleetur are the people representing whatever firm is trying to develop that land. Probably talking mad crap about how their wall is a foolproof plan. Except it isn't. It might cut down on some of the sound's intensity but I GUARANTEE YOU those cars will be heard.   A 50ft wall might do but the company trying to develop that area should be the ones to pay for it. They wont do that though, they will have the city council force the tracks to pay for it or shut down.
People that don’t appreciate the sound of freedom……no excuse for them!
Some how buy the land and build a racetrack hotel on it
Can you show a picture of forms at end of video so I can screen shot it . Can’t find it on link
It’s just a cash grab for developers and local politicians…they’ll pay off the right people to pass the development and then eventually squeeze you out 😠
Emailed all of them.
Gotta love how this guy is all I don't get involved in politics with my platform and voice but as soon as it's something he wants then he gets politically involved.
I’m in full support of the Freedom Factory!!! Let’s go!!!
You should buy the land and lease it to a farming operation.
Hoping for the best!
Almost exactly what happened to raceway park in Englishtown nj.
I'd send support cash as well, if you can get a consortium together and buy this property and either keep it agro, or a business/light industrial park. Heck, even an Amazon/Walmart distribution center would be great.
I would be *more worried about your association with Parker Nirenstein* (vehicle virgins) than a proposed development. Without fail, *Parker has turned against every automotive YouTuber he has collaborated with.*
Ohio has opposed👍
Just shared this with my AUNT WHO IS ON THE BOARD WITH RON DESANTIS.
Too much bribery and envelopes going out for anyone to care about the racetrack. Good luck and hope you come out on top.
Did a lot of people show up today cleet? I hope so!
I will be surprised if he wins
Get this baby up on the main channel
We have similar situation in our country. One activist built house next to racetrack in year, when it was renovated. Next spring, when races begun, he noticed where he has built his house and want's racetrack to be closed, despite it has been there for 90 years. Thankfully only two persons from nearby has joined with him and others have politely told to f off. But now, noise can be made from 10.00 to 20.00 and noise barriers built, but problem is still modern snowflakes.
easy solution 4500 subscribers and race lovers just buy the homes
Email sent last night. I hope they consider it. Our track in Kansas City was closed in 2011 under similar circumstances. 😢
3 homes per acre, that's insane
They shut down a small nitro outdoor race track in my town so what I'm gonna tell you is, your gonna have to fight for your right
Set up a go fund me on all channels to support racing buy all the land or bunch of land to keep tracks safe between your channel and all the other channels you can make the money
You surely had to see this coming. I think your smarter than people see. You knowingly bought the freedom factory and am doing all you can to make the money you can while you can. When the houses start to move in the developers or someone will be forced to buy you out. Either to keep people happy or to build where your property is. More content, smart business decisions. Win win!
Email done not sure if it'll be any good as in UK but FF it .... Can't hurt showing support from abroad
I truly never send emails or even comment on YouTube videos lol this is actually my first ever comment, but I made time to send an email to everyone of them to support you! I’d rather see a thriving business made of wholesome fun, than to see more darn people living in Florida! Haha good luck man
Hi Clet, sent email to oppose application. Been following you guys since the beginning and just love you guys and what you've accomplished and hope for more crazy fast clips from FF in the future. Best regards from SWEDEN 🚔
You don’t really own anything in America
email sent. Make the property a park not homes
Support sent from Canada. 🏎
Thank you for sharing Cleetus.  We stand behind you and the Freedom Factory so another awesome racetrack does not disappear.  We will help reshare on our social accounts.
Emails sent to all of em! This cant happen!
Sent out my email! We are all standing up for this!! 🤘🏻🇺🇸
You're fucked. The developer has county and state officials on the golf course right now.
Capitalism at its finest. You get what you vote for. Nobody gives a fuck about your track. Money talks bullshit walks.  Everyone wants to live the American dream of being wealthy until they take away your toys to stay wealthy.
I grew up 1/4 mile from Santa Fe Speedway and I feel asleep to the hum of the track every weekend. I loved it.
More toothpick houses is just what we need.
Emails sent brother!! Good luck
Garrett, you need to get involved on some of these boards / commissions, you would provide them a new perspective and therein help your county. It’s not hard to do.
How about if you don't like it move. Don't attack other people. The tracks were there first so tough shit.
Bro it wont work the wall is trash thats exacly how the race track where i live died RIP Autodrome St-Eustache     dont let that append cleetus
Oh hell no.
I just got done sending the emails to all of them. I really hope this doesn’t pass brother.
It's about money and everyone will pass it along until it's approved. Then they will complain loud enough to have something done. Then the council will come for you and the track, they will pass ordinances on sound. They will complain about the "environment." Eventually they will run you out of business.
STANDING ROOM ONLY BOYSSSS LETS GOOOOO!
I live in South Carolina and I wish we had the support for our local race tracks before they closed two drag stripes and a small but legendary speedway to build houses and apartments on the land. Summerville speedway cooper river drag way and mid way drag way all closed because of “development “
Does it help if you live in another Country? If so ill do it :)
Have you talked to Florida Govenor, Ron DeSantis?   He seems like an honest guy.
Email sent from Louisville.  I plan on going down there for a race weekend eventually and don't want those plans to be ruined by a housing development!  Good luck today and give them hell!
I used to drag race every weekend but the tracks keep closing so I've made the switch to sim racing even though it's not the same it's something
I don't know if they understand that the more racetrack closing more ppl are going to spill on the streets doing what they cannot longer do in a safe and controlled environment
Seny my email , hoping for the best!!
politely emailed!
E-mail sent from Sweden 👍 a couple of years back my buddies went to the drag strip when we were in the area on vacation. I missed it that time but since the freedom factory opened i want to visit even more. This is a huge problem here as well with race tracks, one of our largest tracks had to close down a year or so ago. Built in nowhere land in the 60s and basicly laid the foundations for the town that later grow close and got it shut down..
Need to ask them if the question was asked in reverse so ( vote on moving a new track next to 3500 people ? )  if the question has a different answer in reverse it is discrimination.
FL doesn't even have the infrastructure to handle thousands more homes. We need to slow down construction, not continue it.
Love yah brother, but you need a GREAT not good, but GREAT lawyer! Like yesterday
I will gladly come put the labor in to come help build this wall! This makes my stomach turn we are having the same problem here
Sent an email, I grew up in a town where dipshits moved next to a track that was in operations for decades then complained about the noise. The track was build outside of town away from people but they insisted on encroaching on the track then complaining. Sound abatement is at best folly.
HUGE FAN !! But I have news for yall.... Its about money. Your local politicians will chose the money, not what's right or wrong. I hope for the best, I sent an opposing email. GODSPEED CLEETUS !!!!
Emails sent from Maine. Best of luck to you and the track crew
How's the turnout for thursday
My fiancé and I emailed! Gotta make sure there’s 0 chance of that place going away!
Always how it goes, they build homes next to the tracks, tracks shit down
Emails respectfully submitted.
Its all about tax revenue. They know new homes are guaranteed income.
Same things happening all around the San Antonio drag strip on i10. You should buy that up and move your operations over here. Tons more room for expansion and still have 70 80 degrees everyday and inbetween Houston and San Antonio. Hope you get some traction for your movement.
Knoxville, IA    Grocery store across the street from the Sprint car dirt track, and houses all around.     Bradenton,FL  trying to erase the track for more houses to be ruined in hurricanes.
Unfortunately the tracks are small businesses and the development is probably a billion dollars plus all of the property taxes and business that will move in, it’s gonna be tough!
Heck yeah brotha sent a email and love y’all support you all the way
Emails sent
What are the numbers?  How much revenue to the racetracks generate for Manatee County?  Hard numbers are more impressive than feelings.
Offer to buy The land and then lease it out for farming 🤔💰
Buy it
Emails have been sent. Thank you Garrett for working hard to protect this.
Emails are sent!
I wonder how many emails these people just got blown up by lol
They convert it man, us loyal fans will just come buy these houses. Come to the track. Spend our hard earned money. There is plenty of us to become the community.
My emails where blocked.
Done!
Wow
Get in touch with Make Patey and see if he can point you in the right direction, he's on a mission to save small airports that developers are closing down
We need to make old racetracks a historical place the same thing just happened to palm beach international raceway that track was 50+ years old and just got bought to build walmart stoarge facility i don’t understand how its that hard to just go a couple miles down the road and cut some stupid trees down but no they destroyed a historic racetrack ive been going to since i was out of the whomb anyone who doesn’t stand with the car community can go to fucking hell and rot there for eternity
I think a major issue is, the county will make more money from 4500 homes compared to 2 tracks 🤷🏼‍♂️
I sent an email.  Good luck Cleet, I hope you guys succeed, but I fear win or lose this one, this will be an ongoing problem for the rest of this racetracks lifetime, however long that may be.
Email sent, good luck man. I’m sure you’ll pull through.
I've sent my emails. I really hope there's a huge turnout of people able to show up in person. I know a massive amount of emails will help but to physically fill the room with people that are against this would make a huge impact on the decision.
It's the tax dollars the state and local officials are after. It's happening everywhere. Fight hard!
Bandamere speedway is having these issues. I hope you guys win! It's bull that they moved the tracks 50 years ago and now you're in the same position.
Cleetus! I’ve sent an email to the names listed in you caption, hoping it helps a little, rooting for you guys all the way from Brantford, ON, Canada! Hell Ya Brother!
Email Sent
Showing support and love from Pennsylvania!!!  We are loosing more and more dirt circle tracks here every year and This is exactly how and why race tracks die. More proof why we should be way more careful who we allow to run our city's and local government. So for rural Florida to vote 5-1 it shows...im not even going to type it. If you know you know.
wish you the best luck in the fight
Done brother!!! Stay strong.
Thanks for doing what you do Cleetus!  You are a good due!  I have never been to one of your events, but I enjoy the hell out of your videos!  I sent the email!  I hope this will be stopped as so many of these type developments are popping up all over florida!
I cannot attend in person, but I have sent the requested email.  Good Luck
Sounds like people got bribed
We are fired up and ready for this man.
We're from the Big Indian drift pit and we are in full support of the Freedom Factory! Freedom factory is a way to keep the younger generation  off the streets and give them a safe place where they can ride! When there is know where to go they that's there safe place,along with that being said there picking up skills learning  how to change tires ,fix cars but most of all learning how it is to get along ! Go Freedom Factory! All the way from Buffalo NY, The Big Indian Drift
Man ppl need to chill, always trying to ruin good things. Ruining racetracks is ruining our history
God help cleeter!!!!
Fuckem build a wall  I really wish farmers would stop selling land if I had all the money in the world I’d buy up as much land as I could to preserve that land and keep it free
They need to leave our racetracks alone!!
Hell yeah brother long live freedom Emails sent!
This happened with Englishtown Raceway Park up here in NJ a few years ago
I don't even live in The states but I'm sending the email! *Edit Sent!*
just sent an email to all listed emails as of 7:20AM EST 12/15/22  GL Cleeter!
Sent my email! Good luck brother
I Support you buddy all the way I’ll do what I can to help
Good luck with that fight Englishtown  one of the original  nhra big tracks lost its strip from the same thing.
This is the end for racing in USA if people don't support what you are doing. No one else is pushing the race life as hard as you are. I'm in Canada and our race tracks are suffering the same fate and disappearing
Let's Go Boys.. this is a Big Deal..
Reminds me of how we lost Claremont Speedway over here in Australia.  Oldest dirt open wheel track on this side the globe, and taken out by residents who continued to complain about noise despite knowing they were moving in or had built next to the speedway.  I really hope this doesnt go south for The Factory and Cleeter.
Make a petition!!! We will sign world wide
They just want tax money from homeowners, find a way to offset this amount and it's yours
Bakersfield speedway, Altamonte speedway, and many many more have fell victim to this same issue. Seems so unfair when the track as a successful business was there long before but the housing projects move in. Most times the country don’t give a shit cause housing developments mean big bucks and tax revenue. Hope you stand your ground and defend the freedom factory.
I live about 3 miles from Maryland International Raceway. During racing season I hear them weekly. Not a chance a 25ft wall will stop anything. A lot of my favorite nights are sitting out in my shop wrenching and listening to the track run. Developers suck
This was a play against you. Like all other race tracks they're trying to kill the race life. But NOT TODAAAYYY
Find an endangered species on that land.
Damn it Garrett, I don't know how that panel of city officials regulates what's presentable and what's not, but you need them to see what you've asked them to "look up" or into. My opinion and my personal experience, you can't afford to ask them to, you have to show them. I hope its ruled in your favor. Good luck counselor.
So you're telling me Garrett Mitchell is your real name. I can't believe it you've been spooling up since birth.
Someone oppose for me !!!!
Real talk. If you need assstance PM me. Please don’t blow up my info or tag or whatever. Fl man with connects.
I would think people signing something knowing they're moving next to a racetrack is a good idea  it might not work exactly but I bet a lot of people would either decide to not move in next door which it would be smart if they don't like loud noise they can just find a different place to live or the people that do sign it means they love race cars and stuff and that's just my thoughts and opinion
If you are from outside us. Will it still help?
I would love to live next door to a race track
Need to see a video of how many turn up guarantee lots of people show up
you and bradington buy that land
Email sent! Keep fighting the good fight! MURICA'! DO IT FOR DALE!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm from Cape Town, South Africa. Our local race track/drag strip, Killarney Race Track, is the only one we have in our area. It used to be out in the middle of no where. Over the past decade or so, residential areas have encroached on the track to the point where the possibility of losing our race track is a yearly reality. Every year we fight for it. Always complaints about noise (IT'S A F*CKING RACE TRACK), so much so we have exhaust decibel restrictions on our racecars, noise meters on the tracks boundries and raised walls to reduce travelling sound, but obviously this is unrealistic. I hope you guys win, because the inevitable is already proven.
I know it's a different country. But my mother lives 3kms or 1.86 miles from Sydney international motorsports Park. There is a highway and motorway, industrial estate, school and many houses as well and hills, between her house and the motorsport Park (which includes circuit and dragway) and when the v8 supercars, gt3 class or any serious drag cars are there they can be heard from her place. When I lived there I loved it. But it can be heard from a long way. Best of luck brother! Do it for Dale and Ed! Hopefully you can keep your freedom!
You would think some of your neighbors besides yourself would be complaining about this they put that many houses in that area guarantee your taxes are going up along with your neighbors you can bet the farmer whoever own this property before these developers he probably didn't want that land to be developed into residential houses 4,500 he probably wanted to keep that farmland but you got big developers people like Bill Gates he's buying up a lot of farmland around the United States and so are the Chinese I don't think they should be allowed to do it but they are get a good attorney like I said you were there first
I would get a good attorney like I said you were there first
They never stop urban sprawl...RIP the race track
Go to Pennsylvania where the race track is mixed in with a bunch of houses around it. They had 2 races a year a month apart. Plus the practice runs.
Try to have the land preserved for the ecosystem
You need to find the wet lands and get it protected
4,500 houses you can bet this developer has donated a lot of money to your board members the zoning board to build that many houses they got to resume that land you were there first I live in Las Vegas we had this same kind of problem couple years ago it wasn't a racetrack this guy had a pig farm and they build up around his property a lot of houses new houses and the people were complaining about the pig farmer people try to get the city to take his land from him they lost in court every single time because he was there first the pig farmer just about a year or two ago he ended up selling the land to a developer for 30 something million dollars part of the deal was that they would give him land somewhere else so he would have his pig farm they gave it to him out by the landfill about 15-20 miles out of town the developer he paid for the road and went back there all paved and he built on my house and a big farm for his pigs but the point is he didn't have to sell his land he could have stayed there with his pigs literally a lot of pigs he didn't have to sell that land if he didn't want to the city couldn't do anything because he was there first to me this developer is donating money to these board members to me he's destroying the land I hope you can stop it
Emailed everyone listed, and signed the petition, now i just wish i could be there in person in a few hours to represent the FF and BMP. I have been kicking myself all week for not being able to go. Im too busy doing full pulls at the usps, delivering all them Cleeter shirts
.i think someone is trying to take down cleetus please we need him
ADVERSE SECXUAL AND PSYCHOLOGICAL EFFECTS OF MALE INFANT CIRCUMCISION  GREGORY J. BOYLE AND GILLIAN A. BENSLEY  Bond University  Great Paper on this topic!
Man I’m so heartbroken at the state of Americas rural land. It’s happening everywhere. We can’t continue selling off farm land and expect to be a powerful nation. Once these farms are sold out to investment groups it’s over.
They’re winning so far cause their putting money in the right pockets.....  Heck, I’m not saying it’s fair, but that’s unfortunately that’s how the world works.
This is so wrong. If you want to build your home somewhere. You accept that the area existed before your home
Comment for the algorithm. Good luck today from the UK, I hope it goes your way!
You got this brother
The wife and I both sent an email for you guys brother.
Email sent. Support from Manchester, UK 💪
DON'T WASTE TIME ON COUNCIL BOARDS.. ENGAGE LEGAL TEAM AND GO FOR AN INJUNCTION..!! GODD LUCK..  FROM AUSSIE..
Sir how about wearing a jacket and tie during these public consultations?
buy the 2700 acres and rent it out for ag purposes....
I've done my part by emailing. Hopefully being in the UK doesn't affect it, but better to try than to assume it won't.
Good luck man. From what I've seen you do so far, I think you've got this.
Prayers for all that support this man and the Bradenton motor sports complex
Im from Australia and i sent an email.
Emailing rn
This is exactly what's happening in Chesterfield VA with Southside Speedway. It's given birth to racing legends!! Here the county is trying to turn it into a recreational park. We have a local grassroots organization that is fiercely taking every action they can to try and SAVE SOUTHSIDE SPEEDWAY(the name of the group)  SAVE FREEDOM FACTORY
Hey Cleetus, What about purchasing (I am sure that many of your contributors who would make a small donation to assist you) to purchase some of this current agricultural land and turning it in to a pig farm. Get the pig farm up and running, and nobody will be wanting to live near there.  Also check to see that the planning for the Freedom factory is a special use zone and that the zoning has not changed without your knowledge. Those council people can be really sneaky when money is involved.
It’s hard to see this type of stuff. Had a amazing track out by me in Schererville,IN most probably heard of it. Illiana motor speedway it was one of the most thriving speedways in the country but noise complaints caused it to be sold now it’s just left with the old sign and a empty field😢. I loved that track went there every year since I was born till it closed. Saying all that I got your back we all stand together!
I would be there and support you if I could, love watching your vids and such but my support comes from New Zealand, my arms just ain't long enough to give you the help you need.
This guy shows up to make his case in a T shirt and flip flops 😂
Won’t personally make it cause I’m in Oregon but I just emailed them all hope it helps brother!
Email Sent!
One of my favorite drag strips closed for the same reason.  English Town raceway park in NJ drag strip was closed.   It was farm land all around turned to urban sprawl!
Raise a go fund me and have all racers and car enthuiasts to chip in to Buy out that piece of land.
Garrett I love you, but you NEED someone else to do the politicking for you. Your speech is sincere but it’s not going to convince anyone to change their vote.  They’re not passionate about cars, they’re passionate about money. And you need to present the racetrack in that light if you want to have any hope to win this
Our local race circuit here in Perth Western Australia is - or was -  in a similar predicament. When built it was miles from anywhere, but now you can see suburbia from the track. I believe that anyone purchasing house lots in the area has to sign a caveat acknowledging the presence of the race track and the noise it (and the motocross track next to it) generates, and can not raise objection to it thereafter for something like 25 years? And sensibly, the immediately abutting land has been mad commercial/industrial, so there's a buffer to the residential. Credos to the local and state government people who helped that happen. Hopefully you can get your county officials to see the value you bring to the area and help you to line up something similar.
Can an international fan email the board and express how much a positive impact the FF makes on the industry and its fans! FF is on my bucket list.. All the way from the UK.
Let buy the land fuck em
Wtf how can they just convert ag land to homes??? When we were going to build our home our OWN land (that we were going to build our house on!) got converted to ag land for no apparent reason and we tried everything we could to convert it back for our house! But it was NOT possible... Now this big money company can just convert ag land to home development??? What a world we live in...
Man that’s going to be seriously tough. You are going to be up against a big shot developer with an endless budget. Also with the way the housing market is, new homes are needed more than ever. It’s an insane money making opportunity for these guys. Any other race tracks available for sale in Florida? Maybe trying to sell at a premium to these developers is an option and buying another race track in Florida
Hell yeah brother fight for your right
You need to have them get a lawyer and do like to do u s one thirty one more sports park in michigan. He sued in academy and date that says everybody will just have to be told that their houses on the range of race track and that they will hear racing going on at that track and therefore the new one advance before they bought the house therefore they knew what they were getting into just like as if they lived next to an airport.
I hear that broads voice. A broke back drive into the cul-de-sac voice...
I think what WE need is TV rights. Master P flipped the script in the 90'$ , it's about time for you to change the game.
Done and have a comment aswell
I think they should give you a 10 acre buffer maybe even 20 acres. and every parcel that borders the line to your track should have to build their own wall to limit cost on you since your track was there first. The developers should have the weight of making sure people aren't complaining about noise. This is my opinion.
Emails sent brother! Let our voices be heard and SAVE OUR RACETRACKS!
Keep the tank and just flatten the new building work every night 😂
Good luck brother but it's going to be tough to deny all that tax money.  Hope yall win
When houses are built the expenses for the county go up. People cost money. Agricultural makes a county money. Race tracks bring in people from outside of the area and spend money on hotels, food,and fuel. Sometimes when racers travel to an area they will bring family and have a vacation in that area.  4500 homes are will have close to 20k people that need Fresh water, sewage taken care of. The EPA should be consulted on the stress on an area by bringing in that many more people. Isn't there some small bird or mouse that will be affected by building more homes in the area?  This is what you get by making your state "business friendly". Developers are not your friend they will walk all over everything you love to make a buck. Good luck Garrett.
As we have more visitors coming in more land will be taken.They don't care to shut your lively hood down, step on constitutional rights. Only there wealth and agenda matter.
GET A LAND PATENT AND TELL THEM TO GET F**KED!
Land developers don't care about the working man, they are just worried about buying up all the farmland to line their pockets with money.
We just lost our track, an oval from 1954. You need to apply for historical status and push hard for it.
Transplant a bunch of rare birds and reptiles there.
Q
I have added my comment to all emails listed, I am from Minnesota, never been to an event, but it was well thought, I just want to say thank you, although you get paid well for what you do, what this channel has allowed you to do, the people you have reached and hopefully have changed. It is well appreciated, make them know that! And that you bring VALUE to the community.
Wish I could be there to support brother!
Hey, mr attorney cleetus -- form a real estate investment trust, invite your fans to become investors. When the kitty grows enough, start buying up land around the track.  Then you control the use, the tenants, the deed restrictions, the waivers, access, density, road placement, green spaces, berming, water management, gates and more.  Around a race track, its probably a good idea to zone industrial (with higher noise limits than residential).  Now that china is slumping and russia gone, thousands of small industries will return and spout in USA.
You, Cleetus, are Golden. This is very important case that you spoke of. Stop this madness and do not allow people moving unknowingly next to a racetrack! Keep it up Cleeter!
Thank you everyone for defending it!
Welcome to a Republican State. Those guys (who have more money than you) always win unless you can buy that land (which is probably what they want, with an upcharge). Good luck brother
GODBless you folks and may you win this🤙🏻🌺
Wow that’s crap , always loosing agricultural land , always losing race tracks 🤨, HAWAII had one race track lost it now it’s more crap offices we don’t need
We have seen the same thing going on for years here in Belgium, where agricultural ground and Forrest area has been converted to industrial and residential land, killing of al lot of recreational spots. Belgium  used to be a big player in motocross and autocross and rally. Out of that grew a culture of bike and car enthusiasts that has been big for decades. In the last two decades we are seeing all of this disappearing. And it is not just the event locations that are disappearing, but also all of the businesses that live of those events and the entire culture around it. Youngsters these days get less and less motivated to invest in a automotive related hobby, because our government is making it really impossible to pursue these goals with all sorts of restrictions and regulations and as a resultbof that, the whole industry that carries this automotive culture is disappearing. There is way more at stake here than loosing your racetracks,  so guys, put up the fight for your freedom! I sincerely wish you guys all the best of luck in this battle.  Best regards from a fan from Belgium,  Europe!
Need to release some spotted owls and Mojave Desert tortises onto that land, then some bald eagles lol.
I mean, these people goes through years of study and campaigning ti sit on the city planning boards. They spend thousands of their own money to hopefully one day be able to earn good money for doing their jobs. Then you show up looking like THAT and basically making a mockery of their profession? You can't even throw on a jacket or tie or anything? As professional people doing a serious job, they will maybe be more likely to vote in your favour if you make an effort. Wearing a damned t-shirt is like showing up at a party, drinking somebody else beer, vomiting on the carpet and leaving. I won't be surprised if they shit this shit down. I can guarantee the other party will be in a suit and have spreadsheets and data and research and prior cases to reference. You're basically fucked.
4500 homes × just $1000 property tax = 4.5 million of revenue for the county & all the politics pocketing these funds. It happens daily here in Colorado the developers have more pull than actual residents & tax payers. Good luck guys I'll be pulling for you.
Sent - All the way from Massachusetts! Best of luck to you bud.
Sent email from UK if that counts 👍🏻
I just sent an email to the officials; for those of us that live here in Manatee we know that the Freedom Factory is basically the only thing thats fun around here lol😅😂. Hopefully they see how important this is for the community and don't screw us over.
Don't go broke trying to protect it... buy some of those homes and rent them out
Best of luck brother.
You need to present numbers on visitors and spend in the area.
They make more money from shutting you down
We've just had this happen recently in Australia at a track called Wakefield Park in new south wales,and has happened numerous times over the past 20 years as well as an air force base near Newcastle. What do these people expect moving in right next to functional race tracks and air bases. Personally I think it's quite rude and ridiculous for people to move in and start complaining, if common sense ruled they would be told to pull their heads in,but apparently that's not the world we live in any more
I’m Potawatomi and Id rather see a racetrack built rather than new boujee houses
Email sent!
Here in the Netherlands we have the Zandvoort racetrack, recently re-made famous by F1. It's in the dunes, adjacent to housing. There's always hassle about the environment, noise etc. I believe they have a few 'noise days' per year... Don't build houses near a racetrack.
He'll yeah brother 👍 good luck from over the pond. I live near RAF base in the UK and people still move next to the base and then complain about the jet plane's.
👏 👏 👏
Generic comment for the algorithm
When you think about it Cleetus is probably making a heap of money for the county with the events that he holds. This is the thanks he gets for putting his heart and soul into the freedom factory. World gone mad and people have no accountability anymore really gonna be sad if this development goes through
No way sounds like they are trying to kill any racing that isn't nascar
This happens a lot in Australia and it does everyone's head in. Someone will build a race track in the middle of no where. People eventually want to build homes nearby and the existing race tracks end up having to pack up shop. I hope this doesn't happen to you. Its a rediculous scenario.
Should have put this on main channel
They want the tracks closed
Emailed from Australia mate, not sure if it helps but worth a shot.
Not to mention the fact of more debris flying around when a tornado rips through the area
I can't be there in person but I'm with you in spirit. I sent my email. I just hope it helps.
Tracks help with providing a safety place for people to do their thing off the streets
Wish I could go support you/oppose this. Best luck
Email sent. I think if they allow this they should make anyone within a mile sign a contract stating they can’t bitch or force certain hours of operation on the track.
Shooting ranges frequently get closed this way as well.
As a Australian, I know so, so, so many people around the country with metal health issues or even just not fitting in, and a car can fix most of them problems, and racing them can fix them all, so many things in racing/Burnouts that non car people won't understand, We don't do this for fun, we do this because it's a part of our soul, apart of us, apart of something that can never be torn apart it lives inside you, it's kinda like a hunter with his land, take his land and you have taken his lifestyle off him....
Email wrote and submitted from Kalispell Montana.
The same bullshit happens with live music venues and regional airports.     it should be the worlds simplest augment.  Build your house or move in next to the venue that makes noise but if you move in after the venue existed, you have no legal rights to complain about the noise.  Case closed.  Piss off.
It's sad you see this happen all the time. People move into an area, typically they're not even from there. They knowingly move next to a private airport, racetrack, sporting range, etc. They bitch and moan until they get their entitled way only because they have money. Same boat as seeing wetland back filled and developed, but common folk couldn't put a shed there.
I live in North Florida and Bradenton dragstrip surrounded by nothing but farmland is where I have some of my most fond memories. I'm well educated about standing up for myself against city hall. 1st always be respectful, they hate when they can't get a rise out of you. With that said, plan on the worst and don't just be proactive but go ahead and prepare to be reactive........Out of those who voted this through today start looking into who will financially benefit from the way they voted. Start looking into how individual county commissioners,  who will be voting next,  are linked to the developers, engineering companies contractors, building material suppliers, rental companies, ect, and how a vote for this will enrich them or family members in some way. Public records are your right to inspect free of charge, they will stall, lie and intimidate you in order not to allow you access, don't let them win.  I am afraid we have already lost our country and freedom as it was intended
Lol you have to pay for a fence for someone else, what a joke
the woman behind you is 100% a Karen. KAREN KAREENNNN
I’m helping ya out cleet. I’ve watched this channel since I was in 7th grade and watched it grow. You are a main reason I switched my career path from aviation to automotive. I’d hate to see you lose what you’ve put your heart and soul into🇺🇸
Hey Cleetus. You should see if you could find bones, endangered species and stuff like that cause then they can’t build it is the same thing is happening near me with other states trying to take land from farmers and people who have lived on their lands for centuries. So look for endangered species or bones.
MY NEXT SUGGESTION IS LAWYER UP WITH A TEAM OF LEGAL.
I've added my email to the pile they should be getting and pointed out that even though I'm coming from MS, my vacations in 2023 are already planned around events at the Freedom Factory, and Bradenton Motorsports Park. I'm hoping if enough of us show our support, they'll reconsider this plan.
If we don't have a place to legaly race, street racing WILL pick up. Is that what they want?
So sad... I've seen 3 race tracks in the Bay Area go down to this.  A track I spent my childhood with my father, something my kids would never get to experience.
Maybe, next time, you can make your presentation without wearing just a t-shirt. And baseball cap, FFS. Want respect? Show some, yourself... or be assumed to be a mouth-breather who doesn't even care enough about the issue to wash his hair and put on a collared shirt. Try that next time.  And, if you do get a next time, you should probably mention that: In the *Manatee County, Florida Code of Ordinances, Chapter 2-21 - Miscellaneous Provisions and Offenses, Article II - Noise, Sec. 2-21-33 - Exemptions* ... "(10) *Between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 11:00 p.m. * , the emission of sound or noise from lawful and proper activities on school grounds *and places primarily used for* athletic contests and *sporting events* " applies to your business, because it is primarily used for sporting events. Now what you really ought (need?) to do is to attempt to get the specific language of "motorized vehicle racing" added to that list of exemptions. Why? Because, the way the language currently is, there is a non-zero chance that a good lawyer, armed with a petition signed by ~80% of the homeowners in that future neighborhood, could convince the council that the exemption was intended to be for events such as football games, baseball games, track & field events, and the like - where the only real noise is that of a cheering crowd - but NOT automobile/etc. racing, where a cheering crowd of spectators would not even be heard above the noise of the engines. However, if you can get the language modified to include motor(ized) vehicle racing, specifically, then you would *absolutely* be safe from such an argument, because you can simply point out that the activity is specifically mentioned as an exemption. Yeah... You might even want to buy a suit for that conversation, instead of merely a shirt that has a collar. . . .
Emailed all seven tonight Dec 14th!
I hate when they pull this crap and eventually people live next to it and then proceed to complain even though it was there first. So many tracks have been pushed out same for shooting ranges
Time to prioritize and invest in a top knotch legal team.
That Karen behind him looks like pure constipated evil.
Email Sent!
It will be so good for all those new homes to be built , exciting times
Good luck, gonna be a battle. I hope for the best for all involved.
Those race tracks been there for years and for them to try and shut it down because people are trying to build houses near by… race tracks and drag strips protect the people on the road since they have a place to have fun while doing it legally. Manatee county has always been corrupt and lazy. Lived there once and never again. For them to even think about allowing more homes to be built shows me they are in it for the money. This will bring zero value to that area but more pollution less nature more traffic and wayyyy to many people.
The same thing happened outside of Toronto back in the 1970’s. There was a new drag strip opened(Golden Horseshoe later Toronto International) which shut down in just over 5 years. The same issues with developers and then the noise issue or road blockages because of lineups for events and the locals complain. I really do wish you well but I’ll bet there’s lots of money in there and certain pockets that will get padded. I hope people show up or at least do what you asked them to. Money talks and I hope it doesn’t screw you and the others out of a terrific facility you built there. I think you, along with others have built an amazing facility and have poured a ton of money into making it a top notch place. I’m really pulling for you, good luck.👍👍🇨🇦
OK eny floridian billionaires out there, jst buy that land turn it in to a natural eco friendly area for local animals, establish the area for endangered species, this area will be cheap, plus animal protection acts can fall in to play if you have the right people by your side! Don't let them rush a situation, and they are good at lieing out of sworn meeting, there's only one (neighbour) on this block and we all love him and want him to stay with all his buddies and family's,
If you are truly in this fight, you have to understand there will come a day where a judge rules that the nuisance complaint is legitimate and forces you restrict hours, close or worse.  You will either give in and sell, paving the way for more housing development or you'll be cuffed and everything seized and you loose everything.  Good luck brother.
Damn Garrett. Keep your ground, you got supporters behind you all the way. We won’t let this break the cycle you’ve created, we can’t, you’ve never let us down so why would we let you down when you need us and the other people the most? Keep on trucking brotha, full steam ahead 🫡
Rochester new york here. Defiantly went to Bradenton raceway and love  his channel!!!
The only thing they're going to look at, is revenue to the county/state, which 4500 homes is going to bring far more revenue to them, than you bring to them.  They don't care about you, or motorsports, they only care about revenue.
i think the drag racing, circle track racing etc communities all need to come together and host an event and bring about 200K people in and make it buzz in the county that theres a huge community traveling from far and wide. think daytona bike/ truck week big
This is happening in Phoenix. They are getting rid of all of the race tracks for "development". It's bullshit.
+1 email sent from Canada. Keep fighting the good fight, brother!
Email sent
Sending hopeful vibes from Australia 🇦🇺
Leave these tracks open. It helps keep people of the public road racing.
Sent.   Being in Ohio, this is all I can do. Hoping for the best.
You're exactly right with all of your points.  As soon as houses go up people start complaining about facilities that were there long before the houses.  It happens every time.  And for how worried people seem to be about the environment they are clueless to the impacts of urban sprawl taking over ag land and other natural areas.  I hope you win this fight.
You're exactly right with all of your points.  As soon as houses go up people start complaining about facilities that were there long before the houses.  It happens every time.  And for how worried people seem to be about the environment they are clueless to the impacts of urban sprawl taking over ag land and other natural areas.  I hope you win this fight.
Email sent!!!  Tired of seeing racing heritage and just racing in general get destroyed by people complaining about noise and people in office trying to flex there epeen.
Don’t worry Cleeter. Just sent a polite email to them saying my full name, address, and a little bit why I believe this is the wrong decision. We have your back brother
In Sydney we had the government claim the land our speedway (Parramatta clay speedway)was on, they planned to build a train holding yard on the land. The owners were able to get the government to pay to move the facility at a cost over $50 million to Eastern Creek ( Sydney motorsports park). Maybe you could go down that road if they approve the housing.
Oof. Wish you the best but that’s a truly uphill battle.
Sent, from a fan in Colorado. Please don't let another track die.
That woman to the right could not have a more sour face even if she'd be paid for it, which she actually likely is😂
Email sent brother.  Hope it helps... we need to keep all the tracks we can!
email sent
Email sent. Doin it for Dale!
the fight against the karens before it starts, really not sure why every race track is removed due to housing developments....there is so much land out there, but they always have to build houses near them....WHY?
Good luck mate 🙏 Let's hope this won't be another example of corrupt officials letting greed destroy entertainment venues.
Developers are the sleaze of the WORLD!
I did my best and i think i got emails sent to all of them but im not very good with this computer stuff anyhow best of luck to ya tomorrow.
Name the group. what else do they own? wreck their business!
As a Sarasota native, now in West Virginia, do not let them kill DeSoto.
Just sent my emails at 1 a.m. this morning! Good luck in a few hours my man! Hopefully they realize important these tracks are!!!
sent an email as soon as i saw this video
Sent mail, I can't wait to see how many people just absolutely FILL this track tomorrow
The unfortunate reality is that the government is always after money, and adding that many homes will bring in more money to the government than a track will.  I hope this does not get approved and you can continue doing what you have invested a tremendous amount of effort and money into.
This is happening everywhere, it's bullsht, the race track was there before you brought a damned house 😡
Fuck I wish my house was right next to a race track!
Email sent, sending support from out here in Nevada! Save the Racetracks!
Make the developers pay for their own noise issues. You were there first. F em
That’s bs, it’s you’re property and you should be able to do whatever you want on it
Email sent from California. Having seen the effects of this out here (see Laguna Seca, among others) I 100% back your effort to protect these historical places. The irony is they tell us to keep it off the streets and take it to the track - where will we go when there are no tracks left because of over-priced housing developments? Going back to the outlaw way sounds cool in theory but I would bet a lot of us would rather do what we enjoy in a safe environment.
I wish it would actually make sense for cleetus and Bradenton Motorsport park to team up and and buy a good amount of that land so they can’t build very close to the track to try and help from getting shut down
I saw the WD repost. No need to worry. He will roll the state down a hill and sling it with his excavator. Your in good company with your fan base. You got this.
The last thing we need is to reduce agricultural land! Unite with farmers. Not to mention the increase in traffic congestion for everyone.
Cleet, 4500 homes need supporting services. A point should be raised regarding the ability for local schools, hospitals, doctors, fire dept etc etc to be able to absorb this amount of people in the area, if not the planning should be refused, if the developer is not willing to provide new facilities to support the increase in population. Good luck with the objection. 😎👍
Start a go fund me and let’s by all that land
Research what happened at Bandimere in Colorado.
Emails sent buddy
Sorry dude. I figure they will calculate the tax revenue between 12 to 20 million per year. Between property taxes and increased local sales taxes. Kinda impossible to fight government's greed.
Do it for Cleet and do it for Dale!
What a crap thing to deal with. We have had similar things happen here in New Zealand all the best with the battle hope it dont go threw.
I wish you the best of luck and hope you really can muster enough numbers to impact this decision.  However, that being said, I guarantee that palms have been greased for this to go through and it will.  Sucks, but the truth of the matter is that in this country, money talks.
I just sent out 2 emails. Good luck Garrett.
Take it to the top and see if you can talk to Ron DeSantis.
If they don't want to live by a racetrack don't buy a house there. Same goes for airports. They wouldn't shut down an airport.
I'm on an iPhone and can't copy/paste the email addresses. Link to a Google docs maybe?
Here's my blurb if anyone needs a copy and paste By introducing 4,500 proposed lots next to an existing, thriving race park, animosity is sure to ensue.  A landowner has a right to use their property as they see fit, but they should only do so without infringing on existing use of adjacent, historical properties.  To allow homes to be developed next to a race track is disingenuous to buyers and any future buyer who might not know the area.    Please take this into consideration as you move forward in the future development of Manatee County.  Bradenton Motorsports Park and the Freedom Factory are a benefit for the county that bring more than an ill thought out subdivision.
Done brother
Email sent 😉
I OPPOSE
Hey man I can't come down there but I just sent all those people emails. Keep up the fight man. We need to keep racing alive.
Done, submitted. Since I moved down here to Florida (PSL or The Pizzelle) in 2016, I have never been to Bradenton Motorsports Park because of trying to finish my first foxbody mustang build Ive had since 2014. Still to this day when I finish my build, I want to see Bradenton Motorsports Park and Freedom Factory around. Eventually build an LS, drop it into a 3rd gen Camaro and go racing.
Email sent! Best of luck! 🤞
Emails have been sent!!!
I think you and Uncle Chet should partner up and try to buy the property from the developer and put in a Sprint jet boat course and an off-road track.
Cleet you would have made one hell of a lawyer too! Good speed brotha, rooting for ya from Washington
I was gonna say maybe you shouldn’t have worn a T-shirt and baseball hat to a meeting that is so important to you, but then I realized it’s Florida so what the hell.
Email sent with address to every email listed and with i oppose the application number posted in the subject line. DONE!!!! good luck cleeter!!!!!
Done Cleet!
We need RonDesantis to step in
This very thing happened to Rocky Mountain Raceway in SLC. Shut down due to urban sprawl.
Fans should buy those houses if it goes threw!
Best of luck Cleet from Greece, emails sent brother
Email sent, it would be a shame if this goes through
If it goes through could they not just designate the area close to the track property as a park and not let homes be built in that area?
we have recently had the oldest and most historically valuable race track (Pukekohe park) shut down here in New Zealand. 50 years of racing heritage has come from that race track. and now it's being converted back to horse stables and horse racing. I mean do people do any research into the town when they buy a house? oh, Pukekohe is a nice place. 'buys house' oh? there's a world-renowned race track that hosts the itm500 V8 supercars? ah yeah na can't be having that.
I feel this will end just like Ruby Ridge and Waco
Done sent mine
NASCAR should do him a solid and say something. He had done wonders for the future of Motorsport.
They might as well sell that land back to a farmer now. Their best bet
When huge companies like this buy up the land to develop they almost always win.  And the racetracks bring in people/taxes for the city doesnt hold a candle for them.  The taxes that 4500 houses bring in,  plus the utilities for those houses brings in 10's of millions.
It's funny how a standing business has to make changes because someone else wants to build housing, and they are going to complain.
I’m in AZ so can’t make it but I sent the emails. Anything I can do to help
They always screw the little guy. Keep up the fight.
This is so dumb why try to rezone it to residential next to a damn racetrack. It would make more sense to zone it as industrial tbh.
Y’all need to get other YouTube car guys to get money together and y’all buy that land and make another racetrack. Bring in even more events. 😂😂😂
Can't wait for Cleetus's kill dozer phase.
Done brother. Emailed all of them. Good luck tomorrow.
We Complained for a Year... There are 371 houses there now, across from me...
I did it for Dale, see ya at the meeting brothers!!
I sent my opposition via carrier Eagle to make sure they hear it being delivered.
I lost Altamont Raceway in Tracy, CA with the same BS. Email sent!
E-mails sent. Good luck!
I don’t care what you put between the tracks and the homes, the sound will carry. I grew up with my dad running an 800hp blown big block with open exhaust and it would carry about a mile through the woods. We got calls may times after burnout sessions in the driveway. If I remember right this is essentially the reason for houston shutting down. I remember going there as a kid and it was empty and as it went on the area filled up and got their way
Buy 1,000+ acres away from the length of you’re property
And you are putting this together really well
You need a YouTube partition going
I sent my email!!!
I want to send an email but I’m just worried about scammers
sent
That’s crazy wish I lived out there I would show up brother but I’m definitely goin to reach out an send a email good luck cleet
Done! Love this show, love this track & i love watching you guys...
Here's an idea Cleetus... You and other YouTube's buy up the land around the Freedom Factory. Then turn it into a cattle ranch and raise Freedom Factory Beef!🐄🐂🐃
I believe that the best hope is to get in touch with Desantis. He would be more than understanding of the situation and help out a ton. Right now, I’m sure he doesn’t even know this is happening. All it takes is some emails in his direction to get him aware of what’s going on and then we can go from there
E Mailed. Best of luck
screw that, lets all just buy the homes they're building.   this is so sad. and then they say "Street racing is illegal"....but lets shut down the legal way to race. we don't care how much revenue you bring in to the county. CaPiTaLiSm!
I'm in Colorado near Bandimer /Thunder Valley outside of Denver. Y'all may wanna talk to them and see how they are mitigating this issue. Across I-470 from them is a GIANT new development that has to be a threat to them as well as the Pro-National Motocross track near the drag strip. Best of luck Cleet... I may be in Colorado now, but I remember watching races at the Freedom Factory as a kid... Back when they did crazy ass figure 8 races...
Sent! We got this!
I think they just try to find ways to drag things down to get rid of them because they feel that the rules should be either more strict or we have to go by their guidelines. When racing is in about any of those things it’s about all of us that come together and all they’re trying to do is find ways to tear that apart. That’s how I feel about the situation, it’s just like with everything else where they want to change cars and make it where you can’t use certain things for white racing as racing and we all come together to do it in a safe way isn’t that good enough? They’re always gonna have people out there, ruining it for other people, but why make it ruined for everyone when if you were to take racing away the tracks and everything else or make too many lines were people can’t even go to do these things or see these things they’re going to go to the street so just leave stuff alone.
I know how hard you’ve worked an I watched your video/podcast with the one guy I can’t remember his name but you talked how you threw in all your chips the washing machine and the kitchen sink at purchasing the freedom factory an now some company who doesn’t care about you or the brand you’ve spent over a decade creating is looking to make money an doesn’t care that he could destroy everything you’ve worked for an it’s sad to see this happen to you an unfortunately we’ve seen it happen repeatedly across the county an the shitty thing is that your state legislature doesn’t give to shits about you or your family that there looking at 4500 more tax payers moving in an as far as a 25’ tall wall if the builders want to build houses right on top of a race track make them pay for it!!! It’s so ridiculous how an area zoned for agricultural can be immediately flipped to residential just because someone comes in with a little bit of money and it screws everyone in that area over and nobody cares about it keep fighting Cleat I’ve sent my emails
Good luck
PBIR was too much of a loss already.
Emailed! Thanks for sharing
Just going to have to get a bunch of fans to buy up the housing nearby lol
I move close to you and you are the problem? 🤔 Better start making bribes I mean donations. Find an environmental reason they can’t build. Rare snake , lizard , snail, red headed wood pecker or plant…
We support you from Houston, Texas!! Emails sent!
Wish I could show but def sendin an email
I sent an email to all of them, hopefully it helps even though i'm in California. Good luck tomorrow, hopefully this works out because it would be so sad to see it go.
The thing i learned along time ago in business about county commissioners and county employees, they are generally corrupt...Now in my case a inspector wouldn't sign off on a housing development, unless he was bought a truck...There was nothing wrong with the work, he just wanted his angle, what corrupt government employees call the price of business...So in my case, this person had no idea who he was dealing with, so this is my suggestion to you...Contact the NSA if you have observed, been threatened or been harmed by Corrupt Government Officials...The NSA(National Security Agency) can't stand government corruption, and initiates a RICO ACT investigation if they believe there has been corruption...In my case, that county inspector got to go to prison, where he deserved to be...If you have seen, observed, or believe corruption is at work, make a official complaint to the NSA on their website, then they can get to the truth of matters...
My home track is now the site of a trailer park.  I'm always down to help something like this.
I would push harder not about the possibility of losing the racetrack but losing so much agricultural land. Most people can’t identify with a racetrack, they can identify with farming and the need to eat.
Supporting you from upstate NY ❤️🙏❤️
I don't think the commissioners are ready for the influx of peoples support
Need to show proof of tracks closing and the spike in street racing in the area, but really show how much you bring in tourist revenue. They will listen to money
People being realistic becoming less realistic😂😭
Wow that ladies face behind you in the thumbnail
Just BUY the 2700 acres.....build more tracks AND hotels AND track training facilities!
Won't matter, bubbles about to bust... no way anyone's building 4500 houses.
Emails sent ;)
i sent those emails out i hope they help. sorry i cannot make it in person wish i could bro. but i'll do what i can to help from here
You and whistlel should just come to Texas Florida and Tennessee are both gay asf, Texas has so much land, and is so much better
I will be there
I just sent my email to the three email addresses that you posted . I hope my little contribution helps   I would hate to see something happen to the freedom factory..
I don't understand why they do stuff like this and expect people not to street race. Makes no since.
Email out, brother. Please keep fighting...thank you for the work you've already put in to this.
Driving by greedy home builders who line the pockets of these decision makers usually win.
If you are coming please don't act out this is a serious event
EMAIL SENT!!! LETS KEEP THE FREEDOM FACTORY’S FREEDOM!!!!
you need to buy the land or get the environmental protection agency find an endangered species on that land
email sent. gotchu all the way from WI my brother
Were stuck in a blizzard, I hope my email helps!
Done deal sent an email to every single name mentioned. Good luck brother we support you. BLR TUNING - EFI MOTORCYCLE TUNING from Vancouver Washington.
It should be simple. Race track exists as it has for decades. Either don't build houses next door or deal with the sound as is.
Sent.
Save the tracks! Go Big Cleet
This isn’t just life brother, this is the story of Florida. Since the beginning we have been pulling resources to destroy it. No more swamps, no more natural areas. I get a track isn’t natural but it creates space around it that is all to soon being eaten up. We have 12 acres of mostly woods in an area that used to be farm and groves. It’s all developments now. In a few years we will be surrounded. A large development is beginning soon behind our property just behind one of the drainage canals that we but up against. There will be homes, hotels, and a large area for bands and businesses.. we can’t stop the growth. Damn I’m going to miss Florida.
Put this in the regular channel! This needs full coverage.
For obvious reasons there is no racetrack in the town of Chillingbourne.
Done.  Good luck!
Just sent my email in brother... weve been to bradenton many times and the freedom factory a handful.. we will defend and help as much as we can brother. Please keep us updated (all the way from louisiana)
I hope this doesn't go through! You have my support Garrett. Email has been sent.
Ugh, this type of stuff drives me bananas.  Where is the accountability of developers and home owners buying and living in an area next to a track that was there before they were and complain about it?  It’s mind-boggling.  I grew up near a track in Rockford, IL (Rockford Speedway) and I was and still am worried that the track would /will close because residential and commercial growth in the immediate area.  I spent time there with my dad watching races, he raced there, I raced there, so it would be a memory ripped away if that happens.  I could rant even longer, but I’ll stop and will support from afar.  Good luck and fight the good fight (use your law studies any way you can!).
Email sent
Long time listener, first time caller, I sent an email for you cleet. Hope it helps. What you and the owners of the drag strip have done for the racing community is phenomenal and should be celebrated and protected. Wish you the best.
Email sent
Have you made "campaign contributions" to the democrats on the county council?  That will surely fix this mess!😉
I'm sure I'm not the only person to think this, but starting a gofundme to raise the funds to purchase the property would generate enough monies to secure the land... just a thought.
I sent the email I live in teas but i'm trying to help!
Best of luck
Emails sent. Good luck!!
Quick fix, get the ole governor on your side
No wall in the world will stop the noise
Best of luck. But nothing stops progress and deep pockets
support from Canada as my voice does not help you unfortunately wish you all the best brother and come on team cleet we need to come threw for our boy here
Farmland.... Where are the farmers to oppose this?
You're ultimately screwed, dude. Might as well try and sell to the developers now so you can al least get something for the land. Once the landowners got those parcels rezoned from agriculture, its pretty much a slam dunk. Wish it wasn't true, but that's the local government game in the U.S. Landowners are probably deep pockets and have already greased the political skids (i.e. donated to all the right campaigns) and the ball is in motion. Environmental Impacts are the only thing that can save you now.... and since race tracks aren't very environmentally friendly to begin with, it's going to be an uphill battle.
If you have the local historical societies fight for it to be a national historical sight they can’t touch it🤷🏼
You literally have millions of followers. How can they say no to us?? Gtfo. That plans getting shit down immediately
Make sure to bring up how much street racing will become more popular.
If I could I'd be there. I'm all the way in Kansas City.
Email sent brother. Keep fighting the good fight and good luck tomorrow. Thanks for uniting the car community with all you do for us. Do it for Dale 🇺🇸🦅
Just sent in my email. I will always stand by motorsports. We can fight this!
Done email sent brother.  But if all else fails. There's plenty of us from out of state who should move to some new houses right next to the track. Hell I just talked to the wife,  we just started packing just in case.  I'll call the bank in the morning to see about a mortgage in Florida.  I hear manatee county is nice all times in the year.
Emails sent brother!
I hope it helps I sent email to all the names and shared the video. Good luck tomorrow
Bro. You have to make the point of how much revenue $$. the tracks bring to the county. That's sll they care about. Stress that issue..
Would it benefit from people from around the world emailing in to show opposition on a global scale
I’m in Michigan but I sent the email!! Good luck!!!
So many dollars floating in developers heads..taxes floating through the commisioners heads.. all the makings for a completey one sided perspective. I hope it works out, but chances are those houses are going up.
Once the land has been bought,  the right palms have already been greased.  This is a done deal regardless of what you do.  That’s how I have 5 car washes within a half mile of my home.
I'm so tired of people "fleeing" the burbs  just to bring the whole thing with them. 10s of thousands of acres are being turned into crammed McMcmansion-hoods not even 15 miles from me. Traffic in pass through towns has become ridiculous already.
Sad this is happening.  Welcome too the new world.
Same w/ airports. Insane. People move in, bitch and moan, try to get airports/racetracks closed.
Contractors don't care and people will buy those homes then complain constantly about the noise .  You should be grandfathered ! You and that racetrack were their first!
I'm a Florida resident and im sick of seeing that any patch of ground needs to be built on. STOP ALREADY!!!  Ive been to Bradenton and its a great track.
Done!
Where are all the other YouTube influencers !!! WTF where is the solidarity.  Adam LZ ?  DDE!? Whistling diesel  Diesel bros  Etc !!! Come one guys stop letting LOCAL government FUCK US !!!!!!  WE ALL NEED TO BAND TOGETHER TO DEFEND NO MATTER WHERE THE TRACK IS !!!!
This is do or die, I'm all in for you Cleet!❤ Everytime I open your main channel, it's the video of you in the chopper over the FF saying "It's mine". You got this BROTHA!
The track was there first.
Hey man, if you have to argue this again, make sure you bring HARD evidence of your arguments. Bring documentation showing how your track is thriving. Bring documentation of what decibel level a drag car produces and how far it travels.  Show evidence of how those walls don't work in past events. Show how many people you have attend events in numbers and put those pics of the event crowds on the overhead. Don't just say it. I have to present solutions to commanders in the Army all the time and things like this go a long way and makes you look educated in your cause vs. just talking about it.
I want to petition this thing!!
Emailed, hoping the best for you guys. 🙏
Just emailed all of em'.  Looking out for you, Brother.
Im against building structures against racetracks in my opinion even though I'm not a Florida resident I'm a Arkansas resident I stand with you and all the people that dedicated their heart and soul into your freedom factory so I hope you all win and stop the land development
Man ive emailed them all and signed the petition
Sent.
They forgot cleetus went to law school
Make it so that no future residents can file a noise complaint about the track
Not real tech savvy
Emailed!
I'm trying to do the thing, like any county website its tough.
I'm a manatee resident, but also my son is one of the most prominent real estate agent in the county/state. He also agrees that this will be a horrible idea as he feels that Florida will hit a housing recession pretty soon.
I live in az and we only have one track that is in the valley and close because the other one got shut down but that track is 45 minutes from me if they shut down the strip and circle track that would be horrible
Done!
I raced vallejo speedway in 1980. its now closed. I raced fremont drag strip, (where american graffitti was filmed) and its now closed. I raced baylands raceway park, and its now closed. I could name at least 6 others that are gone.
Unfortunately it won't do anything... this is all about tax money, they will see the increased revenue in taxes as a driving point (no pun intended) to approve it
Why not put this video on the main channel? Get this in front of more people
Hope this works out for you buddy. My city lost its local track 10 years ago. Now driving 3 hours each way to my closest 1/4 mile track is a real buzz kill.
Buy that property to keep it all natural ,using that argument .
Ahh the developer loves some good cheap land next to a race track. County will side with developer they will bring tax revenue baby direct to them cha ching! Sorry to hear...
Just sent out an email. I am from Minnesota and would be right with you guys but its simply to short of a notice. all of you will be in my prayers! GOD BLESS ALL OF YOU!
Let’s go!!
Email sent!! We won't let BM and FF die without a fight!!!
Don't let them kill Freedom!
Get all the famous people that race there either show up and speak as well or get them to email them. If enough of the popular names on the internet start telling people they want to keep that track there it will not pass. Guys like diesel Dave should be advertising on their channel too and get his guys to speak too.
You will lose, just like my hometown racetrack lost.
Fuck housing developments! Live in the city or live in the sticks with space!
I sent emails to the board members listed. Hope it helps :-)
Needs to be on main channel
Hey Clete, I’ve been watching years now but haven’t subscribed until now because I like to keep a low profile on social media but I can get behind this.  As a former M.E. that designed piston, connecting rods and rings for Mahle Powertrain and now a multiple small business owner in Michigan and Indiana I’ve been in the same situation.  I’m emailing the commissioners now to oppose and can’t wait to get down to the FF for an event!  Let’s go!
I included the required information but this is the email sent to all the contacts listed   I kindly but absolutely in all respects oppose application PA-21-09/ Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048  The work Garrett has done restoring this track and reviving car culture as a safe and responsible facet of motorsports is unmatched in the past 20 years. Allowing residential zoning this close to the track complex will end continued long term success for him and team of employees. If this passes, the quality of life for the potential residents would not be ideal and would likely result in the closing of this historical location.
Done Brother. Email sent.
Just sent the email. GOOD LUCK! DO IT FOR DALE!
Done and Done sir... may be the only reason my Midwestern ass ever comes to Florida is to see one of the best race arenas in the nation
Whaaaa! My widdew wace twack go byebye! Whaaaaaaa!
I am going to skip class tomorrow to be there. 4 hour round trip, but your channel has provided much more than 4 hours of entertainment to me since I subscribed back in 2017. I'm going to show up for you guys to repay you for that.
Email sent
yes by
I would love to be home owner I would have a giant binocular
Damn I sent out the most email ever today brother.   Feel like an office boy hahaha.   Hope it helps💪🏼
Man I feel for you, we here in BC, Canada have the same problem, looking to build housing right beside the local dragstrip. Sent my email! Should be a good email turnout.
honestly if you move next to a racetrack, then complain about said racetrack, I think your opinion or voice should not be heard because obviously, your judgment is not sound and you just might be a tad bit insane
Make the case that your racetrack is making streets safer. People are not racing on the streets because they have a safe place to race. The freedom factory. Good luck to you all.
On an iOS device if you don’t know, you can take a pic of the info mentioned, go to your photos and copy from there then paste in an email
Another thing that the county is going to look at is, how are they going to make more money? Taxes your going to pay, or 4500 almost million dollar homes.
This is exactly what happened to the original race track in Bradenton. Sara Mana Speedway. Housing closed in on the track. When Gene and the guys built the tracks they were so far out it took us 3o minutes to get there from town.
Man that sucks ..... but personally I'd love to live next to the drag strip ... but I sleep to drag racing
Bro you can't defend your factory dressed like a goofball In COURT. You need to dress like it's time to take things Serious. And then you wearing a hat ????? Bro wth . You want them to take you serious go in there dressed Rightttt!!! If I was a judge you ain't winning anything
they just want ur money since they’re not making anything off ur events. Plain and simple. FIGHT BACK!!!
That’s just stupid, people don’t need homes, people need racetracks. There forcing you to spend 10s of 1,000 of dollars just to make other people happy.
I live very far from Florida, but I fully support saving racetracks whenever I can. I sent over a very respectful email regarding my opposition to the developments. I believe in being hoonigans, but when we (the car community) need to deal with governing bodies, we need to be respectful, and not be hooligans. As an American I believe we all have a responsibility to fight tooth and nail, for the pride of this great nation. We can never give up, even when the odds are against us, you understand this Clete, and everyone else should too.
Email sent
I sent the emails.  I'm with you 💯
i dont care burn the race track
bribery is somehow legal in the system  and clearly effective. are you doing this?
Push the historical value point more and more. If you can get the city to acknowledge the race tracks as a historical landmark they won’t be able to be torn down
I just sent the email to everyone and I signed the petition. Best of luck brother!!!
Need more freedom. everyone send the email!
Kellispell raceway in Montana was forced out the same way. Race city in Calgary, AB. had to reduce there hours because of too many noise complaints and was eventually turned into a landfill / composting facility. Lots of complaints about the smell from the dump but it doesn't matter when it's owned by the city. The raceway had a 99 year lease but that didn't matter when the city wanted the land. We have a new road course but a membership costs anywhere from $49000. to $250000. a year to race there. When did the land get changed from aggraculture to residential and were you notified by signage? If your driven out turn it into a manure composting facility and maby you will clear out the residents so you can race again. The land next to the raceway should have been allocated industrial only. It's unfortunate that the city's and counties are looking for revenue instead of recreation. Our golf courses are being turned into condos, it seams that if a developer approaches the city with property they want the city will go behind residents backs to give it to them, ours was put threw before the public referendum. I hope the land the raceway is on is designated industrial, you should have more rights against the noise bylaws. Good luck I hope you can get the development stopped and that land designated industrial.
Money. The commish will get paid to vote yes. Probably the only reason it made it out of committee. Get the legal team donations going soon.
😢
Can’t take your property  If you definitely defend them
Case in point Raceway Park Englishtown NJ.. RIP
E-mail sent from Connecticut.
I gotta think there are some very full email inboxes down in Floria right now.  Email has been sent!
Imagine how much money those developers probably "donated" to the board haha
Good luck 🤞
When people start street racing they dont have the right to complain against that.
My email has been sent my guy. I wish you the best of luck! It may not effect me directly but thats no reason to not help. It's our hobby after all and we can't let people take that away from us. I love everything you do for the car community and I enjoy watching your content.
Cleet-Make the landowners an offer! Divide some as wild land and then make your jet boat track, off road track, public use area, and Yes Farming.   Don’t know about you but I’m fed up with idiots building on some of my home state of Wisconsin’s best farmland for homes and factories.  Where exactly are we going to farm when the wells and aquifers go dry in the south and west?  Did we learn nothing over the past 100 years?
Can we let them build the homes then 4500 of us subscribers can buy the houses and move to Florida? Jokes aside I sure hope you are successful. The race tracks have been there for a long time and bring $ to the county. Ill send an email for sure.
I sent the email. This stuff makes me so angry (but I was polite and professional in the email). You said it perfectly in the meeting that this is the exact reason the tracks were built where they were in the first place. I hope they reconsider.
I would also weigh in the fact that race tracks keep people from street racing.
Emails were sent hope everything works out for you!
they haven't seen the aftermath of Ian? That part of land was basically drowned in water, I guess they'd prefer to let people live where flooding is imminent and let them deal with it
Email sent ✅️
Governments only care about money. Having more houses = more tax revenue. They dont give a damn about Racetracks as youve seen across the country with alot of them closing down recently. This is a losing battle.
This is exactly what happened to US 30 Dragstrip here in Indiana. And most of the people who bought the homes weren't from Indiana and didn't care about what the track did for the local community.  Good luck in the fight. I will do what I can, such as it is.
I oppose!
Email sent
I just sent them my email right now!
Get whistlin diesel to share
Same thing killed a racetrack near me in Australia. They built close people whinged blame noise now they have to use blow up fences when track used. Same in the night club district highrise built and they tried to shutdown all clubs and pubs early for noise complaints. Its bullshit and shows the greed of government officials who just look at the money the government will get from extra taxes from more houses. You have an uphill battle. I'd say look at government spending and wastage. If the local government is cash strapped then you know they will push it through for that reason only. Look into bribes for it aswell as that how things get down.
This sucks. Developers have DEEP pockets and good lawyers. In this day and age, the majority doesn't really mean much. It's all about $$$. The thing that might hold them off right now is the housing market is crashing. But that's only temporary
Guys, hate to sound paranoid but you should consider increasing whatever security you have in place at the race track, just in case. Look up the story of The Carlton Tavern, in Maida Vale for an example of what some of these developers are like, and just how little they care about history. If you're standing between them and millions of dollars, they could get ugly.
Cleetus......Same thing happened here in New Jersey at a track called "Englishtown Raceway Park".  No more drag strip!! I E-mailed all......Good Luck Bro!
Done.
Spanaway Speedway got torn down 20 years ago and is now a housing development. I can't imagine what treasures are in the dirt after 50+ years of racing.  Some lucky kid may dig up a valve spring or head gasket from 1960. I doubt a garden would thrive.
In The Name of Freedom!!!!!!!!
I got your back Cleetus! I hope this works!
I live in North Carolina near GALOT and I've seen news articles of some locals complaining. I'm emailing in hopes my voice is heard, and I mentioned money being brought into the economy. Good luck
DONE!
Follow the money, your fighting Goliaths with big wallets. Don't hold your breathe, this same scenario happened on long Island NY years ago.  Sorry to sound so negative but greed is what drives this fallen world until the King of kings  comes back to fix this mess we live in now.
Sent email!
Well we all know that it's not right it's sounds like it's way they can get rid of the truck easier rather then just shut you down clitus you nailed it buddy don't give up stand your ground cos once you start letting down your done I support the  "hell no brother "
Emailed that I OPPOSE!!!
When you say full name does the mean first and last?
Unreal
Sounds like a classic yellow stone situation fix lol take the land owners to the train station… I’m kidding of course.
The end of the beginning
Same thing happened in Jacksonville Florida, shut down..
Just emailed. Rock on brother let the tracks live!!!
DONE
Hey Cleetus sent my email to the county commissioners not sure if it will help because I don't live in Manatee county but I sent it anyway. So tired of these big developers destroying our state. I left pasco county that I was a resident of 40 years because of all the development and congestion. Sorry can't make it tommorow morning to support you but I got your back brother.
Grab Kyle, Brent, JH Diesel, hell hit up DDE. Pack the courthouse lot with racecars. Make an event out of it and just tell 'em Look, this is the volume of people and money we're bringing into the county. How many sold out events have you hosted so far? I've lost count.
Good job
nobody takes our tracks away from us. I will never allow another track to fold without support(had this exact thing happen to the track that was near me)
I got you. I am a Bradenton resident for 28 years. I sent the emails!
Here in the UK we had a busy motocross track which had been established for 40+ years. Developers bought the adjacent land, built on it. The people that moved in ignored the clearly signposted track, made complaints to our local government about the noise and got this track shut.   Imagine moving next to a race track and complaining about noise to get it closed down.   The same has happened at Silverstone, and they’ve massively restricted the allowed race days by law.   Keep fighting that fight, too many community tracks have been destroyed over the years.
The land where the developer is wanting to build, is any wildlife protected under federal or state law?any native sites or ceremonially grounds should be on the land owner to prove there is nothing
Best of luck to you - but you have an incredibly steep uphill battle ahead of you.  I'm a HUGE fan - sincerely.  But I'm going to be brutally honest.  Your argument was not very compelling.  I'm not being critical - I promise.  But It's going to boil down to money (like most things in this world).  The tax revenue that 4000+ homes will generate is ENORMOUS.  It's going to be almost impossible for most local governments to walk away from that level of easy / annually recuring revenue.  You need to remind them of the environmental issues, traffic, crime and burden to local infrastructure (roads / water / sewer / law enforcement / school system) that a development will cause.  I know that you and your followers LOVE the dragstrip and racetrack - but I assure you they don't give a damn.  Emotional pleas will not work.  They only care about the $$$...how much it's going to make vs how much it's going to cost.  Remind them of the incredible cost to the environment and quality of life for local residents - and hope that they heed your warning.  As someone that lost our local track 18 yrs ago - I'm rooting for you - but you need to come armed for bear!
You did a fantastic job presenting and explaining yourself in front of the city good job I will do as much as I can. I wish I could quit my job and come support you but I’m a poor man and will do what I can from Bryan college station texas
emails sent these plans cannot go into effect
Maybe it’s time to put some money into their re-election campaigns.
Being from Rockford Illinois this same thing happened to Byron dragway and Rockford speedway. Both tracks won their fight so I wish the best for you boys. However trying to build a housing development during a market downturn seems foolish to me
I grew up in MD. I had friends who lived next to MIR when it was still Buds Creek. They got an earful every Friday and Saturday night. No way a wall is stopping the noise, it may quiet it up a tiny bit, but not much. I hope you can work this out!! Your channel is booming and you have top notch content.
That right there is why there is so much street racing. My local track shut down around 7 years ago and street racing caused so many problems. They recently reopened it because someone bought it out "Thankfully" I really hope and pray that this goes your way bro!
Try to get the track as a historic land mark
They have no idea the turnout. I sent everyone an email.
I emailed, gave my full address and name, liked and commenting in hopes this video reaches more people
I wish buddy I live in Vancouver BC north of the real line
Man you build a race track in the middle of nowhere and 10 yr later they want to build 4000 homes next to it guarantee your track will die seen it time and time again they will sign this agreement knowing they are buying a home next to a race track,the said homeowners and a year later there will be a Karen mobilize the rest of the Karen's and you will have nothing but hell from Then on all money you make will be  will be spent on lawyers and we know they will drain you man you have a battle on your hand I live in louisiana and have been to this facility you can run there year round I would hate to not spend my money there last time I went in your town I spent 1500 dollers in one weekend think about what you are doing good luck cleet I wish you the best brother I wish I lived closer I would come to the meeting
They are doing this same crap here in Sacramento, CA. The track here is on barrowed time, the drag strip is a perfect track for record setting withthe DA we have in May and September. The dirt oval is heavily regulated on when it can be used. This crap just pisses me off.
Emails have been sent, hope this pulls through for you guys Cleeter, being from NE I won’t be able to be there in person but you’ve got my support💪🏼🇺🇸
Where are the email addresses and application number?
The same thing happens in oz it just makes ppl do it on the street
Email sent 📧 god speed from Texas
Done.. People, this took me exactly 2 minutes to compose and send.. DON'T SLEEP ON THIS..
This very thing happened here in Utah with Rocky Mountain Raceways.. Identical. Then after all the nonstop complaints the owners sold the track(s) and they’re now warehouses.  We no longer have anywhere to race other than the street. So someone please tell me how this is a better option? I feel for you, Cleet. I wish you all the best, but I sadly think you’re fighting a losing battle. ☹️😔 hopefully your following will change it, but the 10s if not 100s of thousands of citizens here trying our hearts out to save our track(s)—the government always wins. Whatever gets them more money and/or attention.  By the way, look up UMSA. They try to fight for exactly what you’re doing too. Maybe they can help you as well.  Good luck everyone! I hope you can save yet ANOTHER track from being shut down!!!!
Sprawl just sucks in every way possible. Even for cars :/
What's this the chick in the background just mean mugging?
Done and done Garrett. Keep us informed!😀
Email sent!
Emails sent from Fort Wayne Indiana
You should request that the board does a noise study. They can at least request that from the developer. They can then create a noise contour map from one of your events and that could create the acceptable boundary for residential development.
Sent.  Let’s get this stopped !!!
That lady in the background looked super annoyed lol
I've got 6 emails, I'm going to email all of them 😂
$22 Million in additional annual tax revenue is what the Planning Commission sees by adding those 4500 homes.  You have an uphill battle.  Wish you the best.
Email sent !!
Brother u need 2 reach out 2 everyone that has race there all of okc and havey d all of them
Email sent, challenging everyone to do the same 👊
Sorry sir. You're in trouble. I'm guessing, I don't know, I could be wrong, I don't know these people but these massive developments are usually laid on foundations of greased palms. Money talks to those in power.
cleetus do a counter offer for the land , you have a lot friends that could and might help you out , keep all the good videos coming .
If they do that, where do they think people are going to race if there's no track left. Their going to bring it to the street. Then, they will have a bigger issue with street racing.
Emailed all of them, wish I could be there tomorrow. Best of luck.
Thought Florida had freedom! 😂 Guess not
Wow I hate to see this start to happen right after you.built the Freedom Factory.  My first reaction is the developers have already bought the politicians and everyone they need to go ahead with it.  The reason they  build next to racetracks is they want to shut them down so they can buy the land and tear down the tracks to build more houses.
Number 13 on trending!! Save the freedom factory!!! These homes will destroy it 100%
Yeah I could care less about attending race tracks.  But I just emailed all those emails quoting what you said to say. You will definitely be in trouble if they go build those homes and you’ve been there 50 years and clearly people care.  Support from Texas
We have seen this happen in australia they snake their way in build some properties and over time erode the track with noise restrictions then finally the track has to close. This happened at Wakefield Park in NSW most recently.
just sent all seven from Canada ,,, You got this Cleet
Email sent. Hoping for the best for the Freedom Factory and Bradenton Drag Strip.
Much like gun clubs.  Garrett will be lucky if he is not shut down in 12 months if that goes through.
Emails sent from Maine!!  This is happening everywhere,  we lost our home town track here in southern Maine to developers and damn near lost our regional 1/4 mile track to Amazon. THIS is where we all hold the line and make our voices heard!
Just sent my e-mail.  I hope they get so many comments, they can't vote to change it!
This literally killed a circle dirt track just 5 mins from my home and it used to be a well known dirt track in michigan and was bought by a rich person who moved to the area and didn't like the noise
if it is built, id be posting signs EVERYWHERE around the development that a racetrack is right next door.
Hoping for the best there CLEET!!! Email done!!! Let's go guys and gals!!!!
As primarily an off roader. We deal with this type of thing, frequently, when it comes to trail closures. You’re going about this, the right way. With enough support for the tracks. You can shut them down.
Done!
This is bullshit.
Email sent!!! Bunch of suits thinking about money and not about doing what is right.
No sure what goes down where you live but out our way we have a race track that's been there for decades along side where water skiing takes place on a lake. Once it was way out in the woods but these days its been encroached by development. And as you might expect, there were noise complaints which ended up being adjudicated along the lines of "You built next to a race track? What did you expect? Case dismissed."  Here's hoping your action goes down the same path. Good luck.
Maximum of 25ft. That means they'll put up a 6 foot chain link fence.  Next time wear a suit. Dressing like you're going to the bar may be your freedom to express yourself but the Board takes their job seriously and if you don't (by causal dress) they can take offense to that. Gotta play the game. You're not some YouTuber, you're a business owner and major tax payer. Let them know how serious you are.  Don't tell them to "look up photos of the crowd" submit your own proof how great the tracks are. Don't tell them, show them! Find the stats on how much tax revenue the venue created and how many jobs there are. Know your attendance numbers. Stats, stats, stats!
We lost our local drag strip here in Burleson Texas because of this. Homeowners complained till the city closed it down. The developers know the wall wont work, they don't care. They just want money.
Sent from all 6 of my accounts.
The long term solution is to put together a partnership, buy the land, and lease it back out for ag use again.  Even if you just break even you'd have a permanent buffer
I just sent my email, Clete. Wish I could get up to Manatee tomorrow to show my support for the Freedom Factory.
I live by Texas motor speedway it’s not bad at all the traffic is what’s bad.
Sent a email to all listed.....
Emails sent hope this helps.  We visited last year from northern WI both tracks are amazing!!!
wtf... who lives in a community with a 25 foot fence?  never seen or heard of anything like it, except I guess Trump's boarder wall.  Best of luck on having this stopped.  I've watched two of my 3 local tracks die exactly because of this in the past 20 years.  :(
Emails sent.  I hope it helps.
Fuck all the city offices and officials that want this to happen for there pockets!! CLEET you and wd need to tie up and just let the country know how we feel!! We are together and y'all have the nation on your side!!!
invite the county commissioners for a car ride
Done!!  Good luck.  It would be a sad day if the tracks end up being forced to close
Your name is garret! Shit man all these years and I assumed your name wasn’t Cletus lol but I never knew
Developers like this have been ruining America for decades
U can see how upset she is about your opposition cleet🤣am dying and the smerk to your comment on urbanization against a well love track for the culture goes to show the heart and soul for cars and just all round fun and socialization hits businesses owners in this real estate trate TO DAH COOOOOOOOREEEE💪🏻 Keep fighting for what we love….HELL YEH BRUTHHHHERRRRRRR👏🏻
Is street racing going to be legal ?
Theyre taking our race tracks, our dirtbike tracks, our trail systems, our free ride land. They literally want us to be NPCS and have 0 hobbies, 0 fun 0 anything. They want us to just work and come home n sleep. Ive lost so many racetracks to these greedy owners over building next to tracks and people complaining. I just lost my drift track here up in NH, and we lost a 2nd racetrack earlier last year. Were losing anything car related and the only thing we can do is travel for hours on end, or do street racing, what do you think were forced to do ?
I fucking hate the government.
I’m here for the support brother I haven’t got to attend a event yet,  this can’t be the end!
Email sent, really hope it helps.
Cleet for mayor
I have sent my email brother. got some more buddies on it as well. hope and freedom sprinkles from Michigan headed your way.
Do you have to be a resident of America to appose or can international people email too!
We're all here to help with the support. I sent my email to all the folks you listed. We're all backing you and want only the best. Y'all got this.
Brother those dip shits have known what they are to move into. Butt wholes ruin are lives and track's all about big money and destroying us
Yes you will hear them..i lived in daytona. When you choose to live near a track, you WILL hear it. Buyers fault. Not yours
Garrett, you should buy as much of the land as possible and get in touch with Ducks Unlimited and get it into a conservation easement. That way you're guaranteed 99 years no one will mess with it. Then you have a tax deduction for the work and money you put into it. Also it's a win for the Ducks.
email sent
sent my email to them all. you have my support from Canada.
Can you buy the land from the developers?
I grew up 10 minutes from Lake Ming in California. It’s one of the most significant boat drag venues on the west coast, they’re currently trying to ban boats that are louder than 95dB which will essentially end any sort of performance boating there. All because people not from the area don’t understand it’s cultural significance and impact on the community.
Property taxes from 4,500 new homes vs. a noisy racetrack...good luck!! I truly support the track but the reality  is city hall usually wins, especially when there's a new revenue source involved.
Emails Sent. Good Luck Cleetus
Damn, im sorry I dont live in your state. Hopefully the people that can vote, email their board do so. Im sure this is a group of Karen's mad they hear freedom ringing at the race track.
Email sent.
Let me play you a very sad song on a broken violin.
EVERYONE SIGN A PETITION TO PREVENT HOMES BEING BUILT NEXT TO RACETRACKS AND ON NATURAL AND AGRICULTURAL LAND!!!!
City council and urban planning doesn't give a shit about the track. They're not your friend, they do not care. They're crooks.
Bro where do we even go can you like put the address somewhere
Done
Leave it to the government to let "developers" turn productive land into land that'll only ever produce tax income ever again... Yay for cheap spec home subdivisions...
As someone who has lived all 40 of my years a mile from a race track I am in full support of you and the freedom factory. Where I live it's a bunch of " good old boys" and farmers in the area and most of us use the track as a social gathering every Friday night. The type of people these housing developments are aimed at attracting are not the folks who would want to live next to a track.  If I'm not at the track and home during a race I can sit and listen and tell you every different class that racing. Music to MY ears. All these people that move into this development are going to hear is noise and they will bitch and moan until they get their way. I'm sending my emails as a lover of short tracks, drag strips, mud pits, super speedways, and all other types of automotive venues in hopes of not seeing more beloved tracks die. Good luck Cleeter and God speed.
They need to stop building houses and taking down natural land!!
i just did all 7 brother
I think a fair compromise would be build the homes underground with sound proofing, cause most likely, most of them are gonna be office hermits anyway hardly ever seeing the light of day just saying, respectfully
Get it done!!! Save the track!!!
I wish you the best of luck I really do... but the amount of homes they want to build and the boost of foot traffic and $$$ it would bring that area is all the counsel is thinking about... the city I live in is actually doing the opposite situation and building industrial parks that make a lot of noise after living here 30 years... the don't care... it's all about taxes and money... and if your track is the sacrifice to make more money... well good luck man
Just sent my email brother....old frostbitten Canadian boy , hoping to help keep the bald eagles flying down in Florida !!!! Hope you and the family have a great Christmas,  God bless y'all....keep up the great content..👍
This is obviously about money. It is always about money. Who is the development company wanting to develop the land? Who runs the company? How are connected with members of the county board? Because there is always palm greasing in these decisions. How much revenue does 4500 homes on an average of .33 acres going to bring the county each year? Compare that to the amount of money spectators bring to the county for your current events per year. Hotels, restaurants, gas stations, taxes on your revenue from merch sales and concessions. Best of luck.
Hey Garrett. Long story short I’m a developer and we actually had the desoto speedway under contract prior to your purchase but decided not to go through with it obviously. Glad we didn’t because I love your content. If you need some help on this let me know. We deal with rezoning a lot and can help you with what we have learned over the years and how to beat a developers pitch.
@WhistlingDiesel having fun needs your help
Emails being sent!
More and more farm land lost everywhere in this country to home builder/developers…..guess we’ll just order pizza in the future when we want to eat.
If this all goes south for y'all I hope the whole neighborhood next to the track is an HOA and everyone is miserable living in it racetrack or not. Good luck.
Bro I woauld so come but I'm the only taper and if I don't come in I'd probably get fired lol I work in tampa though so it's only like a hr or so. I really hope they keep the race track. My brother met you at one of the recent events and got his shoes signed lol ill be at the next one if I'm not working do I can atlas see it if they do try to take it
Edited: Email sent! This opposition and you both, have my full support.  I like the emphasis on the point you made... moving racetracks out of the urban areas to appease the people. The elephant in the room with these people is "you can't encroach on us, but we can encroach on you" It's sad at the end of the day. But it's always an uphill battle against government.  God Bless, from Paris, TX
All you need is some endangered species in that land and they can't build shit.  So "import" something exotic, get pics and video, don't go to the city, go to the watchdog groups first.  Get some pink haired kids out there protesting against the evil city killing all the animals, get that on the news.  Paint those yet-unbuilt homes with a stigma that turns the project into a money sink.
I hope you can win this one and move forward is really sad to see how people just don’t care about racing sports
As a resident of Manatee county, the amount of housing is already astronomical.  There is a constant rise of massive subdivisions.  Our roads can't take it, our businesses and parks are being eliminated because of it.  It's growth, but it's not zoned properly here and our infrastructure here is awful.
took 1 minute. email sent brother
Done and Done!!!! You have my support all the way from Baton Rouge, La !!!! Keep up the videos and great events!!!
Where I live, we have a moto track in town and on race day you can hear the Motos on the other side of town like 3-5  kilometres away   And that’s just motorbikes, I couldn’t imagine drag cars that are 1500+ horsepower racing they would be able to be heard from miles away plus that land looks all flat and that’s worse
Email sent brother
WHAT!!!!!!!!??????
I will definitely do the email but I also had a question. If you bring mullet with you can you do a demonstration on how loud race cars are so these people can really understand?
Call Desantis office for help
You need signatures
Sounds like that board was bought and paid for... Big money in land development...
Email sent
What kind of housing are they proposing to build there? I ask because Low income Multi-family affordable housing units are underrepresented nationwide. I am not trying to discourage this creator and this race community from rallying behind the track. Just wondering what is being said on the other side of this specific debate.
Ask if whistlin diesel can have his viewers chime in
Hi Garrett, I wrote a heartfelt letter to all the commissioners you mentioned.  I am hoping for the best in this situation for all of us who have a vested interest in this track.
I'm not sure on your financial situation but if you were able to buy the land yourself and make it into an offroad park *not as loud as a drag strip* you could potentially make loads of money and have guaranteed safety.
Just sent in my email
Make sure you guys add in the contribution to local communities. Purchase of services like construction, landscaping, etc., racers supporting local businesses like food trucks, restaurants, hotels/motels when big events happen. Any volunteer work you all have done. Make sure the local government knows your contribution to the local community and it’ll hit closer to home. Best of luck!
Done and done, emailed all of them. Good luck Cleetus
Garret is a freekin damn good Lawyer!
Just buy them out or you lose
E-mail sent from California.
Pad their pockets and it'll disappear.  Guaranteed the developers are doing the exact same
Just emailed all 7 individuals on the list. I hope it makes an impact. Speaking from experience in NY with National Speedway on Long Island, you’re absolutely right about the residents eventually shutting you down. Good luck Garrett.
Did it...Hope I did it right
Happy to help. I would love to buy a house next to the track tho 😂
I have sent emails to all the email addresses
Lived near Atlanta dragway my entire life. Drag strip always had big turn outs for events year after year. My dad's buddy used to own the track in the 80s and 90s and ran a pro stock team Gary Brown. It wasn't until they built apartment RIGHT beside the track that the talks of it getting shut down started. Gary got swindled out of the track or he'd still own it to this day, when it went for sale he tried to buy it to keep it alive with no luck. Now the lands about to be fucking houses and warehouses and if you've ever been to the drag strip or familiar with Commerce there is PLENTY of land around to build elsewhere. It blows my mind how something can be a staple in the community for YEARS and people will move in knowing the track is their and then have the nerve to complain about it and ultimately get it shut down. Makes absolutely zero sense. Let's destroy something that's been their for 50 years that bring out thousands of people year round all for greed.
Email sent.
Done
Email sent brither
Just saw this, I live in cape coral fl n want to drive up, just looking for a bit more info other than just show up. Thank you.
It sounds like a story about people that moved near an airport and then complained about the noise. I feel that a place to race is much better then street racing anytime.
Not going to be able to show up tomorrow, but I sent my email in for support. Good Luck!
Fill that land with gopher tortoises, tori? whatever plural is for tortoise...
Watch for noise ordinance being passed to give the developer some traction. Without that yo should be okay long-term. Read:  Appeals Court Affirms that Race Track Was Not a Nuisance Jun 14, 2013  An Ohio state appeals court has affirmed the ruling of a trial court that the noise emanating from a race park did not constitute a “nuisance.”   The plaintiffs in the case were residents of Sterling Township, who lived in close proximity to the Moler Raceway Park. The park was situated on 40 acres of land in Sterling Township on which a quarter-mile dirt track motor raceway is operated.   Notably, there are no zoning regulations or noise ordinances in the township. Nevertheless, the raceway is surrounded by trees in order to help with noise and dust. As adjoining landowners, the residents sued Moler on June 16, 2008, alleging that the operation of the raceway constitutes a nuisance. The residents sought damages for loss of use and enjoyment of property and diminution of property values. They also sought injunctive relief including, but not limited to, a complete shutdown of commercial activities at the raceway.   On May 3, 2010, a four-day bench trial began. Proffered testimony revealed that the raceway is in operation approximately 25 days per year, holding racing events primarily on Friday evenings, and occasionally on Saturdays and Sundays. Each racing event consists of roughly 100 cars per night racing in four separate classes on a dirt track, which is wetted down before the races begin. Each car that participates in a race must have a muffler. The raceway opens around 4:30 p.m. with racing beginning at 7:00 p.m. and lasting typically until 12:30 a.m., although some race nights have extended until 1:45 a.m. During this time period, the residents claim that the noise produced by the Raceway is loud enough to interfere with conversations held inside or outside their respective houses and disrupts their ability to sleep. Furthermore, several of the Residents contend that “post-race activity,” including honking car horns, can be heard as late as 3:30 a.m.   In addition to the testimony of the residents and other persons living around the Raceway, expert witnesses testified on behalf of both parties. The residents’ expert witness, Eric Zwerling, is a noise expert who testified that noise from the Raceway was an “unnatural” sound with decibels (dBA) reaching levels that interfere with a person’s sleep. The defendants’ expert witness countered that the sound from the raceway is no greater than sounds emanating from other local events.   On June 28, 2010, the trial court issued a decision denying the residents’ request for a permanent injunction to halt operations at the raceway. Nevertheless, the trial court also determined that the raceway could become a nuisance and, consequently, ordered several restrictions on further operation of the raceway. These restrictions provided that all races must be completed by midnight and that racing may only be held on Fridays. Moler appealed the 2010 Decision and, on September 6, 2011, this court remanded the case to the trial court “to determine with clarity whether or not a nuisance exists or is anticipated to exist, what type it is, and what restrictions are proper pursuant to Civ.R. 65(D).” Brackett v. Moler Raceway Park, LLC, 195 Ohio App. 3d 372, 2011 Ohio 4469, ¶ 27, 960 N.E.2d 484 (12th Dist.) (Brackett I).   On remand, the trial court issued a decision similar to the 2010 Decision with the exception that the restrictions placed on the Raceway were deleted and the following language was added:   “The court finds that the operation of the defendants’ race track is not a nuisance per se.   THE COURT FINDS that acts constituting a nuisance has [sic] not been proven by clear and convincing evidence.   There are no sound or noise standard [sic] in Sterling Township, Brown County, Ohio.   An anticipated nuisance can be enjoyed by a Court, but only when the factor [sic] show that the anticipated or threatened nuisance will occur by clear and convincing evidence. This was not done in this case.   The plaintiffs have failed their burden of proof. The Plaintiff’s case was not proven by the required standard of proof.   The plaintiffs case is hereby dismiss [sic].”     On appeal, the residents’ made four assignments of error.   In their first assignment of error, the residents made several arguments regarding the expert witnesses in this case. First, the Residents contend the trial court erred in considering Moler’s witness, because he had not performed any independent noise testing in the Sterling Township community, had not performed a study or published any articles relating to the impact of noise, and did not state his opinions to any probability or reasonable scientific certainty. Second, the residents argued the trial court erred in stating that the testimony of Zwerling and their expert was “conflicting.” Finally, the residents asserted the trial court erred in stating that the noise testing by Zwerling was performed on only one day and was, therefore, a “snapshot” test.   The appeals court was unmoved. “While we do not deny that the parties presented convergent views of the noise level coming from the raceway and its impact on the surrounding Sterling Township community, it is apparent that the trial court found Moler’s evidence, including the testimony of the defendants’ expert, to be more credible. After a careful review of the record, we are not persuaded by the residents’ contention that the trial court’s judgment that the testimony of Zwerling and the defendants’ expert is conflicting is against the manifest weight of the evidence. Although the residents clearly find their expert to be more qualified in the field of noise testing, the trial court was in the best position to observe the witnesses and ultimately make credibility determinations. See Schneble, 2012 Ohio 3130 at ¶ 69. Accordingly, the trial court did not clearly lose its way and create a manifest miscarriage of justice in making such credibility determinations.”   In their second assignment of error, the residents argued that “the trial court erred in stating that the residents had the burden of proving their case by clear and convincing evidence when the proper standard in a nuisance case is proof by a preponderance of the evidence.”   The court agreed with the plaintiffs on “the proper standard in a nuisance case.   “However, the residents sought a permanent injunction against Moler to completely shut down all commercial activity at the Raceway. In order to obtain injunctive relief, the residents had the burden to prove their allegations by clear and convincing evidence. Brackett I at ¶ 16; City of Youngstown v. McDonough, 7th Dist. No. 00 C.A. 19, 2000 Ohio 2628, 2000 WL 1847662, *2 (Dec. 12, 2000). Thus, even though the Residents were only required to prove the existence of a nuisance by a preponderance of the evidence, they were further required to establish the need for injunctive relief by clear and convincing evidence.”   In their third assignment of error, the residents argued that, “rather than following the directive of this court in Brackett I to provide further analysis of its decision, the trial court simply deleted the restrictions it had initially placed on the Raceway. In doing so, the Residents contend the trial court ‘completely and totally’ failed to follow this court’s order and, consequently, the trial court’s 2012 decision was made in error.”   The appeals court disagreed, writing that “based upon our review of Brackett I, as well as the trial court’s 2010 and 2012 Decisions, we find that the trial court did not err as a matter of law by not following this court’s directive. The trial court did as it was instructed on remand. As such, the residents’ third assignment of error is overruled.”   In their final assignment of error, the residents argued the trial court “erred in conducting independent research prior to ruling on the case.”   The appeals court countered that the trial court “took judicial notice of facts regarding State Route 32 and the Franklin County metropolitan area. The statements do not indicate that the trial court relied on outside research in forming its opinion. Rather, the trial court’s statements regarding State Route 32 and Franklin County are introductory material regarding the geographical areas in and around Sterling Township.”   The panel concluded that “if any of these statements were made in error, the error would be harmless, as the statements made by the trial court are not relevant to the trial court’s findings and, as analyzed above, sufficient, competent, credible evidence exists on the record from which the court could conclude that the Raceway did not constitute a nuisance. Schneble v. Stark, 2012 Ohio 3130 at ¶ 16.”   Corinne Brackett, et al., v. Moler Raceway Park, et al.; Ct. App. Ohio, 12th App. Dist., CASE NO. CA2012-06-009; 2013 Ohio 1102; 2013 Ohio App. LEXIS 990; 3/25/13   Attorneys of Record: (for plaintiffs-appellants) John H. Schaeffer, J. Douglas Drushal, Patrick E. Noser, Critchfield, Critchfield & Johnston, Ltd., Wooster, Ohio. (for defendants-appellees) Joseph L. Trauth, Jr., Michael T. Cappel, Keating Muething & Klekamp PLL, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Better call Saul.
CLEET!!! You need to address the crime rate decrease on racing/wrecks/deaths caused by street racing!! Tracks pull racers to a place where playtime happens in a controlled environment!!! It’s a direct correlation!! Do your research in your state!! It may help in your argument!  Read this please!! I study Criminal Justice in Texas!! Street racing can cause major problems.. my life started around the race track and now I don’t have one because Baytown got destroyed and turned into a business district!! It destroyed my ability to take my future children to go make memories with my dad when I was younger!! I don’t want this to happen anymore!
Email sent, you've got tons of support. Hoping for the best.
Dude, I'd show up if I could. I'm in frigging illinois
Cleetus and crew are going to to keep America alive !  ALoomisoo7866
Awesome grass roots effort here
I'm tired of these rich Yankee carpet baggers coming to Florida and fucking up our state. It's changing to much. You need to fight these assholes with all your might.
U got my support I'm not originally from Florida
Wish I could be there to support you man! Hope it’s a great turn out and the e-mails help too. Good luck!
cant make it in person so fire off an email Good luck Cleetus
Welcome to our world where firearms manufacturers and shooting range owners are vilified after residential homes are built adjacent to our businesses that were established for decades. The bottom line is money and power. The tax revenue windfall from hundreds or thousands of homes along with new votes far outweigh what the firearms industry generates and with tax revenues comes political influence.   Good luck with trying to curb that development. There's simply far too much money on the table for the government bureaucrats  to side with a couple of little racetracks and a handful of racers. The best course of action is try to be compensated by the developer at a fair price and move the tracks or have a grandfather clause put in place with a sunset of 100 years ensuring that no matter what, the tracks cannot be regulated out of existence. The alternative is the tracks will be shut down through an ordinance as you'll be facing hundreds if not thousands of voices after the land is developed and occupied by angry people with sensitive ears along with those who don't enjoy a whiff of methanol in the air.   "We must all hang together, or ... we shall all hang separately," - Benjamin Franklin
Sending my dad, a lifetime racing enthusiast and Manatee County resident tomorrow to support
Sent my emails from Washington. Good luck Brother
I have emailed through, though being from New Zealand dont know if my email will count.  Will keep my fingers crossed for you Cleet.
Emails sent. That is the least we can do to help. Been a long-time viewer and would hate to see this project move forward. I can only imagine the amount of support you are going to get tomorrow!
Done brother pray for the best
They should down ares in palm beach county.
They are going to tax you out of the area.
I sent an email as well opposing this development. I live in Mississippi and fully support what you and your team are doing!!
You gonna loose. You better get some commissioners in your pocket. Take the ball cap off and lawyer up, or sell to the developer.  These people don’t care about 1 weekend event dick, how much taxes you think they get off every year for 4500 homes.  You sound like your pleading to your mom.  Buy the land from the developer, is your best bet.  They gonna burn your ass.
Have a bunch of fans buy an acre next to the track! I'll buy an acre !!
and they wonder why street racing is on the rise. They need to look to themselves for the reason.
email sent from UK, Good Luck
Sorry to say this but this is all over the world. In Europe they had success to kill the entire race community and the kids who now a days dies due to unsafe cars on more unsafe freeways too bad... 😞  US is trying to kiss ass on the politicians in the EU due to climate etc etc etc  🤮  Hope you can stop this from happening...  We only have the US to go to to either watch or participate in real racing.. 💪🏻  In 2035 we can only buy fucking Tesla packed cars her  WTF!!! Due to EU..😠😠😠
Good luck, you’re facing a giant.  PropertyTaxes and tax revenue from ag land and tracks versus 4000 plus 200k homes (guessing) won’t probably win as at land.  In the end, I bet it comes to tax revenue.    I hope I’m wrong but you’re facing a giant.
Buy the land from them
And those are the people that wine that people are racing around their house to
I'll sing a online petition if available
In the UK we have the same problem with housing being built close to our beloved  racetracks and the government are pushing for new buildings sites and the broke farmers are selling the land to them to recover something
They are literally doing this all across Florida. Taking away Agricultural land that serves 2 purposes, 1. To maintain the true natural beauty of Florida, and 2. To help upkeep certain resources that we need. I was born and raised in the Hillsborough County/ Tampa Bay area and just the past year we moved away from it because of how developed it was becoming. You couldn't find a decent house for a qtr million dollars, and now that's even higher. The House my Family and I used to rent before we bought, was right around $300,000, that was 3 years ago, just recently I looked at it again and the price of it is now $577,000+ for that same house. I now live right on the line between Hernando and Sumter county, and even though the housing price crisis is certainly up here, at least when you buy a house here you can get reasonable land to go along with it for a fraction of what a house and land costs further south in the major cities of Florida. Not to get political here as I know that is frowned upon by Cleet, but FL is slowly but surely becoming California 2.0 in this regard, it is truly sad to see.
Sorry dude but you are effed. And all that $$$$$ for those homes?  Don’t think if you make too much a stink they will ruin you or even take your life.
Respectful email sent.  Regards, Tim (Michigan)
Strength in numbers 💪
Did my part to help my hobby.
I'm from Ohio and I filled out everything I hope everything goes well 🤞
email sent from Melbourne, Fl. Im going to need a place to drive my jet-powered go-kart!!!!
Good luck brother!
Cleeter, I live in North Jersey and if Florida is anything like it is here, all they care about are "ratables" meaning property tax money. If you can show what you and BMP do for the local economy, including generating jobs, you'll be better off. Either way, good luck to you and your amazing teams.
Cleetus I do Energy project development and we encounter noise ordinances all the time. We can usually mitigate with a staggered shrub or tree line, or a berm. Reach out if you like I’ll tell you anything I know to help.
Like I said make a go fund me, and let's buy that land and make it a nature preserve.
You have to put up a billboard man. Fair warning for anyone about to pull into that place. Let them know that you were there first, and that we won't stop.
Sent an email!
Sent, Good luck Cleet!
Unfortunately with planning and county commissioner processes, appealing to the hearts usually doesn't work.  Instead you have to show how their plan breaks ordinances or laws or planning codes.   Is their burm high enough to block the sound?  A sound test could be done to know the max decibels at the proposed site and then calculate if the sound would violate residential codes.  That is one way to stop the zoning change.
The taxes from 4500 homes is immense. Good luck to you, you're gonna need it.
Opposed  via email
email sent
Emailed
Hey Cleetus. I sent my email to all commissioners. Hi from Virginia and good luck.
There are a ton of YouTubers in Florida this week!!!! Why don't they all know and have been vlogging about it.. LZ fest is this weekend..
You should post about your second channel videos on the community section of your first I didn't even know you had a another channel until a week ago
Exactly why 66 Speedway in Joplin Mo. got shutdown. Don’t move next to or build a house next to an already running historical racetrack if you can’t handle the bald eagles...
I'll go out there and bury some "native american relics" then call the archaeology surveyors and news
@cleetusM I’m an engineer that deals with this sort of stuff from time to time. You need to see if you can get the track deemed historic. Idk if it’s old enough but there’s a process to get this done.
I sent an email brother. Save the ractracks!
Man why didn't you buy the land if it was for sale.
Get it into county records place ads in the local newspapers to notify everyone that your business is there running and makes noise this way you have record that you warned them and it’s public record it helps later for sure been through this with our trucking company and it definitely helped down the road when people complained
you buy a house next to a drag strip that your problem not the racetrack
My home town tracked closed because they wanted to build more ware houses and it ended up putting rmr out of business. Hopefully this dosent get passed for your guys sake
Cleetus Needs to propose something like at M1 in Michigan. It will help by having property owners connected to the track.
I live in North Dakota and absolutely love what you guys have created - email sent, brother!!
I'm a resident of the UK, now I imagine there's nothing *I* can do, but I still want to ask... Is there *anything* people from other countries can do to help?
Look Up M1 raceway in Pontiac Michigan. They have Car Condos on the premise. Maybe a compromise could be made that there is a buffer zone and some homes built connected to the motorsports park. Then there are property owners that are Pro Race track.
That’s like DFW, Kennedale, Northstar (different reason but similar), now all we have is yello belly (great crowd and getting better, but it’s ghetto if we’re being honest.) and the only real track left you have to drive down to Ennis or down to XRP. And I see the same issue happening with how many people are moving to texas and builders wanting to buy up farm land just to put these cheaply made homes all over it. It’s legitimately like a cancer.
So sorry cleetus big money company wanna build all they see is money bud they don't care
I don't live in Florida but I do live 15 miles from a track. I support our local drivers and the track. They just need to sign something like you said that they know that they are moving near one. It's just the best thing of my life.  If you could ever come up to New York  where our track is would be awesome.  Love the content always have. God bless and have a wonderful day
Supported Cleet. We got you bro!
I really hope this works out in your favor, and I really hope that everyone watching this will support you in the very least by sending the email. I wish you the very best of luck brother. Keep us posted if there is anything else we can do to help.
If you wanna hate on manatee county they have an Instagram
Email sent Garett. I support you! God willing, you can win this.
We use to rent out that track back when I was in SFFBA. Since they shut down my home track PBIR, Bradenton is the default. I pray they don't approve
Our local track was closed 2 years ago because of this same issue. The track was opened in 1957 but houses that were built in the late 90’s the homeowners associations wrecked it.
Emailed 💪🏼
The new builder should be the one building the berm and fence not the existing property owners plain and simple
have the guys do a two step check right outside the building while youre talking with the county commisioners.........
I live miles away from both track and can hear it like it's right in my backyard.  The applicant is DELUSIONAL  if they think a 25 foot buffer or wall is going to do a damn thing for noise abatement.  At what point does the local goverment say enough is enough with the overdevelopment in clearly marked and historically agricultural property.   Keep the track and the cows.  You have our full support.
Thank you for fill all of us in. Keep fighting the good fight
Yall just need to come together and purchase the land from the current owners
Get whistlin diesel to have his crew email
Your Boy Cleet ain't no dumb hillbilly just because he put whistle tips on avette.. Buddy went to Law School.
🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
After this is over you should do a sweet giveaway for only the names on record opposing.
You should allow every drag racer in YouTube to use this to spread awareness
IRL Yellowstone about to go down lol cleetus for governor
Broooo book me a flight from uk I’ll be there
sent an email
Building homes everywhere in Florida. Down south they built 5 houses on my quiet road.
honest question. i’m in canada. would i still be able to send an email? the race track near me is on the verge of closing and the only other one is 4 hours away and can only hold events in the summer due to the weather limitations
Kick ass, Cletus oppose that shit excuse the language, save the race tracks
Gotcha bud. Doing it right now
Cleetus is the John Dutton of FL
SAVE THE FREEDOM FACTORY!
I honestly think all of you YouTubers, Cletus, boosted boyz, PFI speed, SXS, shit! All of you people I watch on YouTube and attend the races… to chip in, and buy the acreage nextdoor! Can't type no more. I'm missing most my subscribed channels! Just emailed all these officials at manatee county. Had to type in all in no copy and paste!😂🤣 But yeah! All of you chip in for real! Imagine having all of you're houses/shops together? And only have to drive a block? Just saying 👍
Time to break open the piggy bank and hire a lawyer for this before its to late
Email sent!
Buy the land and build an even bigger racetrack
You and vic should buy the land lol
I think you really need to have a lawyer come up with speaking points for you. Your speech was kind of all over the place and unprofessional. You need to clearly define your argument with evidence backing it and focus on reasons why it is BETTER to not have those new homes built. You'd be surprised at how just the way you structure your argument changes its impact. Just my constructive criticism and 2 cents. I wish you the best. Long Live the Freedom Factory!
Email sent from Belgium!
Here in SC the Greer Dragway has survived numerous attempts at being shutdown. Agreed that one likes the sound or not. I'm a liker. As a youth I Karl Tite would lay on our roof and listen to the music from the legendary Greenville Pickens Speedway. The track was about 10 miles away. Not sure what my point is so I'll be moving on. O by the way everyone have a Hell yeah Brother Christmas. 🇺🇲🍺
Email sent to the commissioners  👍
Done, Emailed to oppose all the way from Michigan. Good Luck Garrett.
The damn economy is about to hit the fan and those idiots want to build a bunch of over valued homes that are not going to be filled for years. They are trying to ruin you cleet. What a shitty deal. Putting money over people as usual. Have the ones that are going to make a huge profit off of this come and explain why it’s needed. This is the worst time to build and the housing market in Florida is bursting as we speak. Get the statistics show it. Show them.
I live a ton of hours away, but an email takes 20 minutes to write. I just fired one off for you, hope everything goes in our favor!
To them it's just a race track. It's not just the millions in tourism revenue they'll lose. It's not just professional racers that stand to lose. Everyone who has ever taken their car to the track instead of taking it to the streets loses. Both these tracks not only offer events for, but encourage street car participation. Every time one of these tracks fail, so does another safe, and legal environment for all auto enthusiast to fulfill their need for speed. When they're gone, it all goes back on the streets, and innocent people become victims.
I don't live in Florida, but y'all better show up!!
How Shuffletown was closed down.
I have sent Email to the Above Addresses for you @CleetusM
Man the world is expanding and changing fast and it's horrible
EAGLE CALLLLLL....... Let's show some support.
Can internatiol people send emails aswell?
Sending out emails now! I pray this will work. If we all come to together and do this millions of voices will be heard! Tracks all over being shut down and pushed out.
Make sure when you go and oppose to mention the economic and environmental impact this would have in the local community and in the county. Lost jobs at the tracks, lost money at the hotels, the companies supporting the tracks will lose money, lost tax revenue, what will happen when developing that land, closure of businesses. Mentioning how more specific figures on how many people attend the events is important, especially the huge events like Cleetus and Cars, LeMullets, FL2K, and the snowbird. They really need to know how many thousands show up for each event, not just "we sold out" because they don't know how many seats or tickets that means.
Easy peazy,  find the gopher tortoise's on the construction site, and snap a photo with a GPS coordinate.  They can't build where protected species inhabit.  Problem solved.
Unfortunately when you are going up against crooked politicians, lawyers, judges, and real estate companies that probably all have a financial interest in this MULTI BILLION DOLLAR development for this property we have no chance in hell. Politicians, Lawyers, and Real Estate business people all work together to change zoning and property laws to benefit their pockets. I have seen this happen over and over again. The place where I live had a law where you used to could divide up your property into five acre tracks and build homes on it and low and behold a few years later the city zoned the area where you had to have 20 acres to build a house on it. Then we fast forward to a few years later and they zoned thousands of Acres where I live where a big real estate business could come in and put thousands of homes on this land. They did this so the people that actually owned hundreds of thousands of acres of land could not develop the land themselves but they sure could sell it to somebody that could develop it once they changed the laws I do wish you a lot of luck. These people should not be able to change laws to suit themselves
I emailed them on my lunch break and i hope all goes well! Im from nj where we already lost one of our dragstrips and id hate to see you guys lose both tracks after all the work youve put in.
If I was closer I'd go down there
Cleet, I may not reside in Manatee County but I'm on your side with this. I know it might not make much of a difference, but I voiced my opposing opinion to all the board members via email. Best of luck to you bud, it'll all work put one way or the other.
This was the absolute best move to make and I wish more people knew this is the approach to local politics. I hope you’re efforts are heard 🙏🏻🤘🏻
Done, brother. Email sent to each one you have listed. Hope it truly helps.  Best of luck.
Hate to say it ,but, they will slowly choke you to death. I hope you succeed , but, tax revenue trumps the will of the people. If they can’t squeeze you out they will grease whomever it takes to get their way.   The best way to fight them is find whatever dirt you can on the players and strategically use it against them.
There was a gun range that was open for over 20 years close to where I live a developer built a subdivision about 1/2 a mile from it soon after the people who bought houses close to a preexisting rifle range started complaining about the noise and tried to have it shut down it they failed but it was questionable for a while if they were going to stay open
You were there first. This shouldn't be allowed.
This should be on the main channel
Cleet I hate to say it but if those homes go up your right ALL will be lost. Ive seen it happen too many times and for something as small as a holiday light display  in a park that had been going 35+ years. The complaint was "traffic" Yes it was a drive thru show.
They should do a hotel complex for people who are attending the race events to block the sound instead of just a fence, use buildings to block the eagles screaming
The FF guys should pay for an environmental impact study and claim rezoning the adjacent farmland would impact a protected species of animal. That's another way to get the residential development cancelled.
Let’s all pitch in and buy the land
Email has been sent👍🏼
Wonder who on the board benefits from this
Consider it done.  Support from Canada!
That is kill race
I opposed but got a denial of forwarding email to all of the correspondence listed. I have faith the Freedom Fam will pull thru!!!!
That's is sick 🤢
It sucks we are just now finding out about this 1 day before, with more time we could have made a bigger impact i am sure !
Research the waterford speedbowl in waterford ct, it has been under fire for decades about the noise but hasn't been shut down yet, ( even with incredibly bad pr due to scandalous activity from the previous owner).
This is how our local track died as well. Homes were built up the hill from the track, the homeowners complained, and the track was restricted, then eventually shut down completely.
no, it’s time to let it go
You were there first so new people moving in shouldn't be able to do anything.  You were there first period..
I don't understand why you don't have grandfather support being the track was there first and has been since 1973. like I have said before I grew up in Bradenton and lived there up tell I turned 50 and you can hear the drag strip 8 to 10 miles away no matter which way the wind is blowing trust me there going to hear it even if it had a berm and a wall 50 foot high if they build next to the track . I only wish I was still there so I could go to the meeting and support the tracks .
If ur unemployed u have no excuse not to show up
Get the word out.
Man I need to get my investors interested in the land. Let us only build on it for housing for the racetrack rentals only no permanent housing.  My only idea right now.    Can't let them build a housing development there thata BS they will lie an not tell them they are moving next to a track I know how it goes
Can the Governor of Florida intervene? If he can, maybe folks should take it up to him
Email sent, maybe it will count more as I live in FL, I wish I could attend.
If your going to show up you better do as Garret says and be respectful in every single way.  Don't leave the place a dump . Don't eb doing burnouts in the parking lot Don't be idiots.
This same thing happens in agriculture.  People will build houses near feedlots and hog barns, complain, and run family owned farms out of business.  It's a shame.  I hope this ends will for your track, Garrett.
Good luck on this from the UK👍 emails sent ✌
Sent all emails
I live in europe. If one day I may be fortunate enough to be able to travel I hope to be able to visit these places and that they would still be open. I've been following the channel since the turbo keychain video. This is the age of communication. If permitted I'd feel like home there and I'm about 6000 miles away. I hope they receive more emails and signatures than they ever saw in such a case before and that this thing gets absolutely crushed. "it will be fine, we propose a fence" yeah right. when there's curfews and hours it's gone already. It's just an attempt  to creep in, then they're slowly going to attempt to remove their "problem" that they walked right into.
E-mails Sent
If you cant race at a track , your gonna race racing on the street.
If they want the burn they should  have to pay for it
Just buy the land bro
Just did my part cleet
Cleet making history in the racing community. I’m in nc and can’t make it but my email is sent
Do a GoFundMe and buy all the lands around. Build lettuce/tomatoes/whatever automated farms.
Here's what I sent. Hopefully they listen.   I oppose this.  This kind of greedy development planning with no regard to the enjoyment of private property, local small business revenue impact and area wide tourism income is detrimental to any local economy.  Similar laws are in place for shooting ranges, both public and private. FL statue 823.16 (7) states "Except as otherwise provided in this act, this act shall not prohibit a local government from regulating the location and construction of a sport shooting range after the effective date of this act."  A racetrack with 50 years of lawful business operations should not have to worry about the possibility of losing their livelihood over area transplants being ill-advised of their neighbors.  By all means, allow the property owner to make a profit from their land, adding new residents to an area is a win for everyone. However please entertain the possibility of the negative impact this could have as well, perhaps maybe allow a development but with a realistic buffer area between the motorsports parks and residents
Yeah if the developer is just wanting to make money off the land buy selling it off to build houses , ya'll could go together with the drag strip and a few backers and make him an offer he can't refuse for the land if needed  Then you guys can control what happens around the tracks !!!!  We've already lost one of our local ones because of the same BS
Definitely in my top two racetracks in the United States, without a doubt in my mind.
Well said Garrett 😍
done brother mike angerstein from houston tx, i did my part to try to help , i sent the emails
This is what killed Englishtown in NJ and what has been a problem with Atco in NJ as well
If you fail in court, you have 3 million subscribers... $1 each and buy the property...
God I hate to see this. Seen it out here in california. Planning comitees are the worst.
im guessing my email wont count coming from germany?
Builders on a money grab since the market is so hot for homes and they are gunna try and take down what ever is in there way and clearly since the vote was 5-1 says a lot about theme clearly they do not care about the tracks and that is so sad all they care about is money
It seems hypocritical for legislators to make comments on dangerous street racing, yet their policies and plans kill off the racetracks around.
There is free parking at 3rd Ave  and 10 St in the parking garage 🎉🎉
I will definitely Email everybody Cleetus 👍👍🏿
Sent from both my email addresses!
It happened in my town. We lost our drag strip and circle track because Karen's built beside it and complained
Email sent. Wish I could be there for the meeting tomorrow...
You lz and Kyle just needs to buy the land and tell then to f off.. lol
4,500 homes sold at $200,000 a piece is $900 million. People will get kickbacks to fast track the development. Not to mention $9 million yearly in taxes. Gonna be hard to compete with that since we all know money talks
they are bulldozing wild horse pass (Firebird) in pheonix Az to add a new highway to california... how many people are actually trying to go to california?
Message sent brother, supporting you all the way from California! (Disclaimer: I'm not a Californian)
Emails sent , good luck 👍
At their cost right I mean the ff is already there
Money is sadly going to make the final decision! There is big money in the Housing project!!! Bro praying for you! Hopefully good will prevail!!
Can we get a series of investors to buy the land and develop a large Motorsport park? Something equivalent to a golf club, where the track is open to members, and homes with large garages are available for rent or sale. Include industrial areas for other race shops, tuners and engine builders
If you decide to move next to a race track expect to hear race cars
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO ALL RACETRACKS IN MY PROVINCE ARE CLOSING THIS WAY!!!!! DONT LET PEOPLE SETTLE CLOSE BY WHAT SO EVER. Theyll move in, say its no hassle, gather together to whine and shut down the track!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you wont stop them make an offer for that section of land
Our dirt track was allowed in town, and 2 years later, they are trying to close it. We have a  11pm curfew.  We couldn't open the old one by the jail because of the inmates feelings.
Emails sent, good luck
put this on the main channel!!!!
I support you and your mission. However, if it gets passed and they look to build houses. Maybe look into buying some of the closest ones along with business partners to rent them out for people as they come to go to your track. Or rent them out to other families/vacation homes etc. wishing you the best of luck!
GET TOGETHER AND BUY THE LAND  AND CONTINUE TO LET A FARMER FARM THE LAND
Email sent... good luck!
Brother, you are late to the game.  Pockets are lined, and backroom deals are done.
youve gotta cover off the dollar loss to the county. loss to local businesses (hotels, motels, mechanics), loss to local tourism.
Wish I could come they should not be able to do it
We got you man 👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
You need a team of lawyers period.
Slowing stealing our freedom needs to stop! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
maybe buy some of the land next to the tracks to avoid them moving so close?
Have DeSantis come by and give him a day to remember! Just in case it goes to state.
All about the money, and that is unfortunate. 4500 homes which is making a lot of people a lot of money, or force your track to shut down... 😪
We got you cleet!
Im from Germany and one of my biggest dreams is to go to an event at the Freedom Factory.... If that Heaven on Earth gets closed because of this Bullshit, ill never be able to feel it in Person.... Good luck guys! <3  Hope this farse finds an sudden end...
Can I, as a Belgian, also send an email?
Cleet. You need to find out if tomorrow's meeting will be streamed and post it.
Safer on the track then on the street!  Maybe We should go fund this to buy the property.  Make it part of it a campground or something positive. which will protect the track!
DONE! Happy to help! Do it for Dale!
Planner and zoning official here.  You need to explain why it is not consistent with the county's land use plan.  Just saying you oppose it is not good enough.
If you willingly buy a house next to a racetrack and didnt do your homework....your a clown. Happens alot near IRP. Maybe 2400 race fans will move in so they can drive their racecars to the track
Email sent.  Best of luck
You need to figure out how to get a 50+ year plan in place where hours of operation noise and events cannot be changed,shortened or removed  Maybe even come at it from a historical standpoint or even a historical site based on its age and what is done for Manatee County At least this way even if the houses are built they won’t be able to shut down the track early or have limited times And like you said all residents must sign a waiver understanding buying in the neighborhood that there will be noise and they cannot do anything about it And they are agreeing to it
It would dope if the 4500 were moving there in support of Bradenton and racing.. I'd be 1000% down to live that close to two big tracks like that, unfortunately this is never the case smh.
The govt doesn’t care they are land grabbing and shutting down roads all over the place.
Hey Cleatus! I have that same Dale Earnhardt plaque. I have never seen another one ever. I know they were a limited run. The work you’re doing is awesome to help protect and keep racing alive. You are our voice Brother!
I emailed 2 of them with my full name and address
I really hope this doesn't end bad, there pushing the zoning just to make money.
I emailed them.
Emails sent! Best of luck with the fight!
I’m not an american citizen so I’m afraid I can’t help. But I’m rooting for you!  A comment and a thumbs up might do a little diffrence.   Go Cleet, Hallelujah brother!
Please, you should have breakfast at the dragstrip or raceway  for all the people that come to support this
Good luck brother. My old home track is down to 1 day a week because of this very thing.
Do Canadians and other countrys count?? If enough of us do it it might show some of the tourism values.
Support from Norway sent.
I used to live off 64 and Upper Manatee and heard the track.  For the county to think a 25’ wall will block noise from the track is comical and ignorant. Fight the good fight, brotha! 👍🏼👊🏼
I can't stand seeing tons of farmland and forests being destroyed for housing developments and shopping centers. All in the name of "progress". It's not progress that drives it, it's cash, and that's all they care about.
That’s how KCIR in kcmo died I hope this doesn’t happen
This is absolutely ridiculous…. These people don’t care if the track shuts down one bit…
I oppose.
🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Garrett - I wrote a lengthy (respectful) letter to the individuals you mentioned. I owned a property in NSB on the East Coast of Florida and have attended a few events at Bradenton. I never attended an event at the Freedom Factory, but have watched every video on your channel. Both facilities are top notch and bring significant revenue to your area when the thousands of racers and fans attend the many sold out events. Everyone needs to write a letter of support if they cannot attend the meetings in person. I wish you and Victor the best in your fight to deny the application. Good luck!
Too bad cleeter and crew don’t have the funds to pickup 2700 acres lol
Wow it's not a click able link here.
Done!! I have too many memories as a kid going to Desoto speedway with my father.
All this does is destroy revenue, tourism, and bring young adults and adults to the street to race, thus opening the doors to a lot more risk and the potential of deaths on the street. Whatever happened to first in best dressed.
Email sent from Michigan, wish I could show up but its quite a long drive. Everyone complains about street racing but yet they continue to shut down race tracks which force people to resort to street racing, Wish you best.
Absolutely insane that this cja even be a problem. Pretty damn sure they can build houses somewhere elsr
I can't cut and paste all the emails from Manatee County
Got your back brother, although I can’t make it in beings I live a few states away, it was a no brainer to send an email! Love and support you guys and the racing world 100% keep up the great work and awesome content!
Cant make it from KANSAS CITY But I will send all the emails you need. Fight is on....
Background:  Was on Citizens Advisory Council with my county regarding a Road/Drag/Circle track purchase.   The Commissioners/Politicians really need what you are doing, but also back up everything you say with Facts and Data, work with the Chamber of Commerce and get data from Hotel Association etc and get dollar figures for "Heads in Beds"  saying you have a big crowd means zero until you show them how much revenue the surrounding businesses are making off your events, and also how that translates into tax revenue.   The county is a business and nothing more, show them where the money is and they will see the way.   Also look at how Seattle Raceway has had to fight locals as well, reach out to them, they will be happy to help and give pointers on how they have been able to survive.
done
They are converting it for taxable income. They don’t care about your investment. You would have to pay $15M in taxes a year to push off the county.
I emailed each one.  I received a reply immediate stating my message was blocked to Devin.   Just fyi.
The track I went to as a kid and had so many awesome memories from just shut down a couple weeks ago for this exact reason. All the best in your fight Clete!
Put up a billboard at the edge of development that says loud race tracks will keep you up at night.
Emails SENT!!!
Sent to all, all the way from the UK. 🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧 We got your back brother.
Fontana race track closed cause of new homes built. Had to do a barrier and it didn’t work. Yet it’s all industrial.
Damn haters 😒
4500 homes at I’m guessing 400k means a over a billion dollars in homes.  I love cleet and this channel but I think you’re better off getting people to sign a waiver prior to buying because there is too much money to be made by greedy people and too many Karen’s out there that will scream until they shut him (them) down.  If they sign a legally binding contract acknowledging where they are moving and that racecars are loud that would be a safer way to go.  Hate to see this happening especially after all the work time money effort and revenue that you are bringing to the community.
Email sent from west Michigan, we have so few tracks left here, nearest strip is about 60 miles away.
I wish I could copy and paste your description, or your comments to make it way easier to email those guys.
email sent
I may not be near anywhere from 'round your area, though your purchase and subsequent renovation of the racetrack, previously known as the De-Soto Speedway, into its current form and making it, not just locally but internationally famous, has been an incredible journey and had a huge impact on my life at a time when a feel-good story was sorely needed. Not that it will help with me not being not a US citizen, but I've just also written an email to those in the description with a passionate plea to not let this happen. After seeing some of my favourite local and international live gigs at what was previously known affectionately by punters as "The Annandale" in the inner western suburbs of Sydney Australia, and watching it close its doors for future live music in the last decade was heartbreaking - I truly hope things turn in your favour.
Rocky Mountain Raceway in Salt Lake City suffered this exact fate. It was torn down and is now home to a bunch of distribution warehouses.
Done and done. Give me Cleetus or giveme Death!
4500 homes with 4500 of property taxes for Florida. Yaaaaaa sorry but you're in a tough spot
Email from the PNW sent brother!
Hell yeah Brother i sent my E-mail from NY ...Keep up the fight....
Emails sent! Wish you luck brother, we all got your back in this fight!!💪🏁🇺🇸🇺🇸
Good luck.
Email sent. I want both facilities to stay open. I hope to eventually make it down to the Freedom Factory with our McWilliams Motorsports Dalebird burnout car. I've seen this play out out too often and wish you the best in your fight against it.
This happens to airports all across the county. One of the best examples of this is Tracy, CA KTCY. There are a ton of housing developments right next to the airport, people move in knowingly that it’s next to the airport, and then complain. The city has voted several times to shut the airport down, but thankfully the FAA denies it, since federal trumps city.  Hopefully nothing happens to the tracks!   4:53
Partner up with some other big-name Youtubers, buy the land yourself. Lol turn it into a huge off-road park!
Emailed.
You need a HELL NO BROTHER tee shirt with info about the ruling of the development
To all of you boys and girls helping ole Cleater out, god bless y’all.
Sounds like another “killdozer” situation
And cities wonder why street racing is a thing.....
I really wish you guys the best of luck all the way from Spain, I do know this issue really well since my favorite circuit closed 1 year ago due to the same that is happening with you guys, people moving in close to the track and then complaining about the noises the bikes made. As said, good luck it kills me not being able to do nothing for you guys from here.
did my part to help stop this
Californians taking over like a cancer
email sent. I hope this movement of fans and racers helps.
Was the bit about ur armed an private land unlawful entry ur in full right to open up
Agreed cleet
Your loven life an grown big man don't like it an now u have a battle
I didn’t spend 2 years on a build just to have my home track shut down. Residential zoning is a death sentence for any Motorsport venue
Email sent from west coast
Hell yeah Garret ! A big F-U to these slimebags trying to make you fall....fuk these morons
I emailed them. They will obviously fuck you anyway but good luck bud.
Everyone should everyone should drive their race cars there I'm just saying you know for support
I'm from Spain, in Madrid they did a luxury development next to Jarama circuit. Next thing you know they star complaining about the noise (why the 🦆 you move next to a race track) they almost close it. Restrictions to noise, restrictions on leves on the strait, etc) I hope you can stop that. Best wishes from Spain and excuse any mistake
I mean that’s exactly how shit happens and I think you’re smart to attack this now .
Garrett Mitchell looks just like Cletus Mcfarland
I’m from the UK and I would love to attend in person and oppose the developers who want to build homes here but that’s impossible for me! Cleetus McFarland channel is the only entertainment I have in my life and to see someone who has showed so much dedication and passion to develop an abandoned race track for the ordinary people to enjoy is soul destroying 😢.  Please people of America get behind Garret and stop this before the Freedom Factory ends up as just a memory of what was, just like it was before this guy bought it and turned it around to what we know now.  Thank you for reading my post.  God bless you all.
Can I send a email even when i'm living in The Netherlands?
Of course they will approve it. They need to pay for more crappy programs with taxes
All I can think of is the way Laguna Seca almost was closed. Yikes.
They do the same thing with gunclubs as well..
Email sent to all addresses!
Good luck, I had worked in aviation for many years. Always far built away from homes, and years later somebody builds homes by them and complain about the noise, put noise restrictions, try to close airports. Just like what going thru. Some small airports closed. Good luck, but money talks.
Man I wish you the best of luck. This is such a textbook situation where developers rule. The ag land shouldn't be rezoned at the expense of rezoning the track. If the developer is willing to buy you out, maybe......
I agree
Email sent hell ya brother
Email sent.  Love your channel and would hate to see you lose it and degrade the racing community.  Y’all are hugely impactful to car people around the country and world.
So much for voting republican. We need to send a letter to local politicians that if they continue to let this shit happen, we will vote Democrat or vise versa to scare them
We have had speedway tracks get threatened to get shut down here in New Zealand, that have been there for decades and house planning and $$$$ moving in and moaning thats it loud( duh the track is loud, if u didn't like it why did you move close to it), the power of the people stood and kept it open at this stage, all the best to u guys
Lol you’ll never stop the developers. Half of these boards are connected to real estate in some way. Real estate basically runs the show. But good luck!
Email sent to the noted commission members.  Best of luck in your efforts.
I’m sending that email, we gotta put this to a stop!
Email Sent!
tis   said that you can hear  stock cars 5 miles away      not sure which track  this is    BUT     you   said drag race          (  HMMMMMMmmmm   )      make sure they know what   a nitro car sounds like !!!   GOOD LUCK
Bring all the race cars and two step them outside and then walk in and say could you live next to that and if you allow this to go ahead your responsible and you can give the home owners their money back
Let's raid other Automotive Youtube channel's comment sections and get them over this video.
Buy the land from these scammers
Tax money with homes will always win. Commission wants the tax money and revenue. Greed wins
Can i also do it tho im from sweden ?
Isnt there any website in the US that has some functionality to vote pro or against some statement? So like if you go door to door and collect signatures from people who are against the build of the new homes? So that you can take that with you in the process?
The reason there are so many dumb street takeovers is because there isn't enough places for people to let out their need for speed.
The Great Reset hates fossil fuel burning anything.  This is the future of everything.
Can those who live abroad email them as well, Cleetus?
Get an attorney.  You don't think the developers have already grease the pockets of the people that will be voting on this?  The developers will be making millions of $$$$.  They are not going to lose out on that because of some guy with a racetrack.  Those politicians need big bucks in order to run campaigns, guess where that comes from, big businesses that need a favor.  Those homes will be bringing in tons of property tax money for the county.  You have an uphill fight on your hands brother.
Hopefully someone will bring up the fact that the tracks keep racing off the streets mostly. It's a lot safer to keep a racetrack than it is to get rid of them. Hope this building thing gets squashed
Well, I am in Lincoln Nebraska, so I won't be able to make it in person but I made sure to send that email. To many of our tracks across the nation are closing, hopefully not this one.
They tell us to take it to the tracks. Where do we take our cars if we can't go to a track?
I wonder how many bald eagles would get killed if the FF have to close? Not gonna be a pretty sight folks!!!
Man.. I wish I could be on Florida to help you guys with this ... good luck boys!
Sent!
Happened at cherry speedway in Kingsley mi. My home town. Guy moved into a house near the race track (which had been operating for decades) got tired of the noise.  Did a deal to buy the track with the understanding it would remain open. Within a year it was closed. Sad
Garrett, please being up the fact that it takes the racing off the street.  PUBLIC SAFETY usually wins out.
Email sent!!!
I’m sorry to here this But here in the uk, the local government are so corrupt. When people want to do what these guys are doing  The developers give a big back hand just to make sure everything passes   Hope your situation is better then ours 🥺
Sent!
For those Freedom Writers that added a message with their email, if you care to share your message for us to add to ours we'd appreciate it.  I gotta think it would make a stronger case than just a "I Oppose" message.
Main channel this now!
As a south Texas resident, I feel the impact of having a major track that is being shut down and demolished as the Houston Raceway is set to next year. I only hope that we can help save yalls tracks for the future generations.
3 to 5 years tops. Thats all you've got. Then the land will be too valuable to NOT sell and turn into houses regardless of the noise.  Enjoy it while we have it.  4500 x $500,000.00 (average price of a New Home in that area) is OVER $2 Billion – Billion with a B.   This is the beginning of the end.
Emails sent 👊🏻
They did a similar thing on my local race track. Turns out the old airstrip was so contaminated they couldn't even build housing there. Now we have a massive airfield that's unused, covered in rocks and piles of dirt for no reason but to ruin it for racers, and they won't build housing there either. Basically, we had a potential new silverstone and they turned it into shit.
Whistlindiesel needs to make a meetup call
You should put this on the main channel
Email sent brother!!!
As a former county commissioner, I can tell you that " your" interest is far outweighed by the " interest" in revenue to the county.  They will look at a per acre tax revenue and see that agricultural to residual will net them much more in the tax base. You are fighting a valiant fight but elected officials only know one thing... opposition at the polls. They are not afraid of anything you say except " I will have the media included in every event and show just how much money my track brings into the area" ALSO keep the pressure up by supporting opposition to any and all the elected officials. These embedded people do not care about you or your business. In fact, the sooner you go under the sooner they can take your property and turn it into high-density housing.  Good luck.
My local drag strip got shut down for residential. It was only a 1/2 mile away. I could hear the top fuel but nothing else
Cleetus , start buying the land around your track. Local government don’t give a crap for race tracks, property taxes are worth more revenue. This exact thing happened to the local dirt track here and it has a padlock on it now. Good luck
Sent the email. We watched this happen here in KC MO. We had I-70 Speedway for decades. Then a fancy neighborhood went up across the road. One of the residents happened to be on the board. She pushed hard for the closure... now we have no track in KC the closest is Topeka a 45 min-1 hour drive. Our illegal street races have spiked, injury and accidents too. No where to race legally means the community will do it illegally.
What about investing and maybe doing something similar to thermal raceway in CA ??
I fully support your work and Channels bro, email sent. I hope it helps
Done!
They're doing it on purpose the whole EPA B S.
i sent the emails hope this works👍
I am from south africa so I cant go in to the website but you can tell them that me and lots of my friends support you ,Me and my friends are in a technicel school but if I could I would fly out to support
Cleetus, You need the governor to attend the meeting on your behalf.
Emails sent
Time to buy those farm lands and open a giraffe resort,  check mate developer!  Cleetus got this, they have no clue what is heading their way Thursday lol God speed Brother!
I just cant believe the audacity of some people. If you move to a house next to race track, don't complain about car noise. If you move next to train tracks, there's gonna be trains. Next to a airport? Theres gonna be planes. You wouldn't move next to a sewage treatment plant and then suddenly, complain it smells like human crap. You knew it was there and could have picked somewhere different.
emails sent,good luck
Honeslty hope it works out in your favor but if not I recommend getting a good welder and a dozer😂
I wonder if it's worth trying to also make the race track a historical site in some way.  I mean in quite a few ways it seems to qualify.  At any rate, my email in support has been sent.
This killed my drag strip and it's trying to take out the dirt track.
Just finished emailing them 🤘 hopefully everyone does the same keep it up cleetus and everyone
We live 5 miles from Bandimere Speedway. Can still hear the cars. You know these idiots approving this are trying shut your situation down. Good luck.
Why is it people love to develop near tracks/amusement parks/etc and try to get rid of it or change how things work. Don't move or live near a loud place expecting them to be quiet for you. Don't change the area for you move to a area you prefer to live by
Emailed. I am planning on bringing my entire family to 2 events this coming year. This would be devestating
It’s ok if they want to steal our race tracks away I’ll just go racing on the streets so go ahead and tear them all down well see who’s laughing when street racing becomes a everyday offense racing won’t stop it will just become more dangerous for everyone
Just lost my home track to this exact issue, was there for 70+ years. Big blow to the racing/automotive community and community in general. I hope things go your way🤞🤞
They do this on purpose. This is the way they kill everything, that does not fit in to the "green agenda". The government creates a new USA, that only fit the w-o-k-e that only comute with public transport. Don't eat meat, and think that It's more than two genders. Don't give up... This script is in Europe to. Regards from Norway
Ohh shit! 20,000 people about to show up and oppose
If this end up going through that’s 2,700 acres of farm ground that we will loose and NEVER get back that ground will and cannot be turned back into farm ground that’s a lot of ground lost
Just buy the land. Money Talks
Emails are sent. We've got to stand up against the push to shut down our legal outlets for motorsports!
I knew Dick Moroso personally. He had bi-yearly track, class representative meetings at his house on Singer Island (each car class and the motorcycles voted for 2-reps per class and I was one of the bike reps every year they did that). So I can tell you that Dick (and of coarse his lawyers) fought really hard for about two and a half years trying to keep the Miami Holywood track open but in the end, that track sadly ended up closing = Real Estate and Gov. (Property Taxes) have always won over any/all other property owners. With that said, Garrett's following is so HUGE 💪 that maybe, just maybe it will take several years for real estate developers to win this one 🙏
well the freedom factory was fun while it lasted now its gone to shit better pack ya bag
My local speedway is going through the same thing, very  sad 😔
Hey I've been trying to figure out how to reach out to you or someone in your team in the seems like the best way being that you daily upload. I'm the manager at caffeine and octane Lanier raceway and after seeing this and knowing the struggles of keeping the race track community or just race tracks in general alive I would love to be able to come down and support this and speak on some of the things that we've battled and speak on a lot of the pros that come from a racetrack instead of people just thinking it's something negative and also talk about some of the issues with what they're trying to pass because with our track we're set up in a 40 ft bowl almost all the way around the track and you still have citizens of the community speaking about hearing the race cars a mile away but they also know that that is what they signed up for when they move there 40 30 20 years ago and have no issues with it it's the new homeowners moving from other areas trying to change the ways that we have now. That's the biggest issue
Just finished my email to the board from Perth, Western Australia.  Good luck cleet
Email has been sent Cleetus. After a last minute trip from North Carolina Friday night just to watch the spectator drags from the stands, there's NO WAY we can let this happen. I've been to 17 different drag strips and circle tracks around the country and the Freedom Factory for something as small and simple as spectator drags was easily one of the most fun experiences I have ever had. I would say it arguably topped my experiences at the NHRA 4 wide nats or even the Gatornationals as far as overall relaxed and fun atmosphere goes. Absolutely incredible job evolving the Freedom Factory into what it is.!🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼
If it doesn’t work get your followers to buy the houses we’ll start a car community commune
Just buy the land.
This isn't one and done, You will be haunted by this ordinance.
Too bad you can’t entice some bats, bald eagles, or some other protected species to take up residence beside the track.
Sound like people need to build some killdozers. They should know that they are building next to a race track and no fence should have to be installed unless they pay for that eye soar.  The track should stay. If they don't like it don't move there. Simple
Done, hope all of us fans chip in on this one... DO IT FOR DALE!
The point for the planning Department is tracks were allowed in this location years ago, they don't get a "do over" every time the developers pad the pockets of the members!
I dont even live there nor will I probably ever go there and I'm pissed 😤 😒  So sad  Coming from San jose CA
You're up for a fight man. Don't think for one second that all the people in charge of this aren't in cahoots with the developer.
As a Manatee county resident you best believe I emailed them.
I’m coming to Bradenton next week with my wife and sons to watch the Christmas tree drag race
I’m going to pray tonight for you to help them houses don’t get billed next to your race track .
Da gona get more taxes from da home owners...
wtf so your name isnt even cleetus Mcfarland now that has pissed me off maybe ur doin it to protect ur self i dont know but now i feel like u have lied to me for years this is BS
I hope we can come together and prevent this from happening. Best of luck!
And if anything they are going to force you out of ur  race track An make u sell everything you worked on . The history of the United States has been doing that  for millions of years forcing  people out of there land
Dis not looking good .
Put this on the main channel ASAP
Can out of state people email them?
Get whistlin...itll be takin care of
Come on y’all send them emails
Damn people that you are telling about your race track an have to approve to let the homes be built or not to let the homes be built . Don’t care about your race track . Sorry 😢 how much millions of dollars are they gonna make of them homes are gonna be built ?
Done
Just e-mailed from ZIP CODE 95492, brother.
if you use outlook, replace the , with ; in the To address
The county will approve the development because they see dollars signs with new property taxes.
Copy and pasted my butt off. Where I am in PA we have a PA farmland Preservation Act. Nothing worse than greed getting in the way of common sense.
Done and done cheers from sweden 😁
We get this in Australia too. Unfortunately developers have the deep pockets to pay off our state officials here in NSW. They usually overrule the local councils at some point and the developers win. Hope you have the mainstream media on your side.
I got my email sent in
Laugh out loud you should’ve used it keeps people off the streets . And it keeps people from  trying to use the streets as racetrack
I completely agree with you this how tracks die
Mailing done, it's a bit to far to travel for me :P
Wait your name is Garret Mitchell? Not Cleetus McFarland??
all the racers about to show up and flood that place.
You forgot to mention that you have a International following and people pay to watch your racing events.
Done! Godspeed
As a escapee from Commiefornia, this is exactly what happened there.  Developers greed and wacko environmentalists shut everything down.  I'll do what I can to help you.  Why don't they just build somewhere else?  I hate when this crap goes on.
I did my part since i can't attend. I really hope this doesn't pass. Things like this have happened to drag strips and race tracks in my state and its got to stop.
Fight like hell and hey Ron the gov back up cleet!
Wtf is a 25 foot wall going to do? You got massive big block race cars fucking straight piped. Cough cough Mullet. but yeah wtf will a wall do? Absolutely nothing
I believe a go fund me for Cleetus McFarland to purchase this land, would be a good opportunity to keep it from being loaded up with more homes, and avert him from future problems. He could even build a jet boat course on said property for jet boat events and make any other unused areas of said property into a park or other public use area. I would be willing to donate money to such a good root cause to save the Freedom Factory, and expand it's recreational use in this area. Please like, and let Cleeter know that you really stand behind him. Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow! #9 trending let's goo cleeter fans!
Looks like Ames got tired of the emails and is blocking incoming emails unless youre allowed to send, ha..
done (from TN)
Best of luck getting between a property developer and his money. Some of the biggest sharks on the planet. God speed
Is there anything us from outside the USA can do to help? I'm good at writing convincing discussion arguments, however I doubt the board are wanting to hear from non USA~ residents. I want to write about how in the UK there are very few tracks for the public to use, and this causes a HUGE increase in illegal car meets/ and street races as people are left with no where to go, and the passion for racing will never go away, so having a safe space for this to happen legally is imperative. And the closure of more and more tracks will ultimately cause more harm than good to everyone involved. Both the racers/owners and the county it's self. Anything that's a negative from their point of view is what you want to be focusing on, things like how the tracks reduce street racing and make the roads safer, and brings in money like you said before that was a really good argument.  I would also mention (you at the board) about how you've invested your life and soul into revamping that place for the benefit of the community, and that will all go to waste.
*moves next to a racetrack/theme park/music venue*  *Complains about the noise*  It's the same in the UK. There no such thing as "we were here first" apparently 😐  I really hope you get this sorted and that a compromise can be reached!
@cleetus mcfarland, edit your description. Change the commas to semi colons so the email addresses can be pasted in one hit to outlook.
Bring up the fact that people say racing on the street is bad, well if you do this street racing is going to sky rocket. People aren't going to stop racing just because the track closes and that will people tons of lives at risk all because they want to try and close a racetrack.
These people who keep building neighborhoods are scumbags. No regard for business owners, land owners, "dragstrips" lol. Absolute scum. I hope they fail.
Bud fighting this is futile, the town in No way cares about your track , it all comes door money and the tax revenue 40,000 + houses will generate for the town , unless you have enough cash to buy the acreage that there building on your track is expendable, remember municipalities only concern is revenue and sadly like you stay in the vid this is how tracks die , I commend you fighting the fight just remember don’t go bankrupt try to fight these maggots🫡🫡
Done.
Don’t care
Garrett, I sent out e-mail messages to oppose the application but for some reason I was not allowed to send a opposition message to Mike Rahan. I tried it twice and both time it was sent back as "Cannot be Delivered". Just wanted to let you know. I am behind you 1000% brother. I am confident that you have enough people backing you the the housing development request will never go through.
Hope you have enough money to buy the local politicians because theyre obviously taking money from the developers.
Focus in on the environmental side of this too people.   I visit Lake Manatee State park at least 4 times per year because I fell in love with it back in college. I believe this development will only harm the access to the state park and its diversity of wildlife. The construction will drive people away, the noise will drive animals away, not to mention developing on this land will also probably affect the home of several vulnerable or endangered species.
They love trying to build houses near race tracks so they can shut them down and write more citations for street racing bc they take away their legal racing areas away from them
It's time to grease some palms.
Can I email even though I live in Australia? I may not live there but the track still does something for me. Let’s you guys do your thing and gives me content to watch! I love your chanel and am so proud to see where the FF has gotten to from where it was and I know how much it impacts people that are able to attend. So I’d be more than happy to email as long as it’s allowed
Sorry bro, they don't give a fuck about you when they probably have stakes in the new housing. They will make more money filling all those houses then you produce with those race tracks.
Perfect example.... check out limerock CT.  all drift events gone only schedules road racing
7 emails sent 🤞🤞
I’m watching the video
Zog don't care
Garrett should show up to the courthouse, 2step in the front while parking and then ask how the walls did blocking noise from the car....🫡
Casually buys the land to save the tracks
Research the developer. Who does he know, who does he support (money) and you will see the fight is futile!!!!
Make a petition
Your track is doomed. Better plan for that. They will build the homes and the track will close!!! Sad but true!!! 🙂
I oppose this hog wash they are trying to do to you and us all! I’ll be emailing them since I’m from Kansas and can’t make it! Prayers for you all
This is not only a local thing your track is watched world wide buy the land and put a race track motel on it good luck cheers from OZ.
Emails sent.  Good luck Freedom Factory!
Laguna Seca is a PERFECT example
We have your back and the race track ill have all my friends email
I'll appose it an I live in UK 😜👍💥💨
Tell them the race track is an outlet for racers. If they continue to close more drivers are going to hit the streets because there is nowhere for them to go. I’m sure they won’t want that!
Email from Texas sent. I was raised in So Cal. I remember Lyon's Drag Strip, Ontario Motor Speedway, Orange County International Raceway, Riverside International Raceway, and Irwindale Drag Strip. These were places my father used to take me on Friday nights and Sundays to see what real race cars looked like. I miss them. Good Luck with your fight.
I did my part to help and emailed everyone on that list that I OPPOSE
Maybe it will be a community for old race car drivers. Cause that's the only group who could appreciate the amount of freedom that goes on at the freedom factory.
They do this on purpose, and theres not much racetracks can actually do except try and ask them to not put neighborhoods next to the racetracks despite the fact that the racetracks have been there many decades before any idea of build plans where there, please help us keep our legal ways of racing as it may be one of our only saviors to what being a real car enthusiast is
We have been dealing with this out my way for some time now. MONEY ALWAYS WINS. Whoever has the most money wins there case. Its unfortunate but the truth.
I won hundred percent support racing, and it’s lifelong history as our local track moved for the same reason and then got put in jeopardy again due to some nearing properties. I hope you win the fight and that you’re able to maintain both of these lovely facilities that I hope to visit one day.
How about they build somewhere else? The race track is already there. The money grubbing people building the houses are the ones to blame if the buyers of those houses have to hear the cars.
Hell they'd be better off taking advantage of the tracks popularity and putting in a race museum next door, much better use of the land, much better neighbors
Sent em all an e-mail, I hope it helps brother
This is what happed here on Long Island we lost our track !
Lmao a hot issue you need help with but still such a greedy dude you put ads on a plea for help. I will be voicing support for the houses.
Email has been sent Garrett. Lets go!!
Horse racing is animal abuse. Abolish horse racing!!!
#8 on Trending, I hope they get 500,000 oppose emails! I sent in mine
She looked like someone who wants to kill a racetrack
Email sent.  Hell yea Brother.
U should have bot that property next to yours they don't care about it brother
8 on trending on a second channel let’s get this to number 1 YouTube and show them that at 9 am tom
Guess i gotta buy a new house at the FF and tell all my new neigbours to shut the F up
I would love to help but not sure if an email from an Australian who has has so much entertainment value added to my life from the freedom factory ( unfortunately haven’t been there yet but plan to in the next couple of years ) will help but let me know if it’s worth me putting point forward to them. Be glad to help if it will make a difference
Jesus Christ, 20k people are about to show up. The whole hearing is going to get shutdown even if everyone is 100% respectful and peaceful. lmao
If you have been watching this awesome, free, life changing content for years like I have, you owe it to this man to send the dang email or support him in person!
Email sent to all of them from Sweden!!Hope this helps :)
I sent out a mass email to my company with incentives to send emails to all of the people you listed. WE CANNOT LET THEM SHUT Y'ALL DOWN!  -A loyal Texas fan
Sent emails to them all, fingers crossed. I was hoping to help grow my own YouTube channel with trips to both of those tracks soon.
Development is just messing up a lot, no more fields, forests, just cookie cutter houses. Good luck with this
you should get grandfathered in according to the law I believe
Over here in Sacramento, CA. Same thing is happening with Sacramento raceway. We don’t have a voice like you Cletus over here to fight for us. I hope the best for you guys with this one.
Just so you know how much influence you have..I'm a tour guide. Worked with thousands of ppl over the years, got countless free stays throughout the world..and the first place in my whole life I'll go abroad, will be to your racetrack..flying all the way from Portugal 🇵🇹 😊
Go ahead and put up a bunch of billboards on and around the racetracks stating you are active racetracks. Schedule events on open house weekends.
You are articulate and the perfect man to fight this, good luck brother
Email sent! This channel has brought me so much enjoyment over the years and it would be such a shame to see something like this hinder the future. I wish I could be there in person to show support, but I’m in NY and it just isn’t feasible. Hopefully all of us showing support makes the board realize this is a terrible proposal and we can beat this!
I'm not from the USA can I apose to? Or do you need te com from the USA?
E-mailed. Hope this helps. This kind of stuff is absolutely ridiculous. "lets build homes right next to a racetrack because us developers don't have enough $$ already" ,"what about the current business and new homeowners that will complain about the noise?" ,"How is that our problem?"  /smh
Garrett is 100% correct. That is exactly how tracks get shut down. It happened to our local track about 30 years ago. Lost our drag strip. Thankfully the circle is still there. For now.
This is so stupid, every race track that has shut down because of this. Stop ruining our sport with these homes, build them anywhere else! It's so simple, the wall will do nothing :(
Englishtown basically shut down also!
Fight for freedom!
Done. Wish I could go to the meeting
Hell yeah brother!
Live 6miles from William Grove and we can still hear it when they race. Township it is in has put a ton of regulation on them because of all the developments going up around the track and people complaining. Bottom line the Township/county whatever you want to call it wants money and they are going to get far more money from all those home than from the racetracks.
Text and emails fired.
They ain’t gonna know what hit em 😂
I got a storm hitting here I can’t make it down but I will write them!!
Bored immature losers complaining about noise
Buy that developer out and build homes to accommodate homeowners that like cars and there hoa accommodate the track. That would be a home to own.
Glad you are in depth law degree to work.   Anyway we can fight for the track we all have to do it.    Everyone want move to Florida need steal with what's there. You don't see people getting rid of gators or the wet lands.
Just send Rip Wheeler!
i'm willing to mail all of them but i'm in europe.. 😅
Cleetus…gotta reach out to the governor. Get Ron Desantis on your side. He’s from Dunedin kinda local. See if you can get his support
In addition to all you are doing I’d focus some additional energy on the impact to law enforcement.  People call 911 to complain, and “ain’t nobody got time for dat!”
I agree this is EXACTLY what gets racetracks killed... Bandimere in Denver is already facing this very problem with homeowners across the highway in recent years.
It’s all about money. Good luck!
opening racing to the public like he has along with his connections to professional racers has allowed/and will continue to allow people to connect with industry professionals and potentially give people actual positions in the pro racing field. Not only that, but in 2022 where the will of the average american is dying, this is genuine entertainment. Personally i think the the effects of the events contributes more monetarily every year to local businesses and local taxes than a few thousand homes will. I witnessed the death of drag racing the decline of Nopie season in Atlanta. The loss of the tourism from the events drastically effected local businesses and lots of them had to close their doors after 50+ years of operation.
Sending an email right now
Everyone please spend 15 mins to email all these folks in the description if you can’t make it out. Help out our mans that had sacrificed so much for us
Emails sent 🙏 for the Factory to stay open and unopposed.
Damn so wished I could help but im not from the states. Best of luck to all of you!
Here in Southern VA we have an oval track in town here and I'm 1 mile away and i can hear it inside the house.. Does it bother us hell no.. Do we go.. hell no because it's super redneck with so many drunks starting fights
I submitted my opposition per your instructions.
Cleetus needs to go and buy the farmland next to the track and make it into a race boat track! I know its zoned agriculture. There is nothing that says you have to be a good farmer. Go and plant your crop not in straight lines but in a zig-zag and curved patterns with small channels of water so the crops can have "water sprayed" with new really fast "farm equipment" in times of drought. Problem solved!
the track I grew up going to closed a few years ago and was recently sold and destroyed for warehouses. will do anything to prevent this from happening to others.
im sorry but this should be on the main channel, cheers cleeter hope we can change this
4500 X roughly $3000 a year in property tax, that's what there looking at, the Government  officials can care less about us peasants!
I'm not a Florida resident, but I did my share by writing in an email. I hope this gets the attention it deserves and the action necessary to preserve your track!
Did my part. Emails sent... Wife works in real estate and commercial development  law.. Showed her the video. She says you shoildbe worn a short and tie, for one... Buy from a professional  standpoint... she says  you should've had an attorney review your speech. The points you made just open you up  for scrutiny  on the occupancy, sound ordinance  valuations, pollution, etc... She really thinks you need an attorney beside you in these meetings. Hire a good land use attorney  and let him do the talking for you. Shest not being mean. Just tying to speak from experience  and be helpful.
Sent, I'm in Texas dang developers. Fence won't do squat!
I bet the people who voted it in to begin with have a huge stake of cash riding on this deal. Good luck Cleet! We back you 100%!
Done!
Your phucked. The vast majority do not give any hoots about drag racing. Dying sport. Grandma needs a vacation home.
emails sent. I have family in Sarasota and plan to visit Bradenton when I come see them.
Can't attend in person but the emails have been sent. Keep what you do going Cleet!
This effects millions of people all over the world that watch online to.
How can people from outside the US help? I already emailed.
Have you considered offering a nature zone or a buffer zone with I don’t know couple hundred acres of pine trees to block the Sound instead of walk because that’s not gonna work
We shall agree to spam, whistling diesel to help Cleetus not with money but with people to spam the city
You versus 1.125 billion dollars in revenue(thats a lot of kick backs). Id start setting up sale/development of the FF . Each home could provide 250000 per 1/4acre. You could double your profit with small homes.
Email sent. Lets do this
Make it a stipulation that the development be called " Race Track Estates"
And its funny how they dont like street racing and they say take it to the track!!! Look at countyline dragway in south florida they got got torn down for the same reason! And it was my favorite every friday test and tune and they had a drift layout and everything every single week! I miss that track!
Buy the land cleet,and build a racetrace,a huge one stop,racing expierience....do it for freedom
I wish I could come but I definitely support you in this
Wish you the best there Cleet
We lost out track here in Salt Lake City,UT (RIP Rocky  Mountain Raceway)will send emails asap. good luck and Gods speed brother.
Just sent an email! I hope most of your followers take the time to do this as well.
That exactly what happened to the track the closest to me it’s been there for 40 plus years and the city made it close down because of noise complaints I really hope this won’t happen the Freedom factory need to stay
Racetracks should be required to keep their noise on their own property.
Need to encourage with like 50$ or merch  something for everyone who shows up you guys put so much time and money into both tracks
Hate to break it to you Cleet, but the property taxes paid by 4000+ homes is going to outdo the revenue the track events bring in. You may want to do the wise thing and get out while it's not a bigger issue. Gonna be a lot harder to sell after the fact. Get a track going in an area that won't have this issue for a while, buy the land around it too (sorry to spend your money), and keep this show trucking
Getting emails out.
I now it doesn't count but from Argentina I Oppose
Part of the reason Mansfield Motorsports Speedway got sold.  Now it's a railroad storage facility.  So sad.
What a joke, this is Also what kills farms. I know of live stock farms that have been forced to make changes or loose their rights because of smell and traffic, when these same farms have been operating for over 100 years. People buy a home next to a farm or track then complain about smell or noise and the dominos start falling
This is exactly what killed raceway Park my home town track tons on new homes and apartments. People call and complain track pays fines to the point where they don't make profit anymore when they run the events
SENT
I personally am all for people being able to do what they want with the land they own but that goes both ways. It would be one thing to try and build a new high noise whatever next to a bunch of existing homes, but you build next to an airport, or gravel pit, or racetrack and you have no grounds to complain.
They should be able to approve the housing with the stipulation of allowing your tracks to conduct normal operations until a set time of night. 11pm or midnight for example.
I will definitely email the commission. Cleetus you have made the Freedom Factory a bucket list destination for almost every  automobile enthusiast in the world and that's really not much of an exaggeration.
done. good luck to you and your whole team.
I don’t live in your country so I don’t think I should contribute to the disagreement but I think what you have accomplished with the track is incredible
Just sent my email for ya brother.
I'm not an american citizen so i doubt i can help, but I'm really rooting for you
“I OPPOSE!”
Let's buy the land?
I am from Denmark and I love your Freedom Factory videos. Can i Oppose that application or do I have to be from America?
I hate to say it but the company trying to change the zoning has already bought off the people who will be making this decision. Follow the money trail
You do understand how this works right? Developers paying off these bureaucrats and willl get their way unless these bureaucrats are paid off by those opposing in a greater amount. Paid off can mean campaign donations or literally money under the table. It's complete bs
Sadly, the money backing the development is very deep. Happening all around this country and only going to get worse. I hope you are able to stop this. Can't come in person but my fatass thumbs can still type an email. 👍
Had this happen in my town; a shut down airfield was tuned into a drag strip with autocross on 4 occasions in the summer. Thats right, 4 occasions. Then the nearby area was sold to a house developer company and it didnt take long before the residents started complaining. What happened? They shut the track down.
lol 25ft fence. ive stayed at manatee state park a few times and that is almost 2 miles away and could still hear track activity.
Let’s GOOOOOO,it’s time to back our boy and show how much this thing he started means to everyone!
This is the reason there’s hardly any drag strips in the U.K.   All tracks here are fading away thick and fast. Best of luck man 💪
Is I was  in Florida not idaho I’d join you
Bring some science about decibel levels and other historic examples.
I grew up in Bristol, Tn. We lived a mile away from the track and could hear the cautions begin during the races, due to the live delay, before they showed on TV. My grandfather lived 2.5 miles away and you could hear the drag cars (It's called thunder valley for a reason) like they were in the street out in front of the house. And it's not exactly flat in East Tennessee like it is in Florida. So sound is going to travel soooo much further. I'm sure if they build those homes that close, their windows will rattle. This sounds like a perfect recipe for another racetrack to be doomed. I hate it for ya Garrett. I cannot make it to the meeting, but my email has been sent to the county board. I'd hate to see your livelihood jeopardized. Raise hell, praise Dale!
Emails sent, Good luck with this
Only other option is 4500 race car people buy a house.
Cleet, if you need an example of how a race track can affect a neighborhood and its local government. Research Portland International Raceway in Portland, OR. It's a total mess. Redlining issues and noise from drag racing and road racing. I lived near it and you can hear it loud and clear. I think Indy stopped racing at the track because of the noise complaints. It has been an issue for decades.
FFS 😣 We have this same sh*t in Finland. Best luck buddy 🤞🏼
👏🫣👏👌🇳🇴
As a Canadian .. can I send in an email ?
We're standing around the build zone in a chain formation yelling make racing great again 💪
CALL UNCLE "CHET " TO BUY ALL THE LAND AROUND THE TRACK
Done
You got in trouble with a 60+ year old race track?
You are probably gonna loose this battle. No matter how loud your crowd is and how compelling your arguments are, money speaks louder and these people have loads of it.
Emails sent. Can't be there in person.
I sent e-mails to every council member; hoping & praying to does some good. There has been enough history & tradition destroyed in this country we don't need anynore.
I've seen this many times before. People move next to a dairy farm, then complain about the smell. Or move next to a track and complain about the noise. People are so dumb. The developer push and push and push to build those houses, and not tell people what surrounding them
Email has been sent
I've seen similar things happen in many places and it's always the same scenario, you have a contract home developer wanting to expand and build more housing and on the other hand you have municipalities wanting more housing because that creates tax revenues for the city or town, and yes there are " brown envelopes" passed under the table to get things passed and approved. My family members own such a construction company that builds houses and condos and this is the truth on how the system works, if you don't play along then other contractors get the deals on land. It a dirty crooked world we all live in, money talks.  Sadly I'm willing to bet the kitchen sink that this building contract and permits go through and get approved, watch !
Emails sent brother. Best of luck!! Also, I have not received the call that I won the F-150. Just wondering when I should be expecting that. LOL! 😅😅
Here in Texas the quarry would set off dynamite 🧨. The first time I went to my in-laws house I was like WTF is that???? If neighbors have to deal with explosions and rumbles that shake the home like an earthquake, they can leave you alone !!!
Email sent, Hell Yeah Brother!!!
This is the same old BS.  Build housing next to a racetrack and then do all you can to shut down THE track that has been there for years, sometimes decades! There need to be something by these cities the forces the builders/sellers/buyers to ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THAT THERE IS A RACETRACK AND THAT THERE WILL BE NO ATTEMPTS TO SHUT DOWN THE TRACKS AFTER BUILDING/SELLING/PURCHASING A HOME NEXT TO THE TRACK.
just what florida needs, more empty homes.
Money talks, y’all are out of luck.
You need to hit them with monetary figures. What are they going to get annually from property taxes vs how much people spend locally at these events. By my lowball figure, the county stands to gain 8 million in property tax revenue. But if you can show how much more gets spent with businesses when we come to town, they're more inclined to listen. 10k people per each major event, 250 per person spent between tickets, hotels eating out, gas etc, then multiple by that a minimum of 5 major events, you'll have a good argument.
Sent an Email thanks for all you do.
email sent! good luck tomorrow at 9
You know how to grease palms I hope. Sounds like you just need a couple votes :)
It’s like fuck man 4500 houses is fucking insane. We have so many homes sitting empty around the country but they’re doing shit like this still it’s amazing how stupid the people we let rule is really are
Even though I deliver the trusses for those homes for a living and it's the way I get paid I agree with you 100% they do not need to build houses on that land
The drag strip back in the day the 70's was owned by Art Malone one of big daddy Don Garlets partners.
SENT
This is the same exact situation that caused Summerville Speedway and Myrtle Beach Speedway to shut down. When you build homes next to a race track, the complaints will get them to close. It starts off normal, then the complaints start to roll in and noise ordinances are introduced. Even abiding to those, there will still be complaints that will eventually cause the track to close.  Not many small tracks left in SC.
📧 done.    A lot of work put into this, there's no reason project developers should have the right to step on the boundary. Build elsewhere, we fight this same ongoing issue in Seattle at Evergreen Speedway, there's a 25 foot wall, you still hear the cars from 3 blocks away at least, the people are on your side brother.
Go get them cleet!  I oppose it.
I will send the emails as requested. I JUST got done winning a similar case here in NC where they wanted to build a large zero lot line community in the middle of what is agricultural land. They were contributing nothing to the infrastructure, schools or streets...just building and moving on. Funny thing is the builder and land developers are from Florida (Garden Street Communities and Adams Homes). They have 4 other similar communities planned as well all in front of the Commission...We defeated them and their request for zoning variance was denied. They can be defeated. I am from South Florida originally and I saw developers kill our paradise. I watched Hialeah Speedway and Miami-Hollywood Motorsports Park both get squeezed out by Western Urban expansion. Its wrong...  Keep up the good fight brother!
The race track was there first. And now some big money developer want to build and the city gets on their knees
emails sent!
We have Southern Raceway in Milton Florida and the track is below grade dirt track that runs modified stock on Saturday nights. It's in the rural area of the county with sparse population. The cars are loud enough to be heard 5+ miles away. Those developers are higher than giraffe balls. They would have better luck building next to a waste treatment plant!!!
Shoot, too late to book a ticket to Bradenton from Holland... Good luck guys!
Email sent!!!
I oppose. I have no voice in this case since I'm from Norway, but... I cross my fingers and pray that everything turn out the way we all need it to turn out. Protect these race tracks. It brings jobs, valuable communities and it keeps people out of trouble. We have big issues in my country to build race tracks due to the council's beeing ignorant. I hope they will see how valuable these tracks are to the country and the local community. I am hoping to be able to visit the tracks in the future 🏁🇺🇸🏁 💙🇳🇴 🤞🤞
Helps save the tracks . Please . From Canada
Sent it off. GL and much love from 🇨🇦
I sent the email. Good luck brother❤😢
Everyone in the area needs to attend this
Good luck to you brother. We’ve pretty much have had all race tracks in San Antonio shut down for partially this same reason.
Ravenswood west Australia died this way
Sent my Email ✉️ from Puerto Rico my local track [Manati Motorsports] Got shut down this exact same way now the island from 10+ tracks in early 2000s we are down to 3 islands wide wich make it hard to go to a legitimate racetrack.
Heck i just emailed those guys even though I'm from austria and may opinion doesn't really matter😂 but i just hate to hear that i perfectly revived racetrack is gonna be forced to close down by a real estate project that will probably just profit some investors and help blow up another real estate bubble like happened in the early 2000s
You know this is one reason why people street race. These legislators chase out all the drag strips and then when people take to the streets they treat them like felons for the problems the government created.
Dude, we're dealing with this same kind of "tract housing all the things" garbage where I'm at, too. Literally nowhere is safe.
Exactly the same thing happened here in the UK when the local council of West Kings down in Kent sold off land very adjacent to the former Formula 1 track at Brands Hatch. The developers moved in and built new homes very close to the run from Stirling's bend toward Clearways. Once they were sold the NIMBYS began moaning about the noise 'pollution' of the track that had been in regular use since the early 60s. This resulted in a restriction of the number of days that the F1 circuit could be used and a time limit for when the whole complex (they have a short track which has been there even longer) can operate from and to which has meant some races that competitors have paid hard earned money for have been shortened or cancelled because of running out of time. Perhaps it wasn't explained to those who moved there that they would be living alongside a race track so they should have sued the developers and realtors rather than put restrictions on the track?
If i didn't live in Norway i would support you guys, good luck!
Email Sent and Good luck. You guys have done great things for the motorsports and custom car culture and I wish you the best of luck!!!
You basically have to buy politicians. They don’t care about logic they care about money. Developers have deep pockets….
My email has been submitted1 Thank you for everything that you do, since finding your channel I look forward to new content everyday. I am happy I could help contribute in a small but yet big way.
I got you Brother just emailed them.
WE GOT YOUR BACK CLEETER!!
Email sent.  Enviromental, infrastructure, illegal street racing and even local government able to handle the influx of 16K new residents...  I wish you the best!
i full a gree whit you garry my self live in a small town of anderstorp sweden that bascaly is in the ichue that your ahding torwards. and i love racing and hawe majur heart ake that my local track cant hawe as meny events as it chud. my local race treac is  scaled scndinavian race way and yused to hoast f1 racing back in the 70s
Unfortunately I’m to far away to show up, but if you need an example my home town Dodge city, KS old racetrack was McCarty stadium closed through a why not dodge program new track put out of town call Dodge City Raceway Park it’s struggled every since multiple promoters now we are back into noise complaints it a whole mess. Very little investigating would be needed to use as example.
Should post this on the cleetus channel
This is BIG. You seriously should have this on the main channel. Just as it stands here.
I don't agree with putting in housing at all but I'm looking at this knowing the county doesn't care, all that housing is tax collection, noise complaints turn into fines...more money, then there's street racing, county wants that, there's fines fees tickets etc with street racing. Sadly even if there's a ton of people it's gonna be down to how much money the county wants to give up by not letting it pass and not the actual act of seeing it how it is. Hopefully it doesn't pass I love the freedom factory, good luck and fingers crossed.
I think an interesting take on this is that police and drivers with a modicum of intelligence know that the speed belongs on the track, yet we loose tracks every year and many are being limited by noise complaints. In Los Angeles, the closest road course is thermal and that is not for public use. Instead of shutting tracks down, we need more tracks in order to better exercise our vehicles in a safe environment.
Everybody is always screaming street racing is dangerous take it to the track  well then dont take our tracks away. The more they take the more stredt raceing becomes more dangerous. Motorsports will never go away its like 6 flags or concerts. Its  entertainment that will never stop.  Guys n gals WE THE PEOPLE NEED TO STAND AS 1 AND HELP KEEP THIS ALIVE. Dont let this track die off. Look at all the good Cleetus has done look at the positive. Cleetus has brought back the life of FREEDOM FACTORY.  UNITE AND SAVE OUR SAFE PLACE TO PLAY N RACE. Keeps it off the streets.
Can't wait to come visit Bradenton for some stellar street racing in the coming future.
Who allows this type of reckless development? Who benefits? Not the community,not the race track owners,not the home owners.I'm doubtful the new home buyers will be getting a tax break because two race tracks are near by.I personally experienced the closure of 4 dragstrips I raced at in Calif,NY,and NJ due to this same nonsense. How is it possible to build race tracks out in the sticks and then 50-60 years later have homeowners, developers and local governments basically say ,"You're out of here"? All of us should contribute what we can to make it possible for the race track owners to win these cases in court at all costs. If we have to bury them in legal costs, so be it. This has happened way too many times in America, it's time we racers and fans fight back.
Sent an email. I hope it helps, but I've watched my home town get completely destroyed by overdevelopment.
To many people on this planet. We need population control not more suburban housing. 25 foot tall fence? LMAO!
Whistling diesel has a massive fan base and has led large groups
Done brother.
Emails sent with a great explanation why your track sticks out compared to other motorsports tracks!
Sent an email to all! You have my support Cleet!
Look what happened to Leguna Seca when they built homes around it, now the cars can't breach the 90 or 92 db range for fear of getting fined. Forget that, they build these homes and the racetrack will be gone within 5 years.
I wish i could help from over here in Germany. If there is still something i can do, someone please let me know
Got it taken care of here in Iowa!
Email sent
Inviting fans was a TERRIBLE idea. It’s gonna look like a NASCAR tailgate… guaranteed there will be tire tracks in the street as they leave.
My girlfriends place is 4 km from the track around here and we can hear them on race nights zooming around😂
Can i oppose this even tho i live in another country?
Had the only drag strip in Utah (Rocky Mountain Raceway) taken down because of this exact reason a few years ago. Sucks
i hope they mean the builder has to build the fence. None of this is on Cleeter
Just blast them with noise, there prob. Couple of burn out nights they'll be crying 😢
Hmmm…. County getting an opportunity to make taxes on 4500 houses.  They are going to ignore you.
Email sent! good luck.  Eric
As a promoter of bald eagles, you should probably go get some and let them build nests on that property. Instant environment protection.
The dirt track in Winchester, TN, was bought by the twin lakes development after the neighborhood got established. Since dirt tracks don’t make much money, it’s really only worth the land to build on. So if it’s not zoned out, it’ll just be bought anyway.
Emails sent by me and my boyfriend to every member listed! We're supporting from Denmark 🙏
Cleetus was very well spoken and represented the racecar community well.
Maybe stress the fact that there are so few places for people to go to drive fast, do vehicle related activities in a safe environment. Street takeovers and street racing may or may not be lessened by the availability of more tracks. That said, Youtubers and movies such as the F&F franchise promoting motorport type activities and leaving people with nowhere but the streets to participate in these influences seems problematic. Eventually EV's will be even more a problem, unless of course they gimp them with remote monitoring and other controls. The performance vehicles come with now exists because enthusiasts are in charge of development vs sales people. The folks out there at race tracks on the weekends.
READ THIS cant you legally contest it. see if you can get a court order to stop it. get some people to say there is an endangered frog or another small animal on that farm. and that habitat cant be changed.  go see your local bird-watching group to say there are some endangered small birds on there. some small animals.  the council doesn't care so you have to pester them. they're destroying your livelihood make that clear and you'll be after their money if they do. don't hold back because they'll take it as a sign of weakness. RIP THEM A NEW STHINKTER
Emails sent! Hell yeah Brother!!!
I’ll email all tonight. This exact thing happened to our local track us30 dragway. John force used to race at us30 it wasn’t a small time track then homes went up and now the track is abandon
Emails sent, fingers crossed
Sadly, all the state and county can see with is their wallets. All of the future tax income that they will get is likely a more powerful force than a bunch of out of state people opposing this. Best of luck to you guys!  Hopefully your county is smarter than where I live!
I've sent an email from Canada, i hope it helps!!!
Bastards!
Just sent an email myself. I have hope they will oppose this as well, but I just can't help but think of how they could also allow it because "tax money" from 4,500 new houses and them just thinking of the short term. It's sad to see how 90% of communities around America all look like they were copy/pasted these days. Remember 20-50 years ago when every town/county had its things that made them each unique and different from anywhere else? Nowadays everything just looks the same. Massive "communities" with the same exact houses stacked on top of each other with the same ole massive franchise stores and restaraunts on every corner and they just run places like the Freedom Factory off and everyone just lives the same way these days. It's so sad. Sorry to be negative, I have faith they will make the right decision and will oppose this as well! Hopefully it won't go through and maybe you can buy some buffer zones around the track in the future and own a lot of the land surrounding the track.
...huh....building new homes RIGHT NEXT to a racetrack and then complaining about noise...never seen that before...sigh...Good Luck!!!
Shoulda bought the land out from under them lol
Email sent out from VA. Good luck!
Can I send the email with any impact? I do live in Norway..
Exact reason Rocky Mountain Raceway here in Salt Lake got shut down. Irs ridiculous. Literally used to be in the middle of nowhere now theres houses and business where it used to stand
That is exactly what happened to US30 drag strip here in Merrillville Indiana
That sucks I hope their plan fails I hope you have a line out the door and around the street I going to send a email and make a video and help get the word out.
They built a 55 and up trailer park across the street from my home dirt track. 2 years later the track is just a grassy field. 😢
@CleetusM  Man, I live in New Zealand and if I had access to a track like that I'd be happy! This is a classic story about how people want to line their pockets and not give two shits about the people around.   Seems like your local council are Freedom Haters...
Hope your aren’t going against DR Horton, because money has already been spent and in peoples pockets. It’s called progress and nothing stands in their way. I feel for you and this problem going on across the country.
That's an unfortunate situation, in my lifetime, I've seen tracks lost to urban sprawl, in southern California.
Once again over population and greed are destroying this country!
email sent!
That's the same way Raceway park in nj they did a development near the race track. That development made lawsuits that's its to loud and they had to shut down. They trying so hard to stop the car scence
True it's a bad idea, but in reality the govt wants the money. It's going to be a hard battle. Think about it, 4500 homes means 4500 new property taxes. I wish you guys the best. Maybe buy the land yourself???
I take it that is your opponent in the thumbnail, she looks like a lot of fun ☠
It ruined both our local tracks. Now it's over an hour drive to get to the nearest track.
Money talks...and those developers are showing the commissioners the money.  You've gotta show them how much money the local economy would lose if the track closed.  That would require an economist conducting a study.
I have sent email from Sweden 🇸🇪
They did this same thing at the Fontana auto club here in California. They built a wall by the drag strip cause of noise disturbance complaints from the residents. But right on the other side of the wall is a huge section of railway where trains switch over tracks and move cars. Loud trains moving all day everyday. But people complain about loud noise a few times a year because of the race cars. Plus the wall makes the noise echo more anyways haha. Hope it works out well for you.
The same thing happened at Rocky Mountain race way in utah. It’s been gone, reclaimed and rezoned since 2016
Email sent!
Sent from uk bes of luck
If the developers are this far into the process, it’s gonna happen. Palms have been greased, brown envelopes passed. Local Politicians involved in this have already spent a few weeks in someones beach front villa in the Caribbean. Maybe a bit of a jaded view, but,
They don't care.  All about $$$ for them and getting votes.
Exact same thing happened at Wakefield raceway park in New South Wales.
Real life YellowStone TV show
Mufflers on cars, Silencers on guns. One of these is illegal (almost)
It's happened here in NJ. That's the fastest way to end the track. Hopefully you win this fight.
Cletus, you are missing an opportunity to open an HOA by buying a new home in that development
There are many reasons why this should not take place.   1st We need as many farms out there doing their job and that land can do that very thing.  The housing community has been pushing out into the countries. If we are gonna keep our independence. We need our farming communities to be strong and every Farming plot counts.   2nd. You take the people out of the race track they will be back out on the streets. This Track does much more than just catering to racers.  Now don't get me wrong there are always gonna be street racers. However there will be more if this Track gets shut down.   4500+ residents complaining about the noise, That track will be shut down in a couple of years.     3rd.    Where is the Historical society in all this?   Causing these problems has been a problem in History for a long time. When are we gonna start doing things differently?
Why dont they aim the development at car guys? Would be quite a selling point to have a racetrack on your doorstep.
I rent space less than 1/2 mile from a popular circle track. Yeah I can hear it, but it doesn’t bother me, I can sleep thru it. Home sound deadening (responsibility of the developer), the wall (built by the developer), and sound waivers should cover all bases.   That the land is in use now, yeah it should stay that way save for individual buildings… not developers
Just sent the email. Took maybe 20 seconds. Hope this makes a difference!
Wish you all luck in winning this power to the people stuff like this happens in the UK aswell
Cletus I’m going to be blunt with you bud, that housing project will provide 4,500 more property taxes and plus all the building fees and make money off the whole process of clearing land, building fees, moving in home buying taxes, then annual property tax is all dollar signs they see. That housing development will provide for them over the next few years what y’all couldn’t do in 100 years added together. Greed always wins, sorry to hear this terrible news. You need to help them come up with a solution maybe every house that borders the track or house that can heat the track at its loudest moments you need to buy those homes or something lol
Truth!!
Can we oppose to it when you're not from America?
Just sent Desantis an email about this
Shooting ranges suffer the same effect from urban sprawl.
I live on Long Island the start of stock car racing. In the past 70 years LI went from over 40 tracks to now just 1. That last track almost went under a few times in the past few years. There’s actually a documentary on LI’s race tracks called ‘the last race’ that’s shows how the little tracks get squeezed out. My point is that what’s happening at the freedom factory is almost identical to what happened just a few hundred miles to the north.
I’m in U.K. Wish I could help😡
Fight hard man. My local race track here in Australia is now thousands of homes. My best childhood memories were at this track and to this day I just shake my head when driving past.
I was driving around Bradenton  last year. I wanted to see freedom factory. After that I drove around the undeveloped areas that had streets already put in. I knew that this was coming. The good thing about this area is that is flat, and sound will not echo. it could be redirected.
Put this one the main channel, you will have so much more support. At least put the email piece on there rather than the "show up" to prevent a mob. Much love and support!
Unfortunately, I suspect that money will be paid to convince the vote. It happens all the time. We can hope there is integrity within the county board....but lets be realistic.
Sending a email as a viewer from overseas (Netherlands) is also usable or will they disregard them?
You got this
You won’t now what you have until it’s gone! The Uk has these problems in a big way and now are tracks are very expensive to rent. Also restricted noise, days and times. Help a Brother out and get there to support the cause. It’s cheaper to loose one day pay for a life time of fun at the track!
I pray this does not go through for  homes . So tired of people stepping in to where they don’t have a clue , these tracks prevent street racing and kids from going to jail.
Sent the email in all the way from TN and wish I could show up in person. As a disabled Veteran, your content helps me cope with life. I hope they shut this down fast and deny it.
Wasn’t Garrett going to law school years ago? I hope he has some friends in the field.
email sent
I sent my emails to the listed people, but I can't see another racing institution lost to development. We lost our track years ago and now they wonder why there are so many people street racing. Good luck and I hope we get a great update soon. Kansas City International Raceway (RIP). Maybe its time to sell some more merchandise and other things to make a great offer to the development group to just buy all of it.
Email was sent. Good luck brother. You have millions of us behind you. I won't be able to make it out but I hope whoever does make it gives them hell (peacefully). And remember that to everyone going out its a peaceful protest to back up our boy here. Dont make our boy look bad.
Buy some of the land
Maybe the previous tracks owner knew this was coming
I live in Myakka and I hear the cars 😂
This is exactly why the drag strip in Pomona, Ca  is only used 2x’s a year. Don’t give up!
Man if they do that they definitely gonna close the track. Ppl was always complainf about English town raceway in nj
Cletus you need to buy this farm land next door so this can’t happen again
Unfortunately, it just comes down to money, and beside the fact that county commissioners are often in bed with real-estate  businesses (if they aren't one and the same), the tax revenue from 4500 homes is much higher than what they get from the race tracks and people who visit them a few times a year.
Anyone can send them a email  even if you live far away
If they force you to shutdown the racetrack, street racing will only become larger and more dangerous. Like Miami has been shown the last two years.
My deed has been done.
Emailing now, but I think the EPA will get behind this and steam roll the racetracks. There's nothing American that this administration wants to remain standing. Nothing.
Someone contact Governor DeSantis immediately.
fuck it 1 person makes a diff we dont need more race tracks closing
Your track is BADASS !! Fight for this  cleat!!!  It's just gonna be cookie cutters houses that are built like 💩!  Your track is legendary!!
Email sent from this Utah racing enthusiast!!! Thanks for reaching out!
Would not doubt whom  ever is putting in subdivision is being paid to use their name and company so isn't being seen as one of the failing or failed tracks behind it all trying to take you down......regardless hell ya brother looking for plane tickets now !!!!
I live in Naples I'll drive up cleet
I'll send the email now
Good luck on this.  The commissioning board sees huge new revenue stream when looking at this stuff.  It seems to be all about money with these people.  Where I am, they will limit how a property owner can develop their land stating that they want to keep a rural aesthetic, but then allow a developer to build a huge subdivision across the road.  They will also shut down plans for a zone change for a small business, but allow the same rezone request for someone like dollar general.
i see this a lot where live but with cafes and night clubs like they have bbeen there 40 years and the homes get redone and made into buying homes before public renting and the new home owners complain abouth the nois and some are just like fuck i am cashing out dont want to deal with this shit so a lot of good old places closet in last 5 years
The freedom factory WILL NOT FAIL!!! We. Won't. Let. This. Happen.
I live in a town of about 20k people, it spans about 3 miles at its widest points, and is built on a bit of a mound. I live on the far side of town from our local circle dirt track, lots of homes and buildings between and even if it was clear land between us and the track I wouldn't be able to see it due to the mound. Even with all the obstruction and distance between us it is still fairly loud. A fence isn't going to do a thing. And yes people complain ALL the time about the races. Even they knew when they moved here they still complain
Email sent. We need all 528k people that watched this video to send an email or show up, since the population of manatee county is 412k as of 2022.
Another item is that subdivisions are always built on prime farm land, which necessitates the cutting and clearing of more land for farming, which eventually is bought up to build more houses, which necessitates the clearing of more land for farming, and on and on. Any yet people keep harping on "muh climate change", while they build on farm land.
You brought the attention to that area and yourself had brought all the money attention there . Now they are trying to make money off of what you built because you have to report all the money you make . I don’t think that is a coincidence. I pray everything stays . I hope to make it up there on day . And still hope I will be able too . Good luck CLEET!
Try to show the fact that race tracks that close move the racing to the public streets. That the operation of local race track save lives by giving an outlet for people to test there cars under safe and legal means.
Look what happened to Lagua Seca, one of the most iconic tracks in the world. Hardly being used. And that's best case scenario. Keep it AG land!
Just call in some real BALD EAGLES and have them start building nests all over the property. I'm sure gopher tortoises would love to live there too..
To whom it may concern, I oppose this application to turn agricultural land next to this race track into residential living space. Race tracks are a great source of entertainment for people all around the world. Racetracks bring families and friends together for good clean fun and a great hobby. This racetrack specifically brings entertainment not just to people in florida but all over the world by Garrett posting videos on the internet. Building houses that close with a sound barrier or not is not the right decision.    You have my vote full name and address was on the email with your quote!
Who tf is Garret Mitchel?  😉
Well said cleet
what about a go fund me to raise funds to buy the property yourself?
Stay after it Cleeter. Sorry you are having to fight stupidity and greed
Tell them they NEED these tracks. The need these tracks to keep street racing off the streets! Since our track has closed, street racing has increased!! Give them a reason to need the track!!!!
Lmao. Maybe if you had better morals in the past 3 years I could care
As someone who doesnt live in the states, I dont think my emails would count for anything can anyone confirm?
It would be great if you can also get the media involved somehow, that should make a good local news story?   The racetrack was an abandoned local landmark, and now it's beloved by millions of people all over the world and bringing tourism and business with it.   Bradenton should be bragging about this every way they can.
Bang ole Toast off the chip a few times just outside the meeting so they know what they're dealing with, then ask why, if not greed, they'd want to sell a family home within 1000 ft.
Same attitude for Portland Internation raceway. Yet we get F1 and NASCAR. If I was there I'd show up.
Can we have on of yalls emails to cc you in the emails so you can show them proof? Like a dumby/temp email for just this?
Yo what the heck, this is what always happens too race track and then they are forced too close.
i really hope its going to be fine for you all.. Iam from sweden. and we have the same problem...   dont let the freedom lose!
This has happened all over the country, the city/county does not care about racetracks. They wan't growth and more development for the local economy. You are up against a Goliath and it will be a constant battle until they tax you out of you property so they can have it all. Just keep the track going,they cannot force you to shutdown because they know there is an existing /operating racetrack there. You have rights, get a good lawyer. Good luck.
The same is happening with Rudskogen, a track in Norway. More and more restriction because of housing. Most days not allowed with over 100db. (Short season, winter is here)
even if there is an abatement. the homeowners will bitch. gather together, get a high power lawyer, pay some council members off, and bam now there is a noise ordinance that is impossible to follow and the track gets shut down.  we do not need more housing sprawl. they need to redevelop the sites that exist.
Just buy the land and fill it all up with cleeter fans
Emails sent! Good job on sharing with them our perspective on this!
Cleet you need someone to write you a speech that effectively conveys the importance of saving the racetrack and the consequences of removing it. Also include specific examples of said wall and how it didn’t work in their case. And practice the speech a lot
It's the beginning of the end. Shame to see this will be over in few years...
Mate , build your homes somewhere else , if your worried bout the noise , dont build it next to the top race track in America
we will travel to the freedom factory next year from germany! 🤗
Email sent!! Thanks Garrett!
This is what happens in the UK, racetracks have been there for years, houses get built near then the people who moved in complain about the noise of the cars racing and the racetracks end up getting closed down, it blows my mind how it's allowed to happen.
🙏 hope more than anything in the world this works out for you man!
Getting my emails sent now. This thing is #8 on trending as of my time of writing. Can't wait for them to go in tomorrow and they are like "we received 100k+ emails opposing this"
Track keeps people from racing on the streets .
Purchase the property that they want to develop buy it from those investors
Respectful email sent
Email sent from here in AZ. We had the same thing happen at one of our tracks called the Arizona Motorsports Park. They ended up having to put in sound restrictions for the vehicles that before you could race in tech they would check how lout your car was and if exceeded the limit then you couldn't race unless you did something to bring it back down into spec. I BCC'd the support and event emails for Cleetus and FFFL on the email so that you have a copy of the email for your record showing that I provided all of the necessary information as well.
Just sent an email.
This should have been on the main channel :)
This is as simple as...the race track was there first. Build your houses and tell your new homeowners to shut up.
I really hope this works in your court cleet, it would be a shame for another historic track to disappear let alone a place for car people to enjoy their hobby safely.
Email sent!  Keep fighting brother!
Planning and community development was put in place for this exact reason.  So you don't have a race track next to houses.  That land should be zoned for light industrial (or an equal) as a buffer between a race track and housing.
email sent!
Email sent 🙌🏻
If they close down the race tracks there will no longer be people going to that county
So sad to see this video 😞 Would love to try and help… but live in Denmark. So cant do anything!! But sure hope u’ll get Them to change their plans 🙏 Love the content 👍
Heard about this travesty from "Ray Rainman's" channel. Here in the PNW, we have Pacific Raceway,  formerly Seattle International Raceway. This track was opened in 1960. In the 80's a housing development went in. They thought that all the trees would be enough of a sound buffer...it isn't. Residents complained, and even took legal actions to shut it down...They Lost...track is still there. Like your track, it brings hundreds if not hundreds of thousands of people and millions of dollars to the local community every year.  Your track, like Pacific Raceway,  is historical to the area. I don't know what I can do to help...but if there's something I can do to keep your track where its at..I will. Keep up the fight Garrett
Make a deal buy the land
Hoping the best for you boys! Let the freedom factory fly!  I’m in colorado and I fear this for Bandimere…
Please post on your main channel some people don’t follow your second channel
Cleetus I hope you can win. Money is a powerful weapon.
How stupid can they be, 25 foot wall isn't gonna do shit
Cleet you need to post this on the main channel too. It's too important. Car culture is American culture.
Email sent, Fighting the Fight with you!
Tax revenue as usual
We’re your army I’d drive from Kansas to Florida just to get your back garret your channel the freedom factory is your investment in us we show our gratitude by buying Kerch which in turn is an investment into the freedom factory
I sent the e mails Not easy when you don’t use email you’re dyslexic and your doing on your phone with giant fingers but it’s done
Man if I was closer I'd definitely be there.  Emails going out soon
I live 3 miles from Barona Race Track here in San Diego, I have 2 mountains 🏔 between my home and the track…still here them Rip every weekend and absolutely love it 💪 man best of luck! Ain’t no wall tall enough going to stop the Noise!!!!
I'mma start looking for used bulldozers
I used to fly down to see my Grandparents 3-4x a year & we’d go to races all the time.  If they fuck this up they’re going to ruin a lotttttt of their income for taxes.
Have them do an Environmental Impact Assessment, if there's any endangered anything in the area,find any avenue you can.
Can't make it in person from the Chicago area, but I did make sure to email in opposition.  Can't let things like this proceed.  To many other great tracks disappearing because of this very reason.
These developers need to be absolutely stopped. Theirs more foreclosed homes and damaged homes to be baught and remodeled! Instead of destroying land and developing on it. They need to remodel the existing homes. I hope the best for the FF  im byron Illinois local thats been almost shut down from the noise. And the city of byron has faught tooth an nail at no avail at shutting down the track.  Again i hope the best for everyone involved
Do my email counts if my adress is in sweden?
Email sent from Idaho best of luck to you.
Sounds as though you may already be on it when you say you've got some "professionals" helping with this, but I hate to say it, even several hundred folks showing up for the meeting and thousands from around the world sending emails would have little impact on the boards decision...all they care about is the economic impact to the area. If you can prove that the FF's and Bradenton's growth will exceed the impact of bringing in several thousand full-time residents, then you've got something. You can't just show up and say we were rated the #1 dragstrip in America...show up with hard #'s. I wish you the best.
Good luck Cleet!  Hopefully you can fight off the developers.
Buy the land
JUST BUY THE LAND
Shades of Milan Speedway in Michigan... if you don't know, look it up.
Help in progress
I'm sure you have legal counsel. You need to fight this! This is the first step to closing you business!  We lost a family drag strip that was around for decades due to noise. They were only open Friday, Saturday & Sunday!
Pretty much all of the land around where I grew up is experiencing this same thing. Mostly apartments but they really don’t have a clue how much it impacts the surrounding area
Lmao they gonna shut it down
I've a feeling that with 4500 homes comes some small brown envelopes to to planning people...  And Mrs Karen o'manager will be on the phone the minute she moves in.
Suit up boys
You might have to turn i to John Dutton from Yellowstone Cleet
Respect n support from NZ. ALL the best in this FF.
wake up manatee county council members et al....so much good will result out of the continuation of landmark facilities like the Freedom Factory and Bradenton Motorsports Park...especially since these facilities are steeped in the community and run by people that support and give back to said community.  will another 4500 homes be able to bring the same results? or will it bring more strife and certain disappointment?  a huge thanks needs to be extended to garrett and the management (victor) at BMP and let them continue to flourish.
Email sent
The track provides wholesome family entertainment. A place for the community to gather and enjoy life. I vote for the track and no for houses.
We lost our racetrack here in Utah.
Maybe worst case cleetus could purchase some of the land immediately adjacent to the track, just for further buffer. Or maybe they could convince them to reduce the amount of land to be re- zoned to keep some of the farm land in between.
not just Atlanta Motor Speedway but also a smaller one Southeastern international speedway in Dallas, GA closed in 2005 for the same reason. The population increased around it and it closed due to noise.
Just letting you kno we are here, I got you brother I just sent my email to them hope everything turns out ok.
Y’all better show the fuck up!!!! This man deserves this more then anyone
Please post this on the main channel.  I got lucky that this came across my feed.
Garrett, you can't count on those government idiots to have any degree of common sense. Purchase enough of that land to provide a proper sound buffer.
You need lawyers to speak for you and more importantly for the land. You're fighting big money and the only way to stop that is with laws that are in place. Think Yellowstone and the Dutton ranch stopping the airport. You don't need people, you need the law's in place to stop this. They'll change the law, and then you need the people.
they are going to want major noise abatement that is expensive , and that you will have to pay for , and that will bankrupt you , and then they will buy your property on the cheap and then build more houses or shopping centers ,,, if your property has been there more then 50 years , there should be a grandfather clause were the developers cannot cause you to shut down , you were there first , if they build houses then it it the builders and property purchasers responsebility to see whats next to them and be advised of the possible noise ... do some research on capital raceway in crofton maryland , my home track . that track has been there forever and some dumbass built houses right next to it i mean 10 feet from there fence , and the has tried to complain about the noise and get it shut down for years .... good luck hope your track survives this and thrives !!!
Please know Cleetus,  I would be there for you if I could. You know I stand with you and freedom factory!
Could Cleet/someone buy the land near the track, and use the change of use to build some accommodation for visiting race enthusiasts? I have seen some developments near racetracks that have special houses with large garages and road access direct to the track. Very popular with rich out-of-town guys to have as second homes, or as rentals for people in town for events like FL2k who want a base that isn't living in a trailer for a week!
Emails sent!  We came out in April to a Cleetus and cars and being on the east side we want to make it out to more events.  Good luck tomorrow sorry we can't be there in person!
You all need to get on the county board.
I support you idea you could do a live while there and it would show how much people love the freedom factoy im from Québec Canada i would have Come but à long way home thanks 🇺🇸🇨🇦
I emailed them
I just sent the emails! Backing you Cleet.
These people could care less about a racetrack.
Damn you speak awesome
Welp and just like that there goes racing 😡
Just commenting so the algorithm picks this up
Man this is just like when developments build up around military bases and airports, all noise complaints should be put in file 13 aka the shredder.
this will be very bad for the freedom factory. its going to be very hard to stop a project like this. being a farmer i really hate seeing farm land turned into houses.
Really hope that they will stop with the plans. Did send mail to all above/ Andy
Developers always find a way to funnel cash into the pockets of zoning officials and politicians.
Looks like I’ll be buying a plane ticket today 💀 ILL BE THERE CLEET ALL THE WAY FROM PA
Support from Oregon brother. This is some Yellowstone shit
Look up Reading Fairgrounds in Pennsylvania. Historical track that closed due to snowflakes moving next to the track that's been there forever
EMAIL SENT
Message sent! I'm so tired of these greedy developers building right next to tracks, selling the houses, and then the owners who knowingly bought by a track complaining about noise and getting the tracks, our homes, shut down. It happens far to often.
This needs to be on the main channel also. This is critical, if thousands of houses go up next door it's only a matter of time before noise restrictions and total shutdown happen. There is a reason they have areas designated for rural uses, people have invested in these businesses in the designated area they are allowed to be. Maybe this scumbag developer should have bought property in the development area to build rather than buying cheap rural property and destroying neighboring businesses. The Planning commission is failing miserably at their job, I'm guessing at least a few of them are going to make some money off of this deal.
Grandfather property used to be a thing. courts have allowed to many new residents to close long standing things. farms get forced to close. tracks get closed. Loud sports, huge events like pro-ball get moved. The complainers should not get so much power. Bring back stable Grandfathering land use
Email sent. Hopefully they get 10k+
if I could make it I would definitly be there
What’s happening to Huntsville Drag way in Alabama.
I live 1/4 mile from Kil-Kare raceway in Dayton OH. Still hear the races. I visit the races frequently and love hearing them from our front porch.
We go through this every few years with Union Grove/Great Lakes Dragway vs the Town of Paris. People move within 2 miles of a drag track, and then complain when cars run.   Keep an eye on your local boards and commissions, chances are the developer is trying to "earn" some friends. Its not like Florida construction development has the best track record (pun intended).  I have emailed all those listed.
Done son!!
Its crazy because i work in those communities (Star Farms) close to the tracks and the amount of land that they might be taking is crazy.. No need for all these houses down here.
Do a car give away and if you get 200000 that dont agree and support you with that email one lucky winner will get a car out of 200000 people your 30thou investment will save the freedom factory i am in canada and have a plan to come visit the feedom factory
If you learn syntax Cleetus, you'll win if this does go to the state. Thats syntax-parse-grammar quantum-language you'll be able have it throwed out, show a close lawyer too about syntax ;)
The problem with plans like the one proposed is that everyone signs and understands that the race track exists. After a couple years, new residents come in, don’t like the noise, and fight to get the tracks shut down. It’s the classic NIMBY problem.
We sent an email man!! We fully back you with opposing this. Professionally of course! Please help keep this track open as it has helped keep racing and drifting safe!! Driftaholics approved!!
Same thing happened in manassas va old dominion speedway had been there for years! Homes started being built race track was closed due to noise.
Cheeky developers greasing palms
hate deaf ears. they see money only. 4000 homes is income taxes. normal procedure around me, is to make decisions prior to public awareness.  This makes arguments null, as decisions are done. Could get a group together and buy the vacant land, or a strip of it for buffer.  in general, politicians hate cars
This is how we lost our circle track and drag strip iat Rocky mountain raceway in salt lake City, Utah
Just a tip for folks in an iphone. Take a screen shot and you can copy the text for pasting.  My email is sent. Does anyone know how to make prefilled email submission forms like they do for writing senators and Congress? It would be awesome for him to have it for folks to petition in large mass.
Email sent!!
I definitely will be emailing. This currently just happened to a local dirt track here in Arizona.   They had mud bogs sand drags and dirt track circle racing now there is nothing like that. Really sad are kids miss going out there, it was part of are history and they are taking it all away.
That dumb broad right behind you seems to be the culprit.
They CANNOT build those homes. Even Woodward in Michigan (which holds one of the biggest car events in the world) suffers bc of the people who live in the area. Always calling police because of car noise and even making Facebook groups about it
My advice would be to work with the Builders and see if 4500 of your subscribers would like to buy a house next door to the track.
Why is this not on the main channel?
Poor guy...Gotta deal with neighbors moving closer.   Imagine being an Indian watching colonizers complain about their overwhelming amount of privilege being reduced by any margin..   Kinda blows my mind.
Done Brother
Shared, emails sent, doing my part, and everyone should theirs too. Everyone in the racing community should.
I lived in San Diego for 16 years and every track that wasn't on a indian reservation were shut down. I rode and raced mx at Carlsbad and even did a GP there where they sent us down the drag strip. Unfortunately the money these developers have and the value of that property w 1/3 acre lots is not going to be a easy battle there is just too much money involved 😕
Look what happened to Jax raceway in Florida  same thing happened to them
Sending my emails now Cleeter! Wish I could make it from NY
Just blasted everyone of them with an email. We CANNOT let this happen.
Hell Ya....Brother!  Sent a email letter and Opposition!  We support you and keep on racing!
Email sent! I'm in South Eastern, MI (Planning to be a Florida Resident in the next year). Both of my local Dragways, Milan and Onidaga, are dead and gone. Have to travel over 100 miles out of state to go racing. Sold my Racetruck and everything that goes with it a couple years ago...
Too bad you can’t just buy the land out..
I hate to be a debbie downer, but all of these meetings are for show.  If they are holding the meeting, theyve already made a decision (ie-county officials have already been bought)  We've all seen it happen.  I spent countless hours attending DOI "public hearings" over wildly destructive, useless solar farms that have shutdown ALOT of public California desert.  If they schedule public hearings, its done and dusted.  By law they have to hold the meetings, so they are just checking the boxes so they can go ahead with the plan.  If you want to win, you'll need to find a way to fund 2 things, 1- election campaigns (if applicable) 2- contribute the same or more tax base than 4500 new residents will provide(good luck) Its 100% about the money.  Your feelings and personal interest as a user or property owner mean absolutely NOTHING.   I have a fabrication shop here in California.  When I signed the lease it was a commercial neighborhood.  1 year later they tore down the used car dealership on the neighboring property and put up 3 story town homes.  The buyers had to sign a "deed clause" stating they understood the noise etc.   Within one month of them selling I had the city up my ass about noise, car parts in my back alley (that I pay for) etc.  I am moving this coming summer because the fight isnt worth it.  The city knows this and have created a "residential overlay" zoning classification for all the remaining commercial properties.  Basically they will force all commercial property owners to sell because the fight isnt worth it.  They will cash out, more town homes will be built and they will collect property taxes from 30 homeowners instead of 1 building owner.  MONEY.  Its only about the MONEY.
I have sent a email to every one buddy, I hope it helps!
Same thing is getting ready to happen to the track I race at. I wish you the best man you’ve done an amazing job with the track so far and you’ve done so much for the racing community. I live in New Hampshire and if I’m not wrong we had one of the crown Vic’s from the freedom factory end up at the track
It happened to Riverside back in the 80's, the NiMBY's complained and the raceway closed and became a shopping mall
emails sent.  its much more important to have interesting features (such as racetracks) in our communities and not just a sea of cookie cutter houses.  The only thing that developments such as these serve is to extract wealth from an area and put it into a developers pocket.
Email sent! Good luck Garrett!
LIVE STREAM IT THURSDAY AND LET THEM KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE WATCHING
I hate this shit so much. Fuckers will build beside a track, knowing their is a track and complain until it shuts down.
I’ve done my bit. I’ve emailed them all fingers crossed for you.
Thats the reason they used streets as a race track because race tracks move nor closed,.
Wish I could be there to give my support. But an Email will have to do. Best of luck nipping this in the bud.
Ill chip in my EMail support too! .  DONE =  The sad thing is you're fighting 4500 Housing units that pay tax dollars to the county .. Plus those residents living there that become permanently established... Will be a difficult long fight, and your points are 100% accurate.. Planning was done 50 years  ago to avoid this. but now what.
It won't let me copy and paste. I'll try and do it on my computer later today
So iam in denver Co and I used to live near bandimere speedway and by near I was about 5 miles away and every Saturday we could hear the racing and when nationals came the noise was impressive so I'm with you they are trying to shut down over move bandimere also have for years as urban development increases race tracks disappear good luck buddy there is noway a 30 foot tall concrete wall will do what they think
Good luck brother. Our local track closed 2 years ago because the new owner wanted to expand and add a circle track. That was the final nail in the coffin
Rip all tracks closing! Rip houston raceway. save our race tracks!!
Don't make it about history or emotions but about the tax revenue and tourism that the track generates. They have no emotional stake but they do care about taxes. Look into how Luke AFB did sound acknowledgement and waiver of rights to sue.
Does the YouTube community have enough money and power to offset real-estate development? I live in Canada and can’t help but I stand behind the freedom factory as a fellow dreamer 👍
Good luck stopping this. I would hate to see this track shut down one day.
I was born and went to HS in FL, and when I come back to visit make it a point to go to events at both these tracks. Email sent and hoping for a great outcome!
all emails sent. i'm north of you in Spring Hill
Won’t be able to make the meeting but I’ll def send out some emails. Can’t stand to keep seeing this happen.
You have to talk about this on the main page bro !
I hate to say this.....Dude...You're screwed! Guaranteed that the commisioners and people passing this have interests in this passing.  I wish you the best...but it ain't gonna go the way you want.
You might want to talk to some of the folks in the "Right to farm" movement.   Similar issue, they develop land to houses, people move in, and the complaints about the smells of manure and noise from farm animals and the fight to shut down surrounding farms as public nuisances begins. Several states have passed laws to protect existing farmers from this, google "right to farm" laws..
With you Cleeter.  Don't Kill racing. in any form. Small Track, Big Track, Drag Strip, Mud Bog..... any of it!
I’m In california, is there any way I can help from here?
Email sent!
Sounds similar to Yellowstone!
They should market it as a car lovers heaven. They get to sell homes and people who love cars get to live near a track.   I would love that. Walk to the track and have some fun.
Just buy the 100 acres next to the track  If possible
I live in Columbus Ohio if I email with my Ohio address will it even do anything? Want to stop that.
I just sent an email to the addresses included above.  I truly hope that you get enough support to sway the decision in your favor.
I'm sorry to hear this about the freedom factory it's pretty disturbing and honestly quite disgusting how much things are being built up. I'm from a little town called Grove City Pennsylvania. 9.3 miles away is a town called Mercer Pennsylvania which has a historical dirt track. In the recent decade or so they have went under fire for sound pollution. I guess I'm trying to say this you could build a 50 ft wall of solid concrete and they would still hear them cars. Because I love sitting out on a Saturday night and listening to them cars get it going down the front straight. Give me goosebumps! From all of us to the freedom factory and family break out the heavy artillery cuz I have a feeling you're probably going to need it. God bless you and your family Cletus you've done amazing things for the racing community and we all applaud you. They should go rip down the useless ghetto neighborhoods and build their. Keep it real boys from PA to FL much love
Emailed!
Just emailed the entire list!
Sorry I can not come but I sent an email.
I can’t copy the emails or statement from my mobile app can anyone post in comments please
You have to give the board members more money than the developers are giving them in order to save your race trucks. Money talks shit walks. All politicians are owned by somebody.
Check out the Karen Cunt in the background behind cletus that is going in full hard-core demoncrat mode. You can see the hatred spewing from her face. Send that miserable dirty cunt back to hell where she belongs
can we raise the money for you to buy it and turn it into a massive dirt track?
I cannot come in person. I just did the email. It's hard for me to really ever come there but your videos that are put here using the track are just as important to those that can't go. I look forward to this. My grandfather owned a racetrack in the 60s in CT and I wish we still had it to this day. It's also dad that we continue to try and use every piece of land for housing. Greedy people ruin it for those who aren't
Fuck it race car people just buy the houses next to the track 😂😂😂
this also happened to an entire car coulture close to where i live "ragging".  lots of people moved in from cities, complained about the noice untill the coulture died,...
Get 'em Cleet.
refer to it as a motor park, not a drag strip , sounds better
You see...this is the reason why I have to move out and live over there. It sucks so hard not being able to participate on the events and help out on times like these. Even just showing up...over where I'm at there's absolutely no racetracks or strips that are reasonable enough to go to, proper tuners and builders are extremely scarce and pricey (compared to the average wages) and there's zero fucks given from the government in actually doing something to make racing possible off the streets for the average lad and not the wealthier people alone because racing, tuning and hot rodding is not just a hobby or pastime, it is way more than that. Now hopefully by the time I finally get to go over there things are still around for us to get a chance in living the dream. Fight on brother!
Does Bradenton qualify for a historical site how many years before it can
I emailed
Sorry guys we all know how this goes.
This is like people suing airports for noise when it was there for decades before the homes were built. Nonsense
email sent brother
I hope the 56k that’s liked this video so far, turn up on Thursday  at 9am.
Dopey developers and their dumb projects. This is why you need to own all of the land for miles around when you own facilities like this.  The poor dupes who buy into this development will probably not be told that the racetrack is there.
Having seen this happen before, no fence or noise barrier is going to matter. They will claim whatever they need to, and then soon as homes are built, and people start to complain about noise. The track will be shut down.
I think Clete is well aware of the cycle this has gone through in many places and it must be derailed before the developer gets a green light.  Unfortunately, developers have very deep pockets and find ways to grease the local officials with all kinds of promises such as the developer absorbing infrastructure costs to reduce the burden on current taxpayers.  Odds are heavily against stopping this but there is always a chance.  Maybe engage a professional group that has a good track record in stopping developers.
I'm sorry man but there's a major chance this goes through. The people on these boards, county and state get kickback for these major GDP gains that the developments make.
A good tip is screen shot the description so you can copy and paste the emails faster ( a least with the iPhone the camera roll will let you copy text)
Right on brother stand up for our racetracks. Thank you. If I was close enough to come I would. I know anybody that can find a way will
This is exactly what happened to our KANSAS CITY INTERNATIONAL RACEWAY, sen.Claire McCaskill, is/was, a real estate person complained, it took her a long time but she got it done, she closed our track!!!!!!!!
I won't be able to get the time off but I did send an email and CC'd you in it aswell. I really hope they realize the impact this would have.
Garret, when you go to the Thursday session, have some ideas ready to present of what might be an "ideal" rule or order the County/local boards might accomplish their intent to create a big bunch of residential property tax revenue over the paltry sums ag usages pay. We had a big scramble here in Texas to save a renaissance fair, over 20 years established, from the same thing- propose a "deed restriction" or "inclusion" that clearly describes the potential hazards- that could help get at least a decade down the road; we have seen other similar  events where a later group of "real estate motivated" politicians overturn things. The biggest one is to start the long, laborious and expensive process that led to the Disney carve out- and would put you squarely in the middle of an organizational and operational explosion. Cleet- you like a challenge, but being a politician doesn't strike me as your timber, if you know what I mean. E mail is on the way- a very good idea in our modern communications age!    FR PS; The carve out thing and both the law and terms would be a You Tube Biggie for a while- just write the terms suit your application- and justify the time at law school I'm sure several family members see as "frittered away"- Texican families are more like Florida families than not- hell, if you pull that rabbit out of a "signature ballcap" you may well have a future in politics!  fr
Cleetus, I live in Texas, but sent a email opposing the application. May not be helpful, but tried anyway.
Do I have to be an American citizen to email the commissioners ?  I live in London England and wanna send an email but feel it doesn’t count ?
Buy the land.
If the neighbors can hear the race track and don't like it, they can build a fence/burm at their own expense.   The race track is already there. Had a similar problem with my old local airport. The airport was from WW2 and ccontinued on. In the 50's housing was built all around the airport.  Needless to say, after the new owners moved it, the noise complaints started to roll in.  The airport is still there. ( jets are restricted)
You Gotta Fight Brother Keep Up the Hard Work Hope the little Ripper is doing awesome
Unfortunately we have 1 governor in this country that gives a shit so people from all over the country want to move to Florida! I live 5 miles from Cecil county dragstrip and i've heard about the neighbors complaining. The track was there long before the neighborhoods but on the other end I heard a lot of farmers nearby who never had an issue are now complaining because the cars are a lot louder than they were 20 years ago and the livestock are being affected. It sucks all the way! Best of luck to you... I love the people that buy a new home on the swamp and then complain there's alligators in their pool! LOL
Ridiculous! Everything is pointing to removing gas vehicles and motorsports! More and more EVs and mandates on them. Ridiculous Vehicle Performance citations in California and there other crazy rules that WILL bleed through to other states, you’ll see!  And now less and less race tracks nationwide!! Freaking RIDICULOUS! 😵‍💫🤦🏽‍♂️
We’re praying and supporting cleet!
Here's the email I sent, hopefully we can make a difference!  I am writing to express my opposition to the PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048 to rezone land near the race track to residential. This plan presents many potential issues for the race track and I do not believe it is in the best interests of the citizens.   The track is an important part of the community and is a major source of entertainment and tourism for the area of Manatee County. The natural noise of the races will undoubtedly bring complaints from new residents, and I believe this will be an ongoing source of contention and stress. Additionally, this plan will have an economic impact, as the track is a vital part of the local economy.   I understand the need for housing in the area, but this is not the right location for it. I urge you to consider other alternatives that will better serve the community and its residents.   Thank you for your consideration.
Worst case it does go through, have all the YouTube racing regulars invest and buy the house's closest to the track. 👍
Born in Bradenton, went to this track as a kid.  Moved out of state, but still have family there, and visit it when I can.  Will definitely send email.  Would have caught a early flight if I could to be there.
Email sent. I hope it helps. Our racetrack in KC (KCIR) got shut down for this same reason.
Cleet, it's about money  4500 homes times 1000 minimum in taxes means 4.5 million per year minimum in the county coffers. Keep making your voice heard, developers may be inclined to work with you.
Emails sent
This is exactly how our drag strip 20years ago !!!!
Rehearse your speech, prepare full presentation, wear suit tie bring in local business owners to vouch for you. If you  want real results get ecological impact report done for area. T shirt-cap and stumbling guy isnt good impression of a good well run business
I won't be able to make it but I just sent my email out to them all
You can have half of the country show up. That just shows what you said, how many people support the racetracks. You  can't win unless you can prove the tracks provide as much or more positive impact on the community as the houses will and how this has caused other tracks to close. In their minds they are smarter than you and greedy. They think they will reep the rewards of both.
Do you have actual examples of where these fences fail???
Let's remain respectful everyone! No harsh language and DEFINITELY no threats! (This should be obvious but this is of course the internet and we are also dealing with younger viewers.) - Although I'm not able to physically come to such events at the track the joy I do receive from watching the videos made there is immense. We NEED to stop this proposal and show the members of these boards how important keeping this new housing away from the land is.
What a joke
I have emailed everyone you listed and I hope this helps the freedom factory. Me and my family really enjoy going to the competitions. We hope it will be open for many years to come.
In terms of numbers, you have got your work cut out. I'm from the UK but any developer will likely kick off with the potential economic benefit which could look like 4500 homes each with an annual $50k disposable income = $225m + the development impact of local employment 12m man days + the associated revenue + locally sourced materials $? + ongoing utility and administration charges + immediate planning fees all of which you will need to abate through direct and indirect track tax revenue, ongoing local employment, change of land use and its diminution of local agro economy and resilience, environmental impact including flood zone analysis, infrastructure impact to utilities including new 100mw+ sub station, roads and junctions, together with the ability of the local economy to sustain the delivery of the disposable income upon which the developers plans are predicated + you could require all deeds of sale to recognise the enduring presence of the tracks and everything associated with them. Good Luck!
Unfortunately most of the people voting on this stuff are paid off to push it through
I hope the homes don't get built. Especially with the move 50 years ago, the town can't even pretend the cars won't be heard. It's exactly what kills tracks. Understandable that a town can't afford to cover a move, the tracks are left to defend themselves.  I would like to visit the track someday. Cleetus isn't exaggerating when saying the track brings tourism.  The town looks like a lovely place but I know from my lost tracks that were forced to move, but couldn't, all local race locations died. Protect this world-class location!  Maybe bring a car, and respectfully request to start it up in the parking lot, and the funny part is, seriously no one will have to leave the room to hear it.   Might clue them into the decibel levels these cars put off. 🤔  maybe that's a good thing to mention, record some sample decibels. See if you can find a  wall, or buildings to emulate the 25ft sound barrier to record how the volume levels well make that seem like a piece of paper.
Less racetracks = more sideshows
e-mails sent to all. Good luck brother.
Sounds like you need to assemble the Youtube Avengers...
emails sent!
That race track has been there for a hundred years now they're going to build houses right by it their problem your grandfathered in Orlando speed world has the same problem oh yeah that's right it's Bitho
Post the street address because it is hard sometime to find parking there.
Born and raised in Fort Lauderdale, FL and I guarantee you that the Board of Commissioners is already owned by the developers just like the rest of the entire state.  The developers lobby puts their people in office to greenlight all the projects they want.  I hate to say but you definitely have a huge uphill battle on this.  Follow the money, go back through prior meetings on projects,  sunshine laws require that they keep a log of who visits commissioners to lobby them.  Guarantee, it is a small group of attorneys who make their money getting developer projects approved.  These boards no longer work for their constituents.  They work for influence, power and money!  Damn I hope this gets shut down but if this developer has deep pockets...it will be a done deal.  Having said this, I have emailed all of the commissioners to let them know how many times I have visited manatee county to see your events and have turned other people on to your events who now come regularly.
agricultural ? WOW, that was always a no no where im from. Irvine company pulled bs like that and leased out with some loophole and well, here we are. Incredible they are outside that line. The great point was tracks moved way out years ago so this wouldnt happen and now they are doing it again. Watch the board councils bank accounts people. New mercedes or home, you know what is going on.
There's gardens and houses backed onto the grand Prix part of Brands Hatch in my home town. The circuit actually gives out free passes to the locals to keep them sweet   Maybe something to consider. The more people in the gate. The more people eating your freedom hot dogs. ✌️✌️
Buy the land and build another track
Laguna Seca being the biggest tissue of noise ordinance. Then look at the street racing statistics as well as the bullshit shutdowns.
email sent! May we all band together and save the Freedom Factory!
Crazy these people scream about planet preservation YET THEY WANT TO RIP UP AND TAKE OUT AGRICULTURE LAND FOR HOUSING DEVELOPMENT!!! Makes NO SENSE…
Email has been sent . I live in NC and dream of coming to the freedom factory!!!
I will be sending emails bud...im from WI and have not been to your track YET.....however i have every asperation to make it there and when i can make it to FL i want you to still be there. I have shed tears of joy seeing what you and your team have done for motorsports.....man......yall have MADE RACING GREAT AGAIN! Stand strong and have faith in the Lord and in FREEDOM. We'll win this. HELL YEAH BROTHER!
Can't beat city hall
With a 3 mil plus following to your channel I wish they could all show up😂 E-mail sent your fight is our fight
Damn man!!! Up north don’t get off and get my week off until the 22nd smh….
How hard would it be to buy the land?
I'm looking to buy a house in FL, I'd love to live next to the track!
They need to think about it . If we have no track then we end up on the street racing where there is no safety for the public
The track was there first...
Had to screenshot to copy the description text but well worth the effort. Hope this application is quickly struck down.
Email sent!
This is exactly what happened to my local track. People moved in next to a track that had been there since the 60's. So many restrictions were put in place on when they could race it finally became unprofitable and had to close.
Once you start making money... State wants a piece. Happens all the time sadly... KC Drag Strip had the same thing happen.. people complained enough to make it into a nature walk :(
We had something similar at the rc flying field local to me. The field and club that owns it have been operating there since the early 60’s  then a development went in and some Karen’s started bitching about the sound. Luckily the county commissioners told them to pound sand
we were able to save 417 in punta Gorda we can save the ff
Imagine buying property knowing its next to a race track then complaining about the noise, that shit pisses me off so much.
A 25 foot wall will cut down noise. But will be ulgy as sin   It will have to be a double wall will with a 1500 foot easement definitely should not zoned as  3 homes per lot should be 1  home per 1 acre
Our local track died for the exact same reason! Never good! Ps. Don't convert AG land for homes. How will you feed those homes?
Turn that land into a race museum or keep it agricultural
Im already on my way
I watched California squish Riverside International Raceway due to developers buying cheap rural land and then idiots that bought into it complained about the noise again and again. When you buy cheap land, it is cheap for a reason (a long commute to work mostly).  Riverside International had an international draw for hundreds of thousands of visitors per year with a long history but I think county wanted those property taxes. Good luck and i will do my best to support your efforts
Cleete, you need to have you and the boys pull up to where this hearing is on the two step then walk in and say "do you understand why the tracks are at where they are at?!!".  This noise will be continuous and cause complaints which no one wants. No way should there be homes beside the track.  Although if you build some condoes outside the freedom factory corners with nice garages I'm all in!
god why are people in these positions so braindead Some nerd behind a desk 1000 miles away from the location plans this stuff and they cant wrap their brain around the fact that you kinda don't wanna build homes next to a racetrack.
I hate to see this happening. I grew up in the 50's and 60's going to the Winternationals every year. I hope the county listens but the big money people always seem to win. If they head that way maybe the best option is to get the developers to pay for moving the track. I don't live near you but hope you can win.
I hate to see this happening. I grew up in the 50's and 60's going to the Winternationals every year. I hope the county listens but the big money people always seem to win. If they head that way maybe the best option is to get the developers to pay for moving the track. I don't live near you but hope you can win.
Emails sent. I've also seen this happen to tracks in WI. The new residents would for sure complain even though they knew full well what they were moving next to.  Edit: after reading the comments, I don't think this Planning Board knew exactly who owned one of these tracks and how many emails they are going to get.
Cut, paste, repeat, for THE FREEDOM FACTORY!!
Lmao.     Alot of people.   Bwahaha
We got your back BROTHER!!!
Just need someone to legitimately find some bad soil samples surrounding the racetrack. That's what happened with Irwindale Speedway in Southern California. They were planning to shut it down for new developments but they found some contaminated soil samples in the area.
Email sent! I got your back buddy!
Garrett, This is really bad news. U urgently need to get excellent Lawyers helping u with this matter. The big problem here, is that the Agricultural Land is worth big $$$, once it gets Rezoned as Residential. Unfortunately the owners of the land often bribe Councillors etc, who then vote and approve the land to get Rezoned as Residential. Good luck. 🙏🏻
Buy it all Cleetus, buy that property immediately and build more pits. The commies can try to stop you but won’t succeed.
Its the AG landowners fault. They are the ones selling and rezoning the land. Your only option is to do the same and move further away. Now you know how the Indians feel.
the very same thing happens when liberal city folk move out to the country and next door to farms then complain about the smells.  Urban sprawl ruins everything
The problem here is real estate money will steamroll over anything because there’s money to be made selling houses at the moment in this bubble.   Welcome to unregulated capitalism where the one with the most money wins.
That's how green valley dirt track closed in Alabama
Heh, same thing happened to our track in Fremont CA Baylands drag strip was the only track that was at sea level great weather etc. Gone.. So at the next meeting have a clause, If they build Only the hearing impaired are allowed to live there! 🧨
Run for mayor my guy lol
You can’t beat babalon 👊🏻
If they do go through with it have an annual parade of street cars through the neighborhood after everyone moves in.
Emailed in with a little bit about how we travel to the tracks multiple times a year and use the stores and surrounding amenities BECAUSE of the race tracks. Best of luck! Lost PBIR this year in my area CAN NOT lose Bradenton's tracks!
Email sent, and good luck.  I would be very sad to lose my happy place - BMP and the fun I get to have on thursday nights fun running my ZL1.
You need to mention that when race tracks go away, street racing goes up.
Saw this in Jacksonville with Jax Raceways. The track is now gone and what I have heard is Duval county will never issue a racetrack permit again. Good luck and fingers are crossed.
Dude no way.....
It does bring $$$$ to the area thats a HUGE HUGE PLUS
My email has been sent to the board/commissioner opposing the construction of the homes next to the tracks. Best of luck Garrett!! If I can do anything further, please let me know! You got this Brother!!!
The same stuff happened englishtown raceway in New Jersey when I live there long-standing historic drag strip and it's gone I think just a drift track is left I don't live in Jersey anymore but I do know that drag strip was shut down because of this exam exact thing.. this is terrible and needs to be stopped
Spreading the word. I havent lived there since the 80s. Definitely want a place like this for the next generations.
Sorry to say but you probably stand no chance against developers, only chance you have is if manufacturers for the racing industry get behind you. It's alllllll about lobbying.
West palm raceway shut down and now Bradenton… they want to kill the true car community.
Cleetus Omg This Is Crazy Man If This Happens Your Going To Get sound Complaints Ever Second Of The Day With Then V8s Or They Making You Go Electric lol
Same thing happens to airports. 😢
I live in michigan, a drag strip in lapeer had been run down for a long time and people built homes next to it. Someone bought it and put millions of dollars into it and then it started getting traction again. People living next to it didn’t like it and i believe they’re running restricted hours at this time. Its a rough world we live in and it blows.
One of the local tracks here in Kansas-City was shut down to this same reason a while back wouldn't like it to happen to another track I support this cause. KCIR was the name of the track all that is left of the track is a playground now that they built and it took them forever to build.
We're screwed.  That's why I told you YEARS ago to buy the land around your track. Worst case you cash out with the deal or convert it to warehousing like we had happen here a PBIR and build a new track on a huge property elsewhere. Or...open an investment opportunity and have subscribers buy or sponsor a portion of the land if Old Florida Investments Inc.  (SMR Taylor ranch LLC) is willing to sell for the $13M+ they paid for the 2100+ acres.
You're track was there first. If they don't like it, the development company should have to build the wall.
Cleetus don't let them do it. Same thing happened here to our airport. The built a bunch of homes next to it and then five years later shut the airport down because of noise.
Just wondering how many will show up.
Going to need a lot of public opinion on your side as no way do you have enough money to fight a conglomerate development corporation/a bunch of well off new home owners.  This story has played out many, many times in this nation when urban sprawl takes over a county and the new residents decide they don't like a certain business that is now in their brand new back yard.
The developers could care less about how their developments impact the surrounding areas, ALL they care about is turning a profit. If they can pack houses in, ANYWHERE and have new homeowners disgruntled about the surrounding area, well thats their (The homebuyers) problem...
Emails sent!
You better talk to Ron DeSantis
Pack your stuff, you cannot beat city hall. The developers have more money .
EMAIL SENT! You got this Garrett and we have your back!
Good on you for standing up.
I wholeheartedly hope that you guys win this fight. I’ll be emailing all of those commissioners.  Worst case scenario, if y’all lose, I think PBIR is still for sale. Maybe you & Victor could join forces and make something happen out there? Food for thought.
Excellent that you noticed this plans in this early stage! ✊👍
I wish you the best.  Similar thing happened to KCIR (Kansas City International Raceway) and the track was closed.
Cleetus, you're spot on and wholeheartedly agree with you. Law enforcement be like, take it to the track!  I can't, they shut it down!  It saddens me everytime I hear about another track closing due to home development.  Is it possible to have law enforcement give their side of the spectrum of the benefit of a dedicated race track?
I live in lake Geneva Wisconsin Walworth county. I personally watched this happen to our home track. A little 1/3 mile circle track. My dad raced there as a kid, and an adult. Pro drivers also! So sad to see happen. Do your best Garret!
Post the location of the place. I'm going tomorrow morning
Can international people also email in?  Sure I may never go there in person, but your media brings hours of entertainment to people around the world.  As many have said, this is happening  across the world.  I don't understand how it's acceptable to move beside a race track or airport and complain when it was there first. 🤬
Sent an email from Scotland, Every little helps.
We fought this same thing fifty years ago in Portland Oregon.  Delta Park (formally Van Port A military installation) was being encroached upon by housing developments much the same as what you are facing now.  I went to the planning meeting and simply explained that the track gave the people in the area a place where they could go and safely race their cars.  I also stated that if the drag strip was closed all those people that raced there would simple be racing on the streets of Portland and  that would make a safe sport a safety issue for all residents of Portland.  Consider the safety of the racers and the general population of the area if the track is closed.  Also consider the loss of thousands of dollars of  revenue that turns overs several times in the local business community for each event.  The overall question to the planners is, Do you want to loose thousands of dollars for your business community and make street racing  an every night event or make those thousands in sales (think sales taxes) and keep the streets safe for the residents in the area?
All done cleet from Alice Springs Australia sent an email too all of them I OPPOSE. Shaun T.
That bish behind you looks salty as hell
I find it funny how law enforcement and government want to stop street racing and promote going to a race track, yet they do stuff like this and tracks end up closing down.
People complain about race track noise then they make it close, people race on the road because there's no track and then they complain that people die on the road because of racers. Shit is just a circle of hell
We have your back! Our local dragstrip closed down and I hate to see it. There isn't many tracks that receive support from their local community so it feels good to be a part of hopefully making a difference for your tracks.
email sent. wish i could be there but im in amarillo tx. best of luck to ya tho my friend
I hope this does not go through
Denver is a great example of what can and will happen.  They built several home across the freeway and there is now several rumors that Bandimere has changed the zoning last year now the rumor is Amazon is buying Bandimere.  Amazon is sure to close it down or tune it into an electric car race track.  Here is Colorado we are all just waiting for the bad news to be published.  That will be a very sad day!  I'm here to fight the fight with all of you.
Email sent 👍🏻
Wasn't that whole area a flood plain? *hint hint*
Let’s GOOOOO❤
Same thing happened here in Huntsville AL with the Huntsville Dragway. They built a lot of homes RIGHT next to the Shutdown area at the track and the new home owners tried to get the track shutdown.  The track has been there since 1959 and then new homes built want it gone.  I enjoy the sound of drag cars and I would not want to live next to the dragway. I live about 2 mile from it and I can still hear it when they are going hard at night.  Ridiculous for a development group to want to build next to an active race track.
Some one drop the email in comments, it won’t let me copy and paste.
A prime example is Fremont Raceway aka Baylands the fastest drag strip at the time was closed down because housing was built and uninformed people moved then complained the raceway was closed then people get killed or injured on the streets because you can’t stop people racing you only take away the safe place to do it. Maybe the council needs to take public safety into account and stop pandering to greedy land owners
Email sent brother! I have so many memories at BMP we can’t let this happen
Time to become a farmer Cleetus. Buy the land. But I actually had this feeling when you bought it. Is all a matter of time. When the town and state see the tax money generated by 4000 homes, is an uphill battle.
i`m from the netherlands so I can`t really do anything. But I have sent an email to all of the above. the racetracks aren`t just a florida or even america thing. It`s an international thing. So the common interest far exceeds that of the housing project. Hope it all works out.
Emails Sent!
I live across the globe, in Finland but I sent an email :)
What does city planning do?!  Do they not plan things?! What was the "plan" when this track was approved? Was the plan to extract as much $$$ as they could and then... when it was no longer in "their" interest, they plan to fffk the owner over when ever they feel like it?! The intended use of the property, has NOT changed,the whole time the taxes have been paid and rules have been abided by!   Here is a funny thing... when i dont want to hear the hwy traffic noise, GUESS where i dont move,next to a hwy! Stands to reason... if people DONT want to hear race track noises they DONT move next to the/one of the, most popular racetracks going!     Sue for loss of income and MAN that  is going to get REAL expensive for them  real fast, as you can prove easily it is a HUGE revenue generator!
Email sent! Damn the man - save the empire!
We the people need a place where we can express our individuality in auto sports.
Make the homes near the track race car owners. All homes on that side have track access for a fee.
email is sent brother!
Looking at this from the county/cities perspective, I think they are going to see 4,000 new homes which bring 8,000+ new people and 4,000 new property and school taxes vs a race track with a few sold out events. I just having a feeling they are going to see the homes and added population as more of a revenue than 2 race tracks.
Just sent out the email. We had a dirt track in town here never had the chance to go. But some people didn't mind the sound in the new housing development near but some hated it. Eventually it got bought out and now a Walmart is there. Sad but I don't wanna see the Freedom Factory and dragstrip have to limit their hours of operation or go entirely. Would be a shame. Good luck from Central Texas
You've already won mate, I can't wait for the turnout and emails. It's going to be insane. This is the good side of the internet. Side note: I live next to Amaroo Park in Kenthurst Australia. One of the best tracks NSW had. Now just houses, same for Oran Park. Only a handful of local tracks exist and I just hope Luddenham gives us Western Sydney folk some hope.
Hell yeah brother. Done and done.  -- This is a definite DO IT FOR DALE moment.
It’s all about money bro. They don’t care about you or your race track. I hope you win your the right to leave the track alone.  But at the end of the day. They only care about money.
LOL remember sound only travels 25 feet up from the ground and stops. Seriously who comes up with this crap? Let's help keep this racetrack alive! Sadly I bet the incoming money will win and it's sad this crap happens. Google luck!
Urban sprawl - increased & expanding house communities (large subdivisions) is the real problem.  If people want to live in a community where houses are 10 feet apart from each other, move to the city!
No
Can I virtually appear?
Buy it
Put it on nextdoor in the area.
You might find information to help you by looking into the airport situation in Denver years ago where they pushed out the old Stapleton and built DIA.  The situation is the same as yours where the urban development is out to DIA and the new home owners complain about the air traffic. MAYBE some information or cases your lawyers could refer to????  Just a thought.   Also look into Bandimere Speedway,  (you've been there) They are going thru the same thing. MAYBE some information or case stuff for the lawyers there as well.   Stay Safe, Stay Warm and Love Often
Been watching and supporting you for a decade or so. Email sent. fking developers
Welcome to corrupt politicians ...it's all about the money. If the big boss in the County is friends with the developer you done. I belong to a shooting Range that is out in the country and started in 1933 ...many miles away from anything. Now the housing developments have crept up and they trying to shut it down.
Emails sent!!!!! Let’s keep the freedom factory and drag strip open for many years to come!!!
buy the land. let more eagles fly free
Remember that by keeping the race track open, you are also keeping people from doing stupid shit in the streets. You’re taking them off the streets where they could cause fatal accidents, where they could get their license suspended and you’re putting them on a track where they could do their business without hurting anyone
Just sent them an email from each of our family members in our household. hope this works out and with a little more notice I might would have drove down to attend in person. Are they planning to have an influx of street take overs? Let's keep these tracks open for the safety of the streets.
Katie isn't looking too happy 😂😂
Just a tip for some help.  Going to a hearing like this or talking to planning commissions you should throw on something a like a button up and nice pants.  Appearance can help even if it's stupid. Some people are rude and won't take people serious for various reasons and dressing up can help.
Happened to Englishtown in NJ and those houses are pretty far from the track. Noise and early curfews. Was the death of the track.
I did my part cleet
I'm guessing  you'll be mandating mufflers on the race cars. good luck bro.
Yep the same scenario happens with farms. People building homes right next to the farm and then complain about the smell.
Emailed my support brother!
Hate to say but if not this time in the near future they will approve this. Atlanta dragway, Memphis, wild horse, Englishtown, Houston just to name a few have all fallen. It’s over bud.
You heard the man, no burnouts in front of the courthouse ya heathens.  Emails sent bud!
Unfortunately it won't matter how many people support The Freedom Factory, it only matters how much money these officials will pocket from developers.
The amount of capital invested in the Freedom Factory…this would be a devastating loss
Just finished sending out all emails with a detailed explanation as to why this track means so much to everyone, I hope this helps out Cleetus!
This was main channel worthy.
Bring up the safety aspect that closing race tracks pushes racers to the street. This brings up illegal and unwanted racing that is a danger to other drivers and the racers themselves.
I don’t live in the US but would like to help? Does it matter if I’m not from the US if I email?
wow brother! get the W keep thriving  (Y)
How can i help? I'm not from the u.s
Sent an Email keep up the good work Cleetus!!
We stand with you cleet
I already sent emails on three different emails accounts hope it helps you out i am letting all of my friends know so they can do it too but i dont know if it will help you are 5-1 as of now
email sent!
Hey Garret get the word out on nextdoor. I think you can get a lot of support and hit the right target audience.
you and all of your youtube racing buddies should team up and buy the land!!!
Sent my email also got my brother and mom to do it hopefully I can get others as well
Done and done brother. I am so sorry I can not be there, but I have emailed each and every one of those email addresses. I hope it helps. Bradenton Fl is a national treasure, the raceway should be considered protected grounds. We do NOT need another great American Raceway closing down....
Not going to win, unless you buy all the land, In Miami we have lost 3 tracks to Housing ..
We have a similar situation in Wanamaker Indiana .The Marion  county  fairgrounds are surrounded by houses, and have been for years. The fairgrounds have been there over 100 years  2 years ago  the owners of the speedrome  track up the road signed a 10 year contract to open a dirt track, and a road course on the fairgrounds. Sense the track has not been in use ( other Than the county fair ) for many years the neighbors are trying to get them shut down for noise complaints.
Unfortunately it doesn't matter how hard you fight it. They will pass it. Called lining the pockets!! They fill them full of money and kick backs so they get approval.
Reach out to the Boys at Meat Eater they're hunters but they're also amazing with land laws as well as utilizing land laws to defend green space or convert it to public land
Do i need to live in the us?
buy the land. make it a parking lot.
They’re doing it all over the place building houses close to the track and then everybody complains to shut down the track. You shouldn’t move next to a track fu ck you I say keep up the fight  boys.
Hey Garrett why don't  everybody pull their money and let's buy that land.
Emails have been sent to Oppose! Hoping this gets shot down man! We are losing way to many tracks at a fast rate and it needs to be stopped!
There also needs to be signs along the road saying Racetrack!!! So when potential homebuyers see this they will turn away!
Why can't they split half and half. The half close to you keep agricultural. And then move 2,000 homes in the further half so the county gets the money there looking for. you get to keep the race tracks. And like you said the track bring tourists that also brings money to your county. If not try keeping all that land agricultural
Here I am, watching CSPAN for Cleetus and writing a letter to the board... As a registered and voting Florida resident I hope my message carries some weight. Noise abatement is essential! I can hear our local drag strip from the highway when I drive by - but that's awesome for me.
Emailed as soon as I watched this video. We can make a difference in having our voice heard!
So there future plans are affecting your existing program. That's like saying I'm planning on buying this tank but it's going to take up 2 parking spots so I need you to give up your parking spot
Just emailed.
Crazy how it's the GAS Automotive enthusiast at this point in time that are being Bullied. And that is what this is, Bullying. Plenty of Land everywhere else to build homes on, But they always selectively and intentionally pick where to push someone out.
Buy the land next to it use it for expansion
Tell them to give you a cut of the hoa/cdd and it’s part of the amenities to have track access.😂
I live in Manatee County and urban sprawl has taken over with the County Commissioners doing the developers bidding. I sent this out to about 100 people who believe the same. We need to unite other groups to fight this urban sprawl.
I  wish I were closer so I could stand with you guys at the council, but I'm with you in spirit.  I just sent a email to all the listed parties as you recommended.  I've reposted the request among like minded friends as well.  Hopefully this movement can gain traction across the motorsports community to preserve not only these, but so many of our nationwide venues where may safely and legally practice we our beloved past-time. Many thanks for championing this cause and bringing it to our attention.
Done
👍🏻👌🏻❤️🙏
I live in a rural area.  3 homes per acre is actually quite dense.  yuck!  I hope it goes in your favor.  Fight with everything you have.  youtube content, twitter, write your representatives. everything
Emails sent! Best of luck with this!
Dude fight it like the devil. We lost a great historical drag strip in independence mo. KCIR look up how they screwed the owners. If they dont listen make them.
I don't understand why people buy a home knowing that it's next to race track and then complain about the noise. There's no way that they can't know that there is a track.
Thats a lot of land noted in question.  Could you buy the land from the developers or people trying to rezone.  Sounds like a 8 digit purchase fthough.
Btw Done with the emailing lol
I would jump on a plane today if I could but will be putting in emails after work today best of luck bud this is horrible for any track been drag racing with my dad my whole life and where planning a trip from pa to freedom factory and Bradenton this summer so I hope you win this
Share on main channel
Emailed them now!!! I'm in nevada but id love to know how else I can help!
PUT THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL
Cleet, email sent, shared all over social media!!! This needs to be on you main channel ASAP
Emailed them! Go get em!
People in town councils are utterly incompetent traitors! Follow the money, they gotta be taking bribes. There is nothing these councils wont do to BETRAY the citizens FOR THEIR OWN PERSONAL BENEFIT!
If you live in the states an don't sent a email. You suck. Just saying
Start a fund so you can buy it off them
thats so sad , si viviera en esa zona sin duda iría a apoyar este proyecto, tengo años siguiendo al buen cleetus saludos desde Chihuahua Mexico, I hope this problem is resolved soon in favor of car racing and cleet.
I love that you are fighting for what you believe in. But the greedy rich don’t give a shit about anything but 💰 💰. Good luck bud.
Hope for the best but they are looking at $$$ for all those homes.
Only sell houses to Cleetus subscribers. Problem solved!
Email sent brother.
Do you have to live in manatee County to email the board? Is that a dumb question?
So they dont want people street racing, or doing any kind of racing out in the public, yet when we have a place to do so, they want to go ahead and allow it to be closed or bankrupt. The whole reason of having this area is for us car geeks to go and have fun the right way in a closed track. Who understand these people.
I wont be able to be there in person but the email has been sent! SAVE OUR RACE TRACKS!
I agree 100% with what you are saying Cleter. I have seen it up here in Northern Indiana. In Winona Lake, IN, the 4H fair grounds used to host huge races all the way up to the early 90s. Houses started going up and someone sued the Fair Grounds because of the noise. The homeowner ultimately won and the race track shut down.  A few years ago, the Fair Board attempted to restart racing. Everyone was excited to bring it back because the person who got racing shut down had passed away and left the estate to the family. The Mayor of the adjoining town (Warsaw), several small business owners, and people who lived around the lake where the Fair ground is at all went in and put a ton of money down to force a stay on the lawsuit from the 90s and shut the restart down. The Fair board literally had all the support from a lot of people in the community, but all the people who put the money in to force the stay, won and the fair board wasn't asking for much other than having races once or twice a month to make some money for 4H programs and to bring in new things to keep the Fair Grounds from closing. Such a bummer and I will do my part to help out.
They should be the ones responsible for any walls. Your track is already there and established.
I just hope nobody releases any endangered animals onto that land to make it protected. GUYS.
Sorry brother its not tight i do apose and support the freedom factory all the way feom South Africa fight them
Better Call Saul
They should realize how important the freedom factory is to the community instead of doing it in the streets it's a safe fun place for everyone to injoy the project development people should think 🤔 about sound proofing just the honest closest to the track it's a win win for everyone I'm sure cleetus can donate some funds towards the project but a wall or fence isn't going to do much of anything
Your efforts bring entertainment for the masses, it cannot be overlooked how many people you serve doing this. It is a public serviceby now,I really hope that your effort to prevent this from happening works
I’m gonna do both email and show up!
Hopefully  they don't go thru with it ...one day when I get my little YouTube up to with the subscribers..want to race u ..my channel is goater vision
Same thing happened at Pacific Raceway in WA state, bunch of homes built next to the staging lanes/pits..Now the residents constantly complain about the noise and strict curfews are shutting events down. Wish you guys luck fighting what inevitably will happen if the homes are built!
Damn bro if I wasn't across the country is be there!
Same thing happened to raceway park in Englishtown, New Jersey in 2018, these developers always seem to get their way, SMDH
Hey man, my dad has been on the planning commission in our township for over 25 years. He says you should be grandfathered in because certain things were set in place when this land was purchased by the first owners and you being the now owner should be grandfathered into what was signed when this land was purchased
This is the EXACT same thing Lapeer Dragway in MI went thru.  Tracks been there for decades, new homes built and these clowns cry about the sound.
Somewhere in Florida, an IT technician is trying to understand why his email server just died a hot death. And just sent my email from Mauritius so hope that counts :-)
Great job speaking
We are losing all our tracks in California for the same reason. I hope you can save yours. Perris Speedway is in the same boat right now. Good luck!
As a huge fan I wish both Victor and Cleeter the very best.  Unfortunately the county/town is looking at bottom line tax dollars.  I'm sure both Vic and Cleet pay a sizeable amount in property tax but it likely pales in comparison to that of the thousands of single family homes planned for development.   I hope I'm wrong but this seems like a very difficult uphill battle against a bigger "entity ".  Good luck gentlemen.
I just emailed in support!
Buy the land Cleet
RIP to their email accounts haha
They are out to take our freedom away chip by chip
I live in a small town outside of cincy, we have a dirt track and the small town it's in has a noise ordinance and on fri and sat they can run til 2am I believe. Idk if something like that could help. Will definitely copy emails and send in my help. I love what u guys do
Email sent! They shouldn't build homes within even 1,000 yards of the racetrack. Cleetus you're just gonna have to do like John Dutton on Yellowstone and get elected mayor. Lol
Damn Cleet you sounded and carried yourself better than a full on attorney. All you was missing was a suit and tie
Mayors and commissioners just look at the potential tax revenue and extra votes they get from more people moving in. Then when tracks and recreational venues get shut down for the exact reasons you stated, they bitch and complain about street racing and people being reckless in parking lots because they dont have anywhere else to have fun.
Email sent. Best of luck.
Folks please take the time to do the emails.
I grew up in Jacksonville, we had a track at green cove a few years back, it was in a rail yard. The lease ran out and they lost it to a car manufacturer. It was the closest track that did drag, drift, and bog to me. The next closest I think was capital city or Gainesville. They lost the lease to people complaining about sound and didn't give them the chance to resign it that they gave to the car manufacturer.
email sent!
As a former Noise Abatement official I can tell you that 70 dbA over 24 hours or 75 dbA over an 8 hour period is the threshold for environmental impact. You need an environmental impact specialist.
I live right next to you Cleetus, but I’m out of town. The email is sent! I hope our community can show up and support the tracks!
Great presentation Garrett, the community aspect and the number of people the tracks attract are a great argument. I think you should also highlight that people always say "don't race on the street, go to the track". But tracks are becoming so rare because of this. There need to be accessible, safe places for motorsports to keep them off the street.
I'm in Indiana, but I got you on the emails brother
We’re pulling for you brother! These damn bureaucrats will never stop destroying the true great things in our country.
Sorry for the uphill battle to come 🙁
Email sent
Come at them with issue of the wildlife they are going to be displacing you get the animal ppl involved and it's a wrap
Unless you can "Donate" more to your representative than the real estate agency does, I have bad news. Best of luck Cleeter, I hope things work out well.
sunshine speedway,Golden Gate Speedway
They need to stop building shit theres gonna be nothing left could try the epa card just think of all the wildlife there going to displace idk might work but might backfire an come back on the cars being a pollution problem idk i know years ago they wanted to build low income housing behind our property an we called the epa an they stopped it an it became a state park so it might be worth a try or raise money an buy the land thats next to the track?
Call on every YouTuber that you've included / invited to any of your events.  Leverage the network!  You ask so little of them, yet have given so much.
As a developer, this pisses me off.   The track has been there for YEARS. They should have no right to effect established businesses. Don't like the noise, don't fucking build or buy there.  Fight it.
Growing pains  I'm hoping y'all can gain footing
This is quite stupid I see plenty of place in Florida away from track and they don't do anything there why would you want to cancel the history that this track bring over the years while new owners have right to cancel it this is not fair . Car culture as turn into greenland and that's not cool I am angry to see that after a big hurricane that wiped clean thousands of house still have promoter trying to build new house while most of these house will end up empty because housing are not affordable anymore I wish you to win Garrett this is not just for the motorsport but for our freedom! Keep it up brother!
There is just simply too many people . I feel terrible for any baby being born into this overpopulated scuzzhole we have turned this workd into.
You've got quite a few emails coming from near Pittsburgh, PA! My bf and I (politely) had a few words to say and ill be reaching out to family to spread the word. Much love! We got your back brother!
7 emails sent!
Might as well put a hotel right there with a rooftop bar so they can watch some fast cars!
Sent the emails this morning... Keep the fight going!
This guy walks in with a ball cap and race shirt, then drops clean clear truth.  It's like he has some law school or something.
Billings Mt has a decent idea with there strip
Need to raise the money to buy the land. The issue really becomes the property tax revenue after the 4500 homes are built (estimated $5-15 million annually), not to mention the construction grift that comes with a development that size.   First step, stop the rezone. Second step buy the land. Third Step figure out how to pay the property taxes each year, should be easier if still zoned agriculture. $100 per subscriber ought to do it, for the purchase.
email sent hope it helps.
We need some big names time to show up for your boy 100
Make a petition and get signatures brother! Get your and rays fans to list objections with council against this development 🤘 With love 👍🏻
Gotta mention how the drag strip gives a healthy alternative to street racing. Kids are going to be kids, but if there's no other option, then the likelihood goes up. 🤔
Buy a house near a race track, your going to hear race car noises.  You are there first.
Bring whistling diesel
Well done Cleetus, keep up the fight
Damn man, I really hope everything works out for you guys 🙏
DEFEND ALL THE ANIMALS THAT HAVE TO LIVE IN THAT PROPERTY THAT THEY ARE FUCKING GOING TO DESTROY GOD DANG IDIOTS WITH THERE DUMB APARTMENTS
I can’t go to the meeting but I sent emails to all of the commissioners. Let’s flood their inboxes with stout opposition to this new development.
Wouldn’t a fence just amplify the sound
Wouldn’t a fence just amplify the sound
This happened to a shooting range near me. Range had been there for years, neighborhood moved right to property line raised a ruckus range shut down.
What about the people who want a trackside home so they can watch from their back porch, maybe put in an airstrip too, the racetrack airport country club is getting popular,  maybe you should buy the land 😂😂
It’s all about who has the most money.
7 Emails Sent.
Get Desantis involved. He is a freedom loving american. He must have a say in this.
They shut down the local track we had for years in chandler, Indiana because of noise issues..track had been there since the 50's...
Brother put this out on the main channel too
Well spoken Cleet.. you're a beast
You really can't stop the noise from getting out. I live in martinsville, va. 20 plus miles away from martinsville speedway you still hear plain as day the race noises. Actually you can be in Franklin County and still hear the races on race day. People need to be educated on the noise and how much business it brings into the community each race. I know not every town is in an economic down fall like martinsville.  I've seen personally dirt tracks fail because of people complaining about the noise.  Many on which I grew up at.
Email sent to all of them. We battled the planning commision in our neighborhood and sucessuflly fought off apparments being built next to our housing development. It wouldn't have been a big deal, but when the houses were being built, we were all told it was going to be retail and then after the houses were built, they said it was going to be apartments and then we found it it was zoned for aprtments the whole time.
I think this county is about to be shocked by the power and support Cleetus has from his followers. Do it for Dale!
DONE! Sent an email, hope you get the support you need.
email sent
This is exactly what killed Raceway Park in New Jersey. One of the only NHRA tracks in the area and the owners finally had enough of the years of back and forth with the town being called on them by new neighbors on a weekly basis. I've sent emails out to everyone in your description and hope that there will be some positive news coming from this!
I've noticed a bunch of race tracks being torn down for residential subdivisions and I really can't stand it. They're removing so much American History. Greenville Pickens, one of them being torn down. Another was a Historical Dirt Track that they ended up not being able to build homes on it due to contamination from sodium chloride treatment on the track, so a race track was torn down for nothing.
This is BS that we have to compromise our community and heritage for the profit of a tiny few. Nearly every square inch between Bee Ridge Rd and Rye Rd is already being developed. Enough is enough!
Comment against sent.
Cleet - can you make a deal with the developer or county to sub divide and purchase the land on the border of the track and then turn it into park or race garages like they have at Thermal raceway?
Email sent!
Smart that you're not waiting it out and trying to fix it before it even gets to the point that you need to leave. I'm rooting for you I'm hoping that the outcome will be in your favor. I am not from America so i can't help you with opposing this application. I do hope that all your American subscribers will help you out. With more than 3,07 million subscribers you must have a lot Americans that can opposed the application
Sent out my emails on opposition. Hopefully they're effective
My local circle track and drag strip closed to the exact reason (Millington, TN)
This is exactly how we lost our local track KCIR on Noland road. Was there since the 60s and was shut down around 2008 or so. I used to absolutely love being able to hear the cars from my backyard. Used to love being able to drive five minutes down the road to a test and tune. Now I gotta drive 2 hours out to topeka and rent a trailer just to go to any event. My track days have dwindled down to almost never because I just can't afford to spend 200 dollars in gas/trailer rental just for a 20 dollar test and tune night. Was shut down for the exact same reason. People built houses knowing there was a race track then complained and got it shut down. Best if luck to you man and I will be here to support however I can. This affects everyone in the car community.
I can’t make it but I’ll definitely send the email
Suggest you put a sign out in front the dragstrip or freedom factory that says the following " Application PA-21-09/Ordinance would allow 4500 new homes to enjoy the sound of racing engines on a daily basis. If you like the sound of racing engines, you will probably greatly enjoy your new home. If you don't.... consider yourself informed." Also, I would suggest you ask to see the engineering study that shows how much a 25 ft wall will reduce the decible level to these new homes. I doubt they have done such a study because they would have to do a baseline noise study first to determine potential benefit. If no study, then it's irresponsible to ask for one to be built.
FYI for those of you on the YouTube app you cannot copy and paste go to the actual YouTube website so you can copy and paste all the email addresses.
Pulling for you cleet. Balls already in your court. Time to dust off that law degree brother!
Send an email all the way from the Netherlands in Europe, don't know if it will help but I hope to be able to visit the freedom factory someday!!!
If I didn’t live in Iowa I would be there
Let's do this
Cleetus, is there a way you can buy the land? Probably a long shot and very expensive but would protect your investment. You could put a mobile home park or storage facility on it and get some cash flow
That ladies face says it all that’s the I’m not happy that’s the I don’t like what there doing that’s the I want them shut down that’s the me and my friends aren’t into that
The time has been updated from 1:30 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. to 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.   EDIT: I think you have gotten the attention of the county!  The time has been updated from 1:30 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. to 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.   LET THE PEOPLE SPEAK!! Email sent to the county officials. Sending good vibes that the county sees what you bring to Bradenton and how you have helped put this place on the map. You made an investment to your community after you had seen others go completely bankrupt on the property and that should not be punished by real estate investors only out for their dollar. They do not care about the community like you and the crew of the Freedom Factory do
Copying email addresses is easier when viewing YouTube from your browser and not from the app. I was able to do it very quickly this morning.
We should have a meet up ( like whistlindiesel at the board meeting )
Garrett..  I've had some experience in these things.  My suggestions...  1.  The county commision, planning, et. al. only $ee number$.  You need a solid rundown of exactly how many people attended your events on how many days.  Better, a solid "economic impact" review.  How many dollars are you generating for the surrounding community?  Petitions, signatures and rowdy attendees (with signs) mean nothing.  2.  Get a solid attorney, well versed in zoning law, on your team.  (When I sued my city, I hired the man who "wrote the book" (literally) on TN zoning law, said book used in law schools.)  3.  You may not want to hear this, but you need someone else to be the face of saving the track.  Possibly the attorney, possibly Mattie.  Why?  If someone wanted to go against you, they'd just point out how many triple digit pulls you've made on the local roads.  They could shift the entire argument from zoning and business to whether or not you are a responsible citizen.  Not saying it's right, just saying that's how it can work.
How about buy the property and build a monster truck stadium problem solved lol. Good luck guys ! God Bless.
E-mail sent, I have seen quite a few dirt tracks in my area shutdown due to this exact sequence of events,.
UPDATE I HAVE EMAILED ALL OF THEM I HOPE THEY LISTEN 🤞
Think property setback passenger and loading is father than what the county is encroaching on if state law requires noise ordenance sue the builder to build a wall provision or he's required to sell the permit back i do believe wheres your business insurance
just emailed them all from my work email.   Baller status.  You have more than a chance Cleetus.  What you guys created is pure modern magic dude.   That magic  can move mountains amigo.  Don't forget that.
Why wouldn’t they just invest in making it a commercial area???? Put in restaurants, fast food and various shops.
Your going about this all wrong. You have to offer a larger bribe to the local officials that have already been bribed to approve this. Unfortunately, that's how the world works brother. best of luck🤞
Just sent my email! We got your back Cleetus! Not to mention all the employees of the racetracks.
You buy it cleet
Hire a hammer attorney to represent you.
Sorry but you don’t have enough money to stop this, the developers have already paid for this to be approved. It will be a miracle if you stop this and I hope you do.
Email sent brother. Good luck and greetings from the Czech Republic
Done and Done.  I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048 As you can tell from my address I live in Osceola County, so why does this concern me? The Freedom Factory (Race Track), and Bradenton Motorsports Parks are two of the premier racetracks, not only in Florida, but in the South-East, if not all of the United States.  Drag Strips and Race tracks were born out of a need to have safe, regulated places to compete with high horse-power vehicles. My son who is 19 recently had his first runs at a Dragstip in his Mustang, I would much rather for him...for everyone who has a "Need for Speed" to do it on a race-track and not on city streets. As Garrett Mitchell said when he presented to this committee, we have seen time and time again, race tracks get shuttered, because developer's promised Noise Abatement under-performed and the surrounding communities complained. Please protect the Freedom Factory and Bradenton Motorsport Park. Thank You,Steven Maltby
same happened in our local track, we lost it tho. good luck
Emails Sent I hope you beat these politicians!
Email sent brother good luck!
lets get a crowd funding buyout of the land and make more racing event possibilities.
That is sad, I'm French and we also have the same thing here.. That is sad, motorsport is about to die
Love your channel and content but time to start looking for another place to build a track. Sooo much money in property tax, no way you can stop this. Wouldn't be surprised if some money has made it into decision makers pockets, someone's cousin gets a contract to do the building. You know how it works. There is plenty of other property they can build houses on but like you said someone wants to sell the farmland and that generates more revenue than your tracks. just the simple truth.
tell them to buy the track from you maybe 500 million might work
Your speech was very well written and spoken. Of course you have our support. I hope you get a huge turnout on Thursday!
Sending Emails NOW!!!
you hit the nail on the head with how racetracks get closed down.  the heck with that.  don't move in next to one that has been there fifty years and then complain!
Everybody in Florida needs to make the trip and show up for this
Cleetus, buddy, I had a 1/2 mile paved oval that was 10 miles from my house. My entire family, aunts uncle's you name it, we were there since I was 5, I'm 49 now, it held big shows in N/W Indiana just outside Chicago. Held televised ARCA Races. It didn't stand a chance. It's been 5 yrs now. My heart goes out to you. I'm so sorry buddy.
I really hope that they understand the worth of this fine american gem and what it stands for.
I hope you win and they dont rezone the land, but I think it's unfortunately already a foregone conclusion. The City council has already done the math of 3 (taxpaying homeowners) x 1 (acre) x 4500+. That is a lot of money for the county and they only see $$$ unfortunately.
Email sent brother
Two words... Mordida. 😉  You gotta "influence" the commissioners more than the developers.
I just sent my email to them opposing this. I hope everyone that cannot attend the meeting will do the same.
Did anyone know that Cletus is Garrett Mitchell?? WHO is Cletus McFarland?? Would you buy a house 50 feet from a racetrack?? Florida land is booming. Walt Disney showed you can build on swampland!! He bought 30K acres at about $250 an acre!  Worth billions now!! Cletus’s land is prime real estate!! Developers want it! If he won’t sell haters/bully’s will make his life miserable!! They already want him to build a 25 foot berm for “noise and safety”. Strange it was safe before developers showed up! There will be many more crazy demands if he doesn’t blink!! They’ll offer him millions. If he says no lawyers will start Immanent domain and force him to sell! The 💵 rules and if you get in the way you will be trampled!! They don’t care if they ruin a young mans dreams and plans!!
Sounds like it's time to move the race track again.  I would expect the residents would probably prefer 4500 taxpaying families (9,000 voters and their kids) to, using your words, "100,000" boisterous out-of-towners jamming the local roads, etc.
Man up here in New York the town you plan to build on has you sign an agricultural agreement before you even attempt to build a house and that locks in the farmers that were there first same goes with a racetrack. My neighbor actually built a supercross track in his back yard held races there for 5+ years but because he never had any new homeowners sign any agreement through the town they filed a suit and got him shut down. Others that have imposed those agreements on new homeowners are still running and operating at full capacity through the state. At minimum that agreement will save y’all’s asses on any complaints getting you shut down they can complain all they want but they won’t get anywhere with it. When they built and moved in they agreed to the area they moved into
Just got done emailing the board. I know it is a small part but I am more than happy to support you and your work. Let's keep your hard work alive and well for generations to come!
This is what happened to Moroso Hollywood Miami Speedway in Broward of I75 and pines , signed paperwork for the noise didn’t help. County greedy pockets prevailed. I will be there to support your efforts.
Fellow fans, this took me five minutes to write a personal email in defense of Bradenton Motorsports Park and the Freedom Factory. Advocacy matters. Take five minutes and support our sport, Cletus, and these two great facilities. Thank you
Daddy Diesel sent me
They want to build they should have to pay for anything they think will help. You where there first.
this is insane... crazy how stuff like this is just happening left and right this world needs to relax a little we all just need to slow down just a bit....
Send them an E-mail from the Netherlands.
7 individual emails sent to the commision members. Albeit from outside of the US, with my full required details though. Pointed out the positive image you give the US of A abroad. Hope it may be of any help.
Recently was told a story of a Publix distribution center being built on 300+ acres. Right beside the newly purchased property was a home and and a smaller piece of land owned by an older gentleman who had lived there for many years. I was told Publix tried to purchase the man’s property but he wouldn’t sell. There after his home was condemned and was said the gentleman took his life. Not sure if this is all true seeing that I did not know any of the people involved, but if true, it goes to show that large companies and government do what they want with no remorse.
Got you Cleet, emails sent!
If they build houses there. Just make as much noise every day for as long as possible and nobody will buy the houses there. I really can't understand that someone wants to convert the land into housing, right next to a race track and drag strip. Offer to buy the land if that's a possibility.
I’m going to help will be emailing here after a bit
Looks like an episode of Yellowstone
Good luck brother we live in a time where everything is getting cancelled and wish I could be there. Going the email route for you.
I have a better idea... Find out when they are going to try to sell the homes and make sure to have the loudest cars racing at the same time... Make sure that they know what they are getting into when buying the homes... They will either be extremely excited or turned completely off and look elsewhere... Imagine having a bunch of your fans live that close to the track!
Email submitted! Let’s do everything we can!
The issue is tax dollars. The revenue from housing is substantially higher than agricultural revenue. Speaking of the agricultural piece that also has a very high value. We are giving up far too much of our ag property in this country. I wish I could be there to oppose this as building those homes is surely a death sentence for both of the race tracks. This is really bad and I hope everyone turns out they can make it
They shutdown my home track of speed world in Arizona a few years ago and now they are closing firebird raceway which leaves us with tuson which is over 100 miles from me. I hope they leave you guys alone. Race tracks give kids a safe place to go and removing tracks gives people no place to go but the streets which is why we have a problem with street take overs. I'm guilty when they shutdown speed world I went street racing on my weekends when it all could've have been avoided by keeping my track open I would rather  pay 50 for a night of racing than the tickets I had to pay.
When a deal like this goes into play a politician is making millions.
Just emailed them. Good luck cleeter!
I’m oppose but my voice is not valid because i’m from the Netherlands. Good luck.
I'm a Florida ex pat and lived outside of Tampa.  There used to be a racetrack called Golden Gate Speedway that was shut down because of noise complaints from a trailer park that was put up with the help of the track owner. County commissioners said racing was a redneck sport and wasn't needed in Hillsborough County. So no matter what decision is made, eventually the county or state will be against you. They figure land taxes from homes bring in more money than revenue from a  racetrack.  Good luck and I wish you the best. By the way, I lived less than a half mile from the track and noise was never an issue for the people in our apartment complex.  Most of us were at the track .
Email and support has been sent!
Email sent, good luck
This happened in Kansas City where I am. Sorry brother, but this very bad news for you.
You got to be kidding me use idiots want to move close to a race track and a race track was there before your stupid homes. And then you want them to destroy the race track, get out of here and go move somewhere else
This just happened last year at et motor sports park in Arizona they closed
Email sent. Hopefully it helps.
If they want to develop they need to spend the money for the improvements.
Just sent them all my email along with a few things that they need to consider BEFORE they even make this decision.
Why tf should you need to put a fence when it’s been their for years wtf are wanting to shut down, that’s nutz but hey if tracks are shutting down guess the streets are going to be used for are personal use cuz that ruins everyone’s lifestyle n childhood. This track alone brings a shit ton of ppl. I hope they don’t make you do anything n they F off lol or they needa pay you full cost of what you payed due to this shit
Done and done!   Sadly I feel the alore of all that tax revenue will cloud the judgement of the board. I would not only fight like hell to prevent it, but also prepare for the inevitable if/when they approve it and talk of regulating the noise starts. There is over 50 years of standing use. Do NOT budge an inch. If you do they'll take a mile.
I race RC cars.  Closet houses are 1/2 mile away,  woods, huge hills in between and we have to be done at 10pm on Saturday night.  1 min later the cops come because people are calling.  This is a disaster,  you will get shut down.
sent in my email!
Email sent brother. We will all help in any way possible.
Insane. Exactly the same as people who bought house next to my sportsman's club. They were well informed they are next to a gun range but still sue us for noise. They loose every single time. Clubs been there for 80 years. Same should apply to your track. Don't like the noise don't buy the house. The track was there first
Damn, the killer of all race tracks is the developments of homes near them. With homes come sound complaints & laws changing.
Sorry to say but they already made up their minds! It happened here in ashville ohio!
DONE!!
This is stupid AF!!!   the tracks location was designated by the city to be on/at the outskirts in the 1960s for the noise pollution.  I hope it all goes in ur/our  favor and they realize how powerful and positive your presence  has been. Im in California and would like to know if an email from here matters to this cause??
What about buying small plots of land within the agricultural zone and don't sell to the developers..   not sure if that's a viable option.. just a thought..
Email sent. Good luck brother. I hope everyone shows up to help.
Keep the track keep the track
let this happen
😂
Save racing!!
I did it brotha!  I sent a very long email to them opposing this action and calling out revenue your track brings with the audience of multi millions of people almost daily and when you put on events, the ammount of people that travel to you and rent hotels, eat at restaurants, buy goods from stores, pay the tourists taxes, etc...   I made sure my name and address is on there.  We're here to fight with ya!!!  Long live the FF!
Simple I'll buy the house closest to the race track and others should as well and we wont bitch becuase we like the sound
Manatee county, do you still have manatees? Or have you demolished all their habitats
Not trying to be a pessimist but all they will see is land tax payments
Maybe if this country didn't devalue farmers so much that land would me more valuable producing food grown in the USA
Me, the wife, and my co workers sent in emails. Sadly we can’t make it in person.
How bout every subscriber makes a donation and we pool our money to buy the property and make it a private nature preserve/ park?
Keep pushing to save the tracks brother.
i emailed them
Welcome to florida
Everyone email them just copy and paste the whole board took me 3 minutes super easy I really want to go to a freedom factory event in thr future!
Put this on the main channel
I'm sick and tired of developers plopping houses down next to an established business that generates a lot of noise, (i.e.; race track, airport, etc) and then the bus people that move in bitch and moan about the noise.
Time for a million man March.  Or go electric and put baseball cards is the spokes.
I was so sad when we lost Atlanta Dragway. Loved seeing the NHRA cars there.
The freedom factory is in trouble all freedom writers assemble.
I just sent my objection over from up here in Michigan via my work email to every email listed, I may not be able to make it tomorrow but BMP is not only historical but it's a staple in our drag community, the developers can go build elsewhere.
Same thing happening to Bandemire in Denver Colorado I think.
Seen several of my local tracks close due to this same thing. You got my email brother, good luck.
wow these developers really hate freedom. can't stand non car people. effing jerks
The board is probably getting kickbacks from the developers. Good luck
I hope thousands of people show up in person that would be huge!! Garrett does so much for his people and I'm happy to see a racetrack actually getting more and more popular with time. We gotta show up, email and sell out these events at bradenton and the freedom factory!
Your channel and race track with the things you do have an impact all around the world. You give young people a chance to do it right with your track. In the right place.
You have to have a semicolon ( ; ) between each email address, not a comma.  It may auto correct and send anyway, I don't know. But I would hate for this effort to be hampered by a typo. Wish I could attend. Email sent.
Unfortunately there are some people in the world who wants to kill freedom for everybody. One way to kill freedom is to ban combustion engines as they are trying to do. I believe with your huge fan base you might be able to avoid this. I live in Germany and I have seen the same thing in Berlin with clubs. Clubs that were in operation for decades. Selling homes/flats right in the neighbourhood of those clubs. People then complained about the loud music and several clubs had to close because they could not afford those absurd regulations for sound dampening.
You're absolutely right.  This happens when people move in next to an air force base and then complain about the noise!  They signed a paper that said they are in the flight plan, but then they get support that the base is too loud and try to shut it down.  Same thing with moving in near railroad tracks.
RIP america 😂
Don’t worry they will shut it down and push more racers to the streets all for tax dollars.
Buys home next to racetrack, complains about race track, uses their time and money to pay off politicians to close race track.
I live in lakewood national, about as close as it can get. I love the freedom factory ive heard it a few times but i freeakin love it, homes that close will tear that place down with complaints
Developers have more money to give to politicians  than you do so you lose. Welcome to life this is how it works.
They can have their electric cars but they can’t have our tracks!!!!
Bro im moving to Parrish in the next few months. I gotta get to an event there. Lets save this track!!
Pretty sure your county has proven they don't care about urban sprawl, over crowding, traffic issues, etc. They seem to care about $$$ hitting their pockets.  I wish you the best of luck
You need to put this on the main channel, needs more attention
The same thing is happening in Dayton, Ohio.  They are putting up subdivisions left and right around Kil-kare Raceway.  Fingers crossed neither track suffers a demise due to ag land being converted.
Sorry brother!
Email sent.
Cleetus please get a lawyer
I hope you win cleatus but they're probably going to go for the property being developed because of the tax revenue they're going to make off of that property owners I hope all the wish I wish you the best luck buddy
It's the same here in Milwaukee with Motocross I used to have areas where I could ride dirt bikes when I was younger and now because of new neighborhoods popping up in more people complaining those same pieces of land that I used to ride on are now called wetland reserves and you get a huge ticket for being on them
Sent in my email! Hoping this does not get passed...Love the content Cleeter!
Stand with the race tracks
The home builders only want to build there because you have done such a good job at the FF with bringing people there.
well said cleeter
Wonder if you could buy the developing land near the track
I live in Saudi Arabia and im dead serious to stand next to you at the freedom factory tell i die.
I gotchu man. You have my full support.
Great presentation man, another good point would be is that if there is no place to race legally, people will do it on the streets illegally.
E-mailed all seven of them, hope this helps. I go to BMP all the time
Sent that email bro!
with you're opposition you need to include money, how much money generated for the state, how much money of forecasted growth over a period of time, the amount of employment. the average amount of tourism and how much that helps all local business. these people only care about money so you have to find every penny the track generates and push it in their face.
I just emailed them, much support from P.R.
I went to the same b******* with my old home I had two and a half acres in the backyard and I had a little track for me and my kid drive a gold cart and dirt bikes and just big enough for one car you know and of course new neighbors moved in and then all the sudden I had to change everything I had to stop activities that I would usually did in my backyard because the new neighbors came in and started complaining about the noise and the dust ...If you didn't like it before you shouldn't have moved into the neighborhood.
I can hear the local race track and it's 5-10 miles away. It's outside of town and I live at the other end of the town from the track. It's just not loud enough to bother me in my house.
Look at Bandimere dragway in Colorado,you can hear it from Red Rocks!
Mr. Cleetus, we need some sort of format posted on how we should put our name and address for it to look better on our end I'm somewhat smart and trying to make it look "professional" doesn't click so if you could post a screenshot of how it should look on our end that would be great.
He's gonna lose the track. They need new homes for all the Californians.. This reminds me of all the idiots that move next to an airport then complain about noise
They don't have any of this at San Bernardino Orange show race track and there's like 10,000 homes plus businesses surrounding the track 🤔🤔
I personally don't know your Financials but I genuinely think that you and Victor should try to split it and buy the land, my grandpa used to race at u.s. 30 raceway and it got shut down for this same reason and it makes me very sad to hear about ff and Bmp
Cleetus looking like Mr Beast out here
email sent hopefully when they get about a million emails and or phone call it will make them reconsider. a group of about 2500 people just saved the local elementary school near my house from being closed and transferring all the students to another school in the district about 25 minutes away . just goes to show the power and support of people.
It's the same thing that happens to airports...
does my email count? I ain't even from the states.
Just emailed everyone of them!
Where I live, in the Iowa country side, city people build houses out in the country near farms that raise animals. Obviously there is animal odors that occur. These people file complaints against the farms, which in many cases have been at the same location for over 100 years, with the same family. When mistakes like this are made, people must be made aware and NOT be able to file complaints, if they are knowingly moving into an area with existing businesses or in my case farmsteads! The business should not be forced out because of willful ignorance!!!!
Is this really about just stopping the housing project? Just not adding up
It happened in Salt Lake and now we have no drag strips in utah
If they can build homes next to airports which are far louder, it is idiotic that race tracks are even an issue.
We are here for you!!
I would hit up every single YouTuber in the car community who has used your track. Boosted boyz VGG KSR all of them.
1. Create a hole in the ground to make roads or clear cut land for homes or BOTH. 2. charge off-roaders for years to drive on it. 3. use the funds to rehabilitate the destroyed land. 4. ignorant tree huggers say the Jeeps are destroying the forests and kick us out. Ya, We deal with this as well. Good luck and God Bless.
Emailed them to show support for the track and to also cover the dangers of street racing if this is approved as the track will eventually face closer and no one has a place to race safely in a controlled environment so the racing will eventually take to the streets. I also covered some financial obligations you have most likely made for this track and what its projected cost would be to rebuild a new track elsewhere. I do not know the florida laws but here in Ms and La it would put some or all of the financial obligations on the county through the courts basically buying you out and donating you land elsewhere to rebuild. I know this isn't the most ideal route we would like but do not go down without a fight and get yourself a pitbull for a lawyer to handle this for you.   I am sick of seeing businesses pushed out and affordable homes destroyed to build these dumb expensive neighborhoods not to mention landowners selling farmland to developers to build these expensive neighborhoods. It would be great to have a wealthy subscriber buy that land next to the track to secure the tracks future.
email sent to all board members!
I sent your video to the guys at Drag Illustrated as they are putting on the World Series of Promod at Bradenton early next year.
If you are on mobile like myself and cannot copy the email addresses, open up this youtube page in your browser and you can copy it that way!  Upvote for visibility so more people see this!
Take Mullet and Ruby, when you get up to speak have them put on 2 step outside. Problem solved.
That sounds like they shouldn’t complain if they wanna develop near a race track. Sounds like a bunch of greedy money hungry corporate suits planning to not even sell the homes. Probably gonna build them, and rent them out.
You got it brother. I Sent the email, I hope it helps out. 🤙
as much as i completly agree with you and think they should not be allowed to do this, most government officals dont give 2 shits about your race track.
We’re losing our race track here in Phoenix, wild horse pass. I hope you can save your track man
Many gun ranges in my country get closed or really restricted due to people building summer cottages close to the range and then complaining about the noise.
I’ll do what ever I can. My hometown is developing like crazy. It makes me quite angry. All of the land is being developed. Good for the taxes and not much else.
done
Sent my email 💪🏼
In belguim its the same , people buy sheep ground next to a airport and then start to be a karen about the noise 😡
People build houses next to racetracks because the land is cheap, then complain to the city about the noise. They know when they move in there's a racetrack there. It's happened many times. Sound mitigation won't work. Tracks bring a huge amount of business to communities, they keep racing off city streets, and don't cause any harm. If the county approves this they have no idea what they're doing.  Edit: Sent an email, I'm Canadian but I've visited Florida 10 of the past 12 ish years. Spent a bit of time as a tourist in Manatee County. Hopefully they consider that aspect as well.
Email sent!
I have had two indoor gun ranges (that I used) close due to urban sprawl.  New neighbors complaining was the only cause as these ranges were the type where you had wait an hour for a lane
I think some people will move to that new neighborhood because it’s next to the race track !!
Developers are disgusting and this whole plan they have is even worse. Something that has been a staple to the community that has been brought back to life is now going to be closed because some hoa sickos want to build homes which will force the closing of the track based on noise complaints. But I hope someone with power over florida smacks down on this development because its sickening they're trying to destroy history and economic prominence to the area.
They did the exact same thing in Pomona ca. the wall from the drag strip was someone’s backyard so they moved the track across the property and they built more houses on that side. These are the same people that move near an airport and complain about jets.
Good luck 🤞
This is like Yellowstone
Emails sent Cleetus, Hope things work out for ya man. I live near sunshine and seeing what has happened to that place makes me wanna jump in and help out with your place and the drag strip. Good luck!
5:06 and for those Reasons I'm out
Electric cars
Kennedale raceway in kennedale tx. A historic drag strip that stood since the late 1950’s. Was my high school hang out spot all through the 90’s and after until it’s closing in the 2010’s. EXACT SAME SITUATION. They built a neighborhood on the the land surrounding the track. So people bought a house next to a drag strip, and then started complaining about drag strip noises.    Wasn’t to long after that they shut the gates for good. So heart breaking. Don’t let that happen to you. It’s such a tragedy. My time at that fantastic drag strip taught me everything I know about life in the real world. And now it’s gone. SAVE THESE FACILITIES OF HIGHER EDUCATION FOR FUTURE GENERATIONS!!!!!!
Email sent! ✊🏻 I stand with Cleeter.
It would be nice if you could find any former track owners that have dealt with this issue and lost. Maybe their testimony/statements would help provide a bigger impact on the county's decision.
looks like cleetus is about to buy some farm land to make sure this doesn't go forward
Cleet, bring numbers. how many people are at the events. talk to hotels and restaurants about the number of occupants during the weeks with the events.  you have to bring the numbers and tie it to $$$ for the community.
We going to support brother see you out here much love 6 year sub
God I hate government!!!
Emails sent. Good luck!
Imagine all the Karen's and Ken living next to the race track. Smfh. It will be the death of the racetrack.
You sure are in trouble :/ Living in Sweden and can´t really do anything but support you from here. I´ll try do some mailing. Good luck Gareth!
Pomona raceway in California is right next to houses and they are still open
BUY THE LAND ALL AROUND YOU MAKE A MUD PARK
Done.
That's bull shit, nobody should ever be able to say we are developing , your track got to go..  screw them
I'm 12 miles from the track and I can hear it😂
SENT!
Sorry man I don’t believe you should be able to tell other what to do with their property.  That goes both ways.  If you don’t like it buy it.  Government telling people they can’t do what they want with what they own is not the way to go.
4500 new tax payers. you are done. sad
This is horse shit I hope it works out
WE NEED EVERY SINGLE MAN WOMAN & CHILD WHO LIVES & BREATHES GASOLINE, BURNOUTS, FREEDOM & AMERICA BRING YOUR CARS RACE TRAILERS MOTORBIKES LINE THE STREETS PARK UP HAVE FUN & SHOW OUR LOVE & SUPPORT FOR CLEETUS AND THE AMERICAN DREAM…..    WE CAN MAKE AN EVENT OUT OF IT MAKE THIS GO VIRAL & GOD BLESS AMERICA!!! 💯🖤🇺🇸🫡🦅
I love you guys no matter what
Don’t give in.. you give them an inch they’ll take a mile... hope you start to realize how we are not free in this country.. I love your American spirit but at some point we must start being honest with ourself. This is the land of the Fee and home of the Slave. Wake up.
Shhizzz I'm in Massachusetts
Email Sent
You need to find a rare bird on the land and fight for a wild life reserve ... maybe a ecological study on the land
I think that you would have to be a Florida resident to make your voice be heard.
Not only that but also you are bringing people in to do something legally. If they wanted to cut down on street racing and everything else in the county, the Freedom Factory is a great way to do so. People will know what they’re getting into possibly then when the time comes and it’s racing season and they hear how late you can run for, how many runs you do even if your with your team, events, all of that. They will complain.
Email sent.
Let's say this. If the race track before the houses where build. You have no rights the complain. The same shit over and over in the Netherlands. the railway track was before there where houses but people need to life too understand that they are building new houses close to the railroads and people moving in and complaining about the railroads... They are fucking stupid you know you are moving in next to the railroads, i hate those people you have no rights to complain. Dutch people are a complaining culture that is sick, i think live and let live. I life next to a school and yeah there is alot of noise, Do i complain hell no  i have better things to do,   Good luck clete!!!!
Always people with tons of money taking shit away from people, so they can make even more money...
Spread the word 🙏
Garrett I'm w you brother if there's anything something I can sign something I'm w you brother get them out or sell homes to drag racers
Excellent job removing your emotions and bringing up facts to support the case. I really hope this goes in your favor!
3 homes per acre? Sounds like they're just gonna cram as many houses as they can on that land just to make money.
This happened here in Canada where the Autodrome St-Eustache was forced to sell from all the restrictions the city was imposing. They allowed for home building closer and closer until the amount of complaints forced the city to act. City greed with taxes is the game.
It is so ridiculous, absolutely ridiculous, that someone can just build a neighborhood next to an existing business and cause that business to get shut down. Go build somewhere else. WTF.
Sitting here at home in Wales and wishing I could be there tomorrow. This crap has happened far too often here in the UK, it makes me so mad. Sincerely hope the plans can be scrapped and the FF and BMP can keep bringing folk to Manatee County for years to come. Do It For Dale Brother.
Ya know Cleet, maybe you're looking at this all wrong. I propose we all pool together and  move into these new homes. The whole of Bunker Branding first, as well the rest of your YouTubers collection of respectable people, and then all of us loyal followers all move in and make a community of 5400 homes full of car enthusiasts. Obviously I'm kidding, I wouldn't expect any of this to happen like that, but it is a nice thought to dream about imo
Email sent!!!
sent email, hopefully you get the whistlin diesel type response in person!
buy the land hahahaha
This needs to be on the main channel. You need the large audience to send emails, letters, and show up in person.
Who ever would buy a home next to a race track deserves to listen awesome cars
Buy the land and expand the race scene. Lol.
I think you have a decent chance of fighting this Cleeter, but you’re gonna need someone who specializes in zoning changes to help. Your argument needs more structure and factual evidence as to what the track can do for the economy
The classic blows in, blows off and blows out scenario. The developer buys some ground, pays to get the rules changed, harvests the profit, moves on and leaves the local government to pick up the pieces. This has a familiar ring to it, often involving the closure of airports. In some instances, a developer's long game is to get the airport land, develop it and harvest even more profit.
The government is always trying to fk you over they just see bunch of ppl having fun your making tons of money and I'm sure they feel it's not enough for the state Florida attacks the homeless the ppl who help the homeless attacking a man that opens a track for ppl to race there and not on the streets
Cities do stupid things like this and then wonder why people start street racing and doing street takeovers and stupid things like that..... please talk with Bandimere in Denver Colorado and see if they can help you with this legal battle. I know that drag strip has had similar problems. shooting my emails over to oppose this BS.
I lived in bithlo and Christmas florida, stayed next to orlando speedworld and orlando mx park. I currently live in daytona beach about 2 miles from daytona speedway. I love the noise and always will. Hopfully these plans dont follow through  but if they do i know where ill be moving next.
From Brenham, TX.  Email sent.
show support !!! SAVE the RACE track !!! SAVE THE FREEDOM FACTORY
Uhh that's their problem? If the race track is already there and has been there they can't all sudden be like oh you can't do that anymore... if they think noise is a problem build a sound wall like they do for highways or don't build there at all!
just emailed every last one of those sorry bastards
email sent-   HI, My name is_________and I live at ___________________________________.While I am not a resident of your county, I , and my friends, are die hard fans of the racing tracks that you have within your jurisdiction.  I write this letter because I have felt the same situation happens time and time again and we expect a different result- but the result is always the same. Road Atlanta used to be 200 acres away from any neighboring residence and year after year that gap closes and the hours of use are restricted.  While the full financial understanding of the track may not be clearly visible, given it is only coming up on plane,  there is more velocity behind your tracks than the entire sport of NASCAR has been able to muster in the last 10 years! What you have is a treasure that will definitely grow and yield strong financial results for your businesses and communities. I ask that you reject the rezoning appeal as the short term benefits of added homes will not be able to compete with the community benefits of what exists within your borders! Sincerely        ~_______________________
Wow you killed that presentation
You know they all have gotten there pockets lined with this deal.
Man it’s sad we love our race tracks and it seems like every year one goes down cause of this reason
Emailed in support!!!
Governor Ron Desantis needs to give you a Reedy Creek deal that Disney "used to have".  Praying for protection of the Freedom Factory complex. Motorsports need to be preserved and protected.
Completely ridiculous how all of these companies are trying to shut down all of these race tracks just to build more unnecessary houses
Losing battle bud. Behind you a 100%, but this is, as you said, the blueprint for the death of racetracks.
This is like what happened/is happening to Laguna Seca out in California.  Yeah the track is still open, because it is such a famous and historic track but they have an engine noise limit and you get booted out if you exceed it.  Crazy.
Man everyone has to do this!
Good luck with this mate. Those developers know FULL WELL that their measures to keep the sound\noise down are BS and they're counting on getting this pushed through as then it's 4500 home owners against you and BMP down the road. They're doing this all the time here in the UK now with big cities throwing up poorly thought out developments in areas where there's entertainment (bars, clubs, gig venues etc) and then the moment the places are occupied, pow. Loads of noise complaints. And more often than not, the businesses shut down either because they're forced to or can't afford to fight it. It kills the culture and vibrancy of places and all for flat out profit. Nothing more. I hope the guys in Manatee county see sense here!
This is exactly what happened to Bridgehampton raceway, it’s now a golf course… BUT the back straight and last turn is still there. Of course every once in a while I’d rip my ‘06 GTO down the straight while people were playing golf… 😂 Just to give them the finger. Always a great time watching everyone stop what they’re doing and drop their jaws. RACING IS IN THE SOUL.
I wouldn’t be surprised if they have money being put in their pockets to approve this. This pisses me off!
Have a big charity race and donate the money to the county for police, schools whatever. All they care about is kick backs
Let's just build a dome and throw some air conditioning in there then call it a day.
Here locally we had a major race track called firebird raceway, even they knew what were they moving next to, but with enough complaining, the strip closed. They can say that won’t happen with a 25 ft wall, but it will. Your race track closes there will be an increase in street racing and “take overs” because of this. But also unfortunately they will approve it anyways because peoples pockets run deep. I sent my email and I wish you luck my friend.
So ridiculous how many times this exact thing has happened and how many tracks, gun ranges, etc. have been shut down after such developments are built. Makes no sense
I've always wanted to make a community around a race track, allowing access to track directly from the community.. now i've always wanted to have it around a road race track, but plenty of people would have fun with a drag/round e round track.. maybe try to steer into the skid, name the streets after ractracks, and try to find a way that incorporates the new community
I helped preserve a piece of natural habitat and indigenous scrub in pinellas county. The zoning guy in the comments has a point regarding environmental encroachment.
I could hear the our local drag strip from 2 miles away. If you decide to live next to a track you gotta deal with the noise... but like many other tracks, it has since been torn down and is now a storage unit... sad to see. Miss hearing the cars racing.
Exact reason why my home track Englishtown Raceway closed in NJ. Good luck,i really hope this doesnt happen.
My family had a cabin 5-7 miles from Tyler county Motor Speedway. We could hear the races from there.
Emails sent bro
I wish everyone thats raced there would reach out to there followers as well and atleast gets emails sent out if hundreds of thousands respond to this i think we can help the freedom factory
So people that are building homes have more rights than someone that has had property prior to them? If people have issues with noise maybe shouldn't build houses near a race track common sense.
Emails sent!
They’ll probably try to implement a muffler policy for all cars on the track too. They will build the properties and they will complain.
Email sent!
Racers from all around the country debate moving to Florida just to be near these thriving tracks. Please don't let them die. 🙏
Put up big signs facing the building lots which warn potential buyers of the noise issues. Fewer people would buy, and those that do would have a difficult time complaining.   What sort of zoning district are you in now? Is your track allowed as of right?
Hello Cleetus, I'm from Michigan and I still get angry about things like this. They did it here in Michigan years ago with the old Motor City Dragway,  the Detroit Dragway, & now they're trying it with the much improved (Tons O money) Lapeer Dragway where developers bring the promise of more tax revenue to greedy City Commisinors, etc. and move people nearer to racing facilities and like  you said then people complain about Noise from a facility that was there FIRST !
It may have already been said but can you purchase the land?
Sounds like Tye should be working on a fleet of Killdozers soon.... Killdozer 500 sounds like a fun race.
If it goes through man you just gotta buy a good amount of the houses LOL
Done! Have been a lifelong resident of Tampa Bay and to see how you have reinvented the Bradenton Motorsports park being new life to it is a true inspiration. Hoping for the best here!
What a joke we had a home town race track and motorcross track  that got shut down and now there’s 2000 low income house that we two feet apart fuck the government
They did this to sacramento raceway.. it’s in the middle of nowhere and they decided to put houses next to it. The people who bought these houses now complain to the county saying the cars are too loud..
I live in Sweden does sending the email do anything or does it not count because i live outside of the us?
Just sent off a long email to all the reps you had listed. Hopefully this application gets denied, long live The Freedom Factory!
Good Luck Guys. Do it for Dale!
My best friend and I flew in from Chicago on December 10th for the Spectator Drag Championship. We stayed the weekend in a Bradenton Airbnb while eating, drinking, and shopping locally. This was our first time, and it will not be our last.   While PA-21-09/Ordinance may make a few people rich in the short term, I suspect the economic damage will be a long-term burn. As the upward trajectory of the Freedom Factory continues, it would be a disservice to the community to begin the process of dismantling two facilities that make Bradenton internationally recognized and frequented.
Hell yeah brother! Just sent my emails in! Comin’ in hot from the motor city! Lets get these builders outta there! 25’ fence is laughable. What’s that gonna stop? People from climbing the fence?! Sure as hell won’t stop a 1k horsepower car 🤣🤣 wish I could be there! You’ll beat this! There’s millions of us!!
What am I suppose to email them?
I did my part and sent an email just a few minutes ago! Being in Minnesota, I only get a good six months to go racing. I've never been to Bradenton or the Freedom Factory, but I know what drag racing means to me, and I'd be heartbroken to lose the track I race at. I always try to support tracks and, more importantly, the people involved with these tracks. They're the ones who put their livelihood into these places for the rest of us to have a safe environment to do what we love. For that reason alone is enough to give them unconditional support.
America have a strange way of fucking with Americans the same Americans that yell's how much they love America until uncle Sam comes to take what's his
I say we fill those homes with cleeter fans
Just sent over my opposition letter, good luck with the fight!!
I don’t see a race track stopping progress.. it comes down to Money and Power and who you have in your pocket. Good luck on your fight. I’m for the race track staying 👍  again who puts money in who’s pockets
This isn’t Right….
Done buddy
That Karen in the background looked like she was 3 sec from needing to speak to a manager
Haha they are a few years too late
All you need to do is out$$$ those smucks who trying convert ag land into apartment. Be sure these developer have paid huge $$$ that they would get positive response
You need to do a on line petition so you can get millions of signatures . Jason in the UK 🇬🇧 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿
This is bullshit why would they not make the wall go up on new construction site
DONE..... sent all of them an OPPOSED vote
Whistling diesel needs to help a brother out. We all love cars and doing stupid shit in cars… the hardest part is finding a safe and legal place to partake. Racetracks are those places
Garret you have one of the biggest most historical names in racing in your area Big Daddy Don Garlits please go get him and ask him for help. I would also suggest you bring the evidence as in photos do not expect them to look at anything unless you put it in their lap. 1 more thing you know Alex Bowman see if he will put you in contact with JR motorsports JR is huge into saving small tracks it don't hurt to ask even if he will give a written statement to submit
I live in IA so I don't think I'll be making it out Thursday but I love the FF, email sent.
Fight the good fight  Cletus,  we are a,lll pulling for you...
Great presentation. I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, which has had this exact scenario happen over and over... even forced travel on my fathers racing business..
Good luck a race track near me one of 2 full-size in my state in Australia just closed due to a sound complaint from one person in a rural area. They had restrictions put in place that would make it an unviable business to run only being able to open and run events including driver ed for 4 days a month. It is now permanently closed.
Cleet buy the land
I got you garret! This channel has been such a great thing and has helped me through so much the past couple years and I’ll do anything I can to help you out and see that u get what u need from this! Everyone respect garret and make sure your emails are respectful and helps give him and the tracks the respect and attention they deserve!!!! I love you guys! Keep your heads up! There too many of us to be ignored so every one please email them and let’s see if we can get this turned around🙏🏻
can we all sign or somthing to stop it?? or donate  to buy the land???
You loose the fight! BUT how many subs and YOuTubers can buy a home? Two things will happen. One you will create the most insane car based community in the world or word will get out WHIStlendiesel purchased a couple homes and the investor will loose everything..
100% agree with you !!! why would they want to put houses around race tracks they are killing a sport ! and all the tracks, then they wonder why people street race
@CleetusM I can't make it down there, but I did send e-mails to all of them.  I would contact the owners of Sebring Raceway.  If I recall, they had the same issue but were able get around all of the complaints.  They might be able to help you in this.  Good luck to you, you will make it through this.
Only 5k signatures??? We are better than this!!!!!!
Racers should buy up edge houses
Lawyer Cleet get ‘em
Leaving this comment here to increase engagement and help this video to reach more people.
If the worst happens you will at least have grounds to sue if you get closed, just get enough to build a better racetrack (5million or so)
You need to change your approach to this. Do not come out against this project but be supportive of it with added conditions. Such as a requirement to disclose to future property owners the high noise levels that will occur 7 days a week. As a Director of Planning and Zoning in a fast growing town in North Carolina I can directly tell you that your odds of stopping this is impossible. Another thing you need to do is to ask the commission to update the Land use plan to include a high level noise area around the Motorsports park complex. Ask for things that will help to protect you from noise complaints and to protect the long term future of the Motorsports Complex.
lets just crowd fund the purchase...I'd be interested in another place in florida
You got it brother
put homes next to a racetrack, absolute genious idea jesus fkn christ....
As much as I hate to say it the state doesn’t care about fans of racing and the money it brings in because 4500 homes and the people that bring in will greatly outweigh what the track does for the county and state…
Email sent to all board members listed. Sadly, here in Summerville, SC we went thru something very similar, but ultimately lost to developers and their layers. Let's not let this happen again.
I  live in Ohio.  But I also rent a home in Florida..
Sad, as though it fell on deaf ears.  I would consider getting legal representation as you may need to threaten lawsuit(s).  This may be the only way to stop or ensure updated planning; key is requiring them for better noise abatement....
Just emailed, we are behind you on this.
Great presentation. Very professional
Time to pull out those lawyer skills and make a good case.  Sounds like you’re making your voice heard.
im ready to donate to your legal fund to sue the commission
It’s so funny they pack as many homes in as possible, people move in knowing they’re living next to a race track, and then they will complain about the race track even though they chose the house
My grandma lives right next to a dirt track, every Friday night you can sit on the front patio and listen to them as is you were right in the stands, new residents complained and now they had to adjust their hours of operation, it moves fast, hopefully this works out for you guys!!!!
Shiit I'll be there bud. I'm in pinellas county. Surprised showtime aint shutdown 😬. I come to almost all the events I'll be piiisssed if this cone to an end
Not sure if this has been said, but the proposed development is within the Lake Manatee watershed and should have a negative impact on runoff and resulting lake water quality. I'm surprised that this proposal is even a consideration given the previous efforts to preserve natural watershed habitat to protect Lake Manateee. Harmful algal blooms are no joke, and this is especially important since Lake Manatee is a principle drinking water source.
Done
We are here to help in what we can Cleet!
This is something I'm scared of constantly. Not a drag guy but the occasions I want to get involved in it have dwindled since my semi local track has been lost. Palm Beach raceway. Bradenton is one of the closer ones for me now. These people just keep cramming housing in places they wish they didn't. They get mad. Look at laguna Seca. They have sound restrictions. Florida is growing and I'm worried eventually this shits gonna ruin our hobby
The bottom line is the developers have more money than you to buy the politicians off!
Man, this happened to Capital Raceway, Md. Houses built right up against the track. Then the owners complained about the noise. Track closed for 4 years. Luckily, Hurricane Racing Tours revived the track and did this exact thing at the county meetings to extend the noise curfew. I will put my name in. Hope we are successful brother.
With the amount of money to be made by developers they are deff building those homes
Lost atlanta dragway for this very reason. Racetracks are quickly dying everywhere all over the country and it's very sad to see.
If they will move the racetrack with zero dollars out of pocket, with tittles and everything why not. Other than that then i opposed.
Emails sent from Michigan!  💪
Email sent!
Just sent an email, if anyone wants a little template to cut and paste here you go..............Dear Sir or Madam, my name is (YOUR NAME) and I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048. As a 39 yr old father of 3 young kids I have been involved in motorsports for over 20 years and my children have also started to take a liking to my passion. The racing culture and these small rural or local tracks are where those passions truly begin whether it be drag strips, circle tracks, or dirt tracks. One of the worries with our younger generation is that they will have too much screen time and not enough hobbies that are hands-on and with most racetracks across the country shutting down for one reason or another this may become true. But your county is lucky enough to have a true enthusiast building something great locally for families and really people of all ages to enjoy. Itis your responsibility to make sensible decisions when it comes to planning and the choice to approve a development in this area may be great for tax revenue, but at what cost to a business owner who has basically sunk his life into reviving a racetrack that was left for dead? What kind of legal guarantee can be given that the development will not pressure the future county representatives to shut it down or restrict its operation? Lastly, these racetracks are used to provide joy on pretty much a daily basis to people of all ages around the world, this isn't just a local decision being made. 20+ MILLION people have viewed content from these tracks over the last 30 days. Kids and adults enjoying autosports to escape the stresses of everyday life. Please consider the future implications of your decision.  Thanks for your time,
We just need atleast half the views of this video to show up
Can you put the emails, application number and request number in a copy and paste friendly format for mobile devices? The easier we make this the more response you will get.
Emailed.
If we don’t save our tracks, the street take overs will unfortunately persist.
Englishtown Raceway had the same problem one of the most famous drag racing tracks in the country. Curfew and noise complaints during NHRA nationals destroyed the track.
The dude that sold you the land - laughing to the bank.  Sorry Garrett. It was a good run. 😢
There is NO kind of sound abatement that will completely contain the sound of a racetrack in relation to a housing development that close.   No matter if people KNOW they're moving next to a racetrack, they WILL complain about the noise, even if ithe sound  doesn't bother them, if they get the track shut down their house values rise.  They WILL complain, you NEED to do everything you can to prevent this development happening.  We had a VERY famous motorsport commentator here in the UK, I'm talking world famous.  He moved next to a racetrack.  He complained about the track.    People are selfish arseholes.
email sent!
Won’t be able to show up but just sent the emails I hope this gets settled fast
Whether it is race tracks, off-road parks, or amphitheaters when you shut down these places for people to gather safely, Dangerous Illegal activities pop up much more frequently, and for what? So a few land developers (and politicians) can get richer while at the same time cramming more people into smaller areas? 🤔 I sent a much nicer version of this information to those concerned in hopes of saving our 🦅Great Freedom Factor & Drag Strip.🦅 DO IT FOR DALE & YOURSELVES 🤙🏼🤘🏼✌🏼
@CleetusM you should attend with mullet and a decibel meter. Ask attendees during your speech if they hang out for a moment after the meeting for a live demonstration of how loud a single race car can be. Give her an ol' two-step check. Afterward, explain to the attendees, that, "now multiply that by X number of cars. A 25ft wall won't help." Many don't understand how loud a racecar is until you're standing 50 ft from it. That'll really drive the point home and give pause to sound abatement.
Sorry to hear it.... I guessing you have about 5-7 years left.... Developers have more money than you, more time than you, and contribute more money to relelection than you.    Either buy the land, or move the track.... there is no winning, only going broke fighting, that's how "they" win..... Ironic, it's similar to drag racing.
im not 100% sure can i even do anything to provent this due to me living in Finland i would really want to support this and i would never wanna see your race tracks closed due to this! Much support and love from Finland y'all are amazing Hell yeah brother!  I OPPOSE !
❤❤❤
This is sad.  Sorry to hear you're facing this, Garrett.  I'd show up for you, but I'm self employed and have my own grind going on to keep a roof over my head.  Best of luck finding a solution to prevent this from happening!!
our governments are beyond tyrannical.
Best of luck on this fight. This comes down to money. No matter what economic benefit the race tracks provides to the community, the property taxes a new development would bring is significantly more. It's the fundamental problem with most land-use boards: they serve the interest of the county not the community.
Should mention that tracks should be preserved as technology is set to shift to more silent electric cars within the next few decades..
It’s a damn shame by the time I have kids and they’re grown their won’t be any farmland/countryside left bc of one persons greed. The 300 acre farm across from where we grew up riding dirt bikes, farming etc was sold last month.. gonna build 144 houses right across the dam road. I hope you all stop them tho, it’s sad how stuff like this is happening
Done Email sent
I have sent an e-mail. Unfortunately..... By the time the public gets to hear about such an application, there have been back-channel meetings and pre-greasers often lubricate the path ahead of time. The chances that this will be stopped are next to 0%. The county would see a massive benefit from 4700+ residents and these future residents are permanent everyday money makers. Your best chances are to legally protect yourself from what's coming. But I will help with anything I can give. I want to see you succeed for many many more years.
How about all subscribers get a discount on the homes closest to the track, I’ll buy one immediately
email sent!!!
if they put homes near a race track n ppl move in it is 100% on them they cant make you do anything
My email has been sent! Hopefully they will get the message!
I watched the same thing happen to my home town track about 17 years ago. South Eastern Drag Way in Dallas Georgia. The road it was on was called drag strip rd and they started building houses and changed the name to East Paulding  and I new that was the beginning  to the end of a track that had been there for 50+ years and I was right. I love coming down to Bradenton and hope Y'all can stop this from happening to those beloved tracks.
Happens all the time. 3 tracks killed in Colorado in the 90s-00s
Email sent, best of luck to you Cleet.
They’ve done it with Bandimere and Red rocks. Everyone moves and then complains. Absolutely ridiculous
I know you have to live up to the Cleetus persona, but I think Law School Garrett needs to show up to those meetings dressed as such.  These old folks on the board take themselves too seriously and sometimes you have to appease.  I had a similar issue with over-dressed board members while getting something passed through a historical council in my town 🤣.
EVERYONE GO HELP CLEETUS AND CREW!!! . If anything....  Tell developers 10 million dollars MINIMUM and U think about selling/moving or else you cause problems for them to build.  Then open a brand new track somewhere else.
Smh...
It’s not gonna matter soon cause they’re banning all racetracks due to pollution. In crapanada they are putting a carbon tax on every person that visits the race tracks.
This is exactly what happened to the largest Oval track in the UK, Rockingham raceway.  They put houses next to a racetrack that was situated within an industrial zone, the new homeowners complained about the noise (despite having noise barriers), local councils put restrictions of the track, then it closed as it could not operate profitably within those restrictions, its now an abandoned structure.
We deal with the same problems in flying communities. We live on an airstrip. Used to be 25 miles from the city. Now have 10,000 homes and a school planned touching our airport property.
Done.  Now what we need is some "save the track" merch!
Can we oppose the application if not a US resident and it actually matter?
urban sprawl, it kills small business and farms. in Pensacola FL, they put a cemetery next to 5 flags race way
Let's not forget Garrett also went to school to be a lawyer. He is the best to spearhead this! Lets go Cleet!!!
the county commissioners are probably on the take.
There’s a way out…..buy all the land! Wish it was that easy hoping for the best outcome cheers
Fingers crossed for you cleetus and team
Email Sent. Good Luck Brother.  Dear [Planning Commission],  I am writing to express my opposition to Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048. I believe that this amendment would be detrimental to the community and would like to maintain The Freedom Factory Motor Park.  I am opposed to this amendment for the following reasons:  The Freedom Factory Motor Park is a valuable asset to the community and provides valuable services and amenities. The proposed amendment would negatively impact the businesses and individuals who rely on The Freedom Factory Motor Park. The amendment does not adequately consider the potential consequences of removing The Freedom Factory Motor Park. I urge the Planning Commission to reject this amendment and preserve The Freedom Factory Motor Park for the benefit of the community.  Sincerely, [Your Name]
Buy the land!
I haven't been here since the beginning, but pretty close, I remember watching Leroy get supercharged.  With all the jokes and sarcasm on this channel (think Florida Man, Tuning Giraffe, etc.)  I gotta say what you said to the county commissioners was thoughtful, eloquent, and to the point across.  That being said, even with your Youtube clout, I don't think you're up for a fight against a development firm.  I don't know if it's possible or not to purchase the homes closest to the track because like you said, a 25' sound wall isn't gonna cut it.
This is how my beloved shooting range died... same story, it had been there since 1973
Fuck Florida build a track in another state
I really hope it doesn’t go through brother.  But the people on those boards don’t care about race tracks. They care about money.  Homes and taxes bring in more cash unfortunately.  Like I say , I really hope it doesn’t happen .
Time to start racing electric cars!🤣
how stupid is this county for trying this kinda disgusting to try this even
Noise abatement fences DO NOT work in any practical way. It is a placebo. The only thing that works is distance. Good luck
just buy the land next to it, not all of it. but enough to where you will not have any people next to it. while its still in ag use. I would be willing to help purchase the land.
Count me in brother. No racetrack should be forced to closed due to forced urban expansion. I can guarantee this is partially because of the EPA trying to cut emissions.
woke up, sent an email. Lets get them over a million emails!
Why is this not on the main channel? This is very important.
THEY ARE DOING THE SAME DAMN THING TO FIREBIRD / WILD HORSE PASS IN CHANDLER! Its closing in 2023!
Real life Yellowstone shit going on here!
You should listen to what Alejandro Flores has to say. Points out some great points about the guy who sold the track to Garrett
I hope somehow that you guys can buy that property and kick those assholes out and do what you want with it link what you're doing is great dude there's not many race tracks that do stuff like you do I mean all you see is NASCAR NASCAR I like what you do you do more than Nascar b******* your events are badass keep going brother fight the fight
Corporate America stricks again
I just sent them all an email. I hope this works, good luck!
I can be down there around 1pm. I went to school with the Van Ostenbridges and I will look and be professional.
Step one: stop the development Step two: buy up all the land Step three: make it a green space for wildlife that already have to listen to the racetracks.
“I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048” Should the development be allowed there needs to be a provision that the development company for the next 25 years is required to increase and manage sound abatement to a level of 95db during events. This would maintain a fair and balanced compromise moving forward. There should also be included in the deed that should the development company fail to maintain the abatement the onus is not to impede the existing event locations.   I may not be in Florida but I am impacted by the closure of Houston's race track mentioned by Garrett. We would bring our kids to the NHRA drag's there every year for the last 15 years and have now lost a family tradition. Garret spoke to the snowbird races, imagine the families that have over 50 years of tradition being lost for a few homes. That is hundreds of thousands of people being brought into your tax area for decades and being shunned for a few homes. I understand growth has to happen to sustain urban development, but it should not be at the cost of established businesses.
I live in thonotosassa. A bunch of us go to bmp often. I'm going to try to get a large contingent to show up on Thursday.
sent my email in!
they did this to my local track. they shut down the drag strip because people complained about the noise
Emails will be sent out from me as soon as I can
Email sent
If I didn't live in the UK I would be going to that meeting 🤣🤣
Got a similar situation close by where the track has been closed since the 70s, its in usable condition but needs improvement. The problem is what your trying to prevent, its stuck in limbo b/c of homeowners that don't want it to open. Its a 1/2 mile asphalt oval, one of few in my state. There are 2 other tracks in the state, one has had the asphalt broken out to convert it to a high banked dirt track and the other is closed due to the owner wanting $20000/month to open it up. With that said for the type of racing I have equipped myself for, I need to travel a state or 2 away just for a local weekly race. Don't tell me I need to switch to dirt. I've tried it, it's a completely different animal and not what I want to do.
This happened to us on Vancouver island in Canada, they built this massive golf corse on a mt with million plus dollar homes and a historic track is now gone
Copy and paste easy. Email sent!! good luck
Pulte Homes and Del Webb are the builders trying to build there!!
it all comes down to who has the most money to spend, garrett... im rooting for you buddy... i also bought some stuff from your merch store... to suport you :) EDIT: sent email like you said to all 6 email addresses
Let’s do it for Dale, Hell Yeah Brother, Hell Yeah Brother, Hell Yeah Brother
Sent the email and had everyone I know send an email.
If looks could kill Garrett would be dead. She did NOT like what he had to say.
If it goes in im moving there. On a real note this is very scary, for all of motorsports.
Lets all take a quick look at one of the biggest tracks in the Country.... The Laguna Seca. A track and legendary one at that has been in operation since 1957. People with too much money and not enough brains started building homes out by the track. And then started complaining about the race track.... And now has a noise limit outside of professional events. It can happen to any one of these great places.
They see you thriving and want to put a stop to it.  We have been loosing freedom year after year good luck you have my support.
It is these very reasons you need to vote as an American. Why are we loosing racetracks? Why are we loosing farmland {in Florida when it's scarce for that matter}. These people don't care about car culture. They are regulating it out of existence & are using every means to end it, including zoning. They did it with our farm lands. Remember Farm Aid?
Cleeter is so goddamn smart!!! I Sometimes forget this man was in law school!
Unfortunately, city zoning councils don’t care. They’ve been bought and paid for. The same thing is happening in my town. Constant expansion with no infrastructure growth. Citizens don’t want it but it passes every time.
yeah i agree with you this is exactly how it happens it’s bull that this keeps happening hope this doesn’t happen so y’all can keep the tracks open and going
Cleetus, as an Owner of Kokomo Speedway (fastest bull ring in the US)  we deal with the same issues, get in touch if you need assistance.
Lady in the back looks like a cnut
Email sent. Best of luck!
emailed! Hope you get the result you want.
Need to do a massive merch push, buy out the land, and eventually build a road course on it! 💪🇺🇸
Stop building homes in stupid places!
email sent!
Good luck on this one.  I live in Long Island, NY.  I will give you 2 examples where money/development compromised 2 Long Term outstanding businesses.  1) Generational Owned Diary Farm:  The farm was successfull for decades and was as big as the family who owned it wanted it to be.  As the island got more populated…a housing development was built.  Huge part of the farm’s success was doing everything in house.  Cow’s getting the milk from them and processing the milk as well.  They also had their own fleet of trucks to distribute it.  Basically the facility was a well oiled machine.  New found Neighbor’s complained about the smell.  They also complained about the noise of trucks coming and going so on.  Family fought long and hard but ran out of money.  They ended up selling the land of course the same development company and liquidated the rest.  B)  a long time food distribution company in a commercial area.  Again as the island got more populated, a developer bought land in a commercial area and built complex.  Again new neighbors complained about noise since they operated long hours.  Complained of the smell of diesel fuel.    Owner was locked into a legal battle over this as well as being sued by a home owner.  Home owner was walking their dog on his property.  She tripped over a tree root and injured herself.  She is suing them…  A competitive company bought them out.  They changed their hours of operation as well as remove back up alarms from trucks.  As soon as the lease is up they are moving everything back to their main hub.  If these developments are built…FF will suffer the same fate.  Tin foil hat thinking:  I believe these deals are already done before step on the stand.  Political pockets are lined and will continue to be lined.  In reality the housing development will weaken Manatee’s local economy
Who's the bigger county tax income going to come from? If they're after the $$$, that's who's going to win the battle. The property taxes from all those homes might be more money for the county, but I'm not sure.
Sending support from England dude! 🤘 countless dragstrips over here died because of this stupidity. Best of luck my man!
I live in New Hampshire so I won’t make it for Thursday but I just submitted my email defending the track and why I appose them doing this, hope this helps, I’m 21 and I’ve been going to my local race tracks since I was 14 so I am 100% with you on this.
If the state is taking away farm land ,then it will be easy for them to close a race track! Smh
I think it's called a partition petition or something like that where you collect signatures to protest against something
Email sent (and BCC'd you) from Atlanta, GA!
You gotta get that land
I say let them complain you are on private property that you own there honestly nothing they can do about you being loud right?
Email sent brother.  Hope all works out.  I think i can speak on behalf of your channel that we do not want to lose any Freedom Factory content.
Email sent!   This race track represents genuine family fun for people across not only the United States but across the World. Good, clean, fun is something the world is lacking these days and allowing these plans to go through is a mistake.
I have to disagree with you Garret, there are other ways of compromising and having the racetracks protected while still allowing housing to be built.  As someone living about 850 miles North of you, cost of housing is super high around here because new homes aren't being built which is effectively forcing reasonably well income families into poverty just to pay for housing.  But for the record, urban sprawl can be contained with higher density housing, Florida is one example where urban sprawl is a problem because no one is building high density housing.
Lost of palms are getting greased. Typical developer BS.
This is exactly how pats acres in Oregon got shut down.
Motorsports is an American Tradition, our industrial revolution has founding in motorsports and the automotive industry, as electric vehicles come to the forefront the American tradition of self betterment, competition driven and comradery will absorb and adapt to the changing technology  but only if we are allowed to have locations where family and friends, like minded individuals can meet together to strive forward in our enjoyment of what history calls an American Past time. Over the years this beloved tradition has been pushed farther and farther away from those that grew up with it while also taking away the possibility for the next generation the opportunity.
Hey cleetus we have signed up to try and help. If you win? Go buy the 2700 acres and turn it into sporting and recreational so it can never be changed back and it will stop this from happening again. Oh I think that the people that have said yes have been paid off to get this put through. Because the land is not worth much as farmland but 4500 blocks is. So he’s doing everything he can to get this through. Make sure you get some one to look into corruption. Because that’s what keeps happening here in Australia.  Cain hard guys. There is a shit load of us Aussi’s that want to go to the freedom factory.
Sounds like a job for whistlin diesel
Done! We don't need another Old Dominion Speedway!
Sent emails to all provided addresses with statement, name, & address. Cant be in person but will do all i can to help keep the American tradition alive...too many are closing.
Get them with the tourism dollars
Email SENT!!!
Email sent. This is what happened to many tracks on Long Island, where I grew up. I have since fled to North Carolina where motorsport opportunities are abundant. I wish you the best of luck, hope to come support Freedom Factory next year.
Cleet reach out to the agriculture land owner, try to appeal to that person to no sale to a developer.
Bro why not try to buy some of it? I really hope this gets seen
wait if they develope housing next to a exsisting rac track, does that not make them liable, as they wuld have to let the future owners know that there is a race track next to them?? thus they would lose money on sales..... and even if people complain, if that track has been there for a while does it not get  protected??  There must be some legal issues there, or  could you not offer a price for  say 500 meters from the line away from the track and  have some space between the track and first buildings??
If the state has an agenda it's gonna be nearly impossible to change the corrupt politics that just wanna pad theirs pockets!
Total bullshit
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Get a poll going
They don't care if you go bankrupt they just want more $$$$$
If they do get approval I say you get them to add in a stipulation giving car enthusiasts and race car drivers teams or the racing community first preference to buy or rent these homes ... we might not win but we can make the most of it if need be
Email is sent with all the proper info.
Bradenton Motorsport Park is a successful business and facility operating for DECADES unhindered, but when someone starts tossing money around they put that at risk. How would they feel if their new neighbors built a house on the empty lot next to them and started complaining about their back yard barbecues and birthday parties.
Sorry clete, I think you might be screwed. Anybody trying to build 4500 homes most likely have some real big dawg lawyers
I would but I'm in Australia 🇦🇺
My dream is to take my three boys to the freedom factory one day.
Dude, developers lobby with a ton of money to city and state officials. Everyone see those dollar signs and it becomes a done deal. Best you can hope is that they hole the sound abatement accountable and give you noise abatements out the rear end. You're right once development and urban sprawl move in it's problems. Get your 100 yr + noise abatements, and let them put up sound walls is about all you will get them to do. Once those envelopes start being handed out you're done.
Dont know how much they consider opposing emails from Norway, but hey, thought i`d give it a go😅
Email sent! I really hope it doesn't get approved! I love your content!
e-mail sent i oppose !! hope all works out cleet and have a good holiday!!
The only way to stop this is to fill the upcoming meetings with as many citizens as possible, have them write letters and testify in-person.
Part of it is they expect to stop street racing but what do they expect when they shut down our tracks? Atleast at a track we have proper safety and safety personnel and the cars get checked to make sure they are up to par.  They got my email!
This is happening everywhere and we all need to stand together and help other states.
Honestly should ask the commission how many people want to move into houses 30 feet from airports and/or air strips.  It's the exact same story and a good argument for them to realize because the sound is very similar if not worse from high horsepower racecars
What they don’t seem to understand is they can not legally put those homes there and y’all better be ready to file a huge lawsuit against the city government and not even let them get away with this!!!
rip em boys. they already took atlanta dragway, not these too
Email sent from a supporter in GA. Good luck.  Southeastern International Dragway operated 5 miles away from my childhood home in Paulding County Georgia. I remember hearing the races from home even through miles of wooded forest, and my parents along with others often negatively comment on the noise. This dragway closed in 2005 after being surrounded by an increasing number of housing developments. A 25 foot wall so close to the tracks will not sufficiently mitigate the sound.
Historical farm land?
Could you imagine the confusion on their faces getting the emails from the guys over in Australia “I oppose mate cheers”
Look at Pembroke Pines Florida in Broward.....there used to be a strip there with a oval track. Think it closed 80's/90's and was considered a Miami track even tho it wasn't in Miami. They started building HOA luxury homes further and further out, and this track was damn near the Everglades. Neighbors complained and the boards rezoned the land right out from under the owners. The owners had $$$ but not more money than the rich bitch residents and the rich developers. So the crooked board and zoning members changed it. Shut it down, leveled it and now it's houses. And do you think any of them gave a rats ass about environmental impact? Nope, they are still edging out closer and closer to the Everglades while asking for donations to protect the Everglades. These scum bags care Jack shit about environmental concerns....they just use that to tug at people's heart strings  I've seen a few replies from people who claim they are board members, etc and who claim they can help. Just like a politician, don't trust them for shit. They talk with a forked tounge and at the end of the day they are just using you to see what direction your going so they can cut you down.
Coming from Colorado this is exactly what is happening to Bandi, it’s BS
This is a tough one. The owner of the agriculture land is probably wanting to take the money to sell the land to the developers.  But even if the developers put in a Claus that they will inform all potential buyers there is a race track and noise will he present. Just give that time and the right people they will complain and find a way to get the track shut down.
fastest i’ve ever written an email
Ole cleet out here doing the race lords work
i wish i could show up man.
email sent
Email sent! Good luck brother, this stuff make no sense.  They know the development will complain and ultimately try to shut down the track. I hope we get a enough opposition together to stop the proposal.
You're going about trying to save the freedom factory all the wrong way. The county commissioners aren't going to want to hear from you about how many people benefit from the freedom factory. That lines your pockets, not theirs. Whereas a new development, on the other hand, will line their pockets to the tune of about $30M a year. You're dealing with cold-hearted, money hungry people. Unless you can offer them something better than the developers you're going to lose. Asking people to show up or email the county commissioners expressing their support for the track and their opposition to the new development will only fall on deaf ears. You can't win a monetary battle with a display of people's emotions. Money always wins these battles, not people's happiness. You have to speak their language. They speak dollar's and cents.
Sometimes, I hate land development. They want to use every inch for homes that cost too much and are not worth crap quality. Then you have Kevin's and Karen's bitching about a race track that was there 50 years before.
Sent an email out! this is unacceptable!
Good luck Brother . I did my Part and sent the email . Hell yeah Brother . 🇺🇸
Just sent them an email. Good luck. I am in full support of what you have accomplished and what you are doing.
Where the hell have I been smh 🤦‍♂️
State bought my hometown track ripped it all out but the bathrooms and now train ambulance and police driving. I fucking hate politicians
Wait a second! So I lived in my home that has 5 acers for 2 years before my headaces started. Quiet country setting, neighbors have the same amount of property. The houses with mine in the middle were all owned by a family so zero account was put into place when my house was built on the property so it is 30ft from the one property line. Well after 2 years the family on the close side moved and in moved 5 adults. The mother, 3 brothers and their sister, two of these lazy individuals are on disability. Little did we know that they were WELL known in the community. So in rolled a ton of broken down cars, trucks and scrap, were thought we were protected by local ordinance that apply to junk yards. That was a big no since this clan is friends with the township leaders. They are also into low budget pulling trucks, derby cars and scrapping. Yes all done as close as they can to my house because my complaints made these man children upset. I have recoded them with a decible meeter at 97. This starts from sun up and goes to sundow  when they see fit because "This is my property and I will do what I want" attitude. Got so bad we had to seek leagal action but this is a CIVIL issue and the local courts take it as a joke. We won on paper but they will not enforce times or days that they told these people not to make noise. Unfortuantly there is no local police and the state police do not want involved. We have been taking the higher ground and fighting them in the legal system since 2015ish. This is just a top level view on my fight.   So please tell me how I can get zero help and your track has been there for years and a not even built yet housing development can come in and cause you headaces like this. Makes my head explode!!
This needs to go to the main channel
Who do you send an email too?
I can design you a zero back pressure  muffler       Any hp.    About six pounds each    Runs at 76 db at 50 feet     A semi fan is 89       No joke  patterned it thirty years ago
Hey I’m in Sarasota and would love to go Thursday, I grew up going to that trac watching my family race every Saturday, could you give me the address please!
look into the articles that Atlanta did about the residents wishing they didn't shut down their race track, the police were even included
Done Cleeter all the way from New Hampshire , I've never been to these venues but hope to someday soon.
G'day all ya wonderful people in the good old USA from from Victoria Australia  The scum bags have been doing or trying to do the same thing here.  Over here we have Heathcote raceway and Calder Park Raceway / Thunderdome and since the government keeps letting more trash move into the contry and breed like rabbits  They want to build more housing for them. Then we are left with illegal street racing and goodness knows What else and fools risking other people's lives because there is NO controlled safe place for car enthusiasts to race their cars in a safe environment.  Tell the trash to F off and leave things alone. They will end up been responsible for all the fatalities that happen in the future. That is what I think anyway.  Stuff all them fools. They probably see big money building houses and chucking rages on them.  Even though I'm in Australia  I have loved watching everything going on with the Freedom Factory since day 1 and it would suck soo much to see it go because of no good fools wanting to build stupid housing near it.
It’s how farms die too.  Ken and Karen move to the country and then don’t like the noise and smells of the country.
Email sent,
I can’t be there but I sent the emails
Get WD on this and he will have thousands out there.
Can't make it ...live in tennessee  and due to health and family I am unable to attend...but I will take the time and email those you spoke of ...and write a comment on why this is such a bad idea ...I live in rural tennessee and all my adult life I have watch so called progress eat away at some of my states most breath taking scenery to rezone for housing and more and more now apartment complex ..  and  a majority of the time this has cause problems with recreational vehicle travel by blocking off access to what once was in some cases the only way to access the areas that are only available threw recreational vehicles or hiking ... and it's a shame ...and I am a drag strip enthusiasts as well... and we can't loose any  more tracks... would like to see a study of lives lost to illegal racing due to closure of facilities where it is a conrltroled environment for racing ....I bet the numbers are shocking not only in citations but even worse casualties....you have my support cletter .....
Good luck guy's.... It's all about generating more tax revenue property taxes school taxes.. it's just another money grab.. Taking land that was designated for agriculture for many many years.. now someone sees a profit and a turning it into homes... Again just another money grab.. it's all about profit..... I feel the organization that you're fighting has a lot more money.. more influence and more pull on these boards... Somebody's getting paid... Bribes are being made.... Just more dirty politics to get what they want...
That is so crazy damn fuck that houseing dudes.
ok brother
You can always move to a location where you are welcomed and meets your long term needs. Florida has too many houses now. What a shame that beautiful state is being consumed.
Email sent!
Suggest you take the commissioners back to the reason drag strips were started. It was to get racing off the streets because people were killed and it was much safer on the track. People will go back to street racing if they do this, and sons, daughter, mothers and fathers will be killed street racing. Do they want this on their hands? This may be a bit strong but you get the idea. Also do some research to determine serious injuries on race tracks  vs. the street. I think you will be good information.
No disrespect man but we just found out our self in the UK if they are going to do it they are going to do it in the UK we have to pay to drive our car a day in side the M25 in side the a406 around London it's at the moment £12.50 a day to drive next year its going to he M25 even to drive in and out of London it's £15.50 plus the £12.50 and the congestion charge that is £10.50 and that's a day and by the way the £15.50 is for going out then you pay to come back in now to my point we voted against it by 96% against and they have and still are going to do it the only way we can drive is if we have a 2019 car or motorcycle 2015 diesel car or van or the conversion that cost £10,000 plus the £2.500 a year for the conversation we also have to pay now luxury tax on our vehicles now to even though we won we lost we know how vote work and since 2020 the Americans are now finding out to they don't work it all about the money that land is worth more to them than your business is any business is plus most of them have all ready been payed to make sure it happens come on you should know how this works you did law and America is one of the most corrupt countrys in the world not say the UK is not but hey are both up there you think that got where they are by not being but if 96% can lose for against then I really do wish you all the best I watch you everyday even before the freedom days I raced my self for a bit and built cars back in the day but they closed the tracks down for the same and they just closed the last track in London down Essex arena in Lakeside where I first raced I just found out because a lot of it was to do with this ulev they have and are putting in to place they won't net 0% and your in there way the same as our race tracks was I wish you all the best bud it's a shame because you was just really getting on your feet there to anyway I wish you and the family a happy Xmas and new year
Buy the land so nothing happens
Email Sent Perth Western Australia,
@cleetusM Email sent brother , Check email for Jason Bearden , was not deliverable
I wish you luck sir
I hate to say it, but you're fucked.  Even if this gets shot down now, eventually it will happen.  Your only hope is to figure out how to buy the land yourself, or find some ancient artifact on the property, some rare species of toad/bird/alligator and get it declared a special site that can never be developed.  The developers have more money, and more lawyers than you ever will, and they will eventually win.  Because money.
God bless brother I hope that the plan for those homes doesn’t get approved so you can continue your hobby and ours
Buy the land
Emails being sent out from me for sure
Lol 😂 what a load of shit ....Texas motor speedway is surrounded by nice ass homes and it's been there forever..... however....I grew up at the kennedale raceway drag strip and finally.....all the neighbors signed up and booted out the tracks ....🤦
Sent one it took 1 minute super easy
For what's it's worth, I live in Lakeland, FL and I sent my email. Good luck on the fight and keep us up to date if you find anything else we can do to help maintain the tracks longevity.
2700 acres/4500 homes! Someone is willing to drop millions in development - they are just going to pay the officials to rubber stamp it.
Email sent!
I sent my email, which was super long and explained the some of the negatives to allowing the housing to be built there.
This should be posted on your main page. Regardless of the content I think you are completely right and you need as many people as possible on your side. You have my vote!
They put the tracks to keep it off the streets!
Was just a matter of time, unfortunately.  Who benefits by doing this?  One solution would be to just buy the land, but it all comes down to the almighty dollar (Tax revenues, land prices, building prices, real estate, etc.)  Imagine if you will, a future homebuyer, even knowing in advance there is a racetrack nearby, is a contributor of a failed racetrack that was once flourishing.  A killer of local history and enjoyment of thousands of people (and the industries it served).  Who could live like that?   There are consequences to every action.  I oppose this 1000%.  What Garrett and others have done IS historic and needs to be respected for the positive impact that it is.
We had the same kind of thing down in Lee County Florida and things like this will happen whenever the county commissioners get their palms greased and then all of a sudden it's put straight through when they knew that it was a bad decision. These large developers will grease the palms of these county commissioners and get it put through  I guarantee it
No violence. No stupid driving. Everyone be professional !!!
email sent!!! I got you bro
Everyone needs to come together !!!!
I'm from Alabama so I definitely won't make it tomorrow but I'm sending emails now! I've seen to many tracks shut down for this very thing and nomatter what precautions where put it place, they all failed. In one instance I seen a local track win where the folks moving into this new complex signed a waver. Basically the track was there first, they have events that start on Thursday and could last up to early Monday morning. Before you move into this house, you understand racing will take place and no, the city will not do anything about it. However they offered a certain percent off for those wanting to attend. They had a few issues with Karen's but all in all, the county stood by the tracks 110%. I wish yall luck and pray this turns out good for the track!
At the very worst, insist that the current owners of the agri land build you a new oval track and a new drag strip somewhere else (where the beautiful sound of V8's wont be heard) that is convenient for you and practical.  However I trust that the right thing will happen.  Regards from South Africa.
This is how KCIR died. Christine Kemper moved into one of the houses on the hill across from the dragstrip and because she had money, she was able to shut it down with the help from Senator Claire McCaskill, who owned property on the other side that she was unable to sell for a high profit because it was next to the drag strip.  They both pushed the city until it finally agreed to tear the track down.  Now almost 12 years later there still isn't a drag strip anywhere near KC.
ChNge title To *SAVE* instead of defend
Sent 👍
We can hear Stafford motor speedway in Connecticut from Ashford Connecticut that is 16.9 miles away ✌🏿 I will email and pass that information on ❤️ knowledge is King good luck guys 😎 get a lawyer delay delay delay my time get a lawyer 🙏 I sent an email to every one of them and it wasn't copy paste my phone is s*** 🤔 watching in Maine
I have an idea and and I hope Cleetus will see this. Could you speak with the group that is wanting to devolope that land and maybe buy most of the property that would be close to the track? Then you could rent that land for agri use to local farmers.  This could be a backup plan in case the request passes. I
email sent.
Arn't Florida Panthers endangered? Isn't that area a Florida Panther breeding ground?  At the very least there should be a study on the habitat lose in that area. The impact on community resources: to include Police, fire, school system, and waste facilies etc.
Emailed
What is the point of zoning if they’re going to violate it?! How stupid is this proposition. The audacity of humans is unreal. Hypothetically, they’ll build them the residents will try to push the tracks that have been there 50 years out like they’re more important. I hate some people man so f’d up… this is exactly why the drag strip in englishtown nj my home track was closed down. It’s now a drift track for those who watch fd have seen it but I still miss the drag strip as much as I love drifting
Unfortunately the people making decisions also stand to make some serious money on building those homes.
Cleeter. Buy the land from the developers!!!
I got you after work cleeter
The sad part is their still probably going to accept it bc they don’t care about some race track they like the idea about more money
These people are not that smart. Take away the homes of thousands of animals to put 3 houses a acre in. Smh I guess it's back to the street racing 🤷‍♂️
this needs to be on the main channel
Imma tell you, you lost because of money. The county commissioners, planners, etc are all in the pockets of big money developers. Those people you pleaded to don't give a rats ass about historical value, revenue from some events, etc. They see the installment of as many homes packed into a patch of land, a crooked HOA to fleece the residents, the money coming in from permits,nmo ey coming in from property taxes, resident growth which equals government control growth, a need to build a school, a WalMat, etc....all the things that constantly and absurdly bring in millions each month.
Literally this exact thing happened in my hometown. We had a dirt track that had been around for more than 50 years that brought in so many people to our small town. But a high-end gated community bought the track just to shut it down because of the noise
Classic problem with sorry people.  See it all the time with airports.  The airport was built long before they were born.  They buy a house next to the airport and go full Karen crying about airplane noise.  Then the airport gets hammered.   This has to stop.
I hate saying this, but showing up to appear in a courtroom (even if it is just a meeting) in a t-shirt with a hat on is a no-no. I understand who and what you are trying to represent, but you are the face of the cause. Respect the court and the cause, take your hat off and dress the part so they take you a bit more serious.
Happened to Raceway Park in New Jersey, the people paid less for those house due to being near a track, they should now owe an adjustment fine of $100,000 + because those houses are mis assessed now.  Time to stop these scummy developers in their tracks.
Honestly these tracks are one of the main reasons i moved to Florida. Sent my emails and wish I could make it
Get Whistlindiesel to gather some people too @Whistlindiesel where you at , you know how to get count houses packed.  And your good at this stuff for Your boy cleeter!!!  I oppose!!! AGAIN I WILL EMAIL THEM!   I WISHED YOU MADE THIS COPIABLE LOL. BUT WE GOT YA HOMIE
Buy the land before they do this stupid ass shit that race track brings more money then a shitty apartment
I wish I could show up tomorrow, brother. Will send an email today, though.
Exactly how speedworld closed here in Phoenix az. I'll do whatever it takes. Make a petition that shows the amount of online support, not just in person attendance, the Freedom Factory has. We have to save our past time!
BREAKING NEWS Elected city officials vote for their own personal financial gain over common sense.
What a bad situation to be in! I hope you figure out a solution to the problem now and are able to prevent future attempts at this. I'm not sure how viable this strategy is but possibly you and the drag strip can pony up some money to buy the land outright so that this problem is prevented in the future.
Typical Florida over developing. All they see is tax dollars.
Danm bro you got this 💪🏽🎯
If they want to build next to a racetrack. They have no right to impact the performance of the racetrack.
Very well said and presented
They should shut up bro, these tracks have been there for over 50 years dude thats hilarious. Hopefully all goes the right way... because most of the people will like it.... they just have to rent the flat to the right person
Sent them an email sir. Hope it helps
I sent emails to all come on y’all we can do this.
I very support you but think why home still get built bc all that money coming to the city. So dumb they should have to sign a contract that they know they are moving next to race track and dragstrip so dumb ppl
I really hope this gets opposed, these tracks bring so much joy and excitement to us young people
From my experience with these type of things. Dealing with it right now. Money and who you know is going to be the outcome. The home developers have been planning and talking under tables about this for years i bet. Good luck but momey amd greed will win.
Where can I find the petition to sign. I live in Illinois
E-mail sent, from Northern Utah!
Something big like you had to call MR beast lol he woulda got you no problem
**FYI the emails listed in the description need to be spaced by  ; not  ,     I copied each email individually In order to send it to every person. Outlook lists them all as one and only sends it to James otherwise.
Try and buy out the land to turn it into the baddest complex of dirt tracks, rally tracks, bogs, and every other type of racing in the country. Obviously that’s a ridiculous amount of capital though
Welcome to corrupt county commisioners that TAKE BRIBES FROM RESIDENTIAL BUILDER'S AND DESTROY EVERYTHING that exists instead of doing what's right...
The developers should be forced to buy you out at 5 times revenue projected for 2023. So you can build one brand new.
I think it will be important for you to show hard data and facts.  I would engage a financial analyst to estimate the annual revenue generated by the racetracks, not just in ticket sales, but also from hotels, restaurants and other businesses that benefit from the racing events - including all the revenue from Manatee County youtubers that come to your events.  Talk about the number of people and businesses that benefit from the jobs created by the racetracks.  Don't just talk about the emotions - they will only be swayed by two things:  1) the money; and 2) the votes in their next election.
Can you get Your Racetrack property Grandfathered in so no Zoning change can occur to You land?
I did my part. hope we can prevent this from happening.
Email Sent!
This is why every track in California has shut down unless it’s out in the desert… I wish you good luck Cleet. I’ll do everything I can from over here!!!
Fonda motor speedway is right in town and running strong over 100 years, regardless of what happens y’all will be good
So sad that the racetrack are under fire.   I would rather see the racetracks their than a bunch of unnessary homes.   Its sad how congested people's getting. An think they have to bunch up all together.   So so very sad
Reminds me of the landfill down the road from where I grew up.  It was law that the landfill could never grow past a specific road.  They moved the road.  Plan for the worst.  If it gets zoned, that track is as good as gone.
Converting stateside agricultural land to homes … a lot more sinister of a situation than most people think
I’m so sorry for what it’s happening to you!  It’s simple the race track was on ready there, if the neighbors don’t like it sorry, move out …. Boring people who like to complain and hate peoples having fun. Keep race track open please
Sent my e-mail and asked all my friends both racing and none to do so also, only takes a minute or two. Keep Up the Fight for Freedom!
if anything they should build hotels for people attending races have near buy sleeping arrangements
Developers , the bane of the countryside .Money and money. What a shame. I am hoping you are successful. My heart is with you.
These freaking yuppies didn't know they were messing with a man who was gonna be a lawyer 😂💪
I literally want to move to Bradenton because of the track ...
Raceway Park NJ…. Also shut down because of neighbors complaining about noise
I hate this. I live in Kansas City and we had a drag strip (KCIR) that was there at least since the 60's. There were houses literally right next to it (old houses) and every single one had a racecar in front of it. One Friday every month they had a night where you could run anything as long as you had a helmet. Everyone from teenagers to adults packed the place racing everything from bikes and jeeps to prius's. THEN, some developer bought land and built a fancy subdivision relatively near to the track and the new neighbors started complaining about the noise and the track was shut down and demolished within a year and to this day the land sits empty and abandoned and the whole area around the track has died. This crap is unacceptable and a pre-existing structure (especially one that is a staple in the community) should not be allowed to be threatened by some big developer. I still can't comprehend how any of what happens like this is even legal given that the existing business should have protections simply due to the fact it was there first and has operated there for a long time already. You can't buy a house next to a racetrack then complain about it!!!
I hope that my email will help!
Email sent from a fellow Drag Racer in NE Wisconsin. This is exactly the type of thing that is killing the history and culture of grass roots racing. There are 893 mi² in Manatee County; go build your subdivision somewhere else so a thriving track and its operators can continue our sport and culture in peace!
Hey so another update they just fucking blocked my message like I think it went to about one out of five people so these guys are not pleased
Call Desantis and tell him freedom is being lost
2step check outside the building and they'll get the point.
THE PEOPLE ON YOUR LIST THAT I EMAILED A FEW HAVE CAME BACK AS BEING BLOCKED 🚫 I checked the spelling etc and all is good. I'm hoping that this won't stop your chances of getting this stopped!! I hope you see this!!!!!
well if they want to continue building homes next to tracks. we should just practice our hobby in these streets & neighborhoods... "take it to a track" they say. yet they allow homes be built next to them. ultimately leading to the track being closed.
THE PEOPLE ON YOUR LIST THAT I EMAILED A FEW HAVE CAME BACK AS BEING BLOCKED 🚫 I checked the spelling etc and all is good. I'm hoping that this won't stop your chances of getting this stopped!! I hope you see this!!!!!
I have work but I'm emailing them today. I have seen many tracks close. Bring up Palm Beach Speedway. We are losing places to race and naturally when race tracks close, people take to the streets to race
Alright everyone load up the drag cars, we’ll bring them down there and give them some perspective on how loud these car actually are
Are the big name YouTubers on board?    Let me know who didn't show up.
Sent my Email!  Good Luck Cleetus and the Freedom Factory!
Stand back and stand by Cleetus is planning an insurrection !
Seen a few race tracks here in Australia die from the exact reason.
I just fired off a long email trying to explain how hard it is living next to a race track because I’ve done it and while I did love racing shit that gets annoying after a while so maybe just push some of the homes farther away but I I was really just trying to give them a couple of different ideas but I am very against them trying to add 4500 homes to your area and shut down your entire business it would destroy half of the tourism in the area why did they build a damn hotel near there instead like it doesn’t make sense farm the land or build a hotel and then build houses farther away making an urban sprawl after the race tracks have already moved once and then sprawling right back to them just isn’t smart
Don’t worry, when we only have EV’s it will fix the noise issue :(
You are going to lose it all comes down to tax revenue and money
Lol, the board members are going to be like "Friiiiick!!!!" going through all those emails.
It has happened to too many racetracks around the US, even ones that have had housing put up around them...they just get more and more restricted on the times they can run and the number of events they can have a year. They put sound limits on cars too. Given the progress you've made with the track, it would be such a heartbreak to see the housing get put up because we all know what eventually will happen
Can we mail in?  Will letters that arrive be counted.  I imagine they would if there is meeting is extended before the vote.
We’re here for you man.
This exact thing has happened to a dirt track in Malta New York. The owners are constantly having to go to town meetings over noise complaints. The track has been there since the fifties I believe, developers have been putting house's up Wright next to the track for thirty years. The home owners have tried to close the track several times. Costing the owners a lot of money for lawyers to save his track.
Email sent!
This has concerned me for several years as Lakewood Ranch and Bradenton push further and further, East.  I live 8 miles West of the tracks and can hear the races.  The thought that any sound abatement is going to work is ridiculous.  Unfortunately, the developers always win.  I will send the email, but in the end, it will be about money and political influence.    Keep up the good fight!
Done
Can I do this from Lee County as well? I mean, it is my go to track.
Just learned from you today my hometown raceway in Baytown, Tx shut down. Crying shame. That town is growing like wildfire though….sad to see I won’t be able to take my children who are all under 8yrs old young as 4 - to the track that brought me so many memories.
Good luck Cleetus, hoping they do the smart thing.
Great job brother
Good Luck! Fingers crossed for ya!
This is a simple math problem. Multiply 4500 properties by $2000 (a very low estimate of property tax per home) equals $9,000,000 for your local government every year, forever. I love motorsports but unless you can prove that you can guarantee $9M for city hall… well you know what will be the outcome. Good luck, I hope you somehow beat this.
Wishing you all the best of luck, but if it hits the fan I'd love to see you follow the Pittsburgh Pirates and come up north! Not far from my backyard is the shuttered Motordrome Speedway in Smithton, PA. It's located in South Huntingdon Twp, where there is very little zoning and government bull crap. It's also located next to noisy Interstate 70, 3 busy truck stops, a nudie bar,  farm land on the other 3 sides, and in a yuppie free community full of redneck gearheads who will welcome you with open arms.
Email sent. I'm hoping for the best. I'm moving back home to Bradenton in June and want to bring my boys to the track like my dad use to bring me. Best of luck.
Im in VA doubt I make it down but I did my part and emailed htis would be very sad if it happens...
Email sent
Email send from myself in the UK
Ya there is a racetrack probably 10 miles from my house and we can hear them running on Saturdays.
i work at a city shot for heavy construction equipment we have a first and second shift and they developed the land right behind us where the shop doors are we are elevated so se see in to the 2nd and 3rd floor of this condo complex,  yea we could be curtsey  but we where hear first its commerical and people buying the condos knew of the shop and rail rd  so same with the development next to the track  let the people decide weather they want to move in and hear noise everyone should do there home work before buying and if there gonna build 4000 homes i dont see a lot of them selling , also the land owner is probably choosing to develop since you been makeing the area bigger with races
let's be real for ah second we have no need for race / drag tracks in the world or race cars they aren't helping anything for the planet or people  eventually they'll all be electric that'll be pretty lame to watch so we should waist resources to allow one person to go fast I don't see the logic in it sorry
Emails sent hopefully they get flooded and have to oppose
Same way Riverside speed way closed decades ago. AMP here in Phoenix AZ has the same on going battle. Only thing AMP has going for it is that it is not only up against a residential zone, the opposite side of the track is Luke AFB. Hard to go up against a military base.
Being from the West Coast; this is the absolute truth... hell, even Pomona is at risk these days. When the city moves next to a track or airport, they often get shut down or have extremely limited hours of operation.
I am just down the road from you in Mill Creek. I have composed an email and sent it to every link provided in opposition against this dumb idea. Hopefully you are funded enough to go up against these developers. They only care about the money. Thought ?  Can you or a group for lack of better words purchase the land from them ?  That would fix the problem.
Email sent. 10000 comments and 50K likes...one would expect at least as many emails.
They don't care. The taxes from the homes will make them more money. Plus, the government doesn't want people making their own money, they want you depending on them. This is the beginning of the end for the tracks. Unfortunate fact.
Putting in an I oppose message now man. I am a landscaper that was forced out of my mulch production and staging area. I gotcha man.
Real talk this need to be on you main channel too dude
All they care about is the initial money, they don't care about you or us. F them.
I can’t make it as I live in Ohio and I can’t just take the time off. But I will definitely send some emails.
I might not watch this channel alot but I sent my email to defend the freedom factory
Doesn't matter where you live!!  Send the emails!!  I sent mine!!  Let's support the FF, and do it for Dale.
1.7 million empty homes in Florida. That is more empty homes than any other state .and they feel they need how many more!!!!!!!!!!
Email sent. Hopefully this helps in the deterrent of them moving foreword on this application. Glad to help in any way I can.
Done! With a detailed explanation of the issues that Houston Raceway Park had that made them close their doors.
I can’t copy and paste the addresses
Just discover some "rare' animal so they can't develop it.
Post this on the regular page. I didn’t even know you had the second page till just now and I’m sure there are hundreds more that don’t
Those poor email inboxes
Definitely sending out the email brother, this is absolutely insanity that they are trying to build more homes. This brings income to the state on a regular basis and all they care about is more tax money from the homes, for their pocketd
6:33 I really like how they say that we need to stop cutting so mine trees down and they are wondering why there’s animals attacking there pets and there’s coyotes wondering the streets in neighborhood’s were there homes are but yet we still building houses were they don’t need to be.
It's awful what people will do just to make money. The track, like you said, brings so many people to the county and to the area that it helps small and local businesses. It keeps people from racing on the streets and does so much more. Plus if they do this, it shows that they do not care about small businesses and the fact that the tracks have been there for over 50 years!!! Wish I could help Cleet!
You did great sir! Very well spoken at the board. I wish you luck in getting this project canceled or moved.
This should be on main channel!
They want us to not modify our street cars, and they're killing the racetracks. The car community can't win
Counter sue the shit out of them or make them pay for the fucking fence.
Emailed from Australia!
That woman should definitely stop scowling at our by Cletus. The perfect example of a KAREN
As well as the emails to the Commissioners, send an email to Gov Desantis’s office also.
Hey you a fellow mitchell. Get it buddy.       Side note I can hear our local track thats about 15 miles away on the other side of the little town between us....    we need to save more of out open land and keep it from being settled
Sucks man your going to lose this battle eventually unless you can buy all that land.
I think you need to push the international popularity of the FF, thousands of letters of intent to bring money into the country cannot be a bad thing. I plan to email explaining how TopGear was the BBC's MOST VALUABLE asset, how it sold to hundreds of countries around the world. To millions ( literarally) of us, The FF is (spiritually ) the new TG. Cleet, Jackstand & George are the ne Clarkson, Hammond and May. And they have a track, that unlike TG, we can actually visit and even enter amateur event. Europes most popular race track enjoyed its biggest popularity and profit growth as a direct result of Sabine Shmidt lapping a van on the TG show. The FF is not only a great racing facility, recently recovered from ruin to viabilty, but it's also an international attraction with the potential for huge global sucess as both a venu and an entertainment production company, which it is already doing to a respectable degree given how long Garret has owned the place.  What I'm saying is that I would love to travel half way around the world to visit the FF, but don't underestimate the number or importance of how many others there are like me. Theres not thousands of us, there's MILLIONS of us, and the FF "carries the TG torch" which is deeply deeply important to us. The Cleetus McFarland show and the freedom factory, are up there with TopGear & The Nurburgring in the esteem of car lovers.  If you do not live in America, it's still very important to email and help the councillors understand the significance and growth potential the FF could have for their county.... Be polite and sincere, not angry or upset.
Tracks need to start getting protected like national treasures!
Email sent. Here is what I wrote: "I grew up with my father taking me to places like this and as an early child, I developed a passion for the cars I watched. As I grew older, I realized that these cars didn't get there by themselves and I witnessed a community of like-minded people working together for a common purpose. With so many tracks like this being shut down around the country, the only alternative for individuals will be to take their race cars to the streets, which is obviously dangerous and illegal. This particular track has been able to do the opposite of most in the country, which is to not only revive and survive, but actually thrive and contribute to the local community. Please do not let this land application be approved."
Bandimere Speedway is losing its battle and its looking like '23 is the last year of operation for them, at least at their current location. Unfortunately the dollar always wins. We can (and will) all speak out and oppose this but if the right pockets were lined then this may already be over. I would get a meeting with DeSantis before the 2nd vote takes place. Not a phone call, not an email, a meeting. Its his state, this affects him too.
Just tell the state to only allow deaf people to move in next to track.
This happen to my local gun club.  New houses build in a rural area now its closed because of the new home owners.  Hope this doesn't happen to the FF.
I hate when this happens.   Cleet you and Jeremy  have been to my little town.  (. In Northeast ga.   Jeremy a lot .  But the housing thing   Really changes things.  This use to be a great place. Now houses everywhere no where for the wildlife , our bears are being hit by cars ,because they no longer have a home , we have a Great Lake and trout streams but you can’t fish everything is posted ,  my point is    This building houses just where ever needs to stop . We are destroying every reason to live in the area the houses are built. One day soon when all the reasons people build  thousands of houses in a place  in a place is destroyed by the houses they build they will leave to build houses somewhere else ,
Pbir is still for sale, it might be a good back up plan if you and Victor partner up and buy it. There is no way they’re building holmes next to Pratt/Whitney.
I live in Virginia so can't be there in person. Email has been sent though! This exact thing happened to the track I grew up around and spent so many nights at. Old Dominion Speedway in Manassas VA. My first car show trophy was from that track and it's hanging on the wall in my garage to this day. They built a new neighborhood right next to it. They didn't disclose anything about the track to the people buying the homes. These people of course complained about the noise, and the track slowly died. Now you can't even tell it ever existed... This must be stopped!
Mannnn don't do this manatee county!
Really well spoken at the city council meeting! Very impressive
Emailed
Definitely need to bring up the results of not having proper facilities for people to use. Street racing, Takeovers, Deaths of innocent citizens etc.
Worse comes to worse we all move to Bradenton!! Lmao
lets go brothers
Unfortunately they don’t give a damn about how many people show up or oppose there agenda. They see dollar signs and that is it
✔️💯🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🙏🏻
Our local race track is now a neighborhood. I miss it daily. Fight the good fight! RIP Spanaway Speedway.......
Have you contacted whistlindiesel? He has a strong following.
Why has this not been put on the main channel???
United You Conquer Divided You Beg. Majority Rules ! How dare they ! You Should Sue the Developers because their Purposely doing it , wiping History, Don’t let Them Do It Brother , Use Your YouTube Influence to Embarrass the Developers Because it’s On Purpose . No One Wanted to Live Their Before I Bet .
Raise hell praise dale!
Sending e-mail
This is gonna be a tough fight man. I’m here for y’all in any way as a Florida resident
That right there is why the world keeps getting screwed over. Stupid land developers getting greedy.
Emailed them from Amsterdam, hope it helps. Otherwise, buy the homes yourself
I just sent my e-mail. Let's hope the flood of emails and people showing up to the meeting on Thursday helps the county commissioners make the correct choice.
Hope it works all the county looks at  the taxes they will get from each home $$$$
This guy has had plenty of help already
Good thing you're a lawyer🤣🤣
They got an email from me! I used to live miles from summit raceway park in ohio, and I could hear the cars at night. A wall is gonna do nothing.
Email sent from your Maine neighbor. Best of luck!
Best thing to do is fight it and somehow try and buy the land. Otherwise it will inevitably be a neighborhood, just like every other cow pasture or orange groove in Florida. It’s only a matter of time before the right people are paid off by the developers.
Live stream with supporters around the world 😂
happy you had a child cause he will be hella proud to have you as a dad one day. hope all goes well and I'll be sending my emails.
Can't go to state because the people running the show will vote for money every time
Start a petition?
Emails sent from Melbourne Australia. Wishing you all the best in the defence of the Freedom Factory and Bradenton Motorsport drag strip. Long may the engines rev freely.
Done my part brother, best of lucky and hope everyone makes one hell of an impression! I know if I wasn’t in AUS I’d be down there in a heartbeat 🤟 Let’s get ‘em guys! and send those frick$n emails!
I cant make it in person but will send the email for sure! Been there before and plan to go again as much as possible.
Do these people understand that you can hear cara while in a building right? A 25ft wall won’t do anything but look ugly.
This is so bullshit we just lost our home track Az Speedway (they even ran mufflers) because of homes. Az is about out of dirt tracks!!! It's like u know there is a racetrack why buy a house next to a track knowing there is HP in the air.
I used to work at a pub in my youth and we had live music once a month. Not every night, or even once a week, but once a month. And every time, you could guarantee the people in the house nearby would call and complain. I always said the same thing, "How long have you lived there?" "2 years" "Pub has been here for 200 years, bye...." But you're absolutely right. We only had 1 house to deal with, when you have several thousand people will complain and get noticed. I wish you all the best and keep my fingers crossed for you.
Can someone who doesn’t live in Florida send the email?
I know it's a stretch but Maybe you can try to buy the land or maybe part of it by the track? 2700 acres is alot with a hefty price tag I'm sure, but maybe you can get a loan from uncle chet?? Lol just my thoughts. I don't wanna see the racetracks close!
I live in Australia and I'd love to email I oppose in a respectable manner it's made your channel wicked to watch! Not that it was bad before but it's just awesome!
Sadly, money talks to the powers that be. The tax revenue that they will get from the houses will be a bunch more than the track will give them. You're in for a hell of a fight. Good luck!
Have you contacted Dr. Jamie Meyer from PRI?
I live 4 miles from a dirt track northwest of Charlotte NC and can hear the Late Model's and Sprint's on cold nights.   Ask the people who live next to Charlotte Motor Speedway and Z MAX drag strip if they can hear the cars... Then ask them if they mind it. Almost none of them care, most even embrace it.
Sent all 7 emails, hope all their phones are blowing up
People go out and help out your local drag track . We lost our in New Jersey for the same reason. I’m in with the email
They did a new lake development in our town 3 years ago.  Now no more race track.  It had been there since the 50's.  I own the only engine machine shop around and that took away a lot of my business.
we have to show our boy, our support. dont think "eh, he has a lot of people that can do it, so no reason for me to" too many of us will do that! please, if you support McFarland Racing in any way, take a little time, do some copy pasting, and send in the emails folks :)
Absolute horse shit. They know what they’re doing.
Dude you got to get in contact with Ron DeSantis
Email sent
Kennedale, Tx had an 1/8th strip close down due to stuff like this
Can’t make it but sent me email, keep up the good work Cleet
Thank Desantis for inviting all of California.
people move close to Disney then co.plain about the fireworks lol
I'm in NH, but I'll gladly send a professional email to these people. The freedom factory and the drag strip have done wonders for all us fans. You are having community support it let's kids see real racing and let's be real, you can't do drugs when you are buying racecar parts. Garrett  you have done so much for the racing crowd and we love you for it. Saying some prayers and sending an email, good luck brother I hope you have a crowd of respectful fans show how important this is.  That lady looked grumpy as all get out, hope she will see what this means to everyone.
email sent
Maybe plan B . Buy the boundry strip next to your proberty . Build dirt hump , sound bar , an in time , around both ff track and drag track . Just an idea
Opposition sent. Good luck.
I am from germany, I don't know if my email helps in this case, but of course i wrote one. It would be such a shame if they get through with it. Even so I have never been there I love both of the racetracks. I hope we can show this all together.
If it does go through, looks like I get to move in next door. I won’t complain 🥴
Email sent from me, and another separate email sent from my wife. I think it's stupid in this economy and recession for them to even waste their time building those houses in the first place.
i must live 5 miles from a track and you can hear it if your outside
Move it all to Richmond va and buy Richmond dragway
Buy out that land
In a worst case scenario if the housing does get approved, you need to get some clause written up with the developer/ city that the track can’t be impacted from this nearby neighborhood.
Sent an email, even if i live in the UK, we have seen this to many times in Uk. let not allow it to happen again.
💯
You’re going to need some hard numbers, people attending, money made, money made by the community, otherwise no one cares about historical value, sorry…
If it gets approved lets get 4500 car lovers to buy homes there. but I hope it doesn't pass
Can confirm. My parents are 6 miles from ozark international and they can hear the track in the summer. Through ozark hills
I’m sorry Cletus, I don’t believe they will side with you too much money involved for the government it’s a shame. I pray that I’m wrong but I’ve seen this happen so many times over and over and over.
Raise hell and praise dale
i live in the UK and this is exactly what has happened here to 4 motorcycle tracks in the space of 10 years , people move in and complain about a track that has been there for the best part of 80 years then it gets restrictions and withers away till it closes, i wish you all the best in fight against the development  👍
The developers are doing a disservice to their future clients
buy it brother. I'm sure fans like me will support $$. got to keep racing alive.
this is really a problem all over florida, everyone is moving here but nobody likes the Lifestyle so they force it to be changed.
Oh boy ... we are coming ..... we got you. The govt is our specialty.
Wow this really sux, I feel like access to race tracks are getting worse and worse.
This very thing happened to, first, a road course that used to be in the St Louis area back in the 60's and 70's that eventually turned into a drag strip when the road course wasn't used anymore.  Mid America Raceway.  The racetracks used to be out in the middle of farm fields in where no one lived.  Urban sprawl caused homes to be built close by, people complained of the noise,  and now, MAR is no more.  It's a big subdivision now.
Man it really pisses me off when people build homes around a track and complain about noise. My grandma lives right next to a dirt circle track and you can hear it but it's not bad at all.
Historical monuments can't be torn down.or phuck'd with. Apply for it to be a historical race track.
You can't move next to a racetrack, or an airport, knowing full well that it is there and is loud, and then whine about the noise. Building next to a known noise center isn't the race track's problem. Find another area. Race tracks are deliberately built out away from residential areas because of the noise, so they've already done what was necessary, avoiding the noise is on everyone else from that point on.
Reach out to the bandimere's they recently went through this exact situation and won ... good luck brother
It’s just economics. Which one will bring more revenue to the county. Sad but true.
English town NJ shut down because of this same reason. Houses next to a track ALWAYS shuts down race tracks!
Spread the word to the racing community and make that development all racers .there might be enough people that are racing enthusiast that can live in a house next to a race track. Expand the freedom factory
Cleeter the only solid way is to buy them out. You'd have to buy the land out from under them.  The commisioners and local government  doesn't CARE about you. Your track. Or anything else. They all get kickbacks from the developers. They will burn you to the ground to line their pockets brother.  You have to fight back and fight hard. Hard as fuck. I would try to get a lawyer and investigator to look into the relationship  between the commissioners  and developers. I'm telling ya they are corrupt to the core. And they are doing this on purpose ive watched it happen
Guarantee it still goes ahead..there is a back hander there.  And what the hell is a fence going to do.250,000 people and a town full of race cars right outside when this happens..come on guys I'm from England 🇬🇧..been there three times and planning another next year..all of us 🇺🇸 😍
Email sent!! From Louisville KY, Watched them try to do this to NCM track!
For those who are out of the area and out of the country, send emails in. Seeing a response from all across the world would have an impact!
The race track was built and operated prior to the proposal of the new development. Any noise abatement measures should be at the cost of the development.  seems that the local government is racing the rules to the courthouse to please a developer.
E-mail has been sent Clet... I think you should make it a point to specifically call out public safety.. See what I emailed below:  "I am writing to you today because I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048. As a building consultant I travel and spend much time in the Florida areas helping in the efforts to rebuild after the devastating hurricane events Florida has been subject to. One of my favorite pastimes after working sometime in excess of 90 hours a week is to attend the events put on at the Bradenton race tracks. This is how I reset after the long hours and countless heartbreaking stories of families and businesses being displaced. These tracks bring not only significant tax revenue into your area but also tourists, and more importantly safety on your streets... Many people don't realize tracks like these are our last hope of curbing the "Street takeover' mentality. As more and more tracks have been closed the "Street Takeovers" have become more and more common. I am firmly against takeovers but also understand that if you take away individual's places to enjoy the cars they worked so hard to build they are just going to take it to the streets where more people are likely to get hurt, and I don't want to see that. For that reason I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048."
Email sent!
Email sent from ol Missouri More houses and fewer local activities to attend will inevitably bring more crime to any region. We as a country need to focus heavily on long term effects not instant gratification and dollar signs. Any county that allows this type of infringement on a recreational facility such as the circle track or historic drag strip has, or will face negative consequences. Florida more than most states has been spearheading what is best for our country, I hope Manatee and if necessary state officials will do what's best locally as well.
What a bummer! Good luck brother
If you have ANY problem with this going forward, my wife is a Government land use attorney and represents the state of Fl. Reach out to me
San Antonio Raceway…RIP
i wonder if you could buy like 20 or so acres closest to the track so they cant build there and it would put the houses further back.
I wish you the best of luck... I'd love to come or write an e-mail, but i live about 2500 km (1500 ish mi) from bmp... Good luck from Québec!!
100%.. its basically someone telling to move away and you do so.. then they just end up moving next to you.. like what else do you want? We had one of the biggest drag strips in jersey die due to unfortunate events.. this time another was being threatened to shut down because of neighboring homes
permanent signage in the development. worst case scenario if this goes through and homes are built there should be permanent signing for this development stating that it is in the proximity of a race track and that residents should expect to hear no ways up to a certain time. this is common for developments around airports.
Everyone buy that land !   Absolutely stupid tho.
They did that upstate by me. All these tracks are built on flat farm land, which makes it very juicy to housing developers.  The track is still open, but once a year a rich retired person comes in and tries to shut it down so he can be retired in peace.
You need to get your lawyer to go on the offensive. These developers will pay off zoning officials to get away with shit. Environmental impact and what not.     Get on that ron desantis... if he supports local business like he says he will back you
Emails sent…..Good luck brother! I wanna come see y’all down there every year for many more years! We have enjoyed every event we have been to and y’all never disappoint! Just hope they realize what a great, young hard working citizen they have in their county and see what hard work can do to make a difference in the community as well as in peoples lives not only there but even from afar. I support you 100% 🤘🏻🇺🇸
Cleetus for Mayor of Manatee County !!!!
We have recently moved to Manatee County and live about a mile from the building this will be held in. I normally work 9-5, but I will be taking some time off to come to this and help out. Went to our first event at the Freedom Factory for the spectator drags, and it was great.
I live down the road from a race track and love it ngl
The can't legally shut down drag racing. So let's push them out instead? Total bullshit!!
You need whistlindiesel for this job
You speak well.  An action ASAP: Hire a reputable acoustic consultant to monitor sound pressure levels and present this hard data. Real data will allow quantitative analysis on source and reciever treatment efficacy (too much energy in the air for this to work).   The rest is emotional. Emotion which won't work on decision makers disconnected from the community and stakeholders.
I can’t copy and paste
I understand the need for more housing and development. However I also hear about all the street racing incidents/accidents/deaths that are happening also. If this new development goes in and the tracks end up closed where are all the racers going to go? Probably back to the streets.... My argument is this development will endanger the public by possibly closing the tracks. Yes Manatee will lose revenue from visiting spectators but they'll make that back in property tax and sales tax. This, IMO, is more about safety and giving people a place to vent their rides off the road and in a safe environment. I'll be sending my emails in opposition. I've never been to the tracks, I live in arizona, but I'd hate to see this impact yall.
If they don't put sound meters on the said development property before voting to develope it they're not doing their job. I hope you beat this,Here in coastal Louisiana they've filled in once protected marshlands and turned it into ag-land only to develop it the same way.
This is exactly why they stopped doing indy races at BIR here in MN... this is bullshit 😕
It happened in the town i live in before i moved here, 1/8th mile closed down after a short number of years because of homes being built nearby. Sad!
Yeah bro. They are gunna lobby the government  to fuxk you. The tracks been there...these developers always do this..they fuck locals to build their shit. And the government  wants the tax money from the development so they will make your life miserable to get you to give it up
Where do I sign Bud this can not happen I'm almost 40 I talk with my girl all the time that by the time I am able to race it will not be here we must save the tracks and muscle car life. It looks like there doing it on purpose you now they have data that shows this will not work come like really.
I wish you the best. It’s going to be hard to prevent a small town from eliminating a new revenue stream. If I was you I would put up billborards right next to all the new developments advertising for everyone to come out since it’s sooo close. This may hinder their new home sales. It’s highly likely the previous owner knew what was coming and saw an opportunity to get out while he could and sold it to you without informing you.
Well when people buy those brand new houses that were knowingly built next to a operating Race Track. They should have to sign a 20 year wavier promising not to file noise complaints during Known operating hours.  I pretty sure they won’t finalize the deal on the house with that arrangement.
Let them build but get a disclosure implemented as to no lawsuits against established raceway wether for noise, smells or whatever. Track is established and the home owners chose to move there knowing full well what to expect from said establishment. I'm sure I worded that wrong but you get the idea.
Can I e-mail them from Belgium with my Belgian home address? I'm guessing that's a no, but I'm hoping it's a yes. I mean come on, I've been following for quite a while now, and couldn't imagine the channel without BMP and the Freedom Factory :(.
Reminds me of ole Wentzville drag strip. Hopefully they reconsider.
There's a Berg or Stein behind this.
Garrett Mitchell, hey I tried emailing all names on the list they have turned off the ability to email them anymore. Just so you know
Same people who would inevitably complain about the noise will be the same ones complaining that the street is being used as a race track once the tracks are gone…. dumb and dumber. I hope this doesn’t happen
Purchase the land next to the track and keep it AG.
I'm sure this was mentioned 1000 times but you will have to go to DeSantis for help. You know how these things ultimately pan out. I sent the emails.
What about emails from people From other countries?
Need to contact Florida state and federal legislators. This also will help!
Done.
I resided 12 miles from Norwalk raceway [aka] Summit motor park and on the weekends you can hear the cars racing clearly   no walls or noise barriers will work
Your screwed unfortunately new sub division’s always win. The revenue off theses house will be way more then you can generate.
You should ask for a study done before consideration on the sound levels  on that land.
I guess 4500 of us need to buy a home in Florida.
Gotchu brother
Damn 25 feet? What is this the Mexican border 😒 save the race tracks!
Just emailed them we need the Freedom Factory
Just got done sending all of the Emails, it's not that hard to do. If you Subscribe to Cleetus do this for Everything that He that he Stands for!!! Look what he has done for Racing around the World!!
I wonder how Fremont speedway deals with this issue? It's connected to the sandusky County fair grounds in fremont Ohio and is right in the middle of a large residential area. It's a dirt track where sprint cars are racing pretty much every Saturday during the summer.
It’s all about tax revenue… the county will earn more money building 4500 homes. Farm land doesn’t bring any $$$. They don’t care if your track lives or dies, it’s sad. I’ll send an email for you Garrett, Freedom will survive
I will be sending a email to all them.
You should put this on the main channel, you’ll get more email sent!
Sent my emails!
This isn’t good Cletus , you see this in the uk and somehow they get the planning permission when everyone locally doesn’t want it , certainly makes you wonder if it’s agreed by someone using unlawful means , proper bad news as not only is the freedom factory a massive local attraction which brings a lot of money and business to the area but it’s a known worldwide attraction , hope you get this sorted brother
So what happens if we coop buy the land?
Mine is Sent
You could hear PBIR cars quite a few miles away and there were tons of big old trees in between
The real question is how soon does @whistlingdiesel get involved if he hasn’t already?
I got you brother!!!! You have given me countless hours of entertainment, not only that but you’ve helped form an idea of what I want to do with my life, it is my duty to serve you.
This is exactly what happened to Saugus Speedway in Los Angeles. It was called "LA's Place To Race" then all the housing developments were built...I will be sharing this to a Facebook group dedicated to that track. Quite a few people there would move heaven and hell just to make sure your track is safe.
ames.satcher - blocked my email btw.
Goodluck
These people do not care about you, or racing. They are government scum. They want us all driving EVs, wake up.
Make this a bigger deal we could lose everything 😭😭😭😭😭😭😩😩😩😩😩😩
If it dies, it dies. Nothing important will be lost.
They are going to kill your dream. You don’t have the money and influence to grease the right politicians to keep this from happening.
Our institutions and business need to be locked down. Always a reason to take from the people. Time for accountability!!  Eminent domain is a joke.
They can put up whatever kind of wall or berm they want… Why do you have to do that for them to move in?
I appreciate your point.   we moved the tracks out of town and you’re moving the town closer.
This is typical florida, unfortunately alot of people stand to make alot of money from all those houses. I hate to say it but the fate of the freedom factory is looking dark
Canadian here, email has been sent off! I wish I could attend. Would a petition be of interest to show how many backers are opposing this?
Sent out all the emails to each one, good luck man!
I hope this goes well ❤️
I live in Germany so my options are very limited but you and the McFarland community can do this. Greeting from Germany or, as we say, the country of limited possibilities
I lived 25 miles south of Boone speedway in Iowa and i could still hear the dirt track cars sometimes.
Email sent. Hoping for the best!
Contact the news stations!!! Media attention is powerful
email has been sent
The developers need to make as part of any home sale document a signature page that the buyer must sign to acknowledge they have been made aware of the racetrack. That way they can't come back later and moan and groan to the developer or  municipality over the noise, too often "possible" neagtives on a property aren't divulged. I know of a commecial building that just was purchased where the former owner didn't let the buyer know of a access road that is being built that will take over 15 parking spaces that will decrease parking by half.... It happens.
My email has been sent from California. Godspeed Cleetus!  I am hoping that the outpouring of support from all over the US and even other countries helps protect the Freedom Factory and Bradenton Motorsports Park from having to deal with this inevitable disaster.
All that board thinks of is tax money there not getting from you. Soon as the complaints come in, they will shut you down weather you put wall up or not.
Never ends, I will be emailing my support, I wish you luck.
Would it be worthwhile for us Canadians who support all these content creators to email as well you think?
I wish i could come and support in real life. But i am from Amsterdam, the Netherlands. So is there an online way of doing it as a foreigner to ?
I don't understand people who build or move into houses next to race tracks and expect it to be quiet. It's like living next to an airport, you should expect it to be loud pretty consistently.
Zoning is done to establish use and separate incompatible uses.  Rezoning on the whim of developers that only see $ signs is evil.
Outrageous no houses , agricultural land should be protected rather than developed for a profit only once !!!
Shouldn't even be going to court.... Shouldn't even be a question to  keep your race track open.... You were there first... Your neighbors have not even built their houses yet and they're already trying to kick you out.... That's not how America should be you were there first you can make all the noise you want... They should either deal with it or not move there.......
Revhead heaven who in there right mind wouldn't want to live there maybe they should sell to motoring enthusiasts it would be the greatest place to live next to sell the houses with season tickets then they can and you can Cleeter enjoy all the glory Do It For Dale good luck brother
They're about to get hit with 500k i opposes lol i hope it doesn't go through i love y'all!
The developer should pay for a new racing complex, put in a brand new strip and oval.  Developed out of downtown, develop it a little further out.
Im being serious here but would it help if you brought someone in to measure sound levels around the track including at the 25 foot boundary line with some funny cars or something going down the track? You could show that some drag cars are louder than a plane taking off, and you can’t build within half a mile of an airport!  I’m in Ireland wish I could help!
This exact thing happened local to myself at Fireball Roberts Raceway in Leland, NC. When I was young the track got opened back up and was selling out every weekend for cart/bandalero/legends racing and within a couple years the "new locals" complained enough to have it shut down. I was 15 when it closed and was waiting for the day to turn 16 so my dad could rent and let me drive a legend car but I never got the chance. I'll never forget all the fun I had there with my family
Buy the land! Lol
Just emailed them, I wish I could attend. Let us know if we can do more. Best of luck..
Run for mayor!
Can't be there in person but I will certainly send my email and rope as many people as I can to do the same
THIS MAKES ME SO MAD IT HAPPENED TO MY HOME TRACK BOTH! HOPE YOU STOP THIS RIP SOUTHLAKE SPEEDWAY
Bandimere speedway is closing and I bet you can guess what is going to replace it
The people with the most money will win, has always been that way !!!!!!!
Start a go fund me to buy the land and make trake bigger
Will support and send email from indiana!   Unfortunately in the world we live in i wouldn’t be surprised if this project is already approved. Probably paid off the commission to approve it.
I emailed all of them. keep up the good fight brother. you 100% have my support.
yeah im suspecting  they will ignore all the  oposition     and people wanting to save the track  because  money for the   building of the homes come  first always  someone  that will ruin  other peoples  fun when it  comes to cars   same  problem in norway motorsports   get shafted with  budgets  and  yet   other  sports   get the big bucks
A 7.62 meter fence would have to be a half meter thick concrete to have a snowballs chance in hell at stopping the sound coming off that track. What are the developers thinking?  it would be a good idea to build houses next to a track?  Could you not counter sue them for moving in next to you? You were there first.
I am with you 100%. Everything you said was true, I've seen it happen time and time again, developers tell planning/zoning boards that existing industry/infrastructure/etc won't be a problem but as soon as people start moving in, it's a problem - especially because they just paid top dollar for a brand new house - and it gets shut down.
Sounds like you should buy the land yourself. What can they do if you own it?
A 7.62 meter fence would have to be a half meter thick concrete to have a snowballs chance in hell at stopping the sound coming off that track. What are the developers thinking?  it would be a good idea to build houses next to a track?  Could you not counter sue them for moving in next to you? You were there first.
Defend  the FF by purchasing the property  zoned for development.....
Our country is really really on a bad path and so damn lost. Imagine having a business somewhere for 51 years and your neighbors who just moved in last week get you shut down.....
sorry buddy... you are rich and now your living in that world. I dont feel sorry for you. you and all your rich buddies hire illegals to work, Your in the exact world you need to be.
Email sent. I had to hand type everything since I couldn’t copy / paste from YouTube but it only took 6 minutes.
Emailed!
This same occurrence has happened and is happening to America’s general aviation industry which provides thousands of high paying jobs and is the birthplace of the nation’s aviation technical expertise and pilots corps. Small local airports are encroached on by developers promising tax revenue to the local government without any concern for the existing population or user base.   High density housing is built that strains the ecology and the local businesses that have  sustained the community are forced into unreasonable restrictions on their operating hours and noise emissions.   The sport of motor racing has a long history in this country and in Florida is responsible for millions in tax revenue via the tourism industry.   I ask the commission to please consider their actions carefully with a long term view and vote for the preservation of the buffer zones around highly valued property like the Freedom Factory’s and  the drag strip.
My local track is closing in 5years because of this exact reason...they built 2500 homes around our race track. Now we are screwed in 5years...no more drag racing, no more dirt track racing and no more drifting...
I sent my support! Two emails said they were invalid!   Even if we cant put a stop to this…I would start buying up properties inside the development!
I will be there 100% I want my future children to experience racing were my father an older brother introduced me to racing!
Ask Lz for help more people the better
Noise mitigation needs to be close to the source of noise. A 25ft high bund on the boundary will makes no significant difference.
yea well in their eyes whatever amount you bring in for the county with racing its nowhere near as much as 4000+ houses and residents would quite hard to win this
if they move in make it even louder at the tracks. they cant make you leave.
Email sent!
What’s the correct address for showing up in person?
Lawyer up and delay and delay and delay and delay!
All of Florida is dealing with this type of building right now.  Everyone wants to be here for obvious reasons.  Land owners are cashing out and have the opportunity to make a lot of money.  Counties want the citizens and taxes these developments bring.  Money talks.
Man all I can say is good luck but the money this company is gonna make on this is so much more than the money they used to pad the right people to get this through
Since when did the USA become like Europe? This happens all the time here in Europe. Don't know if it will help but E-mails are send (from Belgium).
So what you are saying is, we all need to go buy the houses by the race tracks when they build them so that the only people who live there are people who love the sounds of freedom at all times of the day?  I will start talking to lenders.
4500 homes in this economy will not come easy ,an it almost seems to good to be true stick to your guns keep raceing my land is not for sale
Can we start a go fund me to buy up the land?
Good luck brother! I hope it all works out in your favor! I know it’s a challenge not only for you but your family as well. Keep your head up and fighting the good fight!
Not sure if it matters that I am out of state or not (PA) but sent those emails off anyway! Seen too many local dirt tracks shut down by huge housing developments that move in and complain, enough is enough. Maybe Cleetus should buy a few acres around the track and the drag strip and build a wall of houses for racing enthusiasts that love the noise lol.
Email sent, good luck
Cletus you’re the fucking man bro I wish I still lived in Florida I would come but I’m up in PA so I will definitely send that email for you
Keep up the good fight. Have been in this fight before happy to say it's a good outcome track still running
emails sent. Best of luck
I'm not a very close follower of your channels, but I still appreciate your content. Can't make it in person, unfortunately, but I'm emailing now.
Lapeer drag way in Michigan has shipping containers 3 high and are still fighting noise problem
Buy the property
You are done  get a buy out offer
I hate to say it but the country commissioners will be lobbied by the developers maybe some under the table kick backs and also the growth of the tax dollars from all of the property taxes. Sounds grim for you!
Putting those houses is definitely gonna negatively affect  everything in more than one way. Like what happens if it gets approved and the track gets shut down because eof complaints? People who use these tracks locally may not have a place to go race anymore and might end up racing on the street instead. Something to think about for these money hungry people trying to develop every last square inch of land even in places that it's known to cause problems.
So glad I could contribute from upstate NY since I can't be there Thursday. I hope to attend some of your events in the future but currently I am only a YouTube follower. This is my favorite channel and I hope it all works out. Email sent!
GOOD LUCK
Doesn't the Grandfather Clause come into effect? Since you have been there longer.
I think unless you can prove it will significantly hurt employment in the area when the track closes, or that the town will lose significant taxes if the track closes you likely won't have much luck. I hope you succeed but large development and money generally wins.
Use the farm land to help people in need
If you take away the community's income then doesn't that lower the housing value in that area???
Emails sent from the UK my friend. Hope it helps all the best and good luck to you.
On it
With you always Brother!
Email sent!
Why don't we find out the property cost and put donations to acquire it
Get em bro
This video need to go on the main channel
I bet there are a few backhand payments been made to the planning board members 😡
SENT
UK fan here. Keep the faith!
Do I have to live the the USA
Save your local tracks we are losing so many tracks due to over growth
done. sent the email!!!
The race track was there first so it should be the developers problem not the track owner
Good luck.....my experience is they don't give two sh*ts about you, or your track. They care about the money that developer is spreading around the county.
if this is built i will pee inside of every single house as they are built
Unfortunately you are about to find out how corrupt this process is.
I’m in Clearwater this week for business, I can make it!
This happened to a drag strip near me. Bunch of Karen's shut it down after moving in next door and complaining
Suggestion from this old geezer, I’m a disabled law enforcement officer, lawyer up. Many times the Karen’s and Kens buy cheap agricultural land and make it residential. I know personally of one that is just as ridiculous. In Iowa city iowa a new development was built across the highway from their airport, yup then the Karen’s and Kens started complaining about the aircraft noise. They lost.  Kudos brotha, you’re doing a great public service by reopening that track, it keeps folk young and old from racing on public highways and streets.  I have some emails to send. 🙏❤️😎🤙
Need to start a petition ASAP
Cant help you by showing up due to i live in wisconsin, but i did email each on of them! Keep fighting the good fight brother!
This is exactly what lead to the downfall of Englishtown Raceway Park in NJ.  They built housing around the racetrack, the new property owners complained for years and finally won.  I went every summer with my dad to watch Jet Cars at Englishtown and wasn't able to do the same with my kids.  If they allow their housing project Cleet, it will only end one way!  Keep up the good fight!
I feel for your passion bro and hope this works out.    However you didnt bring financial numbers to show how much money the race track will help the town.  Over 4000 people buying homes will contribute millions more to the town than your race track will ever produce.  The wall is a joke, race cars can be heard miles away as I have experienced.   Sadly with over 500,000 "immigrants" coming over our border on a regular basis, homes have to be built.
Hey man, my wife is a senior planner project manager. She develops plans for renewable energy and is generally the bad guy in your situation. If you want I could have her look over your situation. Just send me a message and I can have her look over everything you have.
This is what killed raceway park englishtown nj
My last home was 3-4 miles from the small circle track and you could hear the races every Friday night.  I personally had no issue but just a prime example of what kills a track
Shame im in the uk would love to show up and show the support, band together boys and girls kind but firm best of luck cleet!👍
Dang that sucks dude. I can hear all the Karens now squawking like a flock of birds....TOO LOUD! SQUAWK! TOO LOUD!
This is exactly how my local track died   Rip Kansas City international raceway
Kiss your racetrack goodbye. The home builders already greased those wheels.
Create moat.  Buy all the surrounding land and you control the development.  Petrol heads only.
I sent the email!
Email is sent🤞🏼
Well, I assume that for the emails I'd have to had a US address, in that case the only way I can help is to give you my support through my words, I really hope you win this, your channel is one of the only quality youtube and social media channels that actually has good and original content, non of the clickbaity contentless videos that people are so used to consume these days, you trully are unique, you and your team. I hope you win this, but if things go bad, I'm sure you will find a way to thrive, adapt and overcome just the way you have been doing all these years, best regards from Chile!
This man got Co-Part to give him his money back, this should be a breeze! Lol
Purchase the houses next to the track and fill them with your fans!!
Yeah your track is over. Givernmnet doesn't care about you.
Email sent my brother!  Apparently, that Jason Bearden guy is no longer with them. I’ve received a delay notification twice now because it cannot be delivered.
Yes hello governmnet I'd like to build a fence around my property  Sure max 6 feet  Super wealthy donor walks in I demand him to build a fence 25 feet tall  Governmnet   Okay.
Oh my god… Cleetus is pulling a whistlin diesel… Yes.
Let me guess the totally awesome and totally free state of Florida with awesome Ron desantis is telling you what to do with your property.
Ravenswood Raceway in south Western Australia suffered from the same demise when I was young. Somehow the council approved a large retirement village to be built on the fence line of the only drag strip on the western side of Australia!! Who knows how many lives that cost from street racing in the years after
This is the issue with New England dragway and how new development has people crying that the race track that's been there for over 50 years now is loud
I grew up in Bradenton, unfortunately, there's hundreds of millions of dollars wrapped up in 4500 homes. Not only the initial upside of building and sales of the homes and land but the residual tax revenue from every home on that land. Cletus, I'm sorry man, but people will be paid off if that's what it takes to get it pushed though man. The best thing you can do is be as accommodating as possible to those homeowners when they move in.
Slovakia standing with you!
Does sending a email help if you're situated in europe?
Emails have been sent brother!
This happened to our home town tracks, our drag strip West Hampton raceway. The rich nyc ppl moved out there, complained and now the track is history. They did try a few things, swap the track dirrection, walls, but ultimately it did not work. Good luck Gerret and crew!
If they continue to not listen to reason, buy them homes adjacent to the property!
My question is: If you are not a American citizen and do not live in USA can I still mail this and be apart of the voting / will my participation be valid?
Email sent brother! It sucks that you see race tracks across the country being shut down due to this exact same thing, they develop a neighborhood right next door. You hear about "street racing" problems in any city across the country, yet they continue to shut down the places where everyone can go and legally race.
God speed cleet, wish you the best of luck in fighting this silly application
This happened to my home track 75&80 people complained it got shutdown, and it's been brought back a couple times just to be shut down again, last they tried, they didn't even start racing yet. I wish the best for you
Emailed everyone and posted on our social media.  Godspeed.  Good luck.  Keep America, America.
Emailed from the Netherlands. Not sure if it makes a difference but here's hoping..
Some advice, come from an angle of safety. Play the game of politics. If individuals can’t race on a track they will street race.
EMAIL SENT BROTHER
My local track has closed because a "tree change" couple bought a farm near the racetrack and started with the noise complaints. The most recent ruling from council was it could operate 4 days a year which is the farce that they couldn't force it to shut but they could make it impossible to operate.
Karen is gonna try to move in and ruin history
best of luck, but those developers have deep pockets, and the politicians have deep funding chests needing filled as well as greasy back handers
I bet if all the YouTubeers gathered together they could just buy the whole town🤷
Ol. cleeter taking on big money I don’t see this work for him😢.  I think his best option is to see if the developers will buy the FF or converting the FF to residential shopping
Here in Perth Australia I lived about 10km not sure what that is in miles from our local track and could still hear it, we have had all the rest close due to noise complaints sadly, so much history just wiped
I emailed them, located in Australia. I'm not sure if my opposition to this counts being international but I sent it anyway. Your channel and the freedom factory is the only form of TV I watch and look forward to, you give so much to the racing community and it would be such a shame to see the Freedom Factory close because of a damn housing estate
Why is moving the new homes and more important then keeping the race track. Or why are the new homes more important than kicking out the drug strip.
you should ask them to only do home showings during race events and see if the people still want to buy a home there. A place in wisconsin only showed the homes when the race track was shut down and the people where shocked when they moved in.
Sent to every single one buddy wishing you the best of luck from washington state!!
Got the emails sent!
The sounds of freedom should never be suppressed, Email sent!!  We lost tracks up here in NE Florida due to similar situations, enough is enough, wish I could have been there in-person for you.
Eloquently said.
I live in a rural area in Florida that has fought urban sprawl many times by doing exactly what you’re doing and it has worked. When a bunch of people show up they don’t wanna look bad and turn it down.
Yo get whistlin on this. Hell have 100000 mfers there in a minite
Buy the land and turn it into a campsite for the racetracks 😬👍🏼😬
It’s all money Garret.   They do not care about you.   They don’t care about your racetrack.   Think of all the taxes those houses are going to be paying VS just empty farmland.   You’re totally screwed.
I’d love to live by a racetrack
That wall won't work. I live on the otherside of lake manattee, on rye rd and hear the race's!!!
Why get rid of agriculture at a time when getting food is getting so expensive because of importing. This is just wild. Need to leave the tracks alone
Let’s just buy the land
It’s the FF version of Yellowstone, Cleetus needs a Beth
Unfortunately they only care about the money!! Homes=big money!
Everybody should take the day off and go theee let’s go
Sent
Wish I could drive down and tell them I dis agree with putting house up over keeping it land for wildlife
Sounds like you need to buy the land
Put this on your main channel get as many people seeing this
Make sure you come looking dressed to kill too.
Hope they don’t close the tracks. I want to come down in the next few years and do some spectator drags !
We all need to show up !!!!!!
Power up the spotlight, signal WhistlinDiesel, let’s get this thing done. Go ahead and call on Matt from Demolition Ranch as well. Fuck it, alert every YouTuber who’s ever enjoyed a good time at that track and have them all put the issue in front of the eyes of their followers. Maximize the exposure, make this about more than just the Freedom Factory, make a statement that is heard nation-wide. Got to do something to get In front of this issue so that we don’t just save the Freedom Factory only to have it happen to some other track somewhere else..
Why would you be planning on Making actions to the race tracks when you're probably doing absolutely nothing for the house in development.
email sent brother. i wish i was able to hop on a plane today to be down there tomorrow to help support in person. i wish you the best luck and stand your ground. You and victor have brought a ton of life back to bradenton and i cant wait to see how far you can make it. Aim high and keep fighting man.
"Coming to the nuisance" is an extremely compelling argument against public taking.
Yet, they wonder why kids street race. It’s ideas like this that cause kids to street race, slowly destroying all race tracks across Florida.
Oh no. I would hate to see this happen to you all.
As a floridan that lives 15 minutes from emerald coast dragway i've seen first hand the death race track twice in my life time I'll try my best to be there in support
Or or, Don't build a house near a racetrack and cry about the noise. Can you purposely move near the city dump and complain about the smell and have them remove it. No. So that The track was there 1st grandfather rules.
It seems like malicious intent to systematically devalue the property so that it could be purchased cheap in the the future with total disregard for the equity put in.
This was the death of Atlanta Dragway so hopefully they will deny the request.
This is exactly how and why Englishtown was shut down.
Emails sent. Housing developments ruin a lot of landmark facilities. A old dragstrip that had been closed for many years finally reopened several years ago due to much local backing. Even long time residents supported it. It's not a huge well known track but that wasn't the point. From a different hobby background, I shoot competitive long range. It's getting more and more difficult for perspective range owners to build because of this. (Of course there's even more safety concerns with building a range or keep one operating.) One of the owners of my home range bought the 40 acres next to the range just to keep someone else from potentially buying it then complain about the noise. Unfortunately that's what it seems to take to keep things like this from happening. Either much legal wrangling or more financial strain on a business.
Put on main channel ull have a mill views and more people knowing about this
This is the same thing that happened to raceway in new jersey track had been there for years and once they build condos close to the track so many people started to complain that they couldn't function due to the noise. I mean fucking do your research around the property before you buy your home
We lost our drag strip just a few years back for this same reason
Why do they think it’s smart to build houses next to race tracks???? Look at laguna seca
I bet they would make you pay for that 25 ft wall too... government is annoying.
Have your speakers blaring all throughout the day when people are viewing
Email sent Garrett. All the way from Aus mate. Hope my small input can add some weight to your argument as I have enjoyed your content from the beginning of your channel, I haven’t missed a video! Keep killing it 💪🏻
Big support from Gisborne, New Zealand, HELL YEAH BROTHER!!
5 to 1... well you have 1 smart one it looks like.   Hope it saves the track.
Oh... watched the whole video lol
This needs main channel
Hey man, I hope you read this.  I’m a developer so I can offer good advice…. All these people care about is tax base.  If you can show how much tax money you bring them, including tourism money, you can win.  It’s all about showing your financial benefits to the county/city.  So call your accountant!  Nothing else matters here
Just identify as a racetrack owner. Then they can't take it without it being a hate crime
The odds are stacked against you. I don’t think you have greater than a 20% chance of coming through positive on this one! Their attorneys will nickel and dime you till you go into bankruptcy unfortunately!
Is there anything someone from Wisconsin can do to help? Is there a petition or anything I could sign?
This is builders/realtors fault. Don’t educate buyers, sell these subdivisions, and then they all complain they “didn’t know” and “it’s too loud”
Gotcha Cleetus sending emails now!!!!
Well keep voting for Republicans in Manatee County and this will continue to happen
Support Email from New York sent Brother! Together from around the world we will all do what we can to help protect The Freedom Factory & Bradenton Motorsports Park! Hope to see many people turn out for you guys in person! Wish I could be there!
4500 homes paying property tax or a track.  You're fooked.  Those homes will generate way more revenue.
RIP…follow the money bruh. Developers already paid and now they’re lining pockets up the approval chain to get their profit from another town.  Change is inevitable, suffering is optional  Way more taxes/money to be made from 3 homes per acre than agricultural land
Who builds houses next to a race track?!
had this same thing with motocross tracks here in the UK, two tracks I've known have closed from people complaining about noise AFTER they had been warned before moving in  best of luck to you
Same exact stuff happens with airfields all over the world.
Email sent
DONE
Need to get @whistlindiesal on this!!
Don't buy next to the race track if you don't like racecar noises.
Make them an offer for the land that they can't refuse. Keep the land vacant or lease it to a farmer
Email Sent Brother!!!
Can someone please purchase the land to prevent the development!?! If it was purchased, it could be better used as a "Race Resort" next door to the track(which should have been done years ago like they do out west)
Why Do People Always Gotta Fuck With Someone That’s Trying To Good Things.. Especially With How Much Money He Brings Into That Community Not Only That In The Long Run Cletus Would Bring away More Money Then All Those Houses Selling
A 25Ft wall would be massively expensive
email sent brother! im from MI so theres no way i could be there in person. i would if i could though
So every now and then the tracks sell out and bring in "tourist" that spend x amount, you sell 4500 homes and make everyone pay taxes...thats alot more money...thats how they look at it
Mate most people involved with the decision will be paid for by the developer. This is how it works out, your best bet is to get as much exposure so people not on the pay roll but have the power to do something
Cletus why don't you just buy the board of commission like everybody else does
In your description cleeter you should put the time and date and adress.
This is what happens when Liberals and their rich friends are in charge.
I wonder if the developer will suggest you all thrash and race teslas so there is no noise. God damn progress sux.
Hate to say it, but I have seen this time and time again, and you are screwed. It might not happen right away, but ultimately, the developers always get their way and racetracks lose and end up closing due to the "rules" that get stricter and stricter until the track can no longer continue.
Email sent!
Don't forget to discuss how important race tracks are for reducing street racing.  It gives a safe avenue for people to race on a track vice doing it unsafely on the streets and highways.
Sorry to say brother, but they don’t care $$$$ is all they see, and the developer has more money,seen this too many times. But we are behind you !!!
Garret, I know you hate this play as much as we do, but you’re gonna need some seriously dedicated people helping you keep that development from approval. Anyone footing a 4k home development has more money than problems, and you’re simply gonna have to make more problems than they have money.
Nah, hell no. Your tracks were there, zoned, inspected. These mutts come in and want to build their cookie cutter homes and cry because existing industry has been there for half a century. Incredible.
Would be great if cleet could buy all the land ..... what if we can help by donating to the purchase of said land
I'm so sorry to see this happening.  I'm pretty sure the state and county only see the property tax revenue of 4500 homes.
Raise hell praise Dale LET'S GOOOOO. Stop this madness.
WTH brother 🇦🇺
Good luck fella I hope you win id hate to see this turn into a shit show with the amount of effort and money you've put into it so far..
Start a Kickstarter or something, lets buy that land from those investors!
all u folks in the U.S one day off work won’t kill you get down there in numbers this is that EPA crap they would be behide it with there   bullshit carbon laws  which are backed by the white house and the only way to stop is by using mass number you yanks are the best a protesting i wanna see this all the news here in aus
there trying to kill our sport hope u guys can keep these tracks open even if we do end up racing battery cars in the future
I'm sorry Garrett I don't know you personally but as a fan I know you have worked very hard an put a lot of money into bringing the track back to life I hope we can all band together to stop this from happening
Email sent! Has to be stopped now. We have an airport that's been here since 1929 and people move in or build near it and than complain about the noise, knowing full well the airport was there. Stay strong, we support you!
$2500-3000 just in property tax on 4500 homes is 11-14 million the county plans to rake in annually, and thats 4500 families eating at restaurants and shopping at local businesses. Need to bring annual attendance numbers and estimated revenue for the tracks to the table because these people only speak in dollars. The local hotel owners should be standing with you because they will be losing business also.
This saddens me so much. Sadly some one, or some ones on the Council will get a kick back to approve this. Politics at its finest. I hope you win the fight. Good luck Cleeter. Fight with everything you have.
In the last 15 years my local drag strip, go kart track, dirt track and oval track have all been bulldozed to build houses. I hope your celebrity gives you the power to face this because there's more tax collectors and contractors than there are racers.
Buy the properties, and rent them to car enthusiast, or make them airbnb’s … so you can be a professional racecar driver, youTuber philanthropist, and a landlord!!!🎉😅
Get em’ Cleet!
Well spoken.
I'll be emailing all
Dropped an opposition message from Finland. Most likely does not count officially, but just to give you the overseas support :-)
You need someone to find something endangered on their property and get it shut down
Email sent I hope it helps.   Can't wait to come back to the freedom factory.
Man that sucks.  Def how a race track dies.  Have to put mufflers on your cars to start then escalates from there :/.  Money talks unfortunately 😕
WhistlinDiesel  subs get onboard.
emailed.
I don’t think he knows what he just asked to have people show up on Thursday.
This has me riled uo
Emailed ☑️
Theyre gonna hear it for miles depending what you have there.  I live about 10-15  miles from world wide technology raceway, and there's days I can hear the cars rip down the strip. Not street cars tho, Mainly funny cars, things that can do a quarter in less than 7s. I hope you're track doesn't shut down. You've brought soooo much to the car and racing world. Good luck with it!
Capitol Raceway, a 1/4 mile drag racing facility, had the same problem. Capitol Raceway is still located in Anne Arundel County MD. Developers also wanted to build homes next to the racetrack without any sound abatement. Their project was approved and just like you surmise, the new residents went to the county to get the racetrack closed. The county ultimately ruled that the new residents were aware that there was a racetrack there and that the racetrack had been in operation for decades before the homes were built, and could continue to operate at that location.
Those sons of bitches know what they doing and when track closes, and street racing starts, they complain and ask why no track. Smh. Good luck cletus, thats gonna be a long battle.
email sent brotha !
We lost 4 drag strips in my state in the last 10 years in my state. We are down to only 3 in the whole state now, they all disappeared for this very reason. .
My local track shut down a few years ago due to people complaining about the noise.
Imagine if the tracks get shut down, how much of it will we take to the streets? Keep our tracks alive and well!
Have the same problem up in Marion County right now next to our property. Seems to be all of Florida.
Wish I could help here from the UK. Wishing you the best of luck with this
Email sent hope ot helps buddy
Good luck form Australia........
Allowing this to happen is the fastest way to destroy race tracks.
Talk to Luke fink
Hope you get a big turnout
This happened to us here in WA state a few years ago with PIR. People bought/built homes right near the track and then bitched about the noise. Now PIR has to cut events short, and it's exactly how you described it. Half the time I don't even know if PIR is gonna be open, because the time constraints they work under to hold events is ridiculous. People don't wanna take accountability for their actions anymore, and they make everything someone else's problem. You make the choice to move next to a racetrack and then act surprised when there's noise. And for crying out loud, is some noise on weekends that big of a deal? Like, how much does it really disrupt your life to where you can't function as a human being? Always the track's problem, and they've been there since before half these neighborhoods even existed.  And as a side note, I live in Tacoma WA, and we have a paper mill here. I don't know if you've ever smelled a paper mill, but that smell you get in a port-o-potty that's half shit and half mystery smell, the mystery smell is wet paper. Wet paper smells like shit. People still move here, and people still bitch about the paper mill, and yet the paper mill is still around. Yet people move next to a track, and all of a sudden the track's gotta go because it's noisy.
Let's buy more land and create a thick green area that could guarantee them a little more silence. Make a go fund me. Could even collaborate with a non profit to plant the trees. You can count on my email.
I live on long Island in ny, where we have zero racetracks due to this exact reason. They've all been shut down from New community's sound ordinances.
Can i do this from germany
That’s how they killed our local dirt track, they built housing basically right on top the track and we knew what was coming next.We need to save the freedom factory!!!!!
Emails sent hope it helps brother!
Email sent. Just copy and paste!
Sent the email  Good luck in the fight !
This is gonna suck but hey if they approve it then it’s time to go big and get the biggest event going before that track gets forced to close
This was an issue with my outdoor club quite a few years ago. There were ranges that existed for many years, houses were put up, then the noise was an issue. Then they complained shot was hitting their houses. They tried to close the club down due to poor planning.
It's horrible with these developers are doing to this great state of Florida. I've lived in the same town the majority of my life and the traffic has become unbearable. My neighborhood is full of California New York Massachusetts license plates. I miss the cow fields
It's Yellowstone but in Florida. Fight fight fight, man. Email sent.
Post this on the main channel 💪🏼
Emailed and sent! We are having this same issue right now with greatlakes Dragaway. It’s slowly dying from the curfews and lack of attendance.
Great speech dude. If you need to , ask fans to come and vouch..
I know, we could start a gofundme page and donate some pocket change and we all coulf buy the land beside the racetrack?
Too many times do stupid people build houses next to noisy places like airports and race tracks, move in to them, and then complain about the noise.  Absolutely stupid people.
done
4500 homes is absolutely insane.
Sadly in the long run they are looking at the tax money they will be making when those houses are built. The bottom line is the money they are hoping to make outweigh the tax dollars they make off of just two race tracks.
Support a legend in the making 🔥🤘🏻
Sent whooooo
Wow, brain dead people, lets build right next to a race track,  I could never understand this retarded behavior.  The same goes for airports these areas should be left as ag, or industrial zones
I wish I had the money to move there if they put the new homes in I’d be the supporting neighbor and be there every weekend and help fight to keep the tracks!
emails sent.
See let the racing be non stop. When they sell the houses they’ll hear it and only the people who don’t care will buy them.  Problem solved. 24/7 12 months a year spectator drags to save the raceway.
Can a non US citizen help in any way?
Buy the land haha :) have every one of your fans donate 5$ :)
Sent! Good luck brother
this happened in melbourne aus, at calder park, it used to be so active until the houses went up, then it was noise complaints flat out, now unless your car has a roadworthy exhaust your not allowed on track, witht the exception of a couple of nights a year they run with the andra drags but even that im not actually sure it runs their any more to be honest because i moved away from their im now in rural vic. when i was growing up i could hear it from my house that was 6.5km away and i loved it, but now their are houses basically bording right on it, its so stupid their is so much empty land to build houses on here and they build next to the track and ruin it then the same people complain about hoons on the roads when they activly attack the only places we can go to get off the road and have fun. i really do wish i grew up in the 50s or something, life would have been so much more fun as a petrol head before all the nanny laws
The county is trying to put a bunch of LowLife-Leftist trash in that development.
If you need some more ammo, Osceola dragway in Osceola indiana recently closed due to neighbors complaining.
Good Luck from Germany👍
i live in mass can i help?
Earth banks/ levees work well for noises stops sound and vibration  Cheers Gary
damn, sad to see ff go down this way
exploit them plant soy my dude.
I can't make it but I have emailed the above, with my oppostion of this plan, I might be in the uk, and I weould miss the races and antics from both. you rock Cleet and good luck
Put signs up racer living only enjoy all the vroom vroom sounds. Then don't close just because they complain. Don't close cause someone says u have to. Don't let them encroach on your dreams.
Classic florida developer and farmer move. Sell the land and build houses. I am tired of seeing the land being turned into houses. Good luck and I hope they listen to you.
They don’t care they have short hair.
We need @whistlindiesel 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
No different than the idiots who move next to an airport and then complain about the noise.  Look at Santa Monica airport and how they ended up shortening the runway to essentially curb jet traffic.  All because people complained.
cant make it there from Massachusetts on thrusday email sent
Why dont you offer to buy the property double what they bought it for. Im sure we could raise enough money to make it happen!
I tried to email them and the blocked me email
Save the freedom factory
sounds like youre fucked cleeter. if you do the math real quick, 4500 homes at 600k each is a minimum of a 2.7 billion dollar deal. now work out the tax on that ,  and then property rates etc,  theres too much money to be made for the government to not allow this to pass. Theres no way your little race track is going to survive against that.
Im sorry cleetus but you need to watch a guy named Direct D he goes to these city council meetings and he gets what he wants without having to ask. Or ask whistling diesel to tell his people to come lol they will be there
I sent my emails. Love from New Zealand!
Hey Cleetus idk if you will see this but look up atco drag way in New Jersey that has been there forever one of the oldest standing rase tracks in the world they built a need development across the street sold all the houses in the fall and winter so come spring when all the cars went down the track they complained. They tried to but that brick wall right behind the burnout box but it just bounces off and echos right back into the woods I love racing and the culture behind it and that’s the closes track to me and they been trying to get it shut down for years and it’s just head aches. I live you mission and what your doing for the people and your track keep up the good work and get them building out of there ❤
Emailed!
This shit makes me sick, how can people just move in and shut down a track that’s been their for years.
Cletus, bring some star power to help. Get Travis Pastrana, Brian Deegan, and all of the Nascar drivers to help you. Have then explain the impact of your track.
Might need to have everyone you know buy all the lots that border the track and build NOTHING on them?
This is almost exactly happened to KCIR dragstrip here in MO. After they built the high end houses. They pushed and won to have track shut down because of the noise.  Money will always have the power to take whatever they want.
Can people from outside the US 🇺🇸 get involved and show support for the tracks?
Remind them where their steak grows, crops, horticultural. Losing ag land for house's when food prices going up due to having to ship in long distance. We've lost lots of ag land to developing and also lost some history making race tracks here in New Zealand. We support ya cleeter 🤘🏻👍🏻🇳🇿🏁
becareful with those delevelopers bro they will do anything to get their houses up. get friendly with the board asap
hope it works out
Being from Belgium, I hope you get a very large amount of people there to prove to them the importance. This indeed is exactly how race tracks and motocross tracks and so on here have also shut down, "cheaper" land/homes because they're close to a race track and then those people start complaining about noise. Unfortunately, likely the people voting for the project have a 'finger in the butter' as we say here. They're likely linked to the project somehow and get a nice amount of money if the project gets approved and completed..
invite them out and let them hear your cars. then they can hear the true volume they are dealing with
This same thing happened in Charlotte, NC. Shuffletown was a very popular place to go until people moved close to it and complained that it was to loud. Because of that Shuffletown is no more just memories of a great time that was ruined because of a bunch of people cried.
Are u still wavinf that stupid American flag around now? They American govt is about to shut u down. U might win for now, bit you'll lose in the end. The tracks always lose in the end
I have a funny feeling there's going to be alot more people than they're thinking there will be, and that is a great thing
This exact thing is a big part of how Houston Raceway met it's demise. I would go to the meeting if it were possible, but I did send a lengthy email with my thoughts (professionally) and I wish y'all the best of luck with this.
Same thing happen to lakeland  Neighbors was complaining now they'll build a Amazon warehouse🤦
Good luck guys, the government will try to squash anything that is good for a buck.
Here's an idea that might be able to keep everybody happy: the developer can establish rentable accommodations on the nearest land which will be primarily targeted towards patrons of either race track. Freedom factory and Bradenton can offer promotional packages for these. Properties located within the sound area of the track are never allowed to be owned by individual owners, they are only to be rented.  Otherwise fuck that goddamn developer they know what they're doing
I’m sorry, but you better make a plan B. Worldwide there is a movement that is trying to destroy all we love. It sounds like a conspiracy theory, but please believe me, it is real! To be short, it would surprise me if it’s going to be disapproved.
Emailed. Good luck Garrett!
Cletus for governor!
God I hope people can get off and show up, they can see how strong the community is
I will pray it goes your way.
tracks in general, specially the freedom factory give people places to do crazy stuff without risk to the general population. giving people a safe place to do burnouts, dounuts and drive fast is more important then 4000 plus homes
Emails se t.  Hopefully they will read it.  I kept it short and to the point.  If I can come down I will.  Not our track they are not.
Please everyone show up and show as much respect as possible!!!!!!!!!!
world economic forum announced their going to get rid of all cars ,t's agenda21 ,agenda 2030  look it up
Well they are the second ones to come so they should adjust to what is already there, not the other way around !?
🤣🤣 Best racetrack in the country 🤣🤣 delusional also making out like you own part of the drag strip was lame all this "we" you mean Victor 🥲
Would love to come and help support unfortunately I am in PA however I will be there in spirit and send some emails!
Duo you need to be a Manatee County resident to send an email?
Hopefully all goes well
They do this shit at 9am on a Thursday because they know the normal working class can’t make it to protest. It’s ridiculous.
I dont live in the states, nor am I American but fuck it, I'll sign it.
Will email!
Emails sent Brother
See if you can get Ross and Danny to help spread the word
Well said mate! We have the same issue here in Australia 🇦🇺. You are not only a national Ambassador but an international ambassador for all thing racing. I hope you are successful in this and it opens up more ways to compete against these larger developers and corporations.
Haven't made it to an event (or won a Giveaway F150 Come to me lol) living in VA as of yet but, not only does this cause issues for local and traveling racers but look at the value of being able to watch and enjoy the live or recorded content which in turn boosts revenue and taxes for the area etc. So I have sent and have reached out to all of my racing and car enthusiast buddies from around the country to send an email as well. We have a local Circle Track in my Hometown area (Larry King Law's Langley Speedway) that has been close to going under before but not from the same situation and we as a group of responsible racers and motorsports enthusiasts have to stick together as our tracks and even the ability to purchase and modify our platforms are becoming more under attack.
I'd hope 100,000 people show up to this  Honestly I would if I lived in 'merica
all them back handers to the state from developers  officials so corrupt !! very well said cleet!!
Not being a US resident, would it even make sense to help out and email those people that I oppose?
Goodwood motor racing circuit is up the road from me. They've just built expensive house's right next to it. I hope they don't close it down because of some stupid people.
YELLOWSTONE RACE TRACK EDITION
Wish we could’ve done more to save Atlanta, make sure you show up or email
Sent from Pa. Good luck My son (USAF) and I watch you all the time. He is in the Air Force and its a great way for us to bond even with him being so far away. Thanks for all you do and God Bless
I’ve emailed! From Scotland 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Wont allow copy
The people who have the agricultural land (bought for cheap) only see huge profits converting it into urban land and sell it for huge margins. Those margins are so high that they also fund local politics.. Do not call it bribe, but if it sounds and walks like a duck.. So local politics are mostly only interested in 2 things. Money and being reelected. The latter is where all the local people will have to come and and oppose this bill. Without the huge support they don't feel like their reelection is compromised and then the money talks.
It's a wall today but they're going to try to shut you down eventually... Unfortunately places all around the country lose these lawsuits Tracks have been there active for 50 years and he buys it to build a housing development and oh well let's go to be loud yeah no shit why'd you buy it... Doesn't matter it's for the greater go to the public so they can do whatever they want.  It's going to be hard to prove that you're more valuable than 4,500 homes. One thing that might be able to save you is that's going to be an increase on the city or the county for roads and schools and public services in that area it'll raise their costs to have you know roughly 10 to 15,000 people move into that area permanently. Obviously they'll be getting that tax bonus but you need to argue that you're going to bring in your crowd size and bring it outside money and it's going to be all profits for the city.  Maybe get some partnerships with hotels and restaurants and gas stations in the area for all of your ticket holders to get some sort of a discount or a promo so that you can leave a larger footprint.
Does it matter if we don't live local? Can we still send the email?
Email sent and wish that I could be there in person tomorrow but not possible.
I heard through coopers channel a couple months back about this proposal and thoughts went to home owner complaints ,it could limit the hours of use  also the days of use in turn hurting business owners.🇦🇺
Shit man. We know you will keep fighting it, hopefully you can get a lot of knowledgeable people to help you.
Goodluck cleet from Australia 🤞🤞
Out this on the main channel
my email has been sent brother!
I hope they receive 150.000 emails 😂
Emails will be sent my friend, I hope for the best I love that place
Can someone copy and paste it here in comments so I can copy and paste it into my gmail thank you and lets get this dropped.
This is the exact situation that occurred and eventually led to the death of Raceway Park in Englishtown, NJ.
Cant have shit in florida
Garrett: The city only cares about one thing: Tax dollars. And if those 4,000 new homes will bring in more tax dollars than your racetrack does (and they will by far), you have no chance at all. I am sorry and I am NOT siding with them.
Tracks stop street racing
I'm from the UK and I've sent my email to oppose this outright ridiculous plan. We had it happen here local to me a small drag strip (Shakespeare County Raceway)  is nothing but a distant memory now with houses being built on the land!
If an individual has a piece of agricultural bland and wants to build themselves a home, they will always turn it down. Why should this change in use be allowed so that a big firm can make a huge profit while bankrupting others! 😤
We have this issue here on Long Island. Lost all our tracks but one.
Quite a few cars are as loud as an airplane at take off and airplanes have over a mile of stop gap and a LOT more noise mitigation than a 25ft berm
Do these morons realize when they close the track the racers go to the streets here comes more street racing you dumbasses
What’s sad is this is common and it leads to race tracks shutting down because people complain about the noise
Cleet is one of the best ambassadors for Florida and bringer of joy for millions all over the globe. Visiting the Freedom Factory is bucketlist stuff for many people. I truly hope that this will not be a thing.. JC de Rover, the Netherlands.
Sad you have to "play nice" when fighting for your legacy. Guess what? They don't give a f.. being nice will backfire on you.. if your not threatening an injunction from the state government due to the fact they wanna put a 25' wall...  your done son.
Could you imagine waking up to 400k + Emails all regarding the opposition of this HAHA. they're going to see everyone opposing it and be like yeah, we cannot go through with this lol.
im with you Brother
Done and sent to  all on list . Good luck guys , support from Australia cheers👍🏆🏎🏁🇦🇺🇱🇷
This exact thing happened where I live, we had the one of the world's best motocross tracks in the UK, until people started complaining about the noise of 1-2 events a year, those people complaining managed to get tw track shut down
Every single time they decided to build homes next to a racetrack or an airport. Bunch of idiots! I bet if they could find an active volcano they tried to build next to it.
Buy the lots, name the suburb freedom-vale
I'm in the UK and I oppose the application.
Well that's like my local speedway I remember going there every race n they even had big races but someone new brought a farm within 1km or 1.6miles of the track n complained about the noise n that there wasn't anuff parking that people was parking on the side of the road to go there but no one was only there friends n family was doing it n I had amazing memories also couldn't you just show the comments on here to prove that you are actually doing a good thing for the community cause I'm guessing here but you probably bring in 100k of money every time you do a event or pretty close to it with the fans and competitors/youtubers stay at motels n buy there meals
Same thing happened down here in Fort Lauderdale Hollywood Motor Speedway got mowed over by houses you can't stop money it's the truth so sorry to hear
Email sent!
This is totally insane.
Let's all just buy those houses and problem solved.
If Diesel can get a turnout.....Buddy your about to have a city hall meeting!
My pappy has an airport he built in the 50s they built a house development right spanking beside it and he tried to make it not happen but he put up pine trees and had to get fda approved and go to court and in the end they still built them but all those people just have to deal with it he never gets noise complaints just some shitty people who vandalize. Not munch help but it’s a story
Id hate to be these email addresses right now lol!
Seen this happen to my local dirt track, Dixie Speedway in Woodstock Georgia. The compromise was cutting the PA to a lower volume at 11pm and racing stops at midnight. I hate it for you brother and my e-mails will go out today. The compromise works, but puts a lot of pressure on the promoter and does negatively impact the pace of the events. By the way, you should consider setting up a dirt track event at Dixie. Close to you and can hold about 10,000 people. It would be a gigantic success!!!
Just like airports you build one and a pack of whingers build on the boundry big money talks and if you don't have the money you're screwed  best of luck to the Cleeta mob👍🦘🇦🇺
Advertise in your area
Does it help when I send the email out of belgium I watch the livestreams 😬
Email sent, I can't make it, but I really hope it is standing room only.
As a stunter in a smaller area cops all the time try to kick us out of parking lots and warehouses. We try are best to let them let us stay. If not we say if not the lot then the streets and that usually makes them go away
Good luck guys, if anyone can fight this and get it done right it's you and Victor
This man is going to assemble the entire car community and stop a housing development .. just watch. Email sent
I used to live 3 miles in a straight line from Homestead Miami speedway and when ever there was any races going on I could hear the roaring engines as if it were right next to my house. I didn't mind it but with as close as they want to put them houses good luck owners are going to complain.
I hope every one is sending the emails!!! Please please Please 🙏
@cleetus2mcfarland20 I would ask to see the future land use plan for your area.   They are somewhat obligated to follow their plan when it comes to zoning like this.   Selecting a parcel like this and zoning out of plan could be considered spot zoning and is frowned upon in the planning community.
I’m in, my business partner I will tell as well, he’ll also write letters. Make sure all us hillbilly rednecks keep there cool though, you don’t want a bad image. My business partner may have some pull down yonder
Our local track is only allowed to run on Saturdays between I think it's 10 to 5. All cause this very scenario.
Email sent. We got your back brother!
U went to court with a t shirt and a hat and u wer gonna be a lawyer
Exactly what they are trying to do to bandimere!!! Email sent!
This is what kills gun ranges as well.  You won't win against big real estate, there is too much money on their side to grease the county to push it through, including future taxes.  Your only hope is to get a bunch of heavy metals and "salt" the earth with that and report it to the EPA about contamination, that will kill any development.
Just sent all those Emails for ya buddy and my reason why. Hope it helps even in the smallest way! We Appreciate with Passion what you do Down there all the way up here in Northeast Pennsylvania. We look foward coming down to Your Race Track and Sharing The Love for the Sport! Thanks for doing what You do!!! Sincerely Jason B.
there's a brutal amount of money involved in this kinds of deals, I'm sure there are many pockets being padded.
Your education background will help you
What they are hoping is that this new development will force you to sell the tracks. All about money.
I sent my email for support, here from Eastern Canada You got this Cleeter
Ask them to force a disclosure on every home sale in the area, just like as if they had mold, or termites,
Who else thinks it would be amazing if cleetus and jh buys that land and make it a offroad mud park with couple different tracks for sxs and dirt bikes!!!!
Rip Morosso 😢
Top gear uk supports you
Man that's tough thinking about you and your team during this challenge. You are one of my favorite you tubers. And I know you will prevail
Man going head to head with developers and investors is never successful. You need to pack those hearings with people, supporters and really get the message across
Just spent all last year fighting a development next to my house. Our lovely city administration and council chose the 10,000$ a year in property taxes on each house, over the rights l/wishes of current residents. Not to mention their own ordinances.
Cleet💯
I feel like there should be a general understanding that if someone moves into a house that is next to a disruptive place then you should not be allowed to complain about it.
I'm so sorry to see that, this exact process takes places all the time here in Europe and tracks die following the exact phenomenon you describe (complaints, change of regulations etc)...  The driving force is the profit that can be made by building (housings or whatever), and the ability to sign building permits under a somewhat opaque circuit of commissions is always nested deep within this process.  I do hope you manage to pull this out, but I've not seen it happen often...
Can't make it Thursday but I did send an email.
I feared this day would come.....
I'm in Australia so don't think it will help but I'll do it anyway. If the track closes the streets become the racetrack and put people's lives in danger, it about saftey
put this on your main channel
LAND PATENT !1 NOW  ,
I admire your efforts… This is precisely as you described it — a classic example of development creep leading to the closure of race tracks. It’s like you literally can’t build tracks far enough into the sticks; as soon as you build and cultivate a race track and it’s community, the RE developers aren’t far behind, just plotting on expanding into your land.  I wish you the best of luck… We’ve dealt with this nonsense first-hand in NJ, and it seems like in the end the local and regional governments almost always bend in the direction of big monied interests and in the direction of development. Nevertheless, I wish you guys the best of luck and success in fighting back against this creeping expansion of development in the Bradenton area. It’s such a unique and storied place.. NOT because of planned expansion of housing units.. No, absolutely not. It’s known because of its unique and strong connection to grassroots, community-level engagement and organization of auto racing and it’s fans and supporters.
In Hamburg, Germany, they built the "harbor city" with expensive houses. Then people complained about harbor noises and demand that harbor work (in one of the biggest harbors in Europe) has to be stopped at night and on weekends.  In Bremen, Germany, they also built expensive houses right in the harbour and now people complain that they can't see the harbour, because tall ships are ancored in front of their windows!  Again, in Hamburg, Germany, there are two night life and trending "in scene" areas, Reeperbahn and Schanze, where rich people moved to, because it was "cool", pushing the original residents with less income out of the area and then complaining about the night life and scene (which is why they moved there in the first place), forcing pubs and clubs to be less noisy, calling cops all the time – people don't go there anymore, the places are forced to close, the "scene" is dying, nothing of the former reasons to move there remains.  It happens everywhere. It happens at the Nürburgring – where people know that once this closes, their region will be drawn from every source of income except agriculture – and it happens with airports and all sorts of other venues.
Freaking political bs these people destroying what freedom we have left I hope cleet and all of us can break
Manatee County needs to find somewhere else to put those homes
I live 3 miles down the road from MIR and when I’m outside I hear the race cars! My sister lives even closer and she’s in the same boat. Inside with the windows and doors closed you don’t hear the track or events. Garrett is correct about sound abatement! There’s Forrest and distance and I still hear the cars.
21 silver coins pays out/ ends Any and ALL contracts..
thank you for raising this issue - email sent just now - I hope you win this battle
Ask to Imola racetrack some suggestion, also Monza racetrack have similar issue. In Italy they based defence Upon the fact that racetrack exist before houses builded around, and they are compared to commercial activity, so centrale state could not shut down by law, only limiting noise during race days, and it's a big issue also this, so they Stil fighting back the same owner that buy for cheap houses around racetrack because they are noisy. Send an e-mail and see if they can suggest something how to move, it's a try, different country and laws
Email sent
Are Ag preservation groups aware of this application?  Marine preservation groups (especially if there are streams or estuaries on that land)?   Time to team up w them.  Also, I'd present specific examples of track closures due to sprawl.  Good luck!
The problem will be that the policy makers will have vested interest in the development. Weather it’s a partial interest in the construction company,road development,infrastructure or just government funding it’s a massive amount of profit for these people. Good luck man. We don’t need more ugly subdivisions  We need places for the family to go that don’t involve looking at a damn tv screen of some kind
I live in Monroe Washington and we have the evergreen speedway in town. I live roughly 2 - 3 miles away from town and can hear race nights from the track and can hear it as if I’m next door. I love that the track is here and brings people from all around. The track is a wonderful thing for many people and our community. Keep the track as it has been here for generations and I have not. If you move next to the sun, expect to get burned or learn to live with the heat and don’t complain about it or try and change it.
Hey bud!! I’m from Norwalk Ohio another words Norwalk Raceway Park. If worse comes to worst you might want to reach out to them for some advice. I know there are a lot of homes in that area and they negotiated some type of deal with them. Hopefully it doesn’t come down to that but knowledge is power and it can’t hurt. I never miss a show luv ya!!
This is exactly why California has so few tracks (Fremont Drag Strip closed because of houses 5 miles away), good luck, fight the good fight!
Hopefully you’ve been contributing to the election funds for the deciding commissioners I’m sure the development contractor has. Money talks !
could only email three of the contacts unfortunately but it's better than nothing
They have more money, they are going to close your racetracks and then they are going to buy that property to build more houses. That´s how Amurica works, more money-better lawyers-more benefits.
Can we oppose it even if we aren’t in the USA?
Big business old Cleet, hard to beat the money that the developers stuff into the government officials pockets. I wish you luck buddy!
Omg if looks could kill that lady would have killed you
Can you try to buy the closest part of the property to have a buffer zone
That’s idiotic to put those homes there
I live i perth and our drag track is 7.7miles from my house and i can still here them from my house and the track is 10 to 15m tall limstone blocks hope it all goes well cleetus
I hope to god this doesnt get passed
Sent my emails! Let's help the Freedom Factory stay free!
Sad to see and hear that this same crap happens in the USA. Rockingham UK also has had houses built next to it.
we have the same thing in the UK, people build cheap houses near tracks, move in, complain then tracks close. its pathetic on the complainers and the councils that approve the housing.
On my way.
Sent an email to council. We need race tracks like this to keep racing safe and off the streets. Please take a minute to send your own email to these people to ensure we keep this place open.
Start go fund me   and buy the land
If it comes to the point to where they start building homes you and the guys over at Bradenton need to make signs up and post them all over by the new homes and make it overly obvious to any potential new home buyers that if they buy a home here they will have race tracks next door and hopefully when people to start to complain you guys will at least have a strong argument as to why it is not your fault.....either way good luck guys
Hate to say it, but you're screwed. They get more in taxes from those houses than you can ever bring in.
Oh I feel bad am from the U.K and ur track supports me with ur videos u do from the track. can u not do a online petition coz u have a lot of subscription people that would sign it for the right reasons  Sorry to hear about this news
When we get done fighting this can we actually fight something that is a huge threat to the a whole automotive industry which is the EPA. And I'm not talking about a dumb RPM act where I'm allowed to make a race car by my government.
Cleetus, couldnt find an email for you, but heres what I sent:  I OPPOSE   Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048    for the following reasons:   1) on behalf of the nearby racetracks, I oppose this development due to the well known issues following urban development near such establishments, which has led to the demise of many formerly successful tracks around the country;   2) on behalf of the future residents of this development, I oppose the development and sale of properties which will almost certainly be unsatisfactory and which the new residents may not be able to reasonably enjoy, due to the pre-existing associated noise, fumes, and lights from the raceways, which the suggested amelioration methods will likely not sufficiently attenuate;   2a) on behalf of the residents who will have to deal with the considerable traffic, noise, and disturbance surges which happen around events at the nearby raceway establishments;   3) on behalf of the local inhabitants, state and county, which currently derive considerable revenue from the guests attending events held at the racetracks, ranging from taxes upon sales and income to the promotion of the area around the globe through event broadcasts and participation via the Internet, making Manatee County a desirable destination for motorsport enthusiasts domestic and foreign;   3a) again on behalf of the local citizens, who may well suffer deprivation of essential services as their government will undoubtedly be spending an unprecedented amount of their tax dollars upon lawsuits from parties adversely affected by a decision to allow this unwise development, which is ultimately the responsibility of this county government;   3b) again on behalf of the local racetracks and other businesses which would be adversely affected by the loss of the tracks, such as hotels, mechanics, fuel establishments, tire shops, sign, paint and body shops, restaurants, rental car establishments, food trucks and other vendors;   3c) on behalf of the employees of the county and state, who will bear the brunt of the inevitable and constant noise and odor complaints, likely requiring increased manpower and much paperwork;   4) on behalf of all who take tremendous joy in having access, be it remote or immediate, to the incomparable excitement, noise, smell, and incredibly beneficial social stimulation that defines motorsports.   Thank you so much for your time and attention,    ...and signed it.
Is I wasn't so far away I would back you bro
I was just in Manatee county two days ago filing a THEFT report for a $1,000,000+. Had no idea.
can you make a petition ? than you can get 100k,1mil+ people to sign it. like i'm from belgium and hell i would even sign that :)
Anyone in the US able to say if it will help if emails are sent from outside the USA?
Done
Don’t let them make you go Killdozer on them!
I hate to say it but 4500 homes tax revenue probably exceeds any profit you create for the county and that alone is going to get this passed.   I wouldn't be surprised if the members are already set up to benefit from this and have a decision made up with Thursday just being a technicality.  That said, I will email.
Cleetus gonna get get it done ✔️
I can't show up in person but mailed all the way from South Africa XD. Hope you guys come right with this.
Cleetus Mcfarland .. I am  a long time watcher of your you tube videos.. I'm a Canadian and have traveled as well as my family has traveled to your amazing race track.. what pisses me off more then ever is that your not all about your self.. you do things for your community and always seem to have an eye on keeping your committee invovled  and doing things to better the community ...   man i personally can say i know how family orated this sport is not to mention your promoting to everyone not to race on the streets race on a track and your providing these amenity to your community ...  not to mention there are people out there doing drugs and drinking and driving and or killing others for street racing .... im a person that came up in a not so good of a childhood and once was a drug and a boozer .. and i can tell you if it wasn't for a good friend that showed me all about racing i wouldn't be who i am today , i would be still on the streets ... now owning my own business for 5 years steady with know work shortage i have 2 personal vehicles 2 race cars and a work fleet .. this is all because i wanted to be able to enjoy life and have these things i seen others have .. its slickening when down on the track we all are like a family and we all have each others backs.. if it wasn't for someone like your self who took a chance on making them track what they are today and investing your time and money that town would be nothing on a the map you could of picked another track you wanted that was closed and did the same for that community but you didn't .. and now that your hard earn money is bring people to that town and community they should just say know and be thankful for what u have down for the city's stores, shops I'm not sure what they are thinking .. BUT MAN SEND ME YOUR ADDRESS AND I WILL ASSURE YOUR I WILL HAVE EVERY FRIEND ,FAMIL,LOVED ONE SEND A EMAIL UNDER FREEDOM FACTORY .. HOW THEY HAVE THERE MORALS IN ALL THE WRONG PLACES AND NEED TO GIVE THERE HEADS A SHAKE
Time to find a new location to build a race track. The Native Americans killed off! As will the race tracks!!!
Best off luck bud,
Why not suggest that they use the land to build a hotel or something like that so they still generate tax income and all that? There must be somewhere else they can build these homes?
I have just sent an email from the UK. We have suffered many race tracks being closed here due the exact same reason. No idea how much effect the email will have being from the UK but I poured some heart and soul into it!
Is there anyting we can do from outside the states? Maybe a sign a petition or something? Would love to help if there is a way!
Just like some people.. move to Alaska and complain about the snow..
I'm sorry to say this, but consider your tracks closed. Firearm ranges have been dealing with this for years and you have no power. You do not bring them enough money.
Also, eliminate single family housing. Will not solve the housing crisis, only exacerbate it. Go get em Cleet.
G’day mate! Is there any way anyone from outside of America can help?
Start advertising as 'The loudest racetrack on the east coast" huge billboards and advertisements near the new development. "super loud nitro cars just minuets around the corner"
Should have looked more professional at that meeting.... I would not have taken you seriously if I was one of the officials....
This is such bullshit. Good luck, hope this gets beat.
Boy they weren’t expecting a YouTuber / lawyer with a multimillion followers we have your back
Be sure to bring up that the race track keeps cars at the racetrack and off there streets causing havok and mayhem
Email has been sent.
Switch everything to electric cars, lmao
From South Africa, our support is with you Garrett.
Email sent 😁
Following from Italy and I sent the emails too 😊
You should get the local business owners involved to say how much losing Bradenton would hurt their business.., I live in Northern Ireland so I wont be of much help but my thoughts are with you.
Welcome to Florida but we’re anything beautiful or cool will be turned in the track homes
I think there gona be a lot of people at that courthouse!!! Good luck bud
Buy the land next to the track and build your own hotel or residential area for racers and car lovers.. with direct roads to the track etc.. and footpaths safe lanes etc.. and add lots of trees etc to drown out sound
emails done mate , hope this finishes the shitfight for ya
Damn pour your life and hard work into something you and your buddys and everyone else can enjoy legally and now this crap happens.They shouldn't be able to come In and build houses outside their line.
Our local track shut down due to this exact situation. Good thing you have a law background
YOU ARE GOING TO GET SCREWED OUT OF YOUR LAND, THAT YOU HAD FIRST, THE VERY LAND THE STATE ALREADY SAID, THATS WHERE RACETRACKS CAN BE.. THE AMOUNT OF TAXES 4500 HOMES WILL BRING FLORIDA/GOVERNMENT, THEY WILL ABSOLUTELY WIPE THEM RACETRACKS RIGHT OUT FROM UNDERNEATH YOU, THEY WILL WIN OVER THIS MONEY THEY ARE TRYING TO GET. THATS WHAT THIS IS ABOUT GARRETT, MONEY!
What people need to understand is that the developers don't just intend to make money for themselves with this current plan, they're playing the land grab long game. With the housing, the nonsensical 25ft fence measures etc. which at a glance seem like the developers are being reasonable in their proposals, the inevitable complaints, the ensuing restrictions they are engineering conditions to be in place, where operating the facilities on the land they want becomes impossible. The buildings and land lose their value because they cannot be used for their current purpose and then the developers get the land for pennies on the dollar. They nor the people whose pockets they line in order to move things along don't care one bit if profitable enterprises that consistently bring that tax dollars to the district go under. So long they get their money, get out of dodge and leave others stuck with the bill and shitty housing developments, they don't care what and how much damage they do.
Florida is over building homes, wiped out all our lots in northport
I'm from Nz, and you've really impacted me and helped me understand that if you really put your mind to it, you can achieve alot and The Freedom Factory is just one of many definitions, and it brings so many people together and joy and ideas, I really hope you guys make your voices heard for Cleetus and everyone who enjoys racing
This is America.
The exact same thing has happened in Auckland NZ - Western Springs, Waikaraka Park, Pukekohe Raceway - all started in rural/industrial areas, then got surrounded by residential developments who KNEW they were buying houses next to race tracks, and still complained.
All done. Emails have been sent.
Emailed from UK
It's over for the freedom factory
Email out, love from Holland!
Email sent Cleet!  Had the same issue with a Millwork Shop where I worked.  County instated the same "berm" with zero effect on noise control.  Homeowners adjacent complained often.  Best of luck!
Good luck! Really hope the track will stay! I actually have plans to travel to freedom factory in some years. Greetings from Norway!
Sent an email from north east Arkansas
You guys have all my support from France
Buy the land and build a jet boat race track and "drag strip". Build buildings  for YouTubers to move in, like B is for build..... 😁😁😁
sent  Esteemed members of the Council and Planning Commission,   I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048.   Furthermore, if you do decide to approve this application, I move that each and every future homeowner and tenant be made aware of the situation, and made to sign a waiver regarding the right to make noise complaints against the dragstrip and the race track at any point in the future, since they were aware of the situation they willingly and knowingly moved in next to them.   Kind regards,  RMO van Vliet, (postal code) The Netherlands  Good luck, Garrett! I wish I could be there tomorrow, but alas...
Shuffle Town Dragway 1/8 mile in Charlotte NC 1958-1992 shut down for the same reason. I miss going there. Solidarity brother!
i hope it's not approved but all the county sees is $$$
We have a similar issues here in the UK; right now there is a famous bar in Manchester that has launched many famous musicians and bands over the last 40-odd years. It’s a city centre venue that is often open until 3am. The warehouse next door was converted to apartments and now one of the residents, despite knowing that the bar existed and it’s operating hours before he moved in, has lodged a noise abatement complaint with the local authority who are duty bound to action it, which likely see the closure of the bar…makes me sick that people are so short-sighted when it comes to existing businesses. A bar (or racetrack!) wouldn’t be approved to be built next to residential properties, so why is the opposite allowed?
Pov we all move in so there cant be complaints
I'm from New Jersey losers took our track away that was there since the 1950s it horrible people don't care they just want quiet. Englishtown raceway park
People buy cheap land and then complain about the noise/smell/view.....  Don't buy cheap crap land near a racetrack if you don't like noise ;-)
I hope they get flooded with emails. Please help save our race cars and race tracks now.
Try reaching out to Gov Desantis!
I wish I was able to oppose this to support the race track, however I live in the UK. If there is any way for global supporters of the race track to help please let us know. The community based around the race tracks has been such an inspiration to so many over the last few years as we have watched the race track develop and thrive. Globally we have been through a rough few years and the online content that is regularly created at these locations provides much needed escape from day to day struggles. To lose that would be a massive loss to myself and the whole race community both online and in person. I am confident that if you were to have a petition showing  the global support from all of the tracks supporters it will not be ignored regardless of geographical location. Best of luck!
i send an email to them. kind regards from the netherlands cleetus
Where can I send a message for them to not allow this proposed zoning change?
Track closed a long time ago in my area because of all the new housing development.
They did this to a very small county fairground in my area. Held world renowned bull riding championships and they decided to build next door, and included disclaimers for homebuyers...they bought, they complained, they shut it down.  It was open 1 weekend a year. Good luck Garrett.
I sent an email to everyone I could. wish I could be there in person. We are currently going through a similar situation at my home track in perris ca. they want to do a construction project that would destroy our track. Both tracks will get through this tho!!!
Why do people move next to the track if teay know that Teay won’t like it ……
This is exactly what killed Myrtle Beach Speedway a classic NASCAR track.
I live 5-6 miles away from Las Vegas motor speedway. We have the air force base between us, and I still hear the race cars! I love it personally! Hope all goes well for you guys!
The urban sprawl has reached Radiator Springs. You got this Stickers.
Will they consider about e mails from countries outside us?
I have a motorcycle speedway track very close to me I love it followed them my whole life berwick bandits. But some people just moved in close knowing what it is and how long it has been there and started to complain 🤣 they're wanting a curfew and certain race days in place only
I’m from Australia can I send an email?
Definitely make up a case for the safety and getting folks out racing in the streets with events like spectator races. There's always complaints about people racing in the streets, yet they don't support places to do it legally.  Can't do much from Ireland but you have all our support!
This is ridiculous, the Tracks were put out in the Boonies for a good reason, now greedy landowner want to change usage and make millions out of shitty farmland.  You guys have to get some sort of legal framework or agreement involved with the county and this development (if it goes ahead) to stop any future complaints closing the tracks down. Maybe that will be enough to stop the build, as nobody will want to sign that sort of disclaimer when buying a property? Hopefully the developers go bust over the whole deal?  A 25 foot berm may abate the noise slightly, but it won't cut the noise completely, and that drag strip is noisy.
Sent all of it in 👍🏽 can’t see that place go down…
Berms would be a huge help
This needs to be on the main channel
Email sent, good luck Garrett
Buy some of the adjacent land? Gonna have to fight somehow.
Buy some of the adjacent land? Gonna have to fight somehow.
I love in Germany so I can't show up obviously. I hope ppl get there asses up and actually show up there, email is not enough.
Email sent from Utah. Hope to keep watching your amazing videos on the track. Love the races!
I’m sorry, Garrett….. I wager to say that the developers have already filled some pockets and you may be fighting a losing battle….. I definitely hope I’m wrong though!!
I’m from Australia and I worked for a small engineering company that had been in the same spot for 102 years. Their property was miles from any residential areas. Years go buy properties get closer and closer. I started there in the 96th year. Within 4 years of me working there the company I was working for lost a couple court cases that we could no longer run 3 shifts. We had day, arvo and night shift. Worked around the clock. Total of 75 employees across three shifts. We lost and the business suffered. We had to lay off 2/3rds of the employees and cut back on work. The business suffered and nearly went bust. I no longer work there but I know it’s still suffering. Fingers crossed mate you succeed and win. I’ll yell out “ HELL YEA BROTHER “ for ya from here in aus. Head up mate push it hard and get that win keep the tracks open 🤙
Same thing has been happening for years in Italy at the legendary Imola racetrack, people build houses next to racetracks that have been originally built away from everyone and everything and complain about the noise, the sad thing is that these people are winning the case.
I think you should buy the houses they build and make it a cleetus sanctuary next to the track and make bed breakfast like the nurburgring.....build it they will come 👍 Good luck on this situation brother 💪
Sorry about this Cleetus ! Unfortunately they want the tax money from 4500 homes ! Good luck !
Emails sent to all!
It's a classic case of overpopulation. It's happening here in Australia. They're proposing more housing estates and building them next to race tracks, racing facilities etc. And those tracks and facilities get shut down. And the government's, councils and other departments wonder why it gets taken to the streets. Stop building next to and buying out racetracks. And this problem won't have to happen.
The same has applied to our local music venue. It was out in the sticks then they built homes around it. Now they can only play shows at certain times
Our local dirt track had the same issues. Got shut down from new housing about 3 miles away. The track was there for many years, then got shut down about 2 years after the housing was completed
Gotta love how they can screw you. "We just moved here, we want you gone"
One of the big issues with housing development is sewage. Maybe there is an environmental angle associated with that. Where I'm at the rules were recently changed from a simple cesspool to leaching fields so a $10,000 option now becomes a $30,000 option all in the name of protecting the environment. Make it more expensive for them to build. Keep chipping away at the profitability and maybe they'll give up. I just feel like that we need a racetrack it's been here forever argument won't hold up long enough. You've got to find a side angle to attack this from maybe multiple side angles to make it more effort than it's worth to the Developers.
Sound carries, a 25' wall isn't going to stop the resident in those proposed homes from hearing the cars.  If the houses are built, there will come a time not long after when there will be an application to restrict noise levels and/or race days and/or race durations, and/or there will be restrictions on the TOD racing is allowed, e.g., not at night.  Thin end of the wedge.  Good luck
Partner with them. make a neighborhood of car people. Let that be what keep the track going. Give people a live and race type package to live in the houses next to the track.
Hope you can beat it.  I know how it is because I own a cattle ranch in Louisiana and this land and all surrounding land has been agricultural land for hundreds of years and now one of the former owners of part of it is turning his part into home property and I have had people complain about my cows 🐄 and the fact that they wake them up in the middle of the night. I tell them tough titty I’ve been here way longer than anyone else
Just what Fla needs. Are streets are jamed. The trash on the side of the road. All the blue state pips are moving to fla. I'm sorry garret but your screwed. It all about money. 💰
Someone with lots and lots of money is trying to develop that property and throwing every trick in the book at you and I wouldn’t be a bit surprised if there will be some payoffs along the way also if there hasn’t already been. I’m thinking there already has with the amount of votes it received in favor of it. Especially since you said the land was basically designated to remain in its natural state.
Sound walls deflect noise with some noise reduction but the people that get the deflection will complain.
Could someone please let me know if emailing from Australia will have any effect? If so - email will be sent in 30mins. (Gotta eat first! Haha) Best of luck! I genuinely hope you all get this opposed, We've all seen tracks die to this kind of situation! Even here in Melbourne where I live it's happened!
Buy them out bro
This is exactly how refinery's, race tracks and industry die !
Hey let's build homes next to a race track almost like they are trying to get the race tracks to shut down on purpose it makes me sick why ruin other people's fun
push how you help eliminate street take over events by providing a space for events
In all honesty you probably have nothing to worry about for awhile...The housing market is going to crash and development companies are already tightening up or ceasing construction all together on many of their developments. Look at Vegas and palm springs for example....lots of half build homes sitting right now...its going to be rough. No one is developing anything for a bit.
I have been saving for 3 years so far just to buy a plane ticket for my first out of country experience in hope to come and join one of the freedom factory, and Bradenton motorsport park’s events next year. We in South Africa have no more racetracks with this passion. All of them have closed down which is sad. I hope for their best judgement not to do what other failing countries like ours do as it impacts the Sport & Countries immensely and leaves us stranded to seek opportunities and safe places to enjoy our sport. We in South Africa with the closing down of tracks resorted back to street events which Is unsafe for everyone partaking TRACKS LIKE THE FREEDOM FACTORY SAVES LIFES. Email has been sent brother hope it helps.
Done sir! Message sent
Email sent.
You need to continue to make your argument about the level of tourism your race tracks actually bring. Tens of thousands of tourists means millions and millions of tourism dollars which directly affects the community in a massive positive way. Talking about the racetracks being legendary is cool, but that’s not what they care about, they care about the bottom line… which is in your benefit, because the bottom line is you guys bring millions of dollars into the community. Everyone that travels to your events has to have a place to stay, has to get gas, has to eat at local restaurants, they’ll shop in local stores while they’re there, etc etc etc… PUSH THE TOURISM ASPECT!!!!! It’s your strongest weapon in this.
Dang if I had a couple days. I would have come from NYS to be there.
Call in people like Vaughn and whatnot.  Get some big guys in there to show the representation.  I get it. Florida needs housing.    But not at the expense of others.
Can you post that somewhere where its lets us copy paste it? Wont let me copy it on moblie
I sent the email!!
Emails were just sent out hell yea brother
Cleetus, fight hard brother as this is how they killed the sport here in New Zealand... If I lived in America I would even do these emails, But don't see them listening to people outside the country, But sent it anyway hope it helps...
Wait your names not Cleetus ??? 🤣
If the ff gets shut down before I get to go I'm going to be pissed
Well I live in Japan 🤟🏾 and I'll support you and I'll write an email. ⛩️🇯🇵🦅🇺🇸
Anyone who can make it should go if i had the money to fly over i would
Stand strong  and keep following this……
Emails have been sent. Cleetus, i sincerely hope for and wish you the best in fighting for the tracks. If I could I would absolutely be there in person. I hope my email will help as I was as detailed as I could be while also being respectful. If you would like to have it sent to you as well to get some insight from a fan, please dont hesitate to let me know. Everything you do either at the track, in your videos, or on your ppvs mean so much to me and give me so much entertainment. Please keep doing what you're doing man. Awesome stuff. I hope you and your beautiful family, crew and friends have an awesome holiday season and I look forward to all of your content.
We have this same problem here in South Africa as well. Residential land encroaching on race tracks. Thankfully our local government has now stepped in and reissued the tracks lease after we (the local) campaigned the benefits and tourist pull of a race track.
Typically on zoning changes you need to know someone to get it swapped. Odds are people trying to build homes are connected somewhere
Sounds like precedence for coming to the nuisance. May have to sue the city for one of the damages in the end, or whatever a good lawyer could come up with.
Get the country behind this get all the influencers that have come to the freedom factory to share this whistlindiesel, HeavyDSparks ect
I'd love to live by a race truck and watch a damn show from the back yard. Guess we all cant have that luxury.
I hate to say this but stuff like this has happened here in texas, lot of good farm land lost to housing developments
Even though i live in the Netherlands i put an email in. hopefully it gets counted and otherwise you may refrence them that you get watched all over the world from you video's but also all the live streams and other pleople that make video's at the tracks. I haven't been tot the tracks yet but i plan to come to an event when i can! keep on going and even if they go ahead with the development never ever ever give up till the last second!
I Hope, you can Stop this together as a Racing/Tuning/ Car peoples Family . Sorry that i cant do anything , because i'm From Germany.  Wish you all the best of Luck , that These Race Tracks can continue the next 50+ years
Good luck Garrett.  Working in government for a county my thoughts are, bring the beneficiaries of the crowd to the table.   You are going to have a group saying they don’t want the noise and the ruckus you bring to town anyway.    So you need the hotel numbers and bring some owners to the table.  Also the local hospitality tax numbers should be public information. TAKE CREDIT FOR WHATEVER THEY USE IT TO FUND.  Without you and your racetracks barely anyone would know where Bradenton is.  (Ok I know because I have family in punta gorda and family friends in Tampa but you get the point and yes I’m trying to get them to show up)  Come in with numbers but show these people respect.  They likely got into politics to feed their ego. Help them feed it.  Say you understand bringing more homes to the county increases the tax base, but so does your crowd.   Assume an average home value for the area and calculate how much additional tax money they will collect with the development and contrast to what you think you bring in via hospitality tax on hotels.  Hell I “own” and maintain a children’s museum and a baseball stadium that’s entirely funded by hospitality tax.
You should invite Ron desantis down to the track
Here in the UK most race tracks even in the county side have a decibel limit or a no racing after a certain time... All the race tracks where built before homes encroach on them.  The home's  Should never have been built.
you can bet that the people who own this land have deep pockets and they have already spent some with the planning commision its not right nor fair but thats how big money works i know this from a personal perspective and yellow cab from texas had spent over a million dollars luckily monopolies were against federal law
Emails sent, all the way from the UK! Let's see if they take into account your global reach and what you do to brighten your viewers days.
Brother hope it all goes well
Email is sent from HOLLAND
You can hear the cars at silverstone in the UK about ten miles away usually. How far away do you think houses need to be to not hear a racetrack?
Theres a supermarket about half mile-1 mile from my house with countless homes and woodland over 25ft inbetween and can always hear cars doing burnouts or dohnuts.. I only get jelous but yeah 😂
Do I have to be a Florida resident to email the council??
And what about an agreement??? You should check officially how far the sound of the loudest vehicle or the PA system goes until its safe and compliant with a residential zone and leave all that space as a rural zone and the other area as residential. The village wins, racetrack wins and the other owners at least can build something. ??????
This is how my home track in windsor ont died miss the checker flag  would be there but I'm a Canadian finger crossed that not the fate
Email message sent! Good luck!
Because these events not only bring in funds from people traveling to the track itself, but from around the WORLD, via Cleetus' income from the Internet and other broadcast methods, the impact on the county and state taxes should the tracks fail is going to be somewhere between considerable and IMMENSE.   I strongly suggest that everyone who communicates their opposition point out how much they, individually, would spend in the state and county related to the racetrack events when they attend.  If it's on your bucket list, life list, or MakeAWish, list it!   Ex..."Im saving to go to one of these events, and I plan to spend upwards of X dollars just to be there, and then we want to buy souvenirs and merchandise and visit other parts of the area while we are there, make a real vacation of it."   Hotels, airfare, gas, food, admission, merch, parts, services, tourist purchases which promote the area.....it adds up in a huge hurry.  And it all counts!   And don't forget merch sales via internet if the state collects sales tax, even from the booths at the event.   Point out that the vast majority of people do NOT appreciate racetracks in their backyards, and that the so-called mitigation measures have been proven to fail.   Cleetus, I suggest that to defeat the potential filtering of non-local communications opposing, have people send you copies of their opposition.  Have a team member print ALL of them out and place them neatly in boxes or binders by state and country.  Your numbers will, of course, match theirs, yes?   Should we fail and this passes, suggest pushing for not only the wall AND berm of a FULL 25', AND the written acknowledgement/promise not to complain on sale or resale of properties, but a buffer of at least one third to one half the width of that property, not only to provide a sound barrier but to give the tenants a good amount of green space, trees, and maybe even a pond to enjoy. You should also push for a declaration of immunity from nuisance lawsuits based on noise or fumes from this development.   You were there first, you've made it an extremely valuable cash cow for the county and state, and you have a right to continue doing so.   If your state has a 'right to farm' law, your experts may be able to do something with that.   Another point...does the county really want the expense of dealing with the inevitable complaints and lawsuits which are going to be an ongoing pain in the butt financially, should this go through?  You have HOW MANY followers who would likely help you in your time of financial need?   Plus, if this were to go through, they should consider that not only would YOU be suing them, the residents would likely also be taking such actions against them for allowing such a problem to occur in the first place.....   Don't forget to take a video presentation in, so they can SEE how many people come to your events, can HEAR just how loud even a few cars can be, can see how much smoke a burnout competition puts up.   I'll be emailing now, but hope this is of some help.
Done! Emailed I wish i could be there for you my friend! I live in California im from El Salvador ! me and my family love you
Lmao sending 100s of thousands of messages and people to some soon to be retirees. You've got this in the bag
3 houses per acre is a lot of tax revenue.  The green agenda is diametrically opposed to motor sport.  Your only hope is buying the land
Good luck from Australia
Shame how how this bad
I live in Norway and the reason we have so few racetracks is because of the noise, and the few we have is moved so far in in the wilderness barely anyone even knows its there. Goodluck, Cleetus. Hope they dont move houses that close to the racetrack, because that will cause some issues.
I don't want to be the bearer of bad news but my gut feel is that money has already exchanged hands & there is only one inevitable outcome here.
If you have had events for over 50 years you should be eligible for historical landmark statice which will stop this encroachment in its tracks, excuse the pun.
Look up Mesa Marin Raceway. This SAME EXACT thing happened to Mesa Marin. Opened in 1977, Mesa Marin was part of NASCAR racing Series and critical to the formation of the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series. The city refused to renew the tracks conditional use permit, in 2005, following noise complaints from people living around the racetrack in housing built after the racetrack was built. Thus ending nearly 30 years of racing and varied events at Mesa Marin.
Buy all the newly built homes close to the racetrack and rent them out to your fans and people who visit
If it didn't get knocked back now there is more then likely money being thrown around and ya kind of borked
So sad it’s a long shot when you can have thousands who oppose formally, then there isn’t any for the housing development other than a few “for” the housing development to go through. So basically shows a big deep pocketed company can have sway over the majority just because they lobby more “extensively”. Layman’s terms they bribe ALOT!!!! -of officials to have the judges and court sway  the decision there way. I think If we blow this up big enough through the media  we might have a shot… Let er rip tater chip , He’ll ya Brother!! Let’s get er done folks!!! For Murica’s future racing heritage..
Update: ok sent!! On my iPhone it seemed to only allow 3 addresses at a time however I discovered after 3 addresses it needs you to press the return after each address. Don’t worry it doesn’t send it prematurely.  I’ll send the emails. No problem. EVEN though i’m a huge fan it’s actually urban sprawl I oppose most.
Can we oppose this from Australia?
I can't show in person but I sent my word in through email.
What are the odds of figuring out how to get enough people together and just make an offer to buy the land?  I'm sure that  has already been thought of, but incase not there it is.
This should be on the main channel!!!!!
Goodluck cleets! Watch them use eminent domain or some shit 🤦‍♂️. You can buy anything but it can be taken away sooooooo much easier.
Oh nooo this sucks, you need Beth from Yellowstone haha. Seriously though I hope everyone can do their part and we can stop this. FF Content is a part of my day I just don't want to go without haha I hope to one day make it to an event in Florida. Hey if 4,000+ of your subscribers just buys a home each then no worries problem solved hahaha
Your racing has kept alive racing around the world! I have a plan to get the money to get there and see the Freedom Factory.  Don't know if its gonna make any difference but I'm going to send a message too, all the way from Finland.
*Good Luck With That! Those Vultures Only See Tax $$$$$ in their Greedy Eyes;/*
You need to get everyone you know to out it on there social media and get the word out asap
Sad part is I feel like this is for nothing, developers have already greased the palms and it’s just going to get pushed thru, the local govt is going to side with the developers because “there is so much more revenue that’s going to be brought in from taxes”
I can't reach out because I'm in the UK, but I do have some crucial thoughts: *At what point is the line drawn between creating new homes and destroying American racing heritage?* For all of us in the car racing and tuning scenes, we're repeatedly told *"Keep it off the streets, take it to the tracks"...* WHAT TRACKS?! They're disappearing because property developers are putting houses too close to existing race tracks, their new residents complain, tracks get shut down, it goes back to the streets, accidents happen, people *die.*  Having racetracks isn't a privilege, it's a PUBLIC SAFETY REQUIREMENT to protect lives!
This needs to be on the main channel
We will back you up Cleet! Will the mail from the Netherlands even be some sort of legal/beneficial in court?
Git ahold of whistling desle
I'm in, Cleet. Sorry you have to deal with this.
There should be a commercial area in between the track and the homes. This will reduce the noise and bring in jobs for the new homes. The land developers won’t want to give up the bag, so finding a third-alternative is going to be the best bet.
Englishtown NJ :(
I think u should get the fans to buy the homes cleetus ,and they get free freedom factory access boom shorted
Never understood people moving next to an existing loud value and then bitch.
Get a hold of governor DeSantis.  I think he would be on your side.
I live in Australia and have been watching your channel and the rebirth of the track for years, I really wish there was more I could do to help. We wish you all the best and hope the track stays open for a very long time. Cheers Cleet
You should buy the land they want to develop lol
There’s always fucking something to throw a spanner in the works. I wish you the best of luck mate
There needs be be a zone no-one no exceptions around race track anyone can build
sorry brother but you’re right it’s the beginning of the end the politicians can’t wait to get their pockets lined with hard cash. that’s why they moved it on the politicians are going to push it then they’re gonna build up that said agricultural land put houses on it and within 10 years they’ll be house is sinking and then all the snowflakes let me guess they want you to build a 25 foot wall.
I hope y’all go crazy
Email sent from Northern Ireland.  I added all the emails and wrote quite a considerable email with respect.  Fingers crossed 🤞 we stop these homes for being developed.  ✌️✌️
Can't make it but sent my email!  Thanks to everyone that stands behind this.  These are two very awesome tracks!
Please save the Freedom !. I oppose from Japan
Cleet, is there a Skype/Zoom link for the meeting? I previously worked for T-Mobile Chicago market and specialized in Zoning and Board meetings. Would love to join via zoom.
I sent in an email. I included a story about KCIR that was shut down as a result of this exact thing. People moved in knowing they were next to a track, complained, even sued and the track had to shut down.
Developers pay off the city. 4500 homes could easily net over a billion.
Vacant land that can be turned into residential land = Land taxes = More money for the state. They're doing the same things here in Australia. People move in near the track and then complain about the noise. But then they also complain that people are drifting/ racing on the street. Its a lose - lose situation. I just hope for your sake you can at the very least get a bigger buffer zone between the tracks and the development. The county commissionners will all vote in favor of the development because it makes money for the county per house. I'm surprised they aren't trying to build as many houses as possible, thats what they do here also. Tiny houses on tiny blocks of land.
Hi Garret. Fjord Motorsport Park was supposed to be built in my county. 100% privat financed, they would upgrade the infrastructure and its location is in an already established MX track area, and on top of this it's 1 min drive from the regional airport. The council approved the track but some land would be to expropriated. They offered the land owners 4 times the value and they declined. Now these properties are nothing but wasteland. The nearest neighbours are a mile and a half away. But people as far as 4 miles complained. Then the council got reelected and they went against their own decision to let the track be built. It's utterly insane to see this happening. So in your case you're absolutely right, this is the start of the end of FF unless it's halted in their tracks. (no pun intended) Best of luck from Norway.
I live in the UK , but have been with you since this channel  started , nothing has fazed you yet in this epic ride so dig in & I hope everybody who's  seen this pitches in the emails & turns up on the day to help , long live the freedom factory & Bradenton strip !
Memphis ,Tn here Email sent Bother....... there all about money and development
I'm in Portugal so i can't help :(  Stay strong and congratz for everything
there are many examples of other racing venues that have been around for a long time, but as soon as houses were allowed to e built around them they were quickly forces to shut down, either directly or had such heavy restrictions (like noise levels and limited hours of operation) foisted upon them as to make it unworkable, i wonder if you could get some legal protection, like an injunction against any restrictions they may want to put on you. i don't know how old something gas to be to considered historical, or a landmark, if all that fails i wonder if you could make it work into the transition to electric vehicles. personally i would love to see you guys make an electric drag car, drift car, and burnout car.
Get a Fndrsr starting and buy the land 😎😎
Alright, Time to buy merch so Cleetus can buy the 2,700 acres
Email send!! Best of luck for the Freedom Factory!! Cheers from The Netherlands. 💪
Go get them Cleet!!!! Fight for what you love!!! You and your friends/family have brought so much to the community and brought literally the world together for the love of racing and anything automotive! Wish so was local to help! Best of luck and know we all support you!
Go get them Cleet!!!! Fight for what you love!!! You and your friends/family have brought so much to the community and brought literally the world together for the love of racing and anything automotive! Wish so was local to help! Best of luck and know we all support you!
They just need to not be so close. Maybe they make it longer not wider putting more land inbetween the planned houses or just don't do it.
se if you can buy the land closest to you to limit neighbors
This is currently happening at my hometown track. Houses built after the track then the homeowners are complaining. Seriously, what fricken idiots!
Good luck mate
Will emailing from another country still count?
Can’t make it in person but the emails are sent.
youve got my email opposing from harrison tennessee their gonna really see how many people really care about this all over the world
Im from the uk, so my name and vote wont count for squat. But you have my full moral and emotional support, as this exact situation has just claimed the last race track within hours of where i live.
😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞😎😎👍👍
I live 1/8 mile from a dirt race track with a 20 ft burm around it and hear it in my house.  Thankfully they only race Saturdays night so it's not bad.
You know people! You need to use all the contacts you have, get as many members of the board to come to an event. They need to see what it brings to the county. You need to talk about your channel and the reach it has the international reach you have and how it brings people there.
I know some of you might find this over the top or even insulting, but please no wheel spins etc outside the court house, please 🙏
Our Local racetrack got shutdown last year because of Land Developers. If I could come there in the flesh I would. That racetrack was also far from many houses.
I Would Oppose it too, but I am also on the other side of the world. Can we not just email them anyway?
While I can't help oppose this as I'm in the UK, not the USA and my email would not hold any weight, this situation has happened multiple times. Lots of race tracks across the country (Oulton Park, Mallory Park, Donington Park, Brands Hatch, Cadwell, Croft and Knockhill) are hampered by restrictive noise limits that came into force after new residents complained about a racetrack that they moved next to. These aren't even drag strips playing host to massive V8's with no mufflers and short pipes, they're full blown race tracks playing host to motorbikes and cars as well. This has had the knock-on effect of all of these tracks struggling to make ends meet in the long run as the noise restrictions prevent them from running every single day, they have to be careful about what events they run. It even affects the national racing series, British Super Bikes (BSB) in that at certain tracks, they teams have to run a different exhaust system to make the bikes quieter.  The most egregious example of this is Donington Park. They have super strict noise restrictons on the 'quiet' days (So much so that bone stock Ducacti's sometimes get flagged up by the noise monitoring) yet the circuit is under the flight path for East Midlands Airport.
And off my message goes. I've included in it a message about how residential development has practically killed my local area, turning it into an opioid epicenter. And I know there is an argument for Laguna Seca since development hasn't killed that track off (yet), but they've got bigger sponsors and host events for large racing organizations. I wish y'all the best of luck. Since I live in Ohio, I cannot be there, but at least they'll get my message.
My local drag strip recently closed due to these same circumstances. Subdivision gets built next to the track, homeowners complain for several years, and next thing you know it is closed down. RIP Osceola Dragway
Cleetus should have been trying to get desantis to come to an event since the day he bought it.
Get Cody on board.
If this unfortunately goes through, how do I buy a holiday home in America 😉
I'm with ya Cleet, Love from the land of the toughest cars in the world, STRAYA
I live 10Km ~ 6miles from a race track and can hear events running when outside. so yea a wall will not help much.
Cleetus. Ask them if Main Street can be used at midnight for a drag strip lol. Jk but seriously the racers need a place to go so they aren’t on the streets
why not jsut buy the land. and keep it
This race track is known worldwide.
Get a Petition
Wouldn't all those houses get flooded during hurricane season too? Or is the river not close to that area where you were helping ppl with your jet boats? I'd appose the decision but I'm from the UK so I doubt they would listen to any 1 outside the states 😕
The best way to keep racing off the streets is to keep race tracks open.
Buy all the house lots along the track side , build 2 story homes with balcony's looking back at the Drag strip = Profit. But srsly ..I hope they kill the housing plan...it never ends well for race tracks.
What about a 100 year contract with the city that the racetrack operation hours cannot be altered by and ordinance?
Cleetus, I hate to see this happening, seen it way to much, had 2 local tracks shut down because of AZZHOLES that did the same thing....I'm praying brother
our local circle/drag raceway is right next to a casino, gas stations and apartments. There is a curfew around 1am.
Dude email addresses copied and letter sent to the board.  I really hope they refuse the application and you can keep Freedom Factory open for years to come.
Up to 3 homes per acre ???? Holy shit
If you need to rebuild, I'm in, $. Americana, Bald Eagle Style and Intelligence. God bless your young family.  I'm in, $.   Imagine a thousand or more people bidding for there 10, 20, 30, foot section of a race tack. Cool and rewarding content.
I live in Perth Australia. Can foreigners help in any way? This is happening here and all over the world. If I can, I will. Definitely planning on visiting your track and would be using accommodation and local businesses whilst there. All the best from Oz.
Garrett...you're up against big money here. It's going to be tough. Your argument that automotive events bring money into the community, pails into insignificance compared to the money that this development will create. Your arguments need to be stronger than that. Plus the developer probably has relationships with various levels of government planning decision makers, whereas you don't. Good luck man...this is your biggest challenge yet.
Welcome to Florida!  All the officials in this state care about is new tax revenues and unbridled growth.  Most of the officials were not even born here.  Strip the land, build houses and more houses, Publix shopping outlets, and Wawas.  It's sad how Florida is nothing more than economic zone for others to pilfer.
It's just like airports people want airplanes but they complain about the noise then all those b******* time restrictions come after we got to save the freedom factory ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Where I live my local/state drag strip in literally a 3.2 miles away from my town/city, that distance includes the drag strip’s length, u can hear the track every Wednesday and Thursday and weekend, it’s great being able to hear my local track
We got you Cleet !!  Put those lawyer / legal skills to use !! It was your life’s mission !!
Where the fuck can I sign against this. I live in NC and this urban sprawl bullshit is awful once great quiet back roads are now jammed with traffic I hate real estate devs.
Cleetus, we are currently going through this here in Sydney Australia with Wakefield park raceway. The raceway itself is 15kms out of Goulburn, a town about halfway down to Canberra where you’ve been for Summernats, and this is exactly the same as your situation.   If you have a spare minute and read these comments, please check it out by “SAVE WAKEFIELD PARK RACEWAY”   We have had nearly 30,000 signatures for a petition to have it heard in parliament.   Sending our thoughts with you, as we know the struggle as they are trying to do the same here because of idiots moving to a racetrack and complaining. Cheers mate!
Looks like your buying 4500 homes or the Ag land
So can I do this even though I live in Australia 🇦🇺 🤔.  As a builder this is not a good idea. Like really next to a race track. Let the freedom begin brother 😎
Sent emails from the united kingdom, I tried appealing to the fact that 1) Cleet gives us so much joy with his content and that would be threatened by the development, and 2) that with these tracks being so high profile, they set a precedent by allowing the developments and other tracks worldwide will close, bringing about the end of grassroots motorsport
I got you right now.
I mean does it do any good for someone from New York to email and say they oppose it?  I will say before they knocked down the Syracuse mile, you could hear those cars miles away when they ran.  Not loud, but the sound did carry.
Houston raceway shut down!!!? I know I haven’t gone in couple of years but that is crazy to hear
RIP to the FF
As much as I don't want to see these things happen, and having lost my own local drag strip I really hate this stuff. But I'm a realist. The county, state, etc doesn't care about racetracks, they want those property tax and sales tax dollars. Because yes you are right the tracks bring money into the area, but not daily. 4300 homes, paying property tax every year, and those people spending their money daily, that's what they are after. Emailed these commissioners, and really wishing you the best of luck man, but I don't have much hope here.
3 houses to an acre is insanely dense housing. That’s more compact than a lot of places in Southern California in Los Angeles. Are they insane?
Does it help if I send those emails when Im not an American citizen and live in Europe?
Is it possible to buy it as agricultural land and promise to keep it as that ?
Lawyer up. Right now.
I hope it works out for you Cleet but I suspect killing the tracks is considered just a wonderful side affect for the developers. While your argument to save the track is reasonable, it may very well be the actual intent. Good luck
This happened to Sandown in Melbourne Aus. No houses for miles then they all built around and complained. It's terrible. Happens all the time. Show up people and behave. Good luck mate 👍
The smoke from the burnout events will have people losing their minds too.. I almost wonder if you don't need to find a way to get the money together to buy at least part of that land away from the developer to either keep it undeveloped or to build another type of race track on it.. whether a boat track or a dirt track or even a big circle track if you could get the investors for it.. but then Florida already has a couple big circle tracks so why would you need another?... other than to have you own stadium truck track... a new road course would probably go well.
Wish you the best of luck but keep in mind it's very important for the establishment to convert farmland into residential. The board has probably been paid off and they won't say it but the race track closing is probably preffered.  Makes you wonder if the party that sold it to you already knew about this 😅   Welcome to WEF world.
I’ve been from England I actually booked my £8000 holiday around the freedom 500.  Let’s hope they see sense and don’t approve them !!
Yes this happened in Napier New Zealand “Thunder Park” awesome track , great climate poof gone
Done all the way from qld the Down under Australia bother I got ur back
Email send from New Zealand. Hopefully you/we win this. I would absolutely hate to see the Freedom Factory disappear! The content that comes out of the Freedom Factory is awesome and has helped me personally get through some things.
Good luck mate although I don’t like your chances. The precedent has been set previously, just look at airfields in the LA basin
I'll support how I can But Realistically that subdivision is going to happen because those developers have hundreds of millions of dollars that they're going to make off of it and the county views all that tax revenue as a plus so they don't give a crap about our race tracks that makes them pennies what a subdivision will make them. See if you can get Ron DeSantis to help you you have a huge media following maybe you can get his help
Same thing happened to Englishtown (NJ). I, along with hundreds of other racers, packed the little city hall there in support of the track. Standing room only. There were a lot of meetings, and they did get heated at times. Comprimises were made to satisfy the residents, but NOTHING was ever good enough for them, they just kept on complaining. Homeowners that built and moved in 10 minutes ago wanted to shut down a track that has been there for 50 years. In the end, they won, the track was closed. Now the land has been leased to a junkyard (Copart?) and the people that complained about the track are now complaining about the constant truck noise rattling the windows of their homes. Made me smile when I heard about that. Hahaha, I guess we got the last laugh.
I will assume you would need to be a resident of the United States in order to appose via email?
The racetrack brings REVENUE to the county and surrounding counties, jeez...  And show how many people support the track? Cleet, you've got 3 million fans who absolutely love who you do, surely some weight gets pulled around with that
Same thing happened with Luke air force base in Phoenix. Used to be out of town far enough until the town caught up on land. The home owners tried to cancel the military... Tells you a lot.
email sendt :) i wich you all the luck :) i live in norway so its no way to just show up :) but an email is just 10 sek :)
Its the same in the UK, Mallory park used as a grass track and then tarmaced since 1955 known as the friendly circuit jump forward to the 1980's and housing developments and influx of new residents all of a sudden it was hit with a noise nuisance order and can only operate 40 days a year that testing and racing and no racing any more on a Sunday. You have got to fight it all the way because even with the noise bund they will moan about the noise and try and get you restricted am behind you all the way.
No clue if it's any good from Spain, but an Email was sent. We cannot allow FF to be closed.
A 25 foot wall sounds insane to look at behind your house
There just trying to shut the tracks domn
Lets go live near a race track... and then complain about the race track.... man people are dumb
We've got your back brother.
Maybe we can get together raise some money and buy up a good part of the land surrounding your lot.
Freedom, go murica, rght?   Imagine all the dead rolling in their Graves protecting freedoms.. The biggest lie ever sold.  Welcokm to murica. .  This fucking sucks its bulkshit
Fuk it buy a piece of land somewhere and build a new track lol
Exact the same situation here in the Netherlands with the track I used to volunteer for. Agro land changed to homes and the new homeowners/renters complained. We tested every car <85 dB(A) at 4500rpm at 1m (3 feet), even though there was no rule for that, had an engineering firm test sound levels near the homes ('facade pressure' in Dutch) although we didn't have to etc. Did warn the town about spreading out in the direction of a source of noise, still they carried on.... And now the track is fighting 10+ legal battles about it's permits...
I wish I could help but unfortunately I live 12k miles away
F the people who are going to live there
Can u put in a bid to buy the land from the owners? Or raise money?
Emails sent.
Cleeter totally live what you are doing! I’ve emailed all those addresses in support of this cause. Bros I’m in New Zealand and have seen this happen here. Love your work, love your content and also the content of many many other channels that you suggest we watch. Good luck I wish I could be there🤙
Im flying out from the uk in two hours just to get to this meeting tomorrow bradenton raceway and freedom factory is to important
The land developers and government don't give a crap about you Cleet. There is too much money in those 4500 houses.   You'd be better off trying to expose corruption and "conflicts of interest" with the government officials and land developers.
Email sent! Wish I could make it to the meeting!
Happens all the time, people move into a place near a salvage yard or a place that been there for years. Then get it shut down.    Good luck. But you won't win. They win, the money wins, the whiners win..  It's fucked up. Yup it is
this just happened in victoria bc... oldest race track in canada was shut down because of new housing developments and then noise complaints.
i would think that the horrible housing market would be enough to stop this development?
If I have a vacation day left, I'll be there. I moved from Boston to specifically be close to both of these tracks. So im going to do what I can to show up in person
I respectfully think that all this rigmarole of "county commission" and "zoning" watsits is one of the most asinine thing we've ever had in this country, however a necessary evil it is. They are the primary reason us gearheads are finding it harder and harder to find ways to gather, enjoy the symphony of power and mechanical thunder. All because they approve these hairbrained housing developments and someone gets a wild hair up where the sun ain't shining.   It is a tragedy and a farce. I sincerely hope we can do something to keep both of the tracks for years to come because it is good for the county, it is good for the city, and it is good for dreamers like me who just want to lap that historic track, just once. Let's make it happen folks!!
Coming form the Netherlands i,m not much help, but please have your voice heard. There are so many more open spaces where they can build houses.
That happened here in Australia at lakeside race way it did ruin the track. People complained about the noise when they knew they were moving next to a track. It slowly came back but not to its fullest..
Hello I've been a subscriber since you made your first video's starting with Tom bailey's sick seconds v1. I live in the UK unfortunately and would like to help more than most as you have kept me smiling when nothing else could, you kept me from being totally swallowed by darkness over the years. I appreciate you all very much I hope you can get things sorted I can't imagine anything happening to the freedom factory after all the blood sweat and tears you guys have put into it. Much love from G.Todd your biggest fan from across the pond x
Good job! Delivered the message on point, maybe that law school was worth something?
I wish i could help but I'm no us citizen 😢
Call on whistelin diesel and heavy d.
Our track here in Utah, that has been operating for 60 years, was closed due to a housing community putting their houses in and then people complaining about the noise...
Your,   not we.
Emails sent, wish I could show up but I don't get off work in time to get there. Good luck
This needs to be on the main channel already, also every media platform that you have to gain momentum. Fingers crossed from 🇦🇺 Fight for Racing Rights! 💪 MURICA
So if they shut down the track, we'll all just go streetracing instead.
It’s quite simple don’t fucking let them take your land you paid for it it’s yours it’s not fucking rocket science people
I’m from kennedale and this is exactly how their drag strip closed down, if I could afford to come I would come and help as much as I could best of luck man you’ll need it
There is a race at Bradenton going on right now. It is a SFG race 400 entry's. If you could get over to the race track on the 14th there are alot of racers there until Sunday. Explain and maybe they can start Thursdays race later and that would free up people on Thursday morning.  If someone see's this tell Cleetus. Get to Bradenton cause if the meeting is at 9:00 am I am sure people would go and as many people that are there they will ride together in the morning.  No reason the Thursdays race could not be pushed back a couple of hours and say start at 11:00 am or noon as needed.  Moroso Dragway is gone and Bradenton needs to stay.
No matter what he says there not gonna listen to him because the county wants them to build all those houses and develop all that land. The county isn't gonna lose all that income and tax revenue  all because some "redneck" in there eyes thought it was a good idea to buy the racetra knowing damn well that the last to people that bought it went bankrupt because of it lol. I mean people should go and cause a scene but honestly your prob just wasting your time lol. But if you go plese someone video it when the people start causing scenes lol.
While I may be all the way in Oregon, I believe that building the houses near the raceways is an awful decision. I sent in my email. Here is hoping that the board realizes the mistake that they would be making
You have the vehicles to show an example. Do a live demonstration during the meeting with a couple of vehicles.
Another government overreach by the sounds of it bunch of criminals
Riverside Raceway in California and Ontario Raceway disappeared because of this.
email sent from ohio!
Email Sent:   i support the bald eagle sanctuary
The city planners REALLY want to create alot of illegal streetracing on the straight road next to that racetrack
And thats one of the reasons that single family home zoning is shit
Can they pass it with the condition that the racetrack doesn't go anywhere
Sent from the United Kingdom
Save Our Race Tracks.
I still don't understand how this type of stupidity is allowed to exist. If people build/buy/move in next to a race track or anything for that matter that makes a lot of loud noise, your noise complaints should be ignored and you should be told to move. Lets build houses next to an industrial cow farm then complain about the smell so the farm has to move (people have actually tied this). Hell lets all build house next to a coal power plant and complain about the pollution to get them shut down. I know I sound harsh and a lot of people don't agree but there is a level of stupid that should not exist and should be removed from existence.
Hey Cleet  I’m in England so can’t object. Have you done your homework bud. Who is financing the project? Who is onboard from your local council and how much do they stand to make? Who is pushing this through so quickly because there must me something big in it for them or they are under pressure to do it. These questions will inform your actions going forward. You may have to expose facts or gain leverage to stand your ground. You’re in the game of politics and enterprise now bud. It’s a billion development how much are the race tracks worth???? I feel for you dude.
Its these dumbasses faults for deciding to build homes next to a race track... Wtf were they expecting...
I live in Denmark, but still, I watch races from freedom factory. Are these people aware how much impact your racetrack have, not only on the community, but in fact world wide? I WILL send e-mails, if it makes any sense when I´m not from America, could someone tell me if that would have any relevance?
why not just buy the land surrounding the track? build a hotel with balconies that over-look the track for hard-core race fans. you say you bring in 1000s of fans to your events. maybe workout a deal with the company building the houses and have a shared community clubhouse downstairs and hotel rooms upstairs. there are gated communities that have an airport... you could be the first community with a racetrack. gear-heads can move in and drive their race car from their house right to the track via private access.
The track cant die now.. I really hope someone in this committee has a heart and has enough sway to stop it.
This is what has happened to loads of tracks in the uk
Email sent. I hope the outcome is positive. I have personally made the drive from TN to Bradenton Motorsports Park for a cleetus and cars event. A 15 hour drive. I absolutely plan on making the drive again for another event in the future and do not want to see these tracks endangered. Best of luck to you Cleetus. Thanks for all you do for us.
There building homes everywhere. It's the new normal. Unfortunately.
I imagine you and your team have already considered this, but look into current sound ordinances and see if that will help your argument against this land being built on. Oh and email is sent.
No other place to build houses… idiots
Stick this video on your main channel aswell
I live next to circuito del Jarama in Spain, its an incredible and historic track and i can tell you first hand the barriers dont work. They built a luxury urban complex literally next to It and the people who moved there have zero knowledge and care for cars. The have tried to shut the track down multiple times and almost succeded allí of them, but the car community fought back very very hard and its still open, with strict regulations but still open. If they build there its just a matter of time. You have my full support. Ill help you anyway i can, im going to contact a couple of friends there and tell them how to help.
Realistically the best and most likely the only way that you're going to prevent them from dodoing your track is buying all the land around it.  I realize that that is not a very cheap statement but I would hope that you have a couple of rich friends and call it a long term investment
Emails sent!!! Pasted below what I said   I am not a Florida resident but | Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048. The risk to the racetracks adjacent to the area is high and the sport of racing is under threat already.   The Freedom Factory and Bradenton motor sports park are owned by people who have proven to be members of the community through their actions. In the recent hurricane, Garrett used his boats, time and other resources to go around helping anyone who needed it. There are many other examples of good deeds for the local community, as well as the revenue that comes from all The visitors to events. These reasons and others should be considered when making a decision on this.
I'll be sending some emails in the morning. I live in AZ but used to drive by the tracks frequently when I lived in Hidden River just a few years ago, and now my parents live in Parrish but are frequently near the properties so I'll let them know in the morning too as they're also into cars. Having been in the real estate biz for a number of years in FL, seen similar situations like this in the past
This is sickening stop getting rid of farm land!! Never should 4k homes b built on top of each other!!!! Close the borders n use birth control!
So if they're going to require a Berm and fence they're going to pay for it, RIGHT? Sadly I know the answer and this is just liberals forcing their will upon somebody else. Tracks been there over 50 years and some genius decides they want to build a subdivision around it!!!! Because guess why the land was cheap!!!!! I got a name for people like that and it's the name of my ex-wife calls me.
So does my objection count from the EU?
I work for a firm in Australia that specialize in buying land for industries in these types of situations. I'd advise looking into gathering a group of investors to purchase the land if its plausible, before the next stage of planning from council goes ahead.
Everyone slam DeSantis! Slam his Twitter.
Hope the celebrate loud noises
Emails sent. I can't believe they would even think a 25 foot bank would cut out the noise. Have they ever stood next to a highway with the sound barriers next to them? You can still hear the highway lol honestly if push comes to shove and somehow the neighborhoods get built then we may all end up being takeover kids and setting up large groups of street racing and drifting in the middle of the night near their neighborhoods. (I don't support takeovers, I take my drifting and speeding to paid track events and enjoy the freedom they allow without legal implications)
These kinds of "Zoning" changes are never good for the existing property owners, only the developers that want to rezone and build. Perfect example: My family moved to Tucker, Ga. from Decatur, Ga. in 1971. I was 13. The property is now mine as my parents are now deceased. The back yard was at the time adjacent to many hundreds of acres of woods. A developer came in and wanted the whole thing rezoned and to build hundreds if not thousands of "low income" apartments on the land. Never mind the traffic nightmare THAT would have caused! OR the impact of "less than stellar" inhabitants! The same ones that drove us out of Decatur in the first place!  I remember having to sit through late night "Planning Committee" meetings with my parents (and others) for months until the zoning was changed to "Industrial". There is now a HUGE Industrial Park there and the traffic from THAT is bad enough! Although it WAS nice when I got a job with a company there and had a five-minute-commute! I shudder to think what would have happened if those apartments had been built. We very likely would have had to move out of a just finished home! In fact, thinking about it now, I am one of the (very) few, if not the only ONE in the three adjacent neighborhoods that has lived here all this time!   I don't know if my e-mails will help, but I'm going to send them!  🤬
my email is out, Please Garrett, do not refrain from putting this on the main channel. I know and I understand why you would want to stay away from any politics or anything over there, but I believe its necessary to take as many precautions as possible for this. I watched this whole ordeal happen with Luke Fink already in Aus, I would be absolutely crushed to see the same thing happen to you, Praying for you brother.
Annoy them with petitions! Or at least grab or email your many fans, pro drivers, spectator drags guys, JH Diesel and all the other YouTubers you can muster! Being one of my favourite channels also setup an online petition also! I don’t manna miss you guys, your content is awesome! You have my vote!
The Strip could almost be considered historic land mark with how many famous racers and so many others that could have been there and done stuff there it would suck if they got it removed...
Can people from outside of the USA oppose this officially through the emails?
Great speach in the meeting Garrett! They built a ton of homes in the rural land by my house too that violated the general plan...$wins typically its such a bummer. Best of luck to you to oppose this you have my support!
If they're going to essentially break their own laws by removing Land from the agriculture land for putting in residential . They should at very least pay to put up that 25 ft fence or berm . The racetrack has been there for countless years . And new housing development should not take priority . When a housing development decides to build near to an airport , do they take the airport to court and tell them that they need to do a bunch of extra work to cut down on the sound of the airport ? No they don't because the airports are owned by the big guy not the little guy .
If I didn’t live in aus I’d be there!!!!
I love what you've done for the racing community but after this passes (and it will pass there's to much money to be made) that will spell the end of BMP and the FF unfortunately and that really sucks.  It won't happen over night but in a few years it will be over so you need to have a backup plan for when that day comes.
Idk why they wouldn't go to the 2700 acre area during drag events or freedom factory events to see just how far away you'd have to be from the tracks to not hear them or possibly be annoyed by them.
Why not buy the farm field out to the point that housing development is enough away to keep them from hearing the track,
I’m 22 The only drag strip within 6 hours of me (1hr away) have been battling this exact issue since 2014ish what it’s boiled down to now after years of fighting was that once the current owner dies the track shuts down. Sucks I grew up watching races at the track and now take my own vehicle.
Sadly this is exactly what also happens in the UK, people move in next to historic racetrack like Brands Hatch or Goodwood and proceed to complain about the noise, this in turn forces the local council to use powers to have noise limitations, this curtails most if not all activities at the circuit and reduces it's ability to generate income. Local planners look at their own income generation via local taxes for the new homes over the revenue generated by the race track or airport. I happen to live right next door to London Southend Airport and supported it's expansion rather than oppose it, I fully understand I bought a house next to an active airport and therefore got a cheap property because of it. Even though I'm in the UK I will be sending an email supporting you.
they need to be told if the track closes how many cars will take to full time street racing
If the building takes place, they have to sign a waiver 100%. If they propose a waiver then maybe build the wall.
Done
this is a greed thing on their part.  all you have to do is put into writing that,  (" if they go ahead with their plans to do this that you WILL NOT CLOSE YOUR TRACK, because your track has been there for many years, and you have spent entirely too much money to just shut it down. if they expect you to close your track they will have to purchase it at a price you determine,  ONE BILLION DOLLARS. that is the price you will accept, nothing less. the owners of the property they are planning to develope have to tell any potential buyers of homes there that the race track is active and no complaints can be made towards the track to city officials about noise. also the builders will be financially responsible for building any berms or walls for sound protection and it will have to be done on THIER property, not you. forget about how good your track is or how popular it is, STAND YOUR GROUND, on your principles. if it goes far enough to get approved, make sure you tell them that they have to include a paragraph into the decision explaining to the owners, developers of that land that they have to tell any potential buyer about the track and no noise complaints can be brought to the city or county about the track. if anyone brings a complaint about the track YOU will have the right to sue for HARASSMENT toward the land developers and the new home owners, and they will have to pay for all your expenses for the lawsuit.  get your lawyer/s to write this up and present it to the board during the meeting. dont laugh at me or think i am crazy, this is part of your livelihood man, just get it done . also wanted to tell you there are 2 race tracks in east Tennessee for sale. one is a 3/8 mile asphalt/concrete track located in Newport Tennessee, called Newport Speedway. the other track is a 4/10 mile high banked dirt track called Volunteer Speedway. this track is located at exit 23 on i-81, not too far from Bristol Motor Speedway.. it has 32* of banking in the turns and is as fast or faster than bristol. the track is currently leased for the upcoming season, but is still for sale.
Cleeter bro sorry I can’t find my passport 😭
Simple fix. DONT BUILT THE FUCKING HOMES THERE!
As you very well know Sunshine/Showtime almost lost the property in '17? Maybe 18?.. If Yoho can get the representation to get a major infrastructure design re-planned, you -- we -- can hopefully stop this from happening. A berm is not going to do enough to reduce the noise. They were built there for a reason, as you said. This would KILL everything that BMP has built, the history.. recent upgrades, so much money spent. Everything you have built in the past few years reviving the abandoned DeSoto.. this WILL kill both venues eventually if it happens. Think of all the commerce- and thus taxes - that both venues have brought the county. Giving people a SAFE place to get off of the streets and race their cars..
If I lived in America I would most definitely show up and support you guys to the very end. I really really hope this housing estate doesn't go ahead. Goodluck and I hope everyone who can make it shows up in numbers to show the higher ups what the racing community is all about and how much both the Freedom Factory and the drag strip mean to not only locals but even people who live 12 hours away. Get behind the team all
I am from the Netherlands, I really really enjoy every kind of video on the track and drag strip. I am also planning on visiting you and the track some day, is there something I can do as a non-US-citizen?
Just emailed.
Do you need to be a Florida resident for the email to count?
lets see the 25ft wall stop the burnout pit......
I have sent an email from the UK. Not sure if that will help but I really hope this doesn’t help!
Hell Yeah Brother, My Email's Sent! Lets beat this!!
Emails are sent. Hoping for the best.
I hope you can stop them but as most things their pockets are deeper and they will grease those palms money talks someone will get paid off corrupt people!!! 😢
Do you have to be a Florida resident? Lol.
Let's start a go fund me to let Garrett buy a portion of the land next to the race track so the freedom factory never has to deal with this bs. Maybe it'll work maybe it wont.. anybody else down to put $50, $100, $200 or whatever to make this go away?
It’s there fault I would have race events to piss them off
I just emailed them I wish I could be there to show my support
Could the racetrack not be deemed as a historical landmark
My grandmother used to live behind a track i could here clearly the engines when I was a kid. Fortunately the track was there first and no matter how much neighbors complained about the noise there is nothing the county can do. The track was there first and they are exempt form all sound laws. Let the freedom scream. To this day they still hold races there.  and the neighbors have grown to get used to it. Also those sound walls don't work for a race application they have been tried and have been proven insufficient. Out of curiosity could you go to the field with some one doing laps around the track and take a sound reading using a decibel meter? I would bet having that number might wake up some panel members of the scale of noise a race track produces. Remember most of the panel might have not ever gone to a race and don't have the experience you and fans have experienced. But they would know what the sound level might equate for for example 4 Jet airplanes taking off at once. Or jack hammers in the street. Make your argument as simple to understand as possible you will get more attention that way.
That women behind you looks like she craping her pants lol 😂
Law school credits coming in clutch with that presentation lol
Hell, I would buy a house next the Freedom Factory but only if I’m allowed to make a gate to the track.
After dealing with charlotte countys race track just 30-45 minutes south from where the freedom factory is. Cannot wait to be there Thursday morning!
Yeah. In my country the noise laws are regardless of prior use. So if you zone dwellings to close to noisy uses like industry or race track you are effectively shutting them down. So good of Cleet to be on top of this.
Australia is the worst for this, the government is shutting down alot of the local tracks (even tho theres bearly any) the closest track to me is 2 hours away, burnout pads are shunned apon and police are out for blood, its sad...
Estoril Portugal Legendary F1 track "closed" cause of this
Its not just a track. Its a community friendly establishment ❤❤
Eailed every single one and now spreading the news to others in my own YT community to help out the Freedom Factory!
Can you email if you don’t live in the us
Sounds like a land purchase for cleet.
This is happening all over Australia too 👎🏻👎🏻 Unfortunately a racetrack isn’t worth what 4500 houses are to a local government.  Start looking for a new track cleet..  the wingers always win. Lakeside here in qld Australia, Archerfield drift track here as well. Both struggling against this nonsense. Ppl buy a house near it then winge about the track that’s been in action for 50+ years
And that’s how you get street takeovers. Dumbasses probably didn’t even consider environmental noise ,because here in L.A. they don’t.
See this is the stuff that kills race tracks and small towns. If they only knew what they were doing.  We stand behind with you Garrett.
You've got a wall of supporters behind you Cleet. Let the Bald Eagles Fly
Why haven't you posted this on your main channel?
The county will approve it just for all the money the county will make in taxes
I sent that email
You should try contacting ron de santis. It would be a great pr piece for him to get involved with. Might be an interesting hail mary? Could you imagine him coming down to the track and millions seeing him online and saving the track.... Would be worth trying to sell that to him
I don t know if it helps but email sent from europe. Keep the passion alive!
Get an official decibel sound level down on paper to submit with your complaint to prove that a 25ft wall wouldnt help. Plus make the ammends the developers will have to put in place a safety fence with netting that catches any debris fori safety precautions in order to ensure safety to any residential land located  within a safe zone of the racetrack. There should be minimum 2-5 acres between the tracks and homes in my opinion!!!
We should deff all show up there and put our foot down and get rowdy if need be lol. If we get loud they'll be forced to listen to the people of the freedom factory . Like cleetus said the more people there the better.  Once they see a mob of freedom factory goers they'll vote against it. They'll be forced to lol.
Good luck cleetus! Allways people trying to ruin the great in things "for what a few houses" ? Absaloute joke...
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
The way I see it is you can't compete with the property taxes that are going to roll in. You probably have at least 5 years before you aggravate new home owners, longer if they start building farther away from you. By the time you get to be a problem we're going to be deep into the conversion to EV's. So you race ICE vehicles until 9 pm, and then race the EV's. If you look at the Tampa Amphitheater they have to shut down the noise by 9pm. They have lots of noise abatement screens and walls to limit the noise. EV's are rolling out faster than anyone wants. Racing EV's is already a thing and is only going to get bigger as more and more of them are sold. There will be enough of them racing in 5 years that will allow racing to continue past 9 pm.
Hate to say it but it’s going to get approved no matter what because it’s millions a year in land tax for the county and state.
i think that HOAs are the biggest scam and theft of our rights to owning your own property and no doubt HOAs should be abolished
The biggest issue is that these city officials don’t know just how loud drag cars are they think the clapped out Honda with its exhaust cut off is  is what the normal volume is
A live stream link should be set up for those of us around the country who cannot attend on such short notice. But a quick email is something I am more than happy to do to support this fine establishment!!
Full support brother.  Same thing happened to Western Springs Speedway here in New Zealand. Can only get 8-10 races in a year and have to be quite by 10pm. Ya don’t want that.   Good luck from New Zealand
Calling all Floridians!!! Get down to that meeting!!!
As someone that lives in Australia, am i able to send emails to oppose this!??
EXACTLY what happened to Detroit Dragway in the fall of 1996 😢
If by chance it passes, as people move in offer them one free event as a welcome to the neighborhood. Turn them all into fans
Wow that sucks.  I will email them also.  I am from New York originally and I saw things like this happen to the track on Long Island in west Hampton that I used to race at and also in New Jersey Englishtown both close down similar situations.   I will spread this video to a bunch of friends.  I wish you the best of luck.
Email sent brother. Kept it professional, but could not help myself when it came to the length. It’s a mouthful why i don’t want that housing to be built. Every track within one hour of me has closed. The closest one to me is 3 hours away and they constantly change their hours to appease the housing area so it isn’t even worth the 6 hour round trip anymore
Best thing you can do is try to figure out how to prove the amount of tax money coming in while your shows are going on on the track because if you can make more tax money than some houses, then maybe you can at least have a good run at it, also to anybody who is recently won the Powerball please help the track
Seek Jesus! Repent for the Kingdom is at hand! Jesus is the way! The truth! And the life! He’s the ONLY way!  Open the Bible, read and understand that we are in the last days! Put your full trust in him! Believe 1 Corinthians 15 1-4!
Been through it, noise complaints, then fines.  They will require mufflers and decibel restrictions, then they cut back the number of events allowed.  The sound wall will end up costing more money than the entire track cost.  I hope they don't approve the subdivision/rezoning.
Why can’t they compromise and make the land directly adjacent to the tracks recreational or park land? That way they could grow some natural sound barriers, trees/bushes etc
At least the drag strip should be able to stay open up that all that really matters cuz they prob do a lot more events over there. . Everyone likes drag strips lol.  Once they build all those houses if ya do one single burnout event that's gonna be a wrap for the freedom factory.
Opposed by email from the UK, These amenities are directly catalysing UK interest in drag racing bolstering overseas growth in largely US based industries.
For what it's worth I have emailed and asked for them to look at the bigger picture. Look to Bathurst, Australia for a good example on how motorsport can bring them success on the world stage. Good luck from Down Under Cleeter fight the good fight!
So sad .. Keep Race tracks alive..
if work would allow I would come in person but the email has been sent
Is anybody going through Kansas City on the way down there? I would love to take a ride in support of the track.
5 to 1 now thats some good lobbying. They don't care about your track they care about the profits their about to make while shutting you down in the process, Bingo a plan that nobody can stop.
I’m in Arizona but I’m gonna send a email for you bro an try an help save those tracks. Here we’ve lost two really good tracks for similar reasons. One I attended the very first race at the dirt oval the grand opening was amazing an because of that track an the location it developed a new race class for a entry level of racing that was affordable to get into and build new drivers an have more exciting races.
I wish you all the best of luck are used to live about 5 miles from the Pomona fairgrounds and back when I was young at least twice a year there was the Winston finals in the winter nationals. All of those were top fuel dragster‘s, and you could hear them for miles as far as I was concerned, it was a reminder to go to the show all those people just need to live with the sound and enjoy the music
What bs...u bought shit an own it. All paid for so if they wanna build shit an live there then they gotta deal with it. If they do anything about it an shut shit down then that's some bullshit an they better pay ur ass everything u put into that shit.
PETITION FOR CONSERVATION!!!!!!
Good luck brother!
Welcome to the beaurucratic bs that comes with running a business...
Does it matter if the emails come form an international email address
There deff gonna end up building all those houses there. Once that happens the complaints are deff gonna start happening like crazy and no way you can do anymore burnout contests there because your gonna a smoke out the new neighbors house's lol. This is the beginning of the end for the freedom factory. It will turn into the strict factory no freedom after that.
Exact same situation happened to Mallory Park here in the UK. Track had been there for years, till some recent housing was built and people complained to the local council. This resulted in the track being barely able to run events and with a low noise limit.  It's still there, but barely has any ability to run events , and of those it's only so many days a year that they can be put on. We have a term for these people "NIMBYS" or "Not in my back yard"
4500 Karens possibly moving in. That sucks.
I used to live 6 miles away from Richmond international raceway .. when I was a kid years ago I’d sit out side on race day/night to hear them take the green flag because of the delay in radio. Then I knew they were more then likely coming back on the radio live … you could put up a 50 foot fence and you will still hear it.. in the sales office put the race track on a bill board saying THIS IS THE RACE TRACK HERE IS YOUR HOUSE…
Commenting to boost the algorithm
Do they want more casualties due to street racing?!?!?!? If not they need not approve it!
does it also make sense to mail from the Netherlands?
i sent one to all of them together. these people in office need to realize we didnt put them into office to make our lives worse but to protect our backside when these greasy developers pop up to make it worse for the average citizen. ive seen it time and again. they come in and build their houses and start their HOAs and make it miserable for everyone else while also increasing assessed home values till people cant pay their taxes anymore or in this case will have a noise ordinance changed so that the racetrack becomes a thing of the past. we need at least all of your 523k subs to send a email and if anyone can get your friends to do it then get with it.
This stuff happens in Maine all of the time, people from out of state move in next to a gravel pit and complain about the truck traffic and the noise and they usually get used as gun ranges on the weekends. Grassroots motorsport is dying off faster than new fans can get there hands on wrenches.
Does it matter If I'm from Canada?  I'm gonna send the email regardless bud
Can us from other countries email the commissioners?
Email sent!
I'd love to help, but sadly i'm not a US resident. I hope that enough people show up and write emails.
you should really hammer home the Money the race tracks makes for the county. and that the area could be better used than just homes
I dont think you have a chance. What a coincidence, when the track gets popular they want to get rid of it.
That’s exactly what happened to one of my local tracks. Mesa Marin in Bakersfield. The owner built it where it was cause it was way out of town. The truck series use to come and race there and a lot of drivers loved that track. But developers decided to come in and build. The one that bought the houses knew the track was there but still complain. Hope you can get them to stop the plan to build there. You’re right about how racetracks die
Unfortunately developers have very deep pockets investors want returns ties to many high up in government its gonna be a hard fight, you can thank the the liberals for everyone moving.
And they wonder why street racing is a thing lol. Phoenix, AZ, you slacking
Emails sent, I am a Public Administration major (23 YO still in College in Texas) and I discussed the dangers and disadvantages of urban sprawl, in addition to how much the racetracks mean to fans across the nation. Were ready to battle for Y'all Cleet!!!!!!
This is how Englishtown died!!! Sad story..
Here in quebec canada we closed agriculture field wich was for soy because of the same /new promotor  development many many complain for the smell and voilà more house appear and the field gone forever!! Cheers hell yeah wish you good luck to survive trought this!!
This is exactly what happened to KCIR
That is crazy!
I live in the Netherlands. If I send an e-mail. Does that count?
lol this like SAYING you move next to airport
Beat the to the state and go to them before the housing committee does and try get it shut down before they get there
IM GETTING YELLOWSTONE VIBES LOL
Done from Michgan!
Seen this happen souch here in Australia.  Unfortunately these land grabbing corporations make mega bucks buying up farming land and splitting it up for housing. These assholes make millions n millions on these properties and will spend mega bucks in court to make sure it goes ahead.. It totally sucks as an enthusiast that this happens.
Maybe invite new home owners to block parties you host? And make them friends. Free tickets etc. ...???
Urban sprawl killed Detroit Dragway !!! THE ORIGIN OF "Sunday! Sunday! Sunday!!"  Just saying it's heartbreaking!!!!
Plan b we pitch in and buy the land next to track
Emails sent Cleet, Good luck to you and your team members. I mentioned in my email that this will surely lead to many good men losing their jobs/careers. I am up in TN or I would be standing there with you tomorrow no doubt! God's Speed.
Yeah, happens again and again. Race tracks, Concert arenas etc
Buy the land let all the racers To move in
Go BIG or go home. Buy the section, make a farm, Cleetus & kids cultivating ACRES Start a Tractor Channel
Hate when greed gets in the way of a good idea. Putting Hotels, commercial manufacturing or more racetracks would be such a better idea
If I had the money I would come but I live in Pa and have stage 4 cancer so a trip to help the Freedom Factory is not in the budget. I will however email the proper people as per your instruction and appose building the homes next to the track, and if you setup something to donate money I would be more than happy to do so. I enjoy your pay per views of your events. Good luck with the county commissioners I have a email to send.
cleetus' subscriber count is 6x more than the entire manatee county population. If this goes through and put the track at risk ive lost hope for the future. I hope the people of the committee wake the fuck up on that day and realize the last thing we need is more over priced vacant homes no one can afford to buy.
Closing down the tracks in Phoenix, AZ as well. It’s a sad story but hey…. Mexico is always one 303 away 😂
cant you just buy the land that are next door
We need a “friends of the freedom factory” conservation effort to buy that land.   One time spend for so much benefit!
You should say somthing on you main channel as well I will do this
I'm going to be honest with you guys.... this is most likely the beginning of the end for the Freedom Factory 😔😔
Retired Navy and I love watching this young man live his American Dream. Rooting for McFarland Racing land sea and air. Email sent. Video shared.
Buy the acreage and expand ...
Can you ask all the local hotels, restaurants and bars to join the effort . I'm sure they've made more money since you've opened the track
Exactly how race tracks closed in Southern California.
Email sent from Belgium.
Put this video on the first Chanel!!!
That's complete  crap mate shame I can't do anything from uk just hope all of you can beat this. Good luck buddy
Yeah good luck beating that  Its all about money, & They have waaaay more of it.
Emailed🤝
Email sent. Hope it helps. GODSPEED!
There is about to be thousands of people there for this can’t wait to see the video
They are doing exactly what happened to kcir years ago, morons building homes near/next to racing venues and after o so long they will sue to have the tracks shut down. For the love of god, leave bradington alone.
Buy the land 😂
That is exactly what happened to my local drag strip here in utah. The newer homes in the area caused it to close down.
Will do anything I can do support
Seems like your only option is to get the land dedicated to some other purpose.  If not you’ll be at this every year dealing with a new proposal.  Make it a wildlife sanctuary.
Cleetus this is the same thing that happened in texas in Kennedale and once this happened the city ordinance once the 25 yr renewal came up the city required the strip to close due to "noise pollution" which you are correct this is how race tracks die and where are we supposed to go legally and locally go to race if all the race tracks are gone.  This is sad and I hope they do not approve this for you and the freedom factory crew.
I'm all for your cause,  shit It is a right.  Let's keep the racing on the track.  John from El Paso Tx 🙏...
Big money is going to win out! Sorry  to say this. But it's has and always been this way.
Email sent, you’ve done so much to help keep the racing community/ fans together, i absolutely will help you out.
It sucks not having a drag strip in Atlanta anymore cause all it accomplished was to make the city streets more dangerous than before in Atlanta street racing and drifting gatherings and doubled in the last year I’d rather have a place the younger car enthusiasts can have fun safely than nothing at all
Start a petition
I will be there sir!
I'm in New Zealand and we are losing race tracks due to the same issues
I'd love to come to your track one-day, I live in Wellington new Zealand and watch everything 😂🇳🇿
girls are mad 1:06
Can I appose I live in Australia but
Best of luck sir
I wish I could be there in person
I believe there is an LZ event this week. That would be a big group to help show support.
You should post this on the main channel for more people to show up
Sent! Best of luck. Visiting is on the bucket list!
Can I sign the thing from another country?
SPEEDWORLD PHOENIX ARIZONA LEGENDARY DRAGATRIP CLOSED BECAUSE OF ZONING
I hope alot of you guys show up. I would have been there if i didn't live 5000 miles away
Email sent mate! From Sydney Australia
Garret Mitchell, So Cleetus McFarland is a stage name?
Get the most recognizable famous friend you have and have them show up and send with you in support.
I live about 10 miles away from a racetrack and i can hear the sprint cars and that's through hills and trees. So yeah a 25' fence won't do shit.
Exact same problem here in France... so sad for the motorsports...
Supporting you from the Uk unfortunately not much we can do from here ? 🤷‍♂️  They can't take our FREEDOM !!!! 🦅🦅🦅
Reason why the County Commissioners and the board voted to a lot to go through is heads on the ground structures houses bodies counted for the county means more Revenue more Revenue I eat more tax dollars in their pocket means they get to increase their allotments they're funding their pockets that's the reason why they want to say yes more urban sprawl but if I remember right Florida has canceled a lot I mean a lot of these planned developments all over Florida and are spending billions of dollars trying to turn it back in the native lands
Mails are sent from Belgium! Seeing same here in Belgium, people buying cheap land next to airstrip/tracks etc and then complaining because of the noise, makes me sick! good luck! you're a PRO!
The politicians and bureaucrats just salivate over the property tax revenue from thousands of new homes. It's all about the tax dollars (plus whatever other money happens to find its way from the developers to the right pockets 😉).
have to donate to some campaigns and let them use your pull to campaign at the track, that's how things get done nowadays.  Look up the developers donations on opensecrets to see what you are up against.  Last resort, work with the developer to make it a drive-in/drive out semi private track for residents.
Let’s all subscriber’s just purchase homes next to the freedom factory!
Email sent! Race tracks close= street racing 🤷🏻‍♂️ You cant stop racers from doing what they love
It bull shit and almost impossible to stop good luck because it's all about money they can care less about cars and racing and having fun legally. They rather it be done on the streets so they get payed again by tickets more money very sorry to say but it's the truth. In less you can afford the land next to it. Money money money in less your a government employee. It would even coast them some way some how👍👌✌️💯🏎️🏍️🍻
Plan b is a d10 dozer with steel and concrete armoring it and NOT drive threw buildings
I Oppose, I sent in my emails all the way from New Jersey, I'm hoping for the best
Need to make this more public on all of your channels and ask Adam LZ to repost this
Idiots. You said it as it stands, moved the tracks out of the city, but then... city comes to the tracks... Crazy.
I present to you; Yellowstone but race car edition. It’s an honest battle against the ever expanding suburbia and ridiculously wealthy trying to develop undeveloped areas
Let's do this!!!!!!
Just finished my E-mail, much love from Hawaii
In Pontiac Michigan we have the m1 race track their getting 100s of thousands just for a garage so why not houses maybe look into a deal to make it a live on race track like golf course
I've written the opposition for you from The Netherlands. I hope the outcome is in your favour.
The women in the thumbnail is a menace 👿
How it your problem the tracks been there for years there the ones kill animals homes and wildlife in the area to put up new house the track was there first not this new house an roads
This needs more attention, commenting to build up steam.
Is there anything i can do? I love in sweden, would hate it to ser your work be demoliseh
You see how that old women on the thumbnail looked at ole cleeter she's a menace
i got you cleetus. i sent an email with some kind words about you
Good on ya mate.
Time to let that law school knowledge fly. Also what's the cost per acre down there? 2700/a couple million... Just saying.
All do respect but eff them ? Your there first n legally!? So what if they can complain ? Let them . They know what there moving onto.... Ppl don't shut down airports because ppl like planes
emailed them
The freedom factory is done might as well pack it in. You can't fight the money that will be made from the homes on that land gaurantee those people in front of you will get their palms greased so unless you have the money and the pull with them it's over. Sad but true.
Buy the land.
Putt it on the main channel everybody should known!!!
Laguna Seca is 3300ft from houses and it didn't help, that measurement is from Google earth
It’s like moving next to an airport then complaining about it.
just push ya merch down more peoples throats and buy that land next to your racetrack ,there you go
Email has been sent. GL! I used to live by the old Spanaway Speedway and it was eventually torn down by those that don't love the sound of cars, and racing. That place even had family history as my dad went there as a teenager to watch races and he lived an hour away! Let's keep racing alive!!!
Emails sent don't stop fighting.
Email sent , good luck
Will International opposition emails help at all?
Do I have to live in Florida to email in with my name and address?
Done and done. Just knowing how strong this community is, it may seem like a stretch for an average person but when the amount of people emailing in is the same as Florida's total population, there will be some minds changed. And by some minds I mean the entire board of directors (or whatever their title is) vote and overturn denying the application to go thru. The crazy part is I know there will def be some crazies showing up considering he even said to come in person. Cleet, you know better than to do an open invitation because Billy Bob and The Wild Thornberrys are gonna come out the trailer parks from deep in the West Virginia hills. Hey, at least they'll be there in your favor 😂
I think it’s dumb there trying to put homes right next to the freedom factory and like u said Cleetus the future residents of that place aren’t gonna like all the noise and are gonna complain to it so I fully support u
Typical of Florida - honestly what did Clete expect was going to happen with a state government that would do Anything to line their pockets
This is just another land grab development, simply for the purpose of increasing the county’s revenue base. The rights and life style of others that have been long established because of the tracks, is not considered to be  Important enough to stop the  development from proceeding. ITS ALL ABOUT THE MONETARY GAIN that the developing agent will receive along with the county. I see a law suit for an injunction to stop the development proposal on the horizon. GO GETEM CLEETER!
good luck with it. In Sydney Australia we have lost 2 major tracks over the years (which held National, State and club events) and several smaller tracks to developers. And look like losing another out of Sydney in an agricultural area to people who have moved in then starting to complain about noise. The cost of competing has also ballooned which hasnt helped as competitors dwindle
Sent As a NE Florida resident and law enforcement/public safety employee, it’s of my opinion that this plan should be opposed. This will only create complaints from residents until the track is forced to close, and then street racing will thrive endangering the lives of residents.   Jax Raceway in Jacksonville was in a rural area and eventually taxpayer complaints forced regulators to create noise ordinances and environmental attacks to strong-arm it out of business. With this, personally known associates moved to street racing. Young racing enthusiasts can barely afford to get their cars on the tracks and paying to travel 2 and 4 hours to race legally on track is a problem (Gainesville, Bradenton). Hotel costs, fuel cost, and just the amount of time involved with travel WILL encourage unsafe decision making. I hope your loved one’s aren’t a statistic due to someone else’s bad decision.  As many of us in this discussion will be parents, remember old-timer saying’s like “give them nothing to do, and they will find something to do” and “idle hands are the devils playthings”. Question is where will all the racers do it.
I bet that women in the back is one off the other side let's say the darkside look at her face they are corporate braindead people that will do anything for a buck.
🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
THIS IS THE ONLY SHOT WE HAVE EVERYONE THAT CAN GO PLEASE GO!!!  I live in PA and can't go but I will be emailing!
Rooting you you and the local motorsport family...from New Zealand Cleetus.
You should make the freedom factory a landmark
Why do people always have to ruin a good thing to make a couple bucks and build 4k homes for people that came from the city
This has been happening allot up here in North America too 🇨🇦.. really sucks to see these guys move in and try shut down these tracks that have been there way before they planned to develop.
I'll email everyone I can to help you out brother!!
whens the drawing for the truck giveaway?
I'm emailing
Good luck your going to need it. The track in Adelaide Australia slowly got surrounded by houses. It’s rarely is used now. Money talks buy votes on the board. Your done
Dude, it’s a no contest situation… If they build homes, they will complain. Even a track as prestigious as Laguna Seca has routine complaints, has to run 95 DB level events, you have to run exhaust sound deadening devices, and even that won’t prevent the people around the track from complaining and trying to shut the track down as they continue to do it to this day. It’s a guaranteed situation where someone will complain.  The only way to prevent this would be to have a petition with multiple signatures on it to demonstrate the value the track holds over a plan development that may or may not actually benefit the residents from investors claiming the properties before they’re even built.  Who is preventing these homes from being purchased by LLCs rather than local residents?    I hope we can all get on this as much as we did the RPMAct.
Emails sent.   Respect the topic and I included the subject matter and reason.
Buy the land, problem solved.
Email sent... We got you bud!
Yeah this is the sad thing. They shut down tracks then wonder why there's more street raceing and "hooning". But theres a track in Australia called wakefeild race Park. And they got shut down not too long ago for "noise pollution". Goulburn (the area its located) has now lost the 11 milion that wakefeild shot into the Goulburn area from hotels, survo's to small businesses they all have lost roughly 11 milion cause they shut down wakefeild. I would travel 2 1/2 hours from Sydney to go around that track and I miss it a lot it was a good little track to go to. And they tried to shut down another one in Australia but they failed (forgot the name of the track) and Sydney motorsport track is in there eyes next I think. But see during a good year Sydney motorsport Park would inject well over 40 milion into the area just cause there's all the classes that run there. so I feel like there a bit more afraid  to touch it. But time will tell. Hope it ends up good for you Cleetus
Non us citizen here. Do I mail?
Email sent.
Emails sent from a Florida resident.
Unfortunatly the harsh truth is that Facilities like the FF and BMP closing will absolutely increase the amount of unsafe and illegal driving and racing out on public roads as these places provide a safe and sanctioned place for automotive enthusiasts to enjoy the hobbies that they love in a safe manor
I will definitely be emailing them. May I suggest not wearing a hat next time though I personally wear a hat a lot but those stuck up people hate hats in meetings
depopulate the earth and build more race tracks
Im emailing all of them rn
I have a clever solution that would sound utterly stupid to all the cucked imbeciles of the world, but, it would actually be a quite genius move:  Decorate the track in jewish stars, paint everything blue and white, and go register it as a self-declared jewish synagogue.  Now THAT is some "5D Chess".  😎
this is fucking bullshit
Do you have to be from America?
They are gonna make ALOT OF MONEY ON THE LAND…it’s gonna be there man, it sucks but sums gotta give
I live about 12 miles from New England dragway. I can tell you right now I can hear the races especially if it’s like nationals. Putting houses next to a race track is completely dumb. Not to mention 3 houses per 1 acre is just dumb. My town requires 2 acres minimum per house to build.
done from uk
Done 🫡
Emails Sent!
Where's Whistling Diesel at? He's the man to help.
Email away sir. Hope fully we can make this a recurring thing and try to keep more tracks alive.
They could cut the number of homes in half that way it’s not as close
Queensland, Australia. A setup not dissimilar to your venue. The Government work-around to avoid this well known "future problem", is large areas around Queensland Raceway & Willowbank International Drag Strip are designated a "MOTORSPORT PRECINCT".  All potential neighbours have to be made aware of this before buying or renting in the area. You could try to get something similar in the town zoning for your spot.
This is where someone in power should think laterally and counter propose for the area to be rezoned to industrial area. This would give the land owners the development they want and wouldn't create sound and smoke issue for residents to complain about
emails sent
Can you still oppose if you arent an American citizen or do you have to live there?
Talk to Luke fink mate in Aus mate he's up against this.
I live in India and i don't know if it will help if I email but i will ask my friends living in the US to email thats the least i can do... Hope this issue resolves soon.🙏
The race track was there first they should have never goten a planning permission too build, the situation is known it is too bad for them it's a bad idea too build there. Every person with a brain wouldn't build next too a race track. They are winging it and these highly socalled overpaid sit in there office people are falling for it they should have never gotten this far with planning permission. Let them give you immunity on paper that the track wil never get in trouble then they will get too scared and pull it because they will get the lawsuits.
I can’t make it in person but I have a few buddies down there that may be able to show up and help and they are in the racing industry.
Netflix documentary in the making...
You close the tracks, we race the streets
Cleetus should run for your state Governor one day.
Brother if it passes I’m buying a lot next to the track
This has happened too many times man, I'm afraid you are screwed. Same thing happens to gun ranges. You don't have the money. Even if you come up with a plan, give it ten years and they will get you shut down. Hold out as long as you can till they offer you insane money for the property.
Please buy all of the land
Will it matter if I’m overseas, Australia! I’m well happy to email as racing is life for a lot of people and the amount of content I watch involving Bradenton and the Freedom Factory is immense as I’m sure is the same for many, but the question is will it be taken into account if I don’t live in the states?
I think you should just go find somebody that has a whole Lotta money that wants to support your race track and buy the land next to you so they can’t build. Look at as an investment for the future.
does it help if my adres is out of the USA?
That's so sad ... so many tracks go down this way ... my best wishes to the FF!!!
Just emailed all of them. 💪🏾
Well do the math on statistics of monetary value of the guests bring to the city over the few people who move in next to the track..  i wouldnt omit all 4000 houses but i would stand to nix a surrounding area around the track to give a good space between..
Hey mate is it worth international viewers to email? I've been to the track and your events before, but I'm not obviously American to do so.
We had a local dirt track in OKC get shut down a few years ago. It was near my great grandmother's house. She lived there 60 years, literally never complained. We all loved it. Then some "new developments" come in, and people complain, boom it's gone. History is doomed to repeat itself if we don't do anything. Sent them my email to oppose.
Not sure if it’ll have an effect from Australia, but I sent the email.  Good luck Cleetus
Do it for Dale
1. People complain about street racing 2. We build race tracks in the middle of nowhere 3. People build houses next to racetrack, then complain about racetrack noises 4. racetrack closes 5. People street race. Rinse and repeat
I'm calling DeSantis... this is bullsheet...
Just so they know. When the close the track. We racing on public streets. 🤷‍♂️ I’m gonna race my car regardless. They can choose to keep our racetracks or give up safety as they know it on public streets. But when they make this decision. They don’t need to be crying cause of crashes and loss of innocent lives beacouse that’s what the tracks where created for. That makes any deaths that happen beacouse of this decision their fault
Got you brother, professional letter sent to the names in your description. Please, anyone sending an email: Be polite, and descriptive.
America needs to stop killing Americana.
St. Charles Speedway (in Missouri) was forced to close when I was a kid (about 25-30years ago😢) in this exact same way. I used to fall asleep to the races and seeing the glow of the lights every Sunday night.
As bad as in my area where people move into a housing addition built next to a livestock farm then complain about the smell and get the farm shut down.  If they build there is will be the death of the tracks and a huge legal battle just trying to save them.
This what happens what humans breed way to much here we are need housing for govt assistance
You are 100% right.  Look up Fentress in Chesapeake VA.  Developers convinced the city to rezone the area for residential right next to a US Navy Aux Landing field.  Then the residents started complaining about jet noise.
"You will own nothing and like it."    All the cars will be electric soon will become the argument against you, just watch.
Buy the land up cleet! Start a gofundme
This really can’t be allowed because like you said it does NOT work. Even some of the most iconic racetracks in the world like Leguna Seca have severe issues with this. It truly is the perfect way to kill a race track and thriving local business which brings in all sorts of people
This is an identical situation which closed all of our MX tracks nearby to me here in the UK. It has also put some historical tracks on the rocks like Brands and Lydden whereby their noise limited have been lowered so much that even some completely unmodified sports cars will break through it on a track day. Our councils will always side with the complaining parties and sadly they continue to add crushing regulations! The most hypocritical part of it all is, those who complain of the noise are the same folks who will complain when it ends up being done illegally on the street as there is nowhere for an organised event! Small minded individuals and greed kill tracks and by the comments, it looks like it is a global problem too. :(
I lived 3 miles from my hometown track in the middle of a densely populated metro area and could always hear the cars running every weekend new people moving into the area always want to complain until the locals give them the hint this is how we live. for the longest time it was the only thing we had to escape to on the weekends. But even now 15-20 years later you can see how the track is suffering from constantly having to fight for survival.. it’s heartbreaking 💔
Emails sent to each of those contacts because it will be an absolute tragedy if you guys lose that track over a new neighborhood being built. So much amazing stuff comes from these tracks. They don't deserve to go out this way.
Emails sent! Good luck
Doin my part and emailing from sweden, let them know this is not only something that will affect the locals but also a world wide audience!
Hey cleet, can i as someone who lives in Australia to oppose it? or do i have to be an american citizen?
Same thing happened to Waterford Hills here in Michigan. Track has been there longer than the houses but then a policy requiring cars off between certain hours and a decibel limit. It is absurd. Similar to morons in my town moving in down the road from a mine and trying to get it shut down after knowing what they moved in next to.
sent an email. best of luck
Got your back! Emails sent! Good Luck!!!
You should also point out to them that by closing dragstrips/racetracks it will most likely result in more dangerous street racing rather than racing in a safer environment like a racetrack :)
Good luck Cleet...
Emails sent from Wisconsin. These tracks are far far more than just racing events.
Infineon raceway and their DB limit. It's impossible to have a compromise.  Just look at Roadkill episode where they got shut down cause of noise violation complaints from the outlying spoiled brats. That bought a house near the track " not knowing " about Infineon raceway. ........ huh?!?!?!?
I put in a good word for you! If I could fly down to Florida to support you I would! Best of luck with the case
I am having our local track close down aswell sad things happening to use racers
What the homes will be is the beginning of the end of for those two tracks. Even if the people who buy those proposed homes know the tracks are there someone is going to complain and become a NIMBY (Not in my back yard). Good luck in defeating this.
imagine coming into the office with 300,000 unread emails in outlook.
Had the same thing happen with our shooting range! Keep fighting!
They move next to a drag strip, they fucking deal with it 🤷‍♂️. It’s like moving out in the middle of the woods and complain about it having too much trees
Mazda raceway has noise regulations due to the houses nearby complain. So when the racetrack close down property value goes up.
Nah bro for sure 1000% no, that's a death recipe.
I feel for you Cleetus I really do but turning up in t-shirt, jeans and didn't even take your cap off ?? . You are not creating the appearance of a serious business owner.
I miss my local track roar, they only run a couple of times a year now instead of weekly, best of luck to ya cleet
Closing down the Drag Strip is the dumbest thing you can do. They are complaining about illegal street races and General speeding, But are closing down racetracks. I will never understand it. But it is the Same thing in Germany. We Look to make meet ups official and save with every possible thing we could do. But every Time it is getting destroyed by politicians and Police. Everbody Get a place to live out there hobby. Only car guys are screwed and unwanted
Does it matter if im all the way in the land down under?
Stupid development! All they care about is money
Here we go again. Oh that's a beautiful location.. let's complain about the airport or race track and get it shut down after it was there for 30+ years.. yeah let move next door and get an iconic place to piss off. Wtf is wrong with people.. the epa and greenies will push this hard
CALL DALE JR. , HE IS SPENDING HIS LIFE PROTECTING TRACKS LIKE YOURS !
Just have the land put into trust.
It’s big money screwing racing 🤬🤬🤬🥹🥹🥹
Bro your whole livelihood is on the line. You need to sue to stop this and demand that they show a study that supports a 25 foot fence to stop the sound. There is plenty of precedent to show that this is intellectually dishonest and will not stop the sound and plenty of precedent to show that this behavior puts businesses out of business. You need to litigate this, because the government will never have your back.
I'm from Arkansas and you have my support. My emails have been sent. Best of Luck.
Rainman Ray sent me
These are the times when boardmembers take kickbacks for their votes. Sad indeed its even being presented. Lawfare Sucks. Good Luck Boys, We are all going to stand with You.
Garrett you are a true redneck like the rest of us, but it now time for you to be the lawyer you were once destined to be! Do not let the track die. This is your calling.
I wanna believe a solution could be found, but if those houses are built then I think the Freedom Factory is all but doomed.
Hey what’s up bro how are you?
Let’s pour on the emails.
Email sent.
This is the same exact thing that happened to laguna Seca
It happens In Australia too bud. Unfortunately Counties, Shires don't see the value in racetracks and the people that they attract.  All they see Is land tax dollars and under the table deals from dodgy developers. What you need to do Is to get an environmental and heritage survey done. If you can prove the land that they are developing has cultural / environmental value then that will make development A LOT harder. Nothing like finding some Indigenous artIfacts😏😉😉😉
Good luck guys.. unfortunately usually the developers and their money and bribes win
That woman in the thumbnail looks downright villainous... support from michigan
Email sent, hell yeah brother
Save hazzard county brother
I lived in Ukiah CA, and I use to live about a half mile as the crow flies from the 1/4 mile oval track and I could hear the cars just fine.  A burm is not going to do anything for sound/smoke/smells and lights.  There is a reason the track is where it's at.  These people see dollar signs and nothing else.
Make an offer to buy the land
Long shot but can an application be put through to protect the tracks as historical or somthing? If the house are built and people do complain, the tracks cannot be closed due to local importance/historical value? Don't k ow how this sort of thing works in America but it may be able to at least buy some time.
******** I hope your lawyers see this ********. I fear the angle of your defense is too wide.  Need to find out who in the offices is hard set on ‘the green new deal’ and getting rid of gas cars.  Imo, this is why they are approving it so far cause they know it will shut you down in 5-10 years which is in line of Biden’s guidance of moving to EV’s.  So, the angle you need to use is showing the EV trend coming to the races and dominating many wins, which in turns draws more people to watch and more people to compete with their EVs.  However, the loud speakers and the noise from the crowd will be as loud as the running cars, so the noise pollution will still be there when the fossil fuel races starts ti disappear.    Also, bring up funds.  Draw up a bar graph of how much taxes will be paid for those homes vs all the revenue of the visitors based on the last two years and average it out so show yearly.  I’m sure the money coming in for local businesses, such as food, water, fuel, auto repair, towing, shipping, hotels, motels, AirBNB, shopping; and while people are in Florida, they will stop at other cities/towns to look at other things.   Angles:  1. why make $1 when you can make $10 with what is there now.  2. Promotion of clean Energy racing while upholding the soon to be historical fossil fuel racing. 3. Noise level will be over 135db at each event (there are free apps, and you can go to the fence line and measure it) up to midnight.
Does it matter if I live in Canada lol I will sign
follow the money bro!
You need to bring up shutting down the race track brings racing to the streets.
Happened to Oran park on the outskirts of Sydney Australia too. It was built in the middle of no where decades before urban sprawl moved out to meet it. The next thing you know it's shut down and is now under houses. Good luck Cleet.
Save the race tracks. Also all those Racers that come in to town look at how much business that brings into your area for other businesses hotels restaurants or the houses really worth it? No!!!
That is part of the reason why Carslbad raceway. It was down in  a valley.
Had this same problem with Bandimere in colorado. Huge petitions and everything. They ended up building the homes and bandimere stayed. If you are gonna bitch and complain about a drag strip, don’t move next to one
Can u buy more land
SAVE the TRACKS.... BOOOOOO!!!!!. . Go build an apartment building in the city. Stay out of Rural areas with your BS.
Hey Cleetus, you need to separate those email addresses with semi colons.  Outlook can't handle commas for some reason.
Can you send out a petition
Garrett!!! The tax revenue from those two tracks is amazing!!! WTF is wrong with with new development?!?!?
Sent my email, now lets save the tracks
That's what they do it's what they did to all the tracks around me they build a bunch of houses next to him and then they say oh the racetracks are too loud so they have to shut them down and then they tear them down and build more houses. why'd you build your house next to a racetrack in the first place if the cars are too loud.
Oh yes let's build homes right next to a race track and then we'll put forward bills so that the race track can only be used on certain days at certain times.
EMAIL SENT!!!!!!
Go Garett.   Ya have a huge positive impact
Can I email if I'm from Australia?
just emailed!
Emailed just now... You should totally put it on the main channel and reach out to all the other YouTubers that have benefitted from the Freedom Factory! Get Cody involved and this will be shut down fast! :D
In all fairness.....    You only have YouTubers doing burnouts and weird races that are boring. I truly do hope you win.
I'm in Canada unfortunately could I send them all e mails telling them I oppose?
Coming up from fort myers. I moved from area same shit happened when I was growing  up. Once track shut down drugs took over. Hard to have a drug problem when you have a car problem. People need hobbies that inspire them like what you guys are doing.  Me and my mother will be there to support you.
Look at enviromental impact.
I'm from Australia  ... would emailing be worth anything ?
This has literally just happened to Wakefield park in Australia
whistlindiesel we need your people's too
I’m gonna be honest, but I saw this coming, and I saw this video coming also. Emails have been sent brother. This is a shitty situation, and I hope the state comes to their senses and realizes what their doing.
There’s going to be 4500 houses bought by a bunch of redneck hillbilly’s…..  freedom factory will never get shut down!!
my emails are sent now to wait and see. best of luck ill be right there on the videos as always
I live in Broward County Florida. We used to have Hollywood Moroso dragstrip down here. Been there forever. Used to have to drive on unpaved road to get there. Then they started building houses in the 90s. After about two years because of the complaints from the homeowners. The county decided to not renew the lease for the land of the dragstrip. If we don't stop the homes from being built, I Guarantee we will loose the FF....
If they shut down I’m hosting clutch kickers in their neighborhood
Any content that contains the freedom factory is my favorite of yours, the whole renovation process was an utterly amazing series to follow. supporting how ever i can.
Wrote an email and advise everyone to do the same! Please keep it professional.  I’ve seen it so many times. Homes go in, people complain, tracks get noise restrictions, day/time restrictions, and then ultimately close due to restrictions and legal battles. It’s shitty.   Hope they get overwhelmed with oppositions and think twice about it. But $$ talks from developers.
Same thing happened to the original Seattle International Raceway. City slickers moved to the burbs and complained darn near shutting it down.
💪lets do it 😡
Hell no. Keep racing alive!!
You'll never beat the politicians. I pray to God you do, but gosh dang. Plus think of the money that is being pumped into to BEAT you. I pray you win.   Sadly a lot of the people that support your message in person, also hate seeing people in person protesting also.
pacific raceways is in the same boat.  Housing developments were built right next to the race track and freeway.  Not long after people moved in, complaining started to where now their are such tight restrictions and curfews in place  they struggle to complete race events.
You got my support all the way already sent email 💯
Fight for your life bro this cannot happen won't be long before this happens in the UK and Santa Pod the only drag track will be gone
What were dealing with is a money grab so they can just make money and houses that will be unaffordable for anyone other then old people or the wealthy and the local gov will make plenty plenty of money to line their pockets and not care about people having fun anymore that's all I'm super depressed actually..... even Florida has shifted knowadays
you buy the land off the owners ...  buy it alll...  put in dity racing on property.   COUNTER OFFER   BUY  LAND......  run  cows on it
Same shit happens to airports. They build close to the airport, people move in not realizing what that entails, then complain and eventually the airport is closed down. Greed is the driving factor in this. Those investors don't give a rats ass about Garrett, they only care about turning a profit. And if they destroy the Freedom Factory they don't care. F them.
Missive delivered from Modesto, California
A petition for development needs to be enacted!!!
That Law School Cleeter coming out hard. Good statements, and hard proof. This happened 10 years ago to my super oval track in my hometown. Out of staters purchased the surrounding land, sued the owners (who owned Raceway Park) for decades. The new land owners built homes, and then sued the track owners complaining about the noises, smells, and traffic. Money wins in court, they forced the shutdown, and turned the track into a pond for that community. The same thing is now happening to our event center/rodeo hub, Majestic Valley Arena.
Please bring out police, and hire some event managers to prevent any problems. I would hate for this to go wrong
Happens all the time here in New Zealand.....if it was rugby or netball sweet as....race track ...we shutting you down brutha....! Thats why street racing has become so big...good luck fighting it fella....💪😎🍺🇳🇿
Buy the land .
Put it on the main channel
Its just like the people that buy a house next to a airport then they complain about the planes .  People are insane !!!
You already lost, just be prepared, because some rich developers already bribed the right people. It won't matter how many people show up,the county has already sold out.
Can we email from out of state? Love the events.
What idea is you can buy the land next to the racetrack so you can keep the freedom going.
I don’t understand how this shit works. Race track comes first but housing wants it to go away?
The same thing has been happening in Australia for years, however the race tracks always lose out, every few years we end up losing a few more racetracks here in Australia which is very sad.
I wonder how much shell shock the people here will be when they just poked the beehive of two ( and probably many more ) large automotive YouTube channel with MILLIONS of viewers about to break their email services. lol
Do you know the reason race tracks were built in the first place?  To get racers off the street.  After WW2, there began to be a problem of street racing.  The solution was to use some of the abandoned air strips left over from the war to get the kids off the street..  Now while your facility isn't an old airstrip, it does still perform the same service.
The sad thing is the State/County/councils look at yearly land tax/rates 1 x rural property @ $5-10k p.a or 4500 x residential@ $1.7k p.a😢 . Sending my support from Melbourne Australia 🇦🇺
All I got to say is if these weirdos want a 25-ft wall they can fund it and build it their self you should not have to be the one to pay for that
Wherever freedom succeeds, corrupt authoritarian leftists want to snuff it out. This country has gone to hell in a handbasket. How could anyone want to move in and close these racetracks after they've been there for Fing DECADES.
Have you looked into any of the companies that do acoustic mapping and noise abatement/urban planning around commercial and recreational airports? They would have some tremendous insight about how to approach the argument about why not or how to slow down urban development around commercial or recreational areas that typically are very loud.
Ok, I’ve sent the email to all people you listed. Hope it helps !
You've got to show them the financial loss they will encounter. Not sure it makes sense to build considering how much ag land is valued at right now. Something seems odd.
Have the area being developed turned into a private membership of the track facilities like here in British Columbia's Area 27. Home owners are all car people that by into a membership and get track time to play with their cars.
Build that wall
thats their fault they want to build shit around the track. have them pay for it.
Smh because they wanna build houses near it, it’s now your issue?
Fill the houses with you fans 🎯
Won't allow me to copy description on android
Unfortunately government only cares about money and votes. These houses sound like another cookie cutter housing development..
100 acre buffer zone, that's parks and wetlands/conservation to lock out the development
Just a question.  Have you considered buying a section / strip of the 2700 acres to push the build site farther away from the race tracks?  Not even sure this would help. Just an idea.
Wild horse pass is also being shutdown next year due to creating a entertainment, retail and office complex so I am on board with you cleetus
This how the housing developers killed Old Bridge Township Raceway Park in English Town NJ.  The former home of the NHRA Summer Nationals!
We know that there is an operating racetrack next to the place we decided to build a new neighborhood and since we think we are more important than anyone else we expect you to shut down so we can make money while we put you out of business!!!
Can I email and say I oppose, from an Aussie residence, will it count ??
Maybe you could also use the stats from gun ranges and airports. One of my friends belongs to a gun club and the same thing is happening there. They tried a wall, but are still being limited to certain times and days they can operate. It's been there for over 50 years. One thing they did was to open it up for the local law enforcement agencies to practice there. It may be to late now but you may want to extend an invitation to the police in your area to practice their driving at the track. I think the gun range would have been closed by now if the local police chiefs and sheriff's hadn't been supporting it...
4500 homes 250k a piece minimum=1.2billion and that is all they are worried about man hate to say that and thats just the start up!! Really hate to see this happening BMP and Freedom Factory are thriving i dont see it not happening just hope theres a solution to the tracks staying open for 50 more years who knows maybe 4500 racing fans move in and absolutely love it
I oppose
That's what happened to our little track along time ago but it happened I'm sorry you're having to deal with this hope it works out for you brother
Hoa requirement.  Minimum 4 car garage 12 foot ceilings.  Garage must be equipped with at least 1 2 post lift.  Community center shall provide dyno for residents.  Community shall provide paint booth to residents.  Community shall rent bmp on quarterly basis for Community test and tune.
what should the subject line read...would it be what you have in " "?
tried but looks liked the email addys were blocked
Email sent! Behind what has put Bradenton on the map! From Mandurah Western Australia! :)
just buy up all the homes closest to the wall also :P or buy the lots and don't put houses on them.
This is absolutely sickening.   1. chipping away bits and pieces of FARM GROUND for more and more houses is eventually gonna require us to be 100% dependent on other countries for farmed goods.  2. The basics understanding of what was there first, should always and ONLY be what matters in any issue regarding land and trying to stuff houses on said land.  Ripping apart a man with a strong, successful and economically beneficial business is NOT very American.
Garrett, I fear you are fighting against a metric shit ton of money being spent by developers to get their way.  The county will look at the tax dollars they get from your property, and will decide that 4500 homes will bring in way more money.
Do they even need 4000+ homes built in your area. Where I am they do the same stuff where they build tons of homes in a development and then 3/4 of them sit empty for years.
Garrett tell them to buy you property close by but far enough away that  it wouldn’t bother anyone and build you a race track they’re out of their pocket and then sell the freedom factory to them where they can demolish it and put more houses in maybe that would be a win-win for everyone.
Hope it works better for you than here in nz...western springs dirt track
buy the land and convert to dirt track with cows.
Emailed.  My dad has told me stories about working and racing at Detroit Dragway as a kid, but all the tracks he raced at are long gone now.  You guys deserve to succeed, and he's right over in Polk County now, so I'm hoping to visit and bring him to a race someday soon.
A neighboring city has  a 40ft dirt berm for an airport and does nothing for sound control. I live 1.1mile up a hill with lots of trees from are local race track i can hear 500hp cars and can tell when a car has a bad run on the strip. I can hear the drift cars and road cross.  I love hearing this its why i moved where i am. And the local fb there always people bitch about the sound and thay get shamed. But give ur self credit cleeter u could have 10,000+ people there in ur favor look at what WD got for a kid and his tractor
Time to bring in Ron De Santis. Please!
Please remember your international group that contribute to the raceway and travel to see your events, use us as a lever, may be a small one, but a lever non the less.
Can I send an email from outside of the US? Or would my support not matter.  I'm from Australia and we see the same issue here. Globally home are built next to racetracks and then they get shut down. At a local track day at Lakeside Park in Brisbane Australia, during our track day we took a 1 hour lunch break to allow house inspections in the area to take place. I think that's disgusting because they purposefully stopped our session so home buyers could come and inspect homes in the area in dead silence and I guarantee the realestate does not mention anything about the track. It all leads to complaints and over time they get shut down. It's just how it is.
Dude you are sooo fucked, call Desantis and explain it to him.
4500 houses next to a race track? More like I want 4500 racetracks next to my house. How many houses are already in Florida? How many tracks are still going in Florida? This is discrimination towards the car community and the crew who helped keep it going this far. I live near Detroit and  from 1955 to 1985 we had a local track (mt.clemens raceway). In the 80s they built a goddamn high rise complex right next to the race track. Guess what happend next? Complaints and lack of funds led to the end of the tracks glory and it was done for good. Now it's a giant parking lot with a big building in the center of it like a ghost town. The Apts around the track are pretty crazy Lotta drugs and crime go on. Glad they got rid of the track for that tho. We have similar issues with having a safe place to do car stuff around the area. It's sad to think we're the motor city who builds 700hp muscle cars but we can't actually use them "legally" because there's no place to condone those activities. So where do we go? On the streets and then you get in trouble. It's kinda like distilling shine in a dry county. Let's overpopulate the world and take away everything fun so we can all be miserable "together" . I hope you succeed and make it through. Instead of "fun haver" merch make hoodies that say " fun ruiner" with a picture of their proposed 4500 houses on a map. All proceeds go to saving our slice of freedom we love watching right here.
Just sent the email from San Diego!! We need tracks like these to stay open. Going to have my brother/friends send in an email too.
Also mention illegal street racing and how the drag strip and your track can help lower illegal street racing in the area. It saves lives and helps lower the cost to the county or city by having the race track and drag strip in the area, less possible property damage and civil damages from illegal street racing crashes. Really push the idea and bring facts that show how this will close the race tracks over time and cause people no where to race safely in the area. Definitely get a good lawyer and pay him to do the talking and to bring a solid argument with proven facts from around the country and an awesome presentation. If that doesn’t do it then at least you can say you tried your best bro. Maybe even have the county sheriff come in and speak about the dangers of illegal street racing if the tracks weren’t in the area due to people complaining and shutting it down after building those stupid neighborhoods. Hope this all goes in your favor bro!
Opposition email sent from tijuana mexico
Happened to us here. Had a circle track and a motocross track in a combined park. They built houses right next to it and then the new owners started complaining. City made the tracks shut down. Had to give up racing because next closest "home" track is 3 hours each way from me.
My home track Sacramento Raceway is closing for this exact reason but then they want to tell us don’t race on the street take it to the track now they take the tracks away its an attack on the racing communities all over
developers don't care they always get what they want stopping the application is only a band-aid they will just resubmit anther application until they get it passed it all about whats going to make more money a race track or housing its sucks hard bro but the rich always get what they want we always get shafted
What can we do if we don't live in the USA?
I know it’s a crazy long shot and an expensive endeavor but is there a way to buy the land or a significant portion of the land? Maybe “air rights” above the property? I feel like your argument should’ve solely been based on the income and tourism the tracks bring to state/county because they don’t care what it means to you or your livelihood. It’s marketing at this point. I’ll be sending emails but I live and Oregon and can’t really fly over there that quickly. Good luck and I’ll spread the word.
I can’t help much from Australia, but my thoughts, hopes and prayers are with you guys. I’ve been watching you grow and learn right from the start, and it would be a tragedy to say the least to see things change for the worse.  Also, sincere congratulations on your new family 👍
Not sure what emails from Canadians will do but hopefully it helps since I’m not gonna make er to Florida by the end of the week to have my voice heard
Turn it into solar farms.
"Do you have any idea how fast you were going?? If you want to race, take it to the track!"   "lol, LMAO"
Ive never personally visited your track but I have watched your content for years. So I hope an email from Bristol, England will help 🤙🤙
This is exactly what bandimere has been dealing with for the last decade... The only difference is bandimere is CLEARLY visible. No excuse for home buyers to say that didn't know what they were getting into
People will buy because it'll be cheap land, complain about the noise til the racetrack closes, then sell up for a huge profit as the land value skyrockets.
Why don’t you get Whistlin D to get his followers to rally for you. He can make anything happen. Combine your followings. Get Adam Lz in there too. All your friends. Maybe it will help because they will have so many people speaking against it. They’ll drop it
Best of luck…
Florida was touting freedom... until new laws came out this year to give people who make some noise on the streets, let be loud exhaust or bumping stereo systems, criminal offenses or get their vehicles taken away permanently.  This doesn't sound like the Florida us car people imagined.
There are communities built around small airports with hangers for homeowners, communities with stables with horses and pasture rights.  Why not have the directly adjacent homes be billed as "motorsports homes"  with some amenities associated to the racetracks?  Builders could build every house with pole barns with lifts in them.  Then all the people will like the sounds of race cars and have some vested interest in the tracks.
Emails sent
I’m coming cleet I’m booking flights from australia atm the aussies gotta ya Back
Emails sent from Arkansas!
Give em an inch they take a mile. Stand your ground.
This is gonna be a hard one to win. I feel that the city is going to prefer the 4500 homes and growth that will bring vs the racetrack. Especially as gas powered vehicles are being viewed as evil. Good luck my friend.
Sent and subbed to follow-up👍
If only there were processe4s in place for houses not to be built next to commercial or industrial properties ... 😬
I hope you fight them cleet this happens in Australia
I live next to a drag strip only, in UG Wisconsin. I can clearly hear the drag cars and Im easily 2 miles away. When there is jet cars, we always get new people thinking there is explosions in town and this track is “outside” of town. That and at night, there is no such thing as dark. Especially with cleets power of the sun lights.
I grew up within shouting distance of E-Town, Old Bridge Raceway Park. I lived close enough to get free tickets do to sound but it was out in the sticks so to speak. Then tons of homes got built by the time I was a teenager and by the time I was 25-30 they were shutting down. They use to hold NHRA Finals there and now it’s just a lil motocross and it’s a really shame. If your local to Garrett and his tracks please go support him in the most respectful way you can. HELL YEAH BROTHER!!
If you guys would just all get Teslas this wouldn't be an issue. 🤦‍♂️  🤣
Got my oppose email sent from here in Iowa!!! It’s just one but I know it’s going to need a lot!! I got your back we CANNOT let this industry die!!!!
Start contacting governor Ron Desantis.  You have celebrity friends,  get them to help out and contact state representatives
Emails will be filled out. I wish I could be there to help out but I just can't.    Wish for the best for you man.
I'm from the netherlands. Does it have impact if i send a email ?
This sounds like some California bullshit. Sickening.
I shared this with several thousand people.   I hope some of them come and support you!
This is a classic case of a greedy landowner trying to build houses on very cheap land and then after they build homes on it and everyone moves in, the new homeowners hire lawyers to shut down the track. It happened near where I live. A track had been built in the middle of nowhere for 30 years. A mental midget bought the land right next to it, built around 20 homes on the land and then hired lawyers to close the track down for noise.
Western speedway just got shutdown because of same thing sadly
Wouldn’t need to build all those houses if they finished the border wall…..
The housing market is going down and might crash so you should be okay. Am in  Construction in Florida and we've slowed down a lot in residential
I may be far away from your county, but the impacts the racetracks there have made across the country and to myself are something to be considered when this ordinance comes across your desk.  As an engineering enthusiast I knew about Manatee County for the Skyway, but personally I wouldn't make a trip just for that. But the 2 world class race tracks are another story.  I have plans for the future to visit Manatee County to attend one of the amazing events these tracks put on. I, like 10s of thousands of others, plan to make a trip from across the country just to go to these tracks, bringing traffic to local businesses, hotels, and other services that come along with tourism.  This proposition to build houses so close to 2 well established and loved race tracks is inevitably a death sentence to the tracks.  My grandfather told me stories of a track less than 20 minutes from my house that he frequented when he was young. The same sad story that could play out in Manatee County, played out here. Houses were built near by, complaints were filed, and the track was throttled until closure.  He loved that track, everyone did, to the point where 30+ years after its closure there is still a car show in its remembrance.  Don't like the former Desoto Speedway/Freedom Factory and Brandenton Motor Speedway follow the same path.  Those housing contracts may be nice, but nothing could fill the hole left behind by these 2 monoliths of racing.  Please think with your mind and your heart.   That's my full email, copy and paste idc, figured I'd share for some inspiration.
I will email them for you
Please hold a protest Cleet
If you could organise a mass purchase of the land and turn it into Mulletdom or something you  would be able to sell legit titles.
YOU NEED TO TELL THESE GUYS IF ITS NOT AT A RACE TRACK ITLL BE IN THEIR STREETS
I wish I could come to it 😔
This is exactly what killed the track that I grew up going to.  Definitely onboard to help.
Good luck brother I would be there if I didn't live on the opposite coast
My buddies brother bought the only house right next to the one we had but he dragged raced too lol
Watch them say “do electric drag cars” LOSERS!!!
Similar stuff is happening here around our local small town circle track, some people just done like fun
I’m sorry to say I would bet your race track that the people sitting on these county commissioners seats are out to shut your track down because of its success. Do a little bit of research and to who is approving the 4500 homes they either make money form it or they’re climate change activists. Best of luck, really enjoying what you do!
Do people relizes the amout food that land can produce i can care less about the houses u the land for what it was ment to be nature is loseing the battle  here i also belive  in cleet this just stupied cleet but all that money all that time and just out of nowhere  they want to build houses if thats the case I belive they should pay every thing cleet did up till now they don't care to them cleets a number am sorry to say it but its true  in less u have billons of money that is how the law treats people some times but this is how I truely feel so don't be mad i was just speaking my mind but for what its worth I hope cleet wins
Pure greed from they're side , shouldn't be allowed to build houses there
That dumb chick is just looking after her own pocket. What a joke!!
This sucks. The same thing is happening here in Cape Town with our ONLY racetrack/Dragstrip Killarney international raceway. People move in next to a race track, then complain about the race track. This is the really the dumbest kind of people there are.
You need to post this on your main channel garret. This deserves all the attention in the world.
Can you please do an online petition because I would love to come and support but I live in Australia. An online petition can get many numbers quickly… Get it on your social media channels asap
This is not going to work for the freedom factory.  You have put your money and life into this place.  It keeps people off the street and the death toll down when they have a place to race.
I'm losing wild horse pass in phoenix for a stupid highway ramp to help with traffic (because more highways is what helps that, totally). And I'm tired of people closing historic tracks like that. The world of racing needs SO MUCH HELP RIGHT NOW! I'll compose and email and send it in clete, I'm going to try my hardest to help you save these tracks.
I highly doubt I’ll be of much help being from New Zealand but I sent through the email I hope the catch a wake up and realise it’s not a good idea to build 4000+ homes next to race tracks
Emails sent from the UK
We've got the same issue in little New Zealand. Western Springs Speedway has been racing where it has for over 90 years. It now has to move because of houses complaining about the noise and dirt.
Hell Yeah Brother! Save Bradenton & the Freedom Factory!
Please put the email addresses in the comments. I can't copy & paste them on my phone with them in the description only.
Push for the closest area to the track become industrial area to buffer a zone around the track this will dampen the sound for homes on the other side better than a fence for sure (maybe an angle to push if posible)
Classic case of greedy developers wanting to make a buck. Wonder how many people on that committee you were speaking to are making money in that deal. It's unfair that they want to out people next to a track that's been there a half century, and then the track having to pay the price. What a bunch of BS
Just lost our local track here in San Antonio texas a year back
Fuck them hire a lawyer and sue the developers they knew that place has been there forever they have no right to build homes next to it then tell you what you can can't do on your own property
Done! Good luck, hope this works out. That being said, I'd probably buy one of those houses next door.
Someone get DeSantis on the phone
Done cleeter
all subs come together and buy some of that land and lets build a massive track
Well said bud, you gave a great presentation
you’re going to get through this
Opposed For CLEETER!
Let me get this, right? They are complaining about noise before the homes are built? Don't build there then problem solved
We got your back Cleetus!
Are people from foreign countries (I’m from the Netherlands) allowed to oppose? Because if so, I’ll also email.
Email sent from Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada
Living in Virginia I can’t quite make it down there but brother that email is sent. Love you guys and what you do, y’all give me something to look forward to every day. Truly do hope that this works out for you
Plot twist, 4,500 subscribers with race cars and no mufflers move in 😝😭
Same thing is happening to shooting ranges. Redneck discrimination. Where's the ACLU?
Please keep fighting this Cleeter. From the PNW Pacific raceways formerly known as Seattle international raceway constantly faces threats of shutdowns from all the upset HOA's. and even now they face strict sound curfews and need special permits for NHRA events that go past these curfews. Monroe raceways which was formerly a whelen track has similar issues. Gotta stop those developers man.
Plenty of zoned land available but it costs more. They want to make money from buying up farmland then using it for development. The only reason for this is greed.  This is what planning departments should be there to avoid but it looks a lot like they are on the take when they are allowing things like this one after another.
Sending an email from Tennessee. We're with you son. Hell yeah brother.
You're going to have to bring hard income numbers to the table if you want to convince them that making a decision that results in the shut down of the tracks is a terrible financial move for the local government. Give them an actual number of taxable revenue that would evaporate if the tracks shut down. That's the only thing that will change their mind because the developers have already given them promises of income from home sales, and they will do every shady move they know to sell those homes right next to a loud race track.
Bummer man, was only time though. You might want to look into buying the land.
I support the cause of keeping the freedom Factory open! 🤜🤛 I Will Do my best to send to all of Them a e-mail saying that i oppose on that zonning! 💙✌️
Everyone who emails don't forget to like the video
So here in Arizona we have Luke Airforce Base where the f35 is being tested and a community was built next to it that knew that it was there. They started to complain and tried to get the base shut down and mived and they lost.
Everyone should show up in there drag cars so they truely understand the noise that a few thousand racecars truely sound like!
Killdozer vibes
sent 'em and email... as a Florida land owner and tax payer this kind of thoughtless development creates nothing but problems for everyone but the developers, who take the money and leave the problems. Hope y'all win this!
The ag land needs to be kept AG. Anything surrounding a 51 yr old race track needs to keep at a distance.
email sent
It’s very true that Karens can get a track shut down. We had one form of legal drag racing in San Diego it was in the parking lot of Qualcomm stadium. People complaining about the noise was definitely a factor in it eventually being shut down. Lawmakers in FL seem to have a little more common sense than ones out here in California so hopefully they make the right call and decide not to build homes next to the tracks
Done
We aren't dealing with our track closing yet, but the housing development locally has over crowded our town by an awful amount. The fact that they do not consider this alone is saddening.
It is so strange, that in the US, which is still mostly empty, people want to build homes right next to a veeery loud place…
That Karen and those demorats need to leave.
Just sent the email, I wish I could make it down, but getting a flight right now would be a little too hefty. I hope our outreach helps, and they don't get too many crazies in their emails. Best of luck!
Thats what’s happening to bandimere. Right across the highway they are developing homes and now those people are complaining especially when the mile high nats happen. Its sad because its the best track in Colorado.
Mabie buy the land? I hate that they are constantly trying to cover all the land in house's and apartments
Ridiculous. If the tracks closed then stuff will move to the street and people will complain. Basically no matter what, people complain. People suck.
Be cool if the developers got with y’all and and created a second neighborhood close to the track and offered a drag friendly neighborhood. Paying a fee to use the drag strip on certain times…. Like a hoa for drag racing
Done and Done
Hate to say it but you're onto a lost cause. There's too much money in building homes, plenty of back handers going on also. So what ever you do, you'll lose. Money talks.
Noooooooooo.
Similar situation to my local race track here in the uk, Brands Hatch in kent uk has a similar problem with neighbours vs noise abatement, maybe worth looking into how they deal with it, i hope you get the result you want , much love from the UK
Email sent
Please post this on your main channel. You have more people that care about this and hopefully it can create a bigger impact on this
Fuck yea ! Emailing them today!
Please start a go fund me and try to reach out to the land owners and see if we can make an offer on the land itself.
We just lost a track on Vancouver island Canada from nasty developers as well.
Email sent to them all from New Zealand. Good luck and I hope thousands of people show up in support on the 15th
People move in and complain then no more drag strip. It happened to both of my local tracks. 7580 dragway and Capitol Raceway. It makes me sick.
never mind figured it out
Post this on the main channels dude. Deserves way more attention
Can’t even describe how mad this makes me. Luckily up here in Wisconsin, my local track just guaranteed this couldn’t happen because the neighboring land is being converted to a large solar farm. Hopefully this can be opposed and the freedom factory can continue operation as usual.
I sent in my email. Maybe be a little less harsh on us Tesla owners. We support your channel too ;) lol
In Beijing, the city’s airport was built so many years ago. There is a law that requires enough forbidden zone around the air port. But guess what, some developers managed to get a land within the forbidden zone, and dump people moved in! So they complained about it, but guess what, this time the airport is not going anywhere, if you don like you can either move out or suck a sausage.
Just sent my email out. Anything I can do to help!
I hate that our track here Wild Horse pass in PHX is shutting down. Sending love Garrett!
Email sent from your home state! Good luck, what a shame it would be. You and your neighbor have worked so hard on renovations over the last few years.
Kind of like when they build next to a pig farm or cow farm then complain about the smell. I remember years ago seeing one about a pig farm that was there for 150 years and they were trying to get it shut down and removed..
Wish you the best Cleetus!
Even if they do develop the area that does not mean that they can shut down the existing track. If it does get approved id suggest putting fliers all around the area letting people know that there are loud cars that race in the area. I would think it would effect the sales of the new properties quite a bit.
You should see if MR BEAST can buy the property next to the freedom factory and grow veggies for his restaurant thus saving the freedom factory!!!
Can we crowd source fund the purchase of a ton of that acreage?
the drag strip produces similar sound levels to an airport so to do the same sort of earth works as an airport to reduce the noise effectively it should only take up half of their land
Welcome to the party, they do this to hobby sized airports and get rid of that hobby, they get rid of modding to cars due to the “environment” when they don’t even test actual tailpipe emissions on cars here in CA anymore, they try to zone out, regulate or remove hobbies they deem barbaric or no longer in style or promotes a culture and spirit of overall freedom.  I’ve been saying for years the 2A community and car guys need to band together as they do the same thing to all shooting ranges near me, attempting to zone it out and push it out of existence.
Buy Some more land... put in car oriented business , or things that will make money when you have events Good luck buddy ,  you are defiantly right this would kill a race track ...
Bet it'a brown envelope time for the officials just like here in the UK. Wish you all the luck in the world but money wins ever time. Good luck.
SAY NO WAY TO PA
i live next to a major freeway with a 25 foot block wall, you can hear the traffic although it does help. this is bad news for racing, I hope they dont allow new development as it has forced tracks here to close not long after homes were built.
Got the emails sent out! Good Luck, I wish I could be there in person to support, but unfortunately on short notice, I don't think my Job would like that.
I grew listening to the races at night. That track was at least 5 miles away from my house. As much as I'd love to have a drag strip in my backyard I wouldn't want to listen to it on the other side of my fence. Good luck and I wish you the best.
Sent here from Rainman Rays channel, will email them, good luck
I got your back !! Sent my email
The reason we have so little Motorsports in America.   Of course most of those homes probably came after the track.  It pisses me off that builders do this crap and pay off commissioners to get this crap passed.  Instead of forcing the contractor or developer to pay the track to move, they do this crap to get them to be shut down instead.   The big problem is that the taxes on 4500 $500k + homes will be huge.   We just lost Palm Beach International Raceway so this is it for the Southern Half of Florida, and that will make this track even more successful and important.
I HATE seeing this happen, like you bought the house next to a race track of course you will hear race cars!! I'm in Ohio so can't make it to the board meeting but I'll be sending emails to everyone of those addresses so I can one day see a race at THE Freedom Factory. HELL YEAH BROTHER!!!
Our track in Medford oregon. Has stipulations that people that are wanting to live or build next to the track, they are not allowed to complain about the noise at all! This seems to work well, but still has a some small challenges. This is exactly how tracks die though. Pats acres AKA Parc, just had this same exact issue and do not allow drifting anymore. (Chelsea Denofa's home track) If I lived in Florida I would be there on the door step letting them know that I OPPOSE!
Englishtown racetrack in NJ closed its drag strip after constant restrictions for sound. They built housings all around the racetrack and the small airport that's right next to the racetrack. Then the new home owners started complaining about every loud car that went down the track. Plus they complained about traffic during big events like diesel nationals and super chevy and every other events. Then after tons of lawsuits it closed the drag strip. They still do other events like swap meets, flea markets drift events etc.
I just sent the emails Cleet!  I hope everyone else will too!  All these people see is all the money all these homes will give them
trying but link won't work
Get whistlin diesel and demo ranch to support you and you’ll have a army standing behind you!
Buy the property
Sent my email! In addition to what you said I said "These racetracks are of Historical value. They got moved far away from homes to operate. Why would we be bringing homes next to them? Waivers, don't work. Tall sound barriers, don't work. What does work is keeping homes away, I do not want the racetracks I travel 2300 miles to and have supported for years, to be closed down."
I got you man! We have to keep your track going. They can go build gosh dang houses somewhere else y’all where already there
We had this issue with the sugar factory, people buy cheap property right next to it and put up a big house then complain about the smell of the sugar beets. When they stir the ponds at the factory it stinks, there’s no doubt but that sugar factory has been there stinking for many years. I’ll be praying 🙏🏻 for you guys.
Good luck mate , if they build those homes , there want the track shut down, we have this problem  with are short oval banger racing tracks , like With lost Matchams Raceway at Ringwood  Uk .its been sold  yet there's been racing there for about 60 yrs , There going to build a retirement village on our track
they closed all the race tracks in my area and now sideshow culture is out of control.
I have been watching you ever since the original turbo whistles in your corvette exhaust, with you till the end brother
Buy the land. Make it profitable.
Out here in Arizona we are losing our beloved wild horse west drag strip and drift course, I believe they used to hold off road events as well and it’s closing for free way off ramp and more shopping malls
Homes lead to people, lead to liability, and complaining. And that's the end of them.
Post the description in the comments. My phone won't let me copy and paste the description.
No to removal of ALR.  Ensure food security for Florida.
Brother We have to stop this Development. This is our Backyard. We are in Brothers and Sisters. Be Professional  Yes Sir. FL Crew We should Contact Governor DeSantis Office.  ty
I just sent my emails hell yeah brother
Emailed each one of them individually!
Let’s just pitch in and all try to buy the land near it. If everyone pitches in 10 buck multiply it by 3 million that’s 30 million I got a 500 hundred on it. I love your content and what you are doing and stand for.
Well didn't manatee county fuck up lmao. Bout to get dragged. Literally
Ya’ll are just gonna have to start racing EVs lol jk. I hope this doesn’t go through.
thx for the info! and yes, ur are 100% correct, in the long term it does nothing but fall on you, and thats not right, you where there first. fk that sub developer, shoulda done his research b4 he baught the land to build on. We will happly stand by your side. Time to do what i do best, and make some phone calls.
its total bullshit that now rite when youve bought it they wanan do this you have enough fans that this wont be a problem to prevent this happening
Hey. Cleet, I'll be happy to write an email. I race in Phoenix AZ and the sound requirements here put an active choke on the motorsport opportunities. We're artificially limited to 96db on full road courses. It literally forces racers to bend to the will of home owners and chokes out a city that already is losing our drag strip to this same thing. Keep fighting the good fight.
This happened near my hometown I'm Eugene, Oregon. We had balboa drag strip 44.052462,-123.181956 and Eugene speedway 44.045261,-123.172577 and they're both gone.
I am ALL for supporting you guys on this one Garrett! My sincere email had been sent! I hope we can make a BIG enough splash to be heard! Racing is to important to be pushed out and supersedes.
Dude just get a bunch of people together and buy up the land that they are trying to get
Sounds like an industrial area if you ask me.
I sent the emails, Other then the important info that is required this was the personal message I included, "I grew up in El Cajon California where we had a 3/8ths oval track just like the Freedom Factory formerly known as DeSoto Speedway. Our track was closed because of the noise that it created. What has been revived with The Freedom Factory in the racing community has given many racers an amazing place to compete. It is my plan to eventually come out and spend time in your area in the near future to relive some childhood memories. I know that I am not from the area but I would really hate to see another racing facility go to pasture. Wild Horse Pass, a local drag strip here in my area is about to close because of development and it breaks my heart. There are fewer and fewer tracks across the United States and it is making it harder and harder for motorsports enthusiasts to have safe places to compete.  Regards" I stand with you brother!!!
You got it sir. Can't let the track die. I have seen a lot of home town tracks disappear.
This same thing happened in Jax Florida with our 1/8 mile track. It was built in a rural area but they started building houses close to it. People started to complain and next thing you know they had to close the track early. Then it was sound limits and after that they closed down. They already decided and the right pockets got paid already.
Done
Exactly what's happening here. Im in South Africa KwaZulu Natal. We have a Small Airport here, called Cirginia Airport, its for smaller plains upto Citation jets and helicopters, it was known to be one of the busiest  airports in South Africa. This airport has been here for 60 odd years. Now in the past 20 or so years Residents who knew the airport was there when they purchased their properties and built their houses. By the way these properties are cheaper because of the noise factor of planes coming and going 24/7, they are now moaning about the noise at night ( basically all the time) and guess what the authorities has now banned planes from coming or going at night, and the airfield is dying down a slow death. I cant understand how thick the authorities can be. All you meed is 1 person with the right connections to purchase in that place and they will push that development through. You better fight this development to the end, and invite the judge to one of your races.
Everyone get behind this, here in my city in Australia we have seen all races tracks die and now the closest one is 2 hrs out of town…. Not good
Hope you got lawyers brother there going to try imminent  domain on you  if you pray  I don't but if you do start praying
I'm not american, I am canadian BUT I would love to support the track, the channel and everyone involved but I'd assume my hands are tied out here? Would my email even count? I would come in person but i doubt theyd let me across the boarder to oppose a bill lol but i could be wrong... youtube comment lawyer's help me out, id like to help but idk if i can.
Cody, bring General Lee down and support Cleetus!
They close tracks, airports, shooting ranges, and military bases because of noise despite people knowing that these things were there first.
Let the man keep his track! If I had a track near my house growing up, I would have gotten into cars much earlier. We need more grease monkeys!!! Thumbs Up and comment to feed the algorithm!
Emailed from Spokane WA Cleet we got this, let's see if we can get Cody to help out!
Dude, just follow the money. You will get your answer...
Waco part 2 on the way 🎉
Email sent brother!
Regardless of what happens, never let the local authorities control your business or how you operate. Let the houses come and and stand strong.
I would strongly suggest that u guys bring up the fact that without a race track ppl will only go to the streets to get their racing done which is far more of a problem than loud cars racing on an actual track!
Buy the land around the track?
maybe try and get slick and buyout the land from underneath the group?   Then when you sign the check you just look at the group and fly that middle finger and say " hell naw, to the naw naw "
Better go electric quick. NIMBY is everywhere in America.
Let's go Cletus your words are sky crappers u got this in the bag brotha
Post this to your main channel since this is a big freakin deal.
Sent an email to all of them really hope this doesn't pass
Email Sent from Clearwater Florida!
Fly me out I’ll be there
There will be thousands of people there. Please film this.
This going to be a hard one. Might lose sadly. The amount of money they’ll-are going to make from 4,000+ housings is millions.   Really hope you win
Nothing the racetrack offers compares to what they’ll get in taxes from these developments.  They don’t care, they WANT the tracks to die
Good luck ,what about outward facing noise canceling speakers...cos they (developers) have politicians in their pockets
Fight on, brother, because before everybody knows it there's gonna be a bunch of whiny people there gotta wanna shut it down. Fight like hell.
Right after the drag strip spent a ton on new surface and you got the freedom factory running like a top. Start reaching out to other counties to move both tracks to. Make sure manatee county catches word of it. Sell it as a motor sports park of the future. Boat racing,rc racing, defensive driving course, drag strip, freedom oval, mud bog.  Dream big.
Show up.
Just happened to Western Speedway on Vancouver Island. Almost 70 years of racing down the tube because they built houses closer and closer and the complaints got louder and louder and the district sided with the homeowners. At Pacific Raceway outside of Seattle some goof built a house right in front of turn 7 and then complained about the noise. Restricted hours of operation then followed.
Help cleet out guys we need these tracks and love em cleet needs us and he’s provided to us all this time its our turn
we suport you i hope it workout for you just send the E-mail from Denmark
Start a gofundme to buy the property from the owners of the land. Call out the company who is selling the land as properties if anything!
You are fighting the money monster! Good luck!
Done. On behalf of Australia!!
Sell all the blocks to Cleetus subscribers only. It would be a real community of enthusiasts.
Homeowners should be required in the contract that they sign to buy to houses to swear they won't moan or grumble about the noise of the racetracks. It comes with the area. An offroad motorbike track in my town died the same way, old people bought the houses right next to it and started crying about the noise, calling the police and going as far as throwing bottles to the people using the track. In the end, my town let them win and closed the track. I kept using the abandoned track for years anyway until it was too overgrown with stuff to be usable. Might grab a chainsaw, some rakes and restore it, just to stick it to that kind of people.
What I don't understand is how you can back something like that up to something that's been there for years that's been generating money for not only you but the community and the local government there because there's taxes there's stuff you pay to be there I don't understand how somebody can just say how we're putting this here an  your fucked
Good luck Cleetus. This has been the cause of the deaths of a lot of racetracks in Australia
Freedom factory & the strip helps keep hooligans off the street and give them a legal place to drive their cars for the purpose in which they were built.
just spitballing some reasons to oppose   if housing is put adjacent to the race tracks they'll probably close.     if they close people are gonna race on the streets   if they close you lose travel, fuel, service, lodging, logistics, etc commerce/jobs   if they close the urban sprawl will just leapfrog or accelerate.     People might actually move to these new houses because they're near tracks and then they would relocate.   Being able to race year-round here draws in extra money in the winter, but also obviously attracts content creators/investors (boosted boiz, you, etc), which then attract more reasons to come to Bradenton.   "Florida man" is a brand and the race tracks are safe (legal) spaces for Florida Men  If the new housing demand is high build them next to a quiet golf course, that's where Florida houses are supposed to be built.  We don't build new houses next to airports for a reason, zoning obviously needs to consider "loudness".  We can't move the racetracks to the industrial parks or the airport.  4000 homes is ~10,000 more people needing access to Lake Manatee.  Is that infrastructure in place, can the ecosystem handle that? Saying shutting down race tracks is woke or leftist or something, that might play well with some.  If you can't get around this zoning thing, maybe there's some kind of informed consent or something buyers/HOAs would have to agree to and that is you live next to a racetrack with loud cars and your complaints will not be heard.. you signed up for this.  And then maybe a compromise on hours the high noise is allowed.  There are lots of reasons to fight urban sprawl, and a lot of the arguments are already prewritten.  Google some key terms "urban sprawl pros cons" and "fighting urban sprawl."  Or look up how others were successful in preventing it.  Good luck, Cleet.
Emails sent  I hope we all come together and beat this situation. Alotta folks are here for ya cleetus.
Yeah it's not if they would complain, it's WHEN! they would they complain. You know as well as me the Yankee Doodle Dandy's that are moving into this state in droves, and let me tell you no amount of sound barrier ( most of which has been proven in-effective anyways ) will prevent complaints. We had a similar situation locally, but it was for an Airport, that was operating a pilot training program, and next thing you know homeowners in the flight path start complaining about the increased traffic, and guess what? No more flight school. Absolutely will be the death of not one, but TWO historic tracks indefinitely, if this isn't stopped
I stood up for a race track in my home town.   My guess is the city will do what it wants and you will lose you bushes.  This is sad but when politicians see more tax income  you will lose.  I hope not but I have faith in weak minded politicians.
I will be praying for you.
I live in Ware MA, and we put a race track in about 10 years ago (2.5 mile road course) called Palmer Motorsports Park.  Actually owned by a guy in Florida. Lol  Small town, lots of complaints from home owners.  Unfortunately for them, the money the track brings in to the area, is to much to be overlooked (and its a private track so no public viewing)  Regardless of the complaints, the track thrives. (when there are 25 built exotic cars on the track, you can here it for miles.  And its wayyyyy up in the woods on top of the mountain and can still here for miles) People come from all over the country to race here.  Magazines come to do cover shoots here.  There are ways to win!  Especially with a following like yours.
This is just the racecar track version of yellowstone lol
This is pretty much what happened to a lot of our race tracks in California.  They built houses around, then race track goes bye bye
They're building after the track was there.  That's they're problem.   They knew it was there.
We lost a drag strip before I could even remember here in East Texas(Hallsville). The amount of stories that I’ve been told that came from that track are endless. Now there’s a housing development built right down the strip! There’s still rubber on the roads! Hope the FF stays forever!!
Buy the land all 2,700 acres lol
Sent an email from long island ny. Freedom factory aint got nothing to worry about.
I understand Clerter wasn’t trying to come off this way but i think he may have focused a little to much on the success of the racetrack and not as much on how much revenue he brings, he may have been trying to allude to that but i didn’t think it was as clear!
Good luck. I hope you get a good turn out & the desired result.  I'd hate to see the Freedom Factory & the drag strip shut down due to a bunch of whining tossers
Buy the land 🤟
🔥🙌🙏
Commissioners will do whatever makes them money, not you or the county. They will only give you lip service unless your bid to stay is higher than the developer's bid to win over the commissioners.
Wishing you luck! Been watching from the very beginning and we have the numbers to win! Minnesota
Dood.  This reminds me of the Orange County Raceway in Tustin California in 1983. The last drag race.
Email to all links sent from elizabeth Pennsylvania
Man this is so sad I hope people power really makes a difference  And u stop it from going ahead
Swear these people build homes next to race tracks simply for the fact to put small business owners under.
Saw this coming
You're competing with lobbyists  from the developer's  lining the pockets of your county commissioners.  It doesn't matter how many people you have.  It all comes down to $$$ . I hope you win this because it does suck see developers do this all across the country.
Good luck. But they are looking at the tax revenue of those 4500 homes. The track and what it brings isn’t a drop in the bucket. This is how racing will be phased out.
Email sent 🤞
This can't be happening, so how do we all the Cleetus fans go about chipping in and buy this piece of property, we don't need more apartments we need good racetracks and entertainment for hard working Americans that bring in alot of money to the area for a fun experience in return.  We get that from FF, and Bradenton sports park.
EMAILS SENT BROTHER! 🇺🇸🤘🏻🇺🇸🤘🏻 glad I could help all the way from Massachusetts. WE ALL LOVE YOU GUYS AND WILL DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!❤❤❤
Unfortunately property taxes on a yearly basis are more lucrative than yearly good tax on prospective tourist/visitor to the area.   All about the money
GOD speed breather
Racetrack was there first.. I have a Race track to my west and an Air Force base to my east... They'll get used to it..
Alright, im a Texas resident but gah damn dude I can relate due to all this building and growth is annoying. Literally just causes so much inflation, eco destruction and migration. They don’t even try to justify and public transportation like foreign countries and I use that point that it just creates more unnecessary traffic. Used to be able to drive into dallas in 20 mins as I live 25 miles away but now it’s 45 due to traffic. (GOD AWFUL) that’s my rant but I hope you guys do whatever y’all can to prevent them from building… smh  Side note, I am in no way shape or form a Karen but they just built a race track near me which is cool but the sound does get a little annoying but I would never complain. I’d complain more about homes being built.
This is the shit that happened in Ontario, we have a whole slew of tracks up here, but builders move in, build homes,  home owners see the track before they buy.. but buy anyway, complain about the noise,  county sees  home owners pay more taxes, they win, track is closed..  Stupid people getting their way is the norm now.  Your ONLY option, now is to buy up land around this land to segregate it, make any building on that land in hospitable. Because taxes are what guide a county.
I pray that whoever goes truly is respectful. Any bad blood is a nail in the coffin :(
These shitbag devlopers do this all over the place. They pay off the county to get all these homes built right next to a race track. Then the new home owners complain track gets shutdown then the devlopers buy the land for a fraction of what it's worth.
Make our own nurburgring in the states. I know that's a moonshot.
They're trying to do the same thing with Sacramento California Speedway I've been trying to get people's votes to keep it alive
they did the same here in canada , there was a track in saint eustache , very famous track here , and they still close it ! :(
Garrett it looks like it time to sell the track and get as much money out of it as you can before all this happens
This is what happened to Islip Speedway in New York.
Hello
I stay in Cape Town, South Africa and i know for a fact a 25ft wall/barrier/fence is NOT going to eliminate noise to homes right next to the track.  I stay 11kms which is 6.8 miles away from a racetrack/drag strip here in cape town and i can hear those guys racing over weekends and practicing during the week and we dont have nearly as noisy cars as some of the V8's and straight piped vehicles that race in America.  I really hope that the people local to you, help you to prevent this from happening.  I wish you all the best and all the luck to NOT let this happen!
You're right. This is how race tracks die. Of course, it'll be the race track's fault for being in their way. 🙄
If I could, I'd drive from KC to be there Thursday but it's just not possible.  I emailed all those addresses tho, hope it helps!  LONG LIVE THE FREEDOM FACTORY
BOOM! Sent from Townsville QLD Australia!!
IF THE DEAL STILL GOES THROUGH, WE SHOULD ALL MOVE IN NEXT DOOR!
Emails sent!!
Tell everyone that shows up they can spend the rest of the day at the track.. I'm sure 1000s can be there at 9a.m ...
This is what I was afraid of. They keep allowing developers to build too close to areas where noise is known to be a problem and yet want to have complaint about something that was there long before.
True case of everyone needs to show up and back you up
Race track preservation over our kids dying in street racing is a no brainer plus it is bringing a continuous income into the area. No to urban sprawl.
I hope a lot of people show up. And send emails.
Dude I live in a small town where there racetrack is the ONLY thing bringing In people to the city, and the nearest houses are 3-400 yards away and people still complain. I can’t imagine what this would bring.
OMG!
Yo I got you
I sent my emails! Motorsports is an important part of the American culture and history and must be protected so that the future generations could enjoy them.
Whistlindiesel, do your thing!!
Just buy the land Cleetus!!!
We need to all get in touch with governor Ron desantis’ office. This is something he might be on board with if we try
Gees what idiots, they are just seeing doller signs and not thinking, i suggest you make sure you make such a noise that their development goes belly up. That is exactly why there's such a thing as transition zones. Its like building a housing development next to an airport. I truly hope you can talk sense into these peoples minds. So some idiot saw this cheap piece of land ( being cheap because its next to a race track) and thought hmmm i can make millions.
Email sent and we stand with you in TN, stay strong brother.
A case studio to look into, Evergreen Speedway in Monroe WA. They host Formula Drift, Nascar and the state fair.    There is a similar development about 80% done up above the track. MainVue Homes is one of several.  The track is 0.5 mi to 0.7 mi away from the homes. In spite of a hill, large sections of mature forest and the distance. In brand new well insulated homes. You can hear the cars.  The track has been there for decades. Similar situation of people knew they were moving near a racetrack. But I don't think people consider how often they are open. With multiple events throughout the week
We had a dirt track here.  A guy in the community didn't like it.  He bought the property across the street and built a house.  After 20+ of the operation, the track was closed.  Good luck it is not fair for you to have something for years, then have to deal with this because people dont research what they buy like they should.
Need whistlindiesel to spark some more fire in this to help save the track! Seen what he did for the kid and the tractor 🤣
The people just don’t care about this which is unfortunate. The county will make way more money on taxes by putting up the homes. I completely agree with you it will be the death of all the race tracks and drag strips country wide. These money hungry property eating people care about nothing but money. I wish I still lived in Bradenton because I would be there in person. I moved back to PA 12 years ago. I can promise you I will go to the links below and sign as much as I can and send it to as many people as I can to try and get this turned around!! Y’all who care about racing and this channel need to come together now even more than against the EPA bullshit and get in touch with these people to get it over turned!!
I suggest looking into the rules regarding other commercial noise producers like airports and what they historically have had to do regarding sound?
Email sent 🫡
Money talks
Sent an email :)
Damn
Band together buy the land
i live in Pa cant do much but email Ron DeSantis let him know how much the race track and car community just mean to use.
Exactly how we lost Texas World Speedway in College Station, TX. It’s all gone now, 100% bulldozed with cookie cutter, cheap houses in it’s place.
My father lost his race track in Lincoln Nebraska the same way
Sent from Raytown Missouri. Thoughts and prayers out to everyone at Bradenton Motorsport Park and the Freedom Factory. We got this!
I just emailed the folks on your list at 11:45 p.m. hoping it'll do good brother
If you want to save the tracks buy the property around them or your fate is sealed only a matter of time. This is America and you can’t tell one man they can’t do what they want to with their property so you can keep doing what you want on your property. It sucks for sure set up a go fund me to buy the property or pay the land owner off
Sad but your screwed , its only a matter of time ,  at least you have a few years before the end .
Email has been sent brother
Keep racing alive !!!
Asking everyone to show up is just absurd 🤣.
Another submission from oz just topped up another beurocrats inbox!
We stopped a subdivision based on the effect of water run off next to an airfield (which would eventually kill us off).  When rain falls on farmland the foliage slows the run off water down.  When rain falls on roofs, roads, foot paths, driveways, etc and then into drains the run off is much faster (no foliage to slow it down)  and this can cause flash flooding downstream in the run off zone on other properties.  I don't know the lay of the land but this may be food for thought.
If only it could be a permanent bylaw that homes in that area can't complain lol.
Email Sent, we have to save the Freedom Factory!
You put up a great argument at that hearing but I also think that you have quite the fight ahead. We used to have three times the amount of tracks 20 years ago as we do now in Washington State and the one in my town closed a few years ago and million dollar houses now sit on the property that they can't even sell because the pandemic messed up the economy. As much as everyone would like it they aren't tearing down those empty homes and putting the track back. I don't see them filling up any time soon so the entire location is a waste of space right now.  You drove right by that old track when you came to Port Angeles for the boat racing. It was West of Sequim before you get to the Port Angeles city limits across from the State Patrol office and weight scale. The old sign visible from the highway is all that's left and it's rusted away and barely readable these days. You'd have to know what it was to know what it is but we were promised that it would not be removed by anything except for nature and that promise has been kept so far.  I wish you much luck in your fight. You obviously have much support and hopefully it helps.
You should have also mentioned how local drag strips and race tracks allow for a legal and safe way for these hobbies I live in south Florida and we lack local tracks which leads to some tomfoolery
Amendment ✔️ Full name ✔️ Address ✔️ Email’s sent ✅ GOOD LUCK BROTHER 🤟🤟 This is exactly what is killing all the tracks and it’s disgusting 😢
Madd support from little old nz bud
DUDE WHY IS THIS NOT ON THE MAIN CHANNEL. THIS IS DEFCON 1 EMERGENCY STATUS That being said; FUCK THESE CORPORATE PIECES OF SHIT that knowingly put the livelihood and dedicated pastimes of thousands of people in imminent risk, just so they can make some money. This is disgusting and offensive.
Hell you can hear our little track 2 miles away. I love it but I’m sure ppl bit$h
Do you have to live in the county/ country to email?
Email sent! Love you and the whole crew Cleet!
Yeah I don't think they know how loud the freedom is. I am in the UK and my granma used to live 5 miles away from Santa Pod (legendary dragstrip). No problem in the village but take the dog for a walk a bit closer, so 3/4 miles away and theres no hiding the sounds of freedom. You could feel it when the top fuel boys are out! As a kid, I always loved it but homes so close to a racetrack is no bueno. Fences kind of work for road traffic, but it's a very different noise level which these planners have not taken into account.
Cleetus, you should know you have to pay to play. Start padding the pockets of these country commissioners. The developers of this land know who to pay and how to get that payment to them I  guarantee it. CLEETUS FOR MAYOR 2024!
Closing tracks is how street racing starts. What's the smarter thing to do? Close tracks and endanger people or give them a safe place to race
Best of luck on this Cleet, our local track luckily has the backing of the city and have told the people moving in the track isn't going anywhere anytime soon.
This is all going to come down to ONE thing and one thing only:  who has more money, you or the land developer?  That’s it.   Absolutely no amount of logic or negotiation will work.  This is all going to come down to who’s wealthier and can spread more money around to the people who make the decisions.
You where there first fuck em let them hear those engines red lining and smell the tyres burning
Written opposition sent from Seoul, Korea. As someone else said, the internet destroys geographic limitations and we believe in the growth and community of the racetrack. Luck in battle!
ok, this video needs to be shared with all gearheads like right now
is there any way for  people outside the US to help?
Email sent from Vancouver B.C, Canada! I'm Australian, I seen a drag strip close because of this exact reason where I used to live in Townsville, they promised to build another "motorsports complex" yeah that hasn't happened and this was 10+ years ago! Also, lakeside internation raceway on the Northside of Brisbane was closed for many years because of noise complaints and too many Karen's moving into the area, thankfully it's open for now, but I'm sure there are a lot of people that complain about the noise, such bullshit. Good on you for starting the fight early and with the power of the internet you might have a good chance, but don't underestimate the 4000+ land taxes the government will be receiving if this development goes ahead, and your little racetrack will not really be giving the local government any money compared to that, even though you bring some tourism to the area, they will play dirty, they will pay people off, someone stands to make a lot of money. Best of luck!
@High Frequency Radio  Anything you may know to help a fellow horsepower loving man out?
I just remembered you went to law school. Garrett you can get this done. No new homes!!
I am so sick of this shit! If a race track is there first anyone who moves into the area needs to shut the fuck up. No one held a gun to their heads to buy there. You know race cars are loud. Dont fucking live there.  They want to close you down and build yet another fucking golf course.  Dump a few hundred pounds of powered lead on the land. Perhaps you know someone with a helicopter? Than report the land to the EPA. They will stop the land from being used by humans for years once the gov gets involved.
This is the same way KCIR died, and it's what is keeping it from reopening in a new location.
Merica
They dont stop and think that tearing up a track or limiting events just leads to street racing which could actually get people hurt
What a crap show. Better start thinking ahead and find a huge piece of land to construct your dream. You have a huge foundation and now they are going to pick at it. Be smart.
I see this happening to Texas motor speedway and its saddening
Where’s whistlin at we need him here for this
Done I also threw my experience with this in my email as we had this very exact thing happen to our track. The track was there first and houses got built next to it and eventually shut the track down due to complaints for over 10 years it just now started resuming racing because the city bought it back.
Sent from Sydney Australia, for what its worth ! But hey, it cant hurt .....
Good luck all. Behave yourselves. No burnouts XD
Cleeter says the word there will be so many ppl show up the county meeting in support they will have to shut it down. we won't be letting go of any more of our racetracks
Bet… consider it done
Emailing now. I live far away but I work in development. You need to crush this now. If this is allowed even with the wall or whatever it’s only a matter of time before those residents kill the FF. Put this on your main channel please. Use the army you created. This is very serious.
I sent my email! I really hope I did it correctly. I'm not very tech savvy but I wanna help best I can and I'm in was state so I'm way to far to show up and help and can't afford to fly down to pop in for the day or I would total so that for our boy.
I live in Mansfield Texas. 10 minutes away from me and my good friends WAS kennendale drag strip. They built a retirement home near it. Now it no longer exists. Me and my fiends talk all the time about how much fun we used to have at the track
I'll help once I get my f-150 supercharged
Idk anything about sound and zoning but that was a great speech/presentation cleet!
Man I'm sorry this is happening to you guys so soon but this is the same old playbook they have used for decades now to shut down local tracks, it might not shut you down right away but they will just keep grinding away with more "regulations" and fines until you say uncle.
Sent my Email.
Boy I emailed damn near a book about how race tracks have positively influced my career (maybe not so much my bank account) and how closing facilities like this hinder inspiring future mechanics and other skill sets that the country is in extremely short supply of.
My family has property 6+ miles from Bristol speedway. You can hear the races, both drag racing and the circle track. Now wall exists to stop that kind of noise.
Sell the track it's the end...developer's are usually well contacted as to where you are probably not..and if you do win it will only be trouble fine restrictions ect ect...
I emailed everyone individually. I wasn’t able to copy and paste the description from my phone though. Good luck brother.
People forget cleat used to go to law school lol he don’t play
Cleet you need to write up a pre-written email for us to use.  Like i can write my own, but if you really want a lot of response you're gonna get a better result if people can just copy paste.  write up a few different formats so it doesn't look so spammy?
I oppose them doing this. Again like Garrett said “this is how race tracks close” Racing is a huge part of what makes America  American. I myself won’t be able to show up to this meeting but I support the freedom factory. I hope this message gets to you and I also hope that this doesn’t go through. Keep the race tracks alive!!!
I Emailed everyone in the description, I followed everything as close as I could, I wish you the best of luck man
Email sent!
We should crowd fund you to buy the land.
I wonder if you could throw a little bit of the fourth amendment of the constitution in there you’re not feeling safe in your property because of money hungry fools not saying you’re not trying to make money, but they’re being egregious towards it you’re trying to create a legacy for the little Ripper
Email sent to all adresses! I hope it helps!
Hopefully WD has some say on this. Him and government don’t get along lol
Hang in there! Get a good lawyer! Wish I could come support you Tuesday. I sent the emails, don’t let some pencil 🍆 with deep pockets get you down!
Call Ron. He will be on your side.
How about you write a letter to your guys god king Ron DeSantis
My grandfather lives 5 miles away from one of the biggest race tracks in the US. There's a forest surrounding the track for noise and you can still hear racers all day long. My grandmother lives right across the street from a circle track located in the center of her city. She sells her parking spots on race night and lets people park on her lawn.   The moral of the story is race towns need to respect their heritage and not let new money change old traditions.
Email sent, best of luck on Thursday.  Having grown up going to our local drag strip almost every weekend in the summertime, it is hard to see so many big tracks being torn down just to build some residential housing.
I sent them all emails hopefully our voices will be heard.
I would send an email, but i dont think they will care too much about an Australians opinion
Email send Guys. I been watching since day 1 from Sydney Australia.
I support you of course but fuck it dream big!
I OPPOSE seeing Laguna pipes at Freedom Factory! Emails sent!
Emailed. Good luck!
Done.
4500 homes? Dude that's a ton of property tax! They are drooling like wolves.... get out the stacks of benjis, you're in politics now...
can you buy the land ? I may not understand the whole deal but why not buy a few square blocks. This could buffer the sound further awayfrom the race track.
I vote NO on building homes next to a established business that will be shut down if homes are built.
Do I have to be in USA to email them 😂😂 best of luck guys
It is absolutely ridiculous so much that the only thing I can say about developers encroaching an establishment rooted for decades and new home buyers plopping down right next door is like not having the good sense to know that you're not going to like moving in next to a 24hr jackhammer testing and trials factory and expecting them to pay for you to not hear jackhammers running 24hrs next door.....you knew what was next door and buyers remorse is your problem not happy's jackhammer emporium  Some fuking people deserve a slap on the back of the head followed with a stern swift kick in the ass and told "gtfoh" !..."this is a dumb free zone" "go dumb somewhere else "
Emails sent ✅️
Anyone notice the lady behind cletus  she looks very annoying
Hey Cleetus, I'm a luxury home builder here in WA state. I will be writing them an email. We had a similar issue here in WA with the Pacific Raceways track. We support you bud!
Although i agree with you about not letting it happen large berms do help dragway 42 in saleem ohio is in the middle of its city and has to big hills on either side of it and it does help
What about. Jump on the house band wagon sell the property and build a new race track somewhere in Texas?
Brutal... greed,  capitalism at its worst. fat cats trying to further line their pockets, pushing aside whoever gets in their way.  best of luck Freedom Factory.
4500 homes for people that aren't from there or going to contribute to the area are going to kill something that's been there before they were alive.
Have a whole country to build on and they want to be located immediately next to you and create their own rules.  Pitiful.
I certainly hope that they deny the housing track one of the big arguments I've heard for tracks over the years is it keeps people especially young from street racing and gives them exposure to vehicles and possibly a career interest. So many kids today don't even know what a spark plug is very sad. If they must build a sound wall then the housing Developers need to pick up the tab for sure. Cletus I wish you all the luck in the world. I'm from California and I watch the Channel all the time. As you know we've had huge problems with street racing here in Southern California and of course they've closed down tracks. God bless the freedom Factory!
Sent! Although I can’t come I sent an email. Hopefully it helps! We can’t let racing die this way!!
Love what you’re doing, and trying to do. We need our racetracks. That being said, there’s not a chance in hell anyone on that board took you seriously with you standing there in a white t-shirt and a ball cap.  Good luck.
Email sent.   Racing is under fire from people who don't understand the good it does to the people, the kids and families who get involved.
As soon as they build homes next to a drag strip and or race track. Stick a fork in it!! been happening in NJ to couple tracks including Englishtown . they build everywhere and anywhere. Meanwhile we want to save the earth while killing acres and acres of trees and natural habitat
You and the other race track owner should go 50/50 on the property if they let you buy it .. remember everything is for sale
Emails sent. Good luck. We need our race tracks!
if they close all the race tracks where do they think they are going to go? do they think we are going to give up our only hobby that keeps us happy? they are just going to go on to the streets.
rocky mountain raceway salt lake city utah.... same thing. lost it
Down with the urban sprawl!!!!!
Please put this on the main channel this is important! In Utah so I can't be there to support in person, but I hope my emails will help. Good luck!!!
Cleetus will do what can to help out. I hope another thing that will help you out if it the same as by me. If you take agriculture land and want develope it. Each acre they charge 5 or 7 yrs back taxes to develope or get the ordnance or land reclassified.
The wall will in no mean work, I live in Ohio the closet racetrack to me is about 6 miles away and every saturday night you can hear them going going around the track from the corners when they let off to geting back on it in the straights.
500k subs, 4k new homes. I'm ready to move into one 🤷‍♂
We had a dirt track in my small town, it was a big ol track it's a pond now. But it got closed  down do to nosie complaints because there was a house that was built with then 40 yards of the track.
Three homes per acre is not high density in many parts of the country. I think this guy would have made a better impression at the commission hearing had he made the small effort to wear something a bit more respectful than a white T-shirt.  It's funny to me that the name is Freedom Factory. For those who believe in freedom American-style, free enterprise is at the heart of it. A development providing homes does more than increase the local tax base, it provides construction jobs and then opportunities for local businesses. Far more than a race track.  The constituency in an area like this supports businesses and economic development far more than a small racetrack operation. I wouldn't be optimistic about the outcome. Nothing lost by trying.
Email sent from Vegas! They’ve gotta be wondering what the the hell happened! 😂
This happened here in my state in Australia . They built a bunch of houses and then within a year started piling in the complaints to the track even though the track was there for years before the houses . Fast forward a few more years and track is closed and derelict never to be opened again .
Im curreently serving in the United States Marine Corps, but I grew up in Southern Kansas where racing is big. Watching your channel grow over the passed several years because of racing and cars has made a big impact on this country and even parts of the world. Email has been sent. All the support coming your way.
could you do a live feed on youtube in court? I'm sure you would get a lot of people.
You have a massive following. You need to contact Ron DeSantis
You got this
Done.
Sent my email of support Cleets
seeing you in your element that was once was to be a lawyer into a defender of preserving culture and history, full circle.
crowd fund buy the land from them have it developed as a racetrack Community, just like high-end helicopter air plan  communities
Good luck you have my support from Kentucky
The emails have been sent from Michigan, I hope we all fight together and keep the track up in running :)
Emails sent 🎉
Hey man im from AUSTRALIA and i sent all them those emails saying i oppose with full name and full address. LEs getem
sent mine off now for you there Bud. hope it helps.
Show up people I beg y'all I don't even live there but show uppp
I was disappointed we lost Houston Raceway Park here in Texas, spent many a nights watching and racing there . I thought they were in a good location being in the oil industrial complex area on the outskirts of town, but it cuts both ways.
Wishing yous all the best at the court case.  I will be there in spirit form ...from new zealand🙏
The same thing happened here where I live in Southern California. They built a killer offroad track that the Lucas oil series was raced at with offroad trucks. They allowed the building of homes roght next to it. 2 years later it was forced to close. Good luck Cleet. You are fighting big money.
@CleetusM you MUST make a point of the massive WORLDWIDE audience the FF has.. People from all over the WORLD know about the FF now, and Manatee County..
Algo Comment
email sent
And also think if the track dies where are people gonna have to race - THE STREETS- now you are putting the public in danger. If people don’t have an outlet for their horsepower that’s in a controlled location everything gets uncontrolled and safety will decrease and that’s when people die, and then all of racing gets a black eye. Garret you need to get everyone down their in the industry to stand up strong with you at these zoning boards.  I’m an aircraft mechanic and I’m always amazed when people move next to the airport and then complain about the airport noise, they knew it was there when they move in.
If i could id come to stand up for your racetrack, BUT i dont have the money to travle this far, i live in Denmark (Scandinavia) and further more im weelchair user so it would make it even more dificult for me to travle, but oh boy if i leved in the states i would go all the way for and with you!!! - BTW im following many car channels on yt and i tell you, ill yell out to all the comunitys to stand up for you and if posible get them to sign for your racetrack so there will NOT be any houses build on those fields, let them be fields so they provide proviant to all fellow americans like it allways has been!!! VERY GOOD LUCK from Denmark!
Brother, this needs to be on the main channel.
Called it way back when the helicopters were buzzing the place. Told ya'll Cleeter would be greasing palms before he knew it.
brother their will be millions of people in opposition to this, im guessing thousands will be at that court house, if i was only an hour away and not five id be there to support you and the tracks
Problem as always money talks.... i guarantee there will be people lobbying the people approving it to get this shit passed. Fight it hard, it will be an uphill battle!
Get Whistlindiesel to show up. He can get hundreds of people to show up and protest.
they arent gonna stop until tampa orlando and ocala are all one giant city
Email sent. I sincerely hope that you are successful here. You and your team have worked too hard to lose this to another suburban neighborhood.
You begging for help. ?  Foh
Can people from outside of the USA vote with you? Its not just Americans that look forward to seeing the racing all the livestreams the uploads from multiple channels
Get Wistlin Diesel to spread the word. I a pose this shit!
I hate to say this, but the county will get more money from the housing tract than your racetrack will. The county is dirty and you’re going to lose unfortunately. We lost a great racetrack in my area due to developers building nearby. It sucks, but counties are dirty and whores for developers.
Need a lawyer..and a judge  to stop.this.. Like you said if it gets to Tallahassee..dictator DeSantis  people. Just rubber stamp everything...
It's funny how they want to build a wall for this 😂
Fight the good fight brother. I live in the neighborhood across from Bandimere and while my neighbors have fought to have it shut down, I always will stand up for them.
I deal with virtually identical resistance as it pertains to long-standing oil and gas producing properties. Difference being that these race tracks not only stimulate the local economy, but they also provide a viable outlet to safely and responsibly engage in competitive motorsports. This is an issue that is becoming a problem nationwide and Florida is certainly no exception. Street racing, take overs, and other dangerous activities on public roads needs to be key points in your argument. There is a real, true safety component here in addition to the tremendous legacies of these tracks.
The track in Punta Gorda is closing which is the only other track in the area.  Sent my email from North Port, I recognize a lot of places from your jet boat videos, from down this way.
It's gone....
SPAM OTHER YOUTUBERS COMMENTS WITH THIS VIDEO! Get all the Youtubers that show up to events to post this on their channel. They'll get millions of emails.
3 homes per acre?!?!? That's ridiculous, u could spit on ur neighbor while he's on his front porch..that's why i live in the mountains
Email Sent!
Email sent
This is some bullshit If the track was there first then it should get priority over any new development wtf. We are dealing with this kind of crap in Australia as well. Sounds like it's time to see if Ron DeSantis is any good. Also good luck and hope it goes the way you need it to.
I hope everyone who shows up will act respectful and show how serious this is
Thank everyone that voted for Ron Desantis and his party for ruining Florida. Unless your name is Disney good luck...
Ls swapped bull dozer time
can't beleive this
The only thing that sways these people as individuals is pure dollar signs. If they'll personally profit more from something they won't care one bit about tourism benefits, etc. Always try but just understand how corrupt it is
I can't be there, but i sent the email. I really hope things go your way!
this is a constant throughout the country. you say keep it off the street while all the tracks die in the same way.
Email sent from Ky.  Good luck man.  We lost our local dirt oval a few years ago and I hate to see local tracks closing.
Sent out a mass email brother
Email sent. You have my support.
Cleetus,  I'm from a small town 12 miles outside of kck by the kansas speedway. On a good atmospheric day you can hear NASCAR in my town. There is another town about 5 or 6 miles up the highway. They can hear the speakers, the cars, the partying all the people untill 2 am. And during the summer that's fine. But it also has a lot of negative effects.   I'm with you on this shouldn't happen or they should Not be allowed to build on the full property. There has to be a buffer of like 200 acres of forest and grass lands to act as a sound buffer between you(the track) and the nearest home. Something must give but also it must be disclosed in all buyer terms that yes there is a race track that is next door. IT GETS LOUD, FAST AND CRAZY. This disclosure could work more in your favor if you where able to get that into a agreement with the builders. Think about it a while community of racers, tinkerers, motor heads, and hot rodders next door wouldn't be a bad thing for you or the county.
Love to see him speaking his mind! Weird to see cleet so serious
Great Lake Dragaway in Union Grove WI is listed in the Kenosha county historical society, and is listed as a historical landmark being its 50+ years old. Nearby homes have to sign a form recognizing they are near a racetrack but the track being listed as a historical site will protect it for life. I really hope you guys can prevent the tracks being developed over…
There's no way to be in Florida by Thursday for me, but sending a quick email I can absolutely do. Done and done. Good luck on this one Cleetus, it will be an uphill battle. The real estate developers behind this stand to make a shit ton of money developing the area, and they will fight you tooth and nail.
That sucks that's how it happened here.
The problem is the powers that don't want racetracks to exist they want to do away with fossil fuels and the cars that consume it. Hope you can fight away these globalist assholes fight hard fight long dont give them a inch they jave already made plans without you.
Who is responsible to pay for this wall?
Not looking good. I would kill to be apart of it however the real estate business is gonna take the W.
emails sent. i wish i could attend in person. your continued commitment to providing us quality racing content provides me my friends and family much joy. hoping that can be continued for years to come. hoping some day to attend an event at the freedom factory in person
Doing it for dale
You did great speaking and made a really good and articulate point. I definitely see this moving forward as I’m sure that developer has huge amounts of money.   Every weekend when they are showing prospective buyers you need to have as much noise as possible to scare them off.   Additionally I’d say at a minimum they need to build a sound proof wall for you and their residences.  Lastly find-out what animals/bugs live in that area and submit all of them to the PETA for the endangered species act. Can’t build there at all if something is endangered
Make sure you include what happens when a track is shut down ( racers go to the street ) supported from Cali
I live 10-12k's from our race track they have a berm all around and i can here the racecars from my house even though there is a city in between where i live so wall will not work. Also the houses will b built its 100's of millions of dollars we cant stop the big guys. Its sad coz i love both ur tracks
Done:  “I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048”   this is Utter  Nonsense, a 25 foot wall is not even half as tall as the walls next to the Interstates in dense metro areas..... and Race Cars are LOUD, much louder than the tires of Semi trucks on the Interstates. My  family has been in Racing since the 1950s, and plans like this have killed every race track that we used to go to... none of them are in existence today, simply because of Land Developers lying to the Public about that "25 ft wall will keep your from hearing the noise." no it won't
Sent emails out opposing the plan!
sent an email. wish i could be there in person. much love.
Great job!!
Well buddy I hate to say this but you'll be building a dome around the freedom Factory least one good thing about building a Superdome around the freedom Factory you'll be able to race in the rain, Hattiesburg Mississippi try to do the same thing to Hub City drag strip in Hattiesburg off of Interstate 59 once they crippled them from the sales of tickets from noise ordinances penalties, the track closed permanently, then the city past a law no new tracks could be built and no closed track could be re-opened in the city limits so now if someone buys the track they can't open it....... brother don't let him close you down there's probably a a grandfathered in claws somewhere because if you let them close you down they'll pass a new law where no new tracks can be built or a closed track can be reopened.....
Email sent and I will be there Thursday. I’m in Charlotte County so an hour and a half drive. See you there and I’ll get up and speak to oppose this
They will run you out of town! First it will be a wall. Then it will be no noise past 5pm. Then no noise on church Sunday!
Email sent from Montana!!
The look on that woman's (dyke's) face next to you says it all.  These people are such scum.
How can I put 20 on it. I've been watching you from 1320. Saw mullet here in Kearney NE.
I work 5 or 6 miles away from Croft circuit in the uk, can always hear when there's racing on or track days, 20ft fence or berm isn't going to do anything, at all.
Done from Hickory NC
Garret I have just compiled and sent and email to the commissioners, and blind copied you on it, feel free to use any of the information I have included in your defense of your properties. Also do not be afraid to ring up the governor as he's a western PA guy who appreciates his freedom as well!       Good Luck Brother!  "I am a property owner of two large plots myself in a rural area of Pennsylvania, approximately 35 miles northeast of Pittsburgh. We are in a rural area with active farms and are feeling the incursion of housing developments. I fully understand what is at stake here as I have personally seen several farms get closed down for noise after dark, smells from manure from the barns, and being spread on fields by folks who move in either unaware or somehow thinking they are the only opinion that counts because they bought a house in an area they never researched.   We also have a local dirt circle track race park in our area as well. Lernerville Speedway. I have lived here 34 years, and the track has been here every one of them, and at least 20 years prior to that. I live over 6.5 miles west and upwind of the track, and on some summer weekend nights, the cars sound like they're doing donuts in my field behind the house... Remember I'm 6.5 miles UP WIND, meaning it is even harder for sound to travel my way since the prevailing winds are pushing the sound back towards the track over very hilly western Pennsylvania terrain with hardwood trees well in excess of 25 feet height, (averaging 60+) between my property and the track. It still comes in loud and clear. See the google terrain map below.  Across the street, literally, from the track is a housing development, circled in red. Nobody there really likes the track, and every so many years, there's a big blow up about how the track should do this or that about the noise, but once again, since the track was there LONG before they were and thanks to our very conservative base in the Butler County area, they have respectfully, and rightfully pushed back, "You knew what was here before you purchased." There have been hurt feelings and property values have taken a hit as some wanted out and had trouble finding buyers that were more astute than the original buyers on the initial purchase.    Having said the above, I truly believe, with all due respect to your positions of office, you would be negligent to your community taxpayers, present and future, developers, and investors to allow such a neighborhood development with all its headaches to go forward in good conscience. If allowed to move forward, you are setting trap for repetitive and costly litigation, potential vandalism, and general ill will in your community. I would highly recommend keeping the zoning in that area as agricultural, and leaving the property, that the center of,  is less than a mile from existing racing facilities as a buffer zone. That is one sixth the distance I am from a track, which means it will be 36 times louder than I experience, a thought I honestly cannot comprehend.   That is not an imaginary number. Sound, like light, generally propagates following the inverse-squared rule. When the sound moves out in all directions (as do all natural sounds), the energy must cover more area the farther it expands. The relationship is that, if the sound doubles its distance, it is 1/4 (1 over 2 squared) as powerful. At 3 times the distance, it is 1/9 as powerful. (The same energy is in the entire pressure wave, it just spreads farther, so you only hear the part that hits your ear.) The inverse of this as you get closer, is just multiplication. 6 times 6, or 36 times as much sound energy only being an average of less than 1 mile from the existing facilities. For the homes that would be at the property boundary, the sound intensity only gets worse, 72 times more for a half mile, and a quarter mile would be a staggering 144 times louder. A 25 foot tall earthen wall even with dense foliage will barely reduce this sound spectrum.   I would urge you to very strongly consider the above, and DO NOT grant the zoning change for the benefit of all parties involved. I stand no monetary benefit from your decision, other than the lack of entertainment those racetracks provide to me on a regular basis.   Thank you for your time and consideration in this matter. "  Kevin K...
Done
Cleetus if YouTube doesn’t work out you could have a career as a lawyer! 😂
Where I live a bunch of geniuses built a development right in an area bordering several dairy operations. The next group of geniuses that bought lots and built in that development wanted to shut down the dairy farms because of the smell. They got nowhere. I sincerely hope this ill conceived plan by the developers gets shut down. I will be emailing. Good luck! I can't wait to attend an event!
You need to offer money to the state officials. the owner of the developer is paying off all the government official's. You need to gather all your wealthy friends and offer donations to ALL the people who are voting on this issue. Perhaps even more than the developers.
Time for Freedom Factory Killdozer...
I'm an executive member of our local  drag strip, the neighbors have been trying to shut us down for years, keep up the good fight
Email Done. What a joke, hope you win. My nearest Drag Strip is a 10 hour drive one way & in Another state. There's one that shut down Less than a half hour away, It's Bullcrap. Cheers from Down Under.
I hate to say it, but I feel like this is one of those times the side with the most money is going to win.  I'll bet the people that want to develop that property have more.
Emails sent.💯
Bro these people don't give a shit. You're fighting real estate magnates on their yachts half a world away. They don't even know this is happening. People they've hired to hire other people to fight this don't even give a shit. Sorry man. GG.
complaining liberals
I’m sorry you’re dealing with this Bs Bro!
They need more homes for people who want to move there because of the race Tracks but in doing so the race tracks that caused people to move will die
What about a "save the track" t-shirt to fundraise so you can buy surrounding land?  I'd buy a t-shirt for that cause.
Brother I can't believe this is trying to be pushed in.. I will definitely be sending out the emails to do my part, I've never been to the freedom factory yet. but I look forward to every single video you put out here for us and support you 1000%!!
This Thursday the 15th?
Well sheet Cleet! Make em sell the homes for trash value and my whole family will gladly...GLADLY buy next to your track..on 1 condition..the wall is maximum 6ft with a door to cross and go watch em race😅
I'm Praying for you and our motorsports culture. Thank you for all that you do. God bless you and your work.
Got ‘Em sent brother! Hope it all works out for us! I’d hate for you to have any more obstacles to have to deal with for your events.
They won't hear it, They'll feel it...
Reminds me of red rocks of morrison, colorado. People move next to a well known place for concerts with loud music and then complain so much as to get certain bands that play too loud banned permanently. Some people need to get a life. I can’t hear it from my house and you know why? Cause I didn’t move next door, dipshitt.
Done.
EVERYONE SHOWING UP HAS TO DRESS IN THE SAME COLOR SHIRTS ... A GROUP LOOKS BIGGER AND MORE UNITED AS A UNIFORMED PICTURE ...
I live 10 miles away from Texas Motor Speedway and at night I can hear the cars when they run. It’s not loud I can ignore it but that’s 10 miles not 10 feet
Youtubes should band together buy that lot and build a fucking town of car content or a road course track with drift track
Stop letting people develop Florida.
Done
Homes near the track would kill everything this entire community has dumped thier heart and soul into, we all support you, fight for what's right. Don't let the freedom factory fall victim to this residential district
Time to make your lawyer skills shine Garrett! Great speech 👍 Cheers from Northern Sweden!
Have you brought the board out to show how much you put into your dream? When you are at the board meeting. Cordially invite each and every one of them by name to come to see what you have done to your track and how much you have updated along with the drag track how much they have updated you will see who is really going to go and try to help you out on it I used to be on county boards and city boards of appeal so I know it is an uphill battle but you should respect ask them to cordially before they make A vote to come out and look over the area with you and show them exactly what you have done and what you are expecting your To do to your facility God-bless
Emailed From Groton CT my friend
So many stories from around the country and the world with all the same message…..”Another case of lack of personal responsibility and accountability from the self centered, self righteous Karen’s of this world getting their way”. This is the world we now live in and in America it started under Obama. Why aren’t these people who buy homes near an established racetrack held accountable for “their decision to buy near a racetrack”? Why must everyone else change to accommodate the Karen’s? World is going to shite when people try to be PC correct and let these idiots have their way.  Cleetus you need to use examples name places (tracks), dates (opening and closing) of these racetracks and show a common outcome and that if they vote yes they are condemning your track. If you go in there again and give the same kind of passive speech, your condemning your place. If the last few years have shown anything it’s the idiots & low life’s who riot, destroy innocent individuals property and act like victims and drama queens who get what they want. Ass backwards, but this is how it works unfortunately now! Best of luck
Done brother go get em ....we all support you leave racing for the tracks not for the street....
I sent them all separate e-mails with my full name and address, good luck with your fight
they want to keep racers off the streets but yet they close all the race tracks for these drivers to go to race legally and orderly. this to needs to be part of the presentation
Hey guys im not an american so i cant oppose for this but all this is worth too much too us to lose please stand up as one for all and all for one and make this happen
Upload to the main channel! I nearly missed this
Look at long haul Larry he is from the up and went through the same thing basically
Email sent.  We all know where this road leads if we don't make our voices heard.  I know you'll make us all proud on Thursday.
We got ya Bro!
Invite Whistin. I’m sure he can help a ton showing up to court. Let him drive monster max2 up the stairs
Exactly how KCIR died.  Greedy assholes, build your mcmansion somewhere else!
just another case of this shitty state, allowing for rapid building of shitty houses, just for more old people to move into, live in it for only a couple months out of the year, and in this hypothetical case those old people would complain everyday all day until it is gone because hey have nothing else better to do. sadly i think that the county doesn't care and has already made their decision because they just don't turn down that amount of tax revenue on those houses.
letter sent
I would hate to be one of those council members and wake up with 10 thousand emails haha
Hate to say it but this battle is most likely already lost. They are going to look at what brings in the most money. 4K+ homes with taxes and double that in permanent residents putting money into the local economy vs. the occasional bump the tracks provide. They’d rather have the Homes and run the tracks out so they can buy the land and build more houses. Hope I’m wrong. Best of luck.
guys we gotta come together to help save freedom factory
I swear this country has gone to shit. They build houses next to a racetrack that's been there 50 years then will complain and get it shutdown due to noise. Sounds like everyone needs to put a bunch of houses next to Walmart dcs and Amazon warehouses and complain about noises to get them shutdown and see how they like it.
Hope this all works out.       We all know how this works out a lot of times.     Hope the best for the track
You have a lot of freedom in your pockets, from all the merch and add revenue. How about you buy your way out of this, buy the land next to you
If any homes do get built. Go and put door hanger ads on every single door.
This made my balls water. My eyeballs
All this because a bunch of rich dudes want to screw over homebuyers and screw over the racetrack owners. And they probably will unless you raise a real big stink about this. In these situations they have money and connections, you have a voice and it has to be loud. They will fight you, they don’t want to lose money. Don’t give up.
i hate to be negative but they will most probably approve it because all they care about is money.
Same thing happened to KCIR in Kansas City due to a very wealthy family in the city. The kind of wealth that gets tracks shut down
It happened in Utah as well.
Idk anything about law and my english is not the best, but it’s there a way make the new homeowners sign a contract, or a official document when they go and buy the house where the paper say they are aware of the racetrack? Like another point on contract when you get a new house?
Email has been sent, I really hope this works
buy the adjoining lot
Any billionaires out there that wanna bye the land and make a MX track or some sort of off road track for that area to be the leading Motorsports Mecca of the world
Emailed! Much love, from Virginia
Garret that was actually a pretty good speech! You appealed to the business and people that your bring to your county! I hate to say but it might be worth mentioning that the racers will revert to racing on the streets?
The gross hard reality.. 4500 homes produce way more tax revenue via property taxes than our freedom factory, sucks but its the truth.
Bro - i just sent the board an email.   And pointed out that Freedom Factory - just isnt a race track..  its a National landmark for some of the best damn southern hospitality and a kickin good time.   I hope and pray that this rezoning crap gets squashed my guy.      And also pointed out in 5 hours this video has got 216,000+ views.    almost a quarter of a million people have seen this (not enough of people have liked it - which needs to change! but Got ya back bro!
Yea I would hate to be the bearer of bad news but this is an old old story that has repeated a hundred times before... California has lost all it's tracks due to noise and encroaching residential areas..  I would plan accordingly but keep your legal eagle on call....    They are going to try and sink your ship...  Charley Allen fought this in CA and then in AZ... sucks...  Only way to win?   payoffs... and a lot of them... These planners and council people are as corrupt as they come...
They need to stop building fucking houses in Florida.
Email Sent! wish i didnt live across the country or i would be there!
Let go cleetus fam!!!!❤ help is needed to save are lifestyle..... I'm praying for the best outcome asap!!❤
They close the race track that just make more people to race on streets where they can crash and hurt only people.  They take safe racing places away and expect people to stop racing.   They will more to back roads and highways   Taking more time out of the police that could be used to deal with real crime.
post this on the main channel
Cleet time to call in a favor to Mr desantis.
Their email servers are going to melt. I’ll send one adding in how me and my friends are planning road trips just to come visit the 2 tracks potentially impacted by this urban sprawl.
Not to be the nay guy but I have been in construction my entire life and I would bet money that the developers wouldn’t have perched the land without already knowing if it was going to get approved... good luck though.
make a boss move and buy the land lol go in w some folks if cant afford it
Email sent. Please don’t let them kill Bradenton and the speedways that have contributed to their growth.
Emailed all of em from Massachusetts
Sent💪🏻
Here in San Diego, we have lost all but one circle track and 1/8 dragstrip. Would it be possible for you to contact the developers and propose the idea of a live in Motorsports Park? The addition of a road course with  all track amenities could be a viable solution. A win win compromise.
This is ridiculous.
Essentially what you are asking for is for the local government and state to forgo millions in tax revenue and thousands of jobs so we could have enjoy a race track.  As much as I love racing, realistically, you cannot stop urban development and population growth.
@Fab Rats @Matt's Offroad Recovery @Robby Layton Nation  @Vicegrip Garage spread the word, we can not let this place die!
I grew up on a farm and I hate to see farmland go away.  But I also hate to other problems that come with it.   btw....I am personally friends with the owners of County Line Raceway in Elm City, NC and they have faced battles with neighbors and sound restrictions.  Dealing with LEO threatening to arrest them if race cars were still on the track past a certain time.
Find an endangered insect or critter on their property.  Something native and rare and make sure the right conservation groups know about it.
Well another race track to be gone Florida doesn’t care they want money
Main channel!
Cleetus, I live in Wakarusa KS. I'm about 2 miles south o Heartland Park Topeka, drag strip, road course and drift facility. Now I love auto sports of all kinds so the noise doesn't bother me at all , but stop and think that's 2 miles and they have a berm around the track as well. On a clear day top fuel cars have buzzed our windows. So I don't think being right next door is going to be good. Thanks for all you do and someday I plan to come down to an event.
Emailed brother!
Damn I wish I could be there. Sending my love and support to the whole Cleeter crew and the strip crew all the way from Australia
You are right about the "noise abatement" issue.  I live in Zachary, LA, and there is a 1/4 mile dirt oval in the woods about 2 and a half miles away as the crow flies.  I hear all of the cars run on Friday and Saturday nights.  It's not that loud, but I can hear them.  I don't personally find it offensive as I do like built cars and trucks.  Just saying, that I agree with you that this wall will not appease the buyers of these houses.  I hope that you are able to keep this expansion plan from happening.
Seems like to me if they want a 25' fence then they should build themselves a 25' fence. Another words it sounds like their problem.
Can I Oppose from Australia
DO IT FOR DALE!!!    Junior Nation, turn up!!!
I used to live next to the Homestead Miami Speedway and even with high walls you can clearly here the cars a half mile away. There idea is nice in paper buts it's BS. The reality is if people want to own a house jext to a racetrack they will Have To deal with the noise, if not then move somewhere else. It's just like houses near an airport, you have to deal with it. The racetrack was there before the houses. F that. You fight the good fight Garret, we are all on your side.
Emails sent.  Building homes so close to two regularly active race tracks is not fair to the potential home buyer.  The thought of a wall or sound barrier is a great idea, but I believe it won't be sufficient to reduce the sounds to an appropriate level.  The housing market is crazy right now, which means people are going to buy whatever they can get and deal with the rest later.
I emailed all of them for you Garret. I hope more people do as well wish I could be there in person for you.
Email sent from Texas!
Government through police: Stop Street Racing, take it to the track.. Also Government: Let's set the track up for failure with more homes!
Email and heartfelt note sent. Will be praying and fighting here from GA. You got this G!
Just to be clear, the initial thing I'm pointing at is between Sarasota Silent Flyers and Bradenton...
Airports and racetracks brother.  They both are targets.
Good luck brother
You have an email from me too Cleet!
My email has been sent in to all seven individuals.  Much love and support from Alabama!
sounds like the way this whole worlds going! that sucks cleet!
Just sent an email. Wish I could be there in person. Keep your head up, brother!
Dammit man
I wrote an email wish I could do more to stop this but I don’t have money to fly from Nebraska I really hope this helps
I can hear the arguments already. "Why is there a racetrack so close to a residential area?" Well why did you build your house so close to a racetrack?
Please I've been calling you for 5 years buy me a ticket I'm retired I'm not here Vegas I'll be there hit me up
Emailed from all the way up here by Chicago!
they have done it here in australia, historical functioning race tracks that are now surrounded with homes and now have strict Db limits that arent realistic and constant complaints from neighbours. look up lakeside raceway and queensland raceway. lakeside couldnt even operate for 6 months due to these issues. i hope you win here because you are right, this is how tracks die.
I think get every YouTuber that's raced in the freedom 500 to attend
I mean, you've got that going on, on all the other sides don't you? Basically a wide acoustic easement of trees... to what I think is your south is only about 100ft...
they tend to forget, Racetracks reduce the amount of illegal street racing, and reduces the amount of accidents and deaths, not only that, but it offers jobs to local citizens. I have sent my opposition email, best of luck cleetus
Hello from your NEIGHBOR in Jupiter, FL…home of what was Palm Beach International Raceway, which I know you aware closed recently. Sad to see the same thing happening to you and we just lost a bunch of childhood memories
This needs posting on the main channel make sure it gets everyone's attention
Oh boy wait till let alone all The youtubers Where is whistling diesel!!! I bet he's all fired up about this 1 come on matt Roman Let alone everyone else you know hope you decimate the proposal!!!!!!
Watch 1 million people show
This is the VERY same thing that happened to Minnesota Dragways in the '70's. And shortly after that Northstar Dragstrip (also in the Minneapolis area) Housing went in everyone complained. A wall was build... it did not work. Minnesota Dragways was purchased by a Japanese firm as a test area promising big jobs, then brought over almost everyone from Japan to work there. It is now all housing. As for Northstar Dragstrip the commercial value of the land skyrocketed and the owners sold out. It sat vacant for years then a trucking company bought it. It is now a huge Medtronic site. The point here is, if they build homes they will continually complain and try to shut you down. The wall will not work. The land will get more and more valuable. You guys need a miracle! I will be praying for wisdom and supernatural favor for you.
Sue their pants off, get a real lawyer.
Everyone who buy a house near a well known noisy place must shut the fck up… If you are stupid enough to to buy there you can stay … But the noise insulation and hardware must be done my the company making money on those house …
Fences do not stop sound. The area around the race track should be rezoned for commercial buildings... Hotels, machine shop, and eventually restaurants. Your business should help your community grow financially.
I like 6km away from the local speedway track in sa. I can here it from my house when its on.i don't thimk a big fence will do the job haha
Booo.  To  developers.  Don't  develop  the land     burocratic bullshit they will eRn more money in the lo g run. From   racing there
Written email from Michigan. Got you brother.
Just a shout out to rainmanray who posted the video on his channel for support. Wouldn’t have seen it without him posting
Why isn't this posted on the main page!
Spent time there back in the 70's & 80's when Desoto was thriving and it warmed my heart to see Garrett save it as the FF! Now Urban-sprawl/greedy land owners are trying to encroach. You would think there's some kind of grandfather clause in zoning that would prevent it. We just kind of went through this with the Nashville fair board about the Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway. Bristol Motor Speedway Mgmt. has proposed a 30 year lease, Mgmt. & Operation/renovation deal of the track with Metro to bring back NASCAR cup racing and transform The 117 year old track into a multi-use facility that can host non-racing events such as Pro Soccer, The State fair, Different Sales Events, Ect... I'll definitely show some support with an E-mail and point out that their 20 ft wall is "not" going to work, I live 3.2 miles from our Fairgrounds track and actually enjoy hearing the cars on Friday and Saturday nights. Good luck!
What kind of easement are they willing to negotiate because I mean, there is a lot of land between Bradenton and what would ostensibly be where they intend to build. That parking lot next to the drag strip could hypothetically be purposed for creating a wider sound barrier... I mean, trees tend to work, taking into account how small the remainder of the block is after it... I mean, I don't know if that is overflow for Bradenton but I mean, you have parking to spare, right? That block as it is has to be about three hundred feet wide... and trees grow taller than 25 ft.
God it irritates me so much when Garrett brings up Katie the lawyer or whoever presenting the plan and how the plan she is presenting will basically kill BMP and the FF and she smiles
I sent your email from Phoenix, hope it helps!    We are loosing Firebird/Wild Horse drag strip this year to the AZ Highway department. No more , NHRA Arizona nationals.   Hope, I can help the Freedom Factory and Bradenton.
Message sent. Tell them that if they truly believe that racetracks and residences can cohabitate that they should immediately move to make racetracks a "permitted use" under all zoning districts. If they refuse, they are acknowledging  they are just going for the tax money (AG is very little real estate tax but residential land is BIG taxes)
As a farmer in Canaduh I feel for you but what pisses me off is the fact there are still idiot developers trying to destroy farmland. You should use the tactic of them destroying farmland to help protect the track.
this is unlikely to work as the taxes collected on the property houses is going to be more than taxes on the race track. unless you can find a legal arrangement i believe that your track is doomed
BRO YOU NEED TO DRESS A LITTLE BETTER JUST SAYING. I KNOW YOU WANT TO BE YOURSELF OR WHATEVER BUT IT DOESNT COST MUCH TO GET A FITTED SUIT JUST SAYING
This isn't about the need for the homes, this is about wanting more tax revenue from those houses. Very short sighted, just one event brings in 3x that amount to the community.
Email fired away. Best of luck cleetus.
They shut down our local drag strip (KCIR) when people knowingly built houses nearby then complained about the noise. They used local and state politicians to enact impossible regulations on the tracks.
Rocky Mountain Raceway in Utah was shut down for the same thing.
Bring in WD.
so they just want you to put up a fence?
illiana raceway in Indiana was shut down for this main reason.
I agree with eaveything!
Email sent. I hope you win.
I say we all email the county so they get overwhelmed and see how Important the tracks are, then next you set up some crazy merch just so you can purchase all 2700 and never deal with this again! Problem solved! Lol, but for real…
This is happening now to my local drag strip and dirt track. They have built hundreds of houses around our local track and they have all complained and the track is now being tentatively put up for sale because of it.
We have this exact same problem with our last asphalt track in Minnesota. Urban sprawl has put so many restrictions on them. Racing has to be done by 10pm, Friday/Saturday nights, muffler rules...etc. I hate when people do this, you bought a house across from a racetrack and you expect that the track should kiss your ass to accommodate something you knew was already there.
I oppose! Can't believe they are wanting to build homes by taking someone else's. Rooting for you guys 👊
3:00 ... We bring $!!!!!
Emails sent!
I agrr
Emails out, I tried to brush up on my writing skills to make an impact on how awesome this track is, and how much you guys are doing. I’m rooting for you guys.
Not only is this a bad deal for the homeowner, literally it would be taking money out of the state. The amount of people and revenue you bring into your county will disappear.
Street racing is just gonna get more popular
That’s ridiculous. I don’t even know what to say. Get a crowd there to support cleet and the track. Leave it to city slickers to try to ruin the kind of thing that keeps kids off the street.
Sent an email in for ya Cleet! We got this🤟🏻
Just sent the email to everyone on the list, hopefully they’re not like every other politician and just think with their wallet!
I am definitely gonna send one tomorrow cleet I have been here since 3000 followers got a shout out on my birthday one year and then three years later got engaged in the breeze way at the track. I have both videos!! You got me backing you 100%. Bristol in the house!!
Sadly the town/city will gain a guarantee of 4500 houses to tax yearly. Versus the Freedom Factory taxes, which will produce much less in revenue. Happens all over the country. So messed up, racers will race one way or another. Safer to give them a track to race in. Damn greedy bastards.
I just got done sending my emails
I work building sound walls that run the length of the Pennsylvania Turnpike. While they do eleminate a lot of normal traffic noise, I agree that they would do very little to alleviate the sound of 30 v8 crown Victoria's making 100's of laps and Turbo big block cars from making 1/4 mile passes. I'll do what I can to support!
Buy the Land
Gotta make room for the blue voters fleeing their home states they’ve created. Not trying to be political but we’re seeing the same thing here in Georgia. I live in the middle of nowhere and there are six subdivisions that have or are going up on my street alone. It’s all about the money with these developers.  I’ll be supporting you guys.
This is totally bullshit, the fence or berm will literally provide zero sound suppression, also it will definitely be a problem even if the tracks proximity is disclosed, hopefully you get a positive outcome for everyone.
🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸
This should be on the main channel. Hope you prevail
this happened to capital raceway in Anne Arundel County Maryland. a Historic drag strip.
We lost soo many race tracks in Arizona.... soo sad 😔
Well it's simple if they want to build properties there then they can deal with the sound from the race track. If they don't like it then they don't have to build there and they can leave it a natural landscape which is best for the environment anyway! That's common sense just because you want to make a bunch of money doesn't mean you have the right to violate someone else's rights on an already owned and operated property you can't give permission to something now and then say oh well we're going to take that back because well we like this guy's deals better and it's next to yours. I hope he sues the crap out of them and makes a ton of money in the process and then make sure we all know about it on YouTube because this is not for the best of the people of the country this is the best for the politician's pockets and those who are making and building the homes. And if they want to make money that's fine but they can make a little bit less money because they chose an area next to a racetrack That's their fault! Someone else is stupidity should not be someone else's loss they chose what they chose then let it be so
Good luck. they will end up buying you Out.
Shoulda thought about this before ya invested in it. Im sure you're people told you this was a "possibilitie" before you bought the track. I'm not being a "hater" just,a realist. If this happened to HALF of us,you wouldn't support us. Un-Subbed
Emails sent from Wisconsin. My local dirt track was killed exactly this way. Wish you the best. Stay strong
I am going to do the best I can to email, I love the automotive performance industry, and love seeing the content of the drag strip and race track
We are behind you in DeLand FL 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸👍👍👍👍👍
Email sent.    Good luck brother.
I live miles away from East Alabama motor speedway (local 3/8 mile dirt oval). On a regular race I can hear them clear as day. On a big event with super late modes, it sounds like they are in my back yard. They need to deal with it. A fence will not help.
Plant trees along the edge of the property . The trees may help dissipate the noise .
This is awful, and I know you don't want to hear it but, they don't care. Housing will always win unfortunately, I hope you guys come to a resolution. That is a MASSIVE development. All they see is tax payers, visitors don't pay taxes like residents and a racetrack unless it's a 100 million dollar NASCAR facility will not generate the revenue those houses will. You need to get in the back pocket of some politicians now. The other alternative is to buy the land. Maybe protesting it will slow the progress but again it's all about money
I live 2.5 miles away from a dirt track in Kentucky. And can hear the races every Friday and Saturday during the summer nights clear as day. Which doesn’t bother me at all.
Phoenix, AZ Stands with you. We recently had NHRA pull out from our local drag strip because of the same thing happening to it.
Email sent! Wish I could be there in person
Meh just setup a 1320 in the neighborhood  Mexico ave 👌🏽
In Australia some people complained and shut down a whole racetrack that's been there for 20 years. It's pathetic. Who moves into an area then complains,
This is a common story here in Australia, every year another race track dies for this very reason. I wish you all the best in stopping this zoning change and development. Long live The Bradenton Motorsports Park.
Email sent, Golly brother you coulda been a lawyer or something!!!   ;)
Good job! Hopefully it's enough. Best of luck mate. If an email from UK would help I'm there!!
Once they start talking about “stakeholders” you know you’re f’d.
Get in contact with your local and state Farm Bureau and send your thoughts. I think they would be happy to hear you and possibly help or back your proposal.
A goal should be to find out who has the vested interest in changing this property to residential and how they are connected to the board so you can call them out. A lot of politicians have their feet in real estate.
Email sent
Sadly you're going against a ton of 💰💰💰 and short term gains, just being realistic. Hope you guys can pull together a large group of people
I feel like as long as they didn’t tell you to shut your race track down it shouldn’t be a big deal
Sent opposition emails to everyone listed from menasha wisconsin.
i dont live in florida is their ways for people to help that dont live there
Realtors are county commissioners so they can rezone land for residential/commercial use.  Sorry
They don’t care about your track unfortunately
Just sent my email to all 7 of them jokers
Please repost on your main channel I think it may help The more people you reach the better
sad to say . but city planers most likely knew about all this long before you bought the track. just saying that's how big business and politics work, you won't find out until they let you...
I live in Chico Ca, and we had a nice bar/nightclub called The Graduate just a few blocks from Chico State University (CSUC). In the early 80's they planned on building a senior care (retirement home) next door to the existing Graduate bar/nightclub. All was well at first then the seniors began complaining about the sounds, and a curfew was imposed by the city of Chico. It didn't take many more years before the city had the bar completely strangled by red tape, and at that point they basically had no choice but to close down. It was demolished a couple of years ago and now sits vacant. I hope the Freedom Factory pushed back HARD and has STRONG community support. Hell YA!
I'm going to send my email after work for sure
I really wish I could come, would love to see 20k or so cleet fans there lol would be hilariously moving. Anybody within an hour or 2 should go
As a sudo council member where I’m from the city/county won’t let that plan fail. Where I am in Georgia it’s $10,000 per home for a water/sewer tap. I’d imagine it’s more there. Hope it doesn’t happen but council members are greedy at all levels.
we got you! email completed from las vegas!
What they need is a buffer of land for race tracks its happened here in New Zealand as well. But unfortunately we don't have the people here to do it. Come o  America you can do it
We got your back brother!!! Long live Bradenton and many more glorious years to come at the Freedom Factory!!!
Just sent out the emails full support for the tracks.
You against the big developers and big money.. Good luck dude, it not going to be an easy fight..
This is gonna turn into a Whislin Diesel at the courthouse kinda day, Tons of people are gonna be there for you cleeter
I live les then a mile from Orlando Speed World. Love hearing it.
Just sent them a long email from NY, we stand with you man.
Cleet, I love ya brother,but, your in court. Take ya hat off.
Sent my emails
It is crazy that people will build a home close to a race track ,then they are mad about the noise.
I'm so sickened this is happening.
My email is sent brother.
The is the beta test!  Hell yea brother fight the power!
This was the end of Portland International Raceway in Oregon. It was built on a swamp. Developers built around it and the restriction came, time limits, and noise. The end of the 32 Funny Cars,  IMSA, Indy Car, The American Le Mans Series and more. It also took out the circle track Portland Raceway.  Good luck brother.
Got you man just sent off 7 emails once I saw the video. Trying to send some help from Northern Idaho
Emailed, Wish I could be there in person. Added notes about the community in the email. We got this! I've traveled and will continue to travel out to events and I am from Washington State. That's how big of an impact it has made in my life and I'm sure everyone else here can say the same.
Start a go fund me we gotta buy 2500 houses!
Just sent my email from Maricopa AZ. We are with you guys, you've done a lot to entertain us enthusiasts and its time we do something for you.
My home town (Freeport IL) had a dirt circle track that brought people from all over the country and some guy purchased land and built a fancy trailer park next door to the track as well as a car dealer was built down the road and they both complained about noise and dust and got the track closed. And the already dying town is now much closer to death.
What did they do in Daytona? I lived 2 miles from the speedway and you could hear the cars. If they choose to move there, they choose to hear the track.
LOL when you want to negatively affect you tourism to make it a suburb
25 foot fence. Lol. I’m probably 10 miles from Bandimere and can hear top fuel dragsters run. Which I love to hear.
POLICE OFFICER FROM GEORGIA HERE, I GOT YOU AND ALREADY SENT THE EMAIL JUST NOW. GOOD LUCK GARRETT.
Yeah, Good idea. Lets build homes by this race track.. Took a real Genius to propose that idea. They basically said. “ F this guy and his track, were gunna shut it down and build a credit union” 🎉
Coming from someone that used to live near a racetrack, the Texas motor speedway to be exact, I lived within 10 minutes (I know subjective) but "walkable" distance. I could hear the NASCAR events from my house windows, Rave events (forgot the names sry) we could hear the music. DID NOT KNOW exactly the extent when we bought the house, knew it was near a track. I wasn't bothered, but ALWAYS had neighbors complaining whether on the neighborhood app or HOA platform, of the noise... Don't move near a track I'd say. I was more concerned about the train horn testing facility that opened up at the end of my block... Didn't know that was there either.. no complaints of that?? Preserve the track!
It's not happenin, I dont know what we have to do to save the track but we'll do it, its not gonna happen. Short and sweet
fak. freedom factory becoming another victem :( unamerican.
I'm with you Cleetus.  I've sent my opposition to the addresses you posted.   Good luck with the fight!
Developers have deep pockets and local politicians...well, you get my drift.  Good luck. I wish you the best!
Clet , Do everything you can including  contacting Governor DeSantis . Fight like hell . DONT lose your Tracks ... I grew up by and loved going Old Bridge Township Raceway Park , E Town here in NJ and within  a 30 year period  it is no more  . All it has to do to start with is building houses close to the track . It is NOT progress ,the builders and the poeple who buy these houses DON"T care about what they are doing . They will even show their houses when your not racing so these people a buy a house a low and behold they start complaining about noise there will even lie about their problem and evenualy find some goverment official sympathic and screw over the race tracks with a public relations group to lie about how " these tracks product crime in your area " or whatever reason   . Dont let this happen . I saw it occur over a period of years . no sound deadening wall will do anything . They will approve the houses and a wall . People dont know anything and they will stay stupid about the problem and when its too late they will close you down by force . Dont let them zone the land by your track "as residential " dont let it happen ...
For dumb most people wont be able to afford those homes anyways. So the few that get in are just going to complain.
Here in Oahu Hawaii they closed the tracks and illegal racing and all the negative results that come with it has dramatically increased. People need legitimate tracks.
Emails sent clete, you have support from Washington 🤘
You are a legend man !
You need to pay the planning commission off, that's what the developers are doing
Try buying some of that land and then put that amount of land you buy in a conservation easement. Worth a shot.
Yall try to buy up the property close to the track. Perhaps race fans could buy property close to the track and move in. It would be a win win.
This is literally happening to the Clarksville Speedway, in TN right now...we are about to lose our 1/8 mile drag strip and clay track.  The city has budgeted this year to purchase the property....pitiful
I live about 20 min away from the strip, breaks my heart seeing all these new homes and snowbirds ruining our state
Emailing from Illinois
We stand with  you
These race track videos bring so much joy to my life! Emails were sent, let’s come together and save these tracks!
Garret is finna play real life Yellowstone. If u have or know someone that can buy the surrounding land then ur all set
We need to get this on Ron DeSantis radar! Cleet and the freedom factory are a national treasure and have to be defended at all costs!
These people make me sick. How you can buy a house near anything loud and then complain about it is beyond me. What gives them the right to build then ban their neighbors like this.
Sent The email. We will do anything to help keep racing and gas engines alive🤘🏼
Kentucky Speedway in Sparta, Kentucky has been shut down since 2020 because of Scumvid-19 and the land was used to house overstock trucks waiting on microchips from the Ford plant in Louisville ever since. Haven't heard any news about when they'll be up and running again. More than likely, it'll never see any business ever again.
AUSTRALIA HERE  what about the walls they use for highways you put one up they put one up or buy the first 2 rows of land $$$$$$$ cleetus common dude try working with them  🙃🙏👍💪👀
Email sent 😊
I hope this goes in your favor cleet.
Ide buy one of those homes lol I would never complain
Buy it my man. I've seen all the property there. Just buy it and let farmers lease it for next to nothing
Just buy that land
Email sent! Own retirement property in the villages FL so sent from a FL address.
F’n commies ruin everything.
Cleetus that's the same way gun ranges get shut down.  Our club just had a similar fight. We lucked out and a member with deep pockets bought a buffer zone. 😉
Man, this sucks... I've unfortunately been up against developers as an abutter multiple times fighting these planning boards, and in my experience, they'll vote in favor of the development that lines their pockets the most, which is almost always going to be the subdivision. In one, the developer actually went and filed a false wetlands survey to get an additional 50% of his property listed as buildable so he could cram another 6 lots into the cul-de-sac, I actually caught him, we had another survey ordered and they still approved his subdivision, even though it had like 20 violation. In the other, in order for his subdivision to work, he needed my driveway, which was a deeded easement and the only way onto his property, they legally took my driveway away, gave it to the subdivision as a road then moved my driveway to the cul-de-sac road and then gave me a new driveway on the cul-de-sac, and state law allows the planning board to do this as long as they feel you're getting something equal or better in return, and if it's for the good of the neighborhood, town, city and state, which translates to "we get to collect another $200k in property tax each year, and you get a new driveway and address, and your home is more desirable now because it's in a cul-de-sac". Money grubbing losers.
And every needs to dress like Giorgio the Porsche driver! 😎😎
Sent!
If all else fails, come to Ohio, we dont have much but we LOVE OUR RACE TRACK OWNERS and SUPPORT THEM
I live 1.5 miles from my local dirt track, I can hear every race. I don’t think a fence is going to do anything lol, luckily I’m from a small rural town in the Midwest and not in a retirement state.
Same stuff is going on here tracks been there for 40 years now people are moving in and we have a curfew of 10pm it's bs
Done
Racing is absolutely hated by the rulers of this country (✡️) so, you will lose, in the end.  In fact, the development was designed by them, specifically, to get rid of your track.  I'm actually quite surprised that the rulers (✡️) haven't outright banned racing tracks and events yet, *but, it's coming* .  While you car YouTubers have been living it up, our freedoms have been slowly flanked into a corner, with no defense, and no way out.  Soon, we will have to physically fight the rulers, or, we will lose absolutely everything we love, far, FAR beyond driving and racing cars.
I emailed them.  These types of situations are all about money and development, and if it goes through it only shows they are willing to sacrifice a few in order to generate happiness for thousands.  It would be pathetic, but I also implied how it would effect the park down the road and all the nature around there as Bradenton always claims they are so nature friendly and forward thinking.  I also implied, working in construction as I do, there are many alternatives where everyone wins.  Moreover, I grew up less than 10 miles from MIS in Michigan.  When NASCAR had races, you would  hear them farther away than 10 miles.  No wall of no material can keep those vibrations of sound out.
Address the email to: Manatee County Board Of Commissioners
Lets get it done guys.  I'm in Australia will it count if I email these guys?
Just sent in my email from KY. Hope it all works out for the best.
I'm here..   wish I could make it, but will send an email..  but i will say that if the town or county really had the tracks moved away from residencies previously.. then if you fail to be able to stop this you can for sure make the berm or fence the cost of the developer and all future issues to be put through them..  make it set that the developer is responsible for sound wall and any future needed costs to keep the homeowners happy later on..  this sounds like a great case, but it's the county that is in the wrong and should be held accountable in a Supreme court..   big thumbs from me and can't wait to hear more..   thank you
Email sent from Lisbon, OH
Emailed all the way from CA! It is the least I could do for you. Thank you cleet.
People will buy homes there, knowing there are 2 racetracks, & complain about the noise even when the tracks are not in use. Every loud vehicle on the highway will be your fault, & it will only be a matter of time before you are forced to close down. 4500 tax payers vs. 2 racetrack owners. Not a good scenerio.
Just sent my email from Collierville,TN
Damn I’m out of town on business otherwise I’d be there
Why don't you try to buy the land? I'm sure we all would agree that we are all about the track. We would all donate money to help and I believe you know that.
Man Garrett! This is heartbreaking news. Please know that I will be praying (from the Left Coast of Kalifornia)  for you and the Freedom Factory that everything works out according to God's will! You got this bro! And He's got your back! -Arie
You are correct the track will bring in people who will spend money to businesses in town it also makes money for the local government, in my counry our track has a 11pm curfew but people who build in the area should think about noise before they buy and the track has been there for 40 years with out problem but do grt finrd if they break the curfew, i'm in another country so can't really help you guys except ill have my finger crossed
Call DeSantis!
Your only option is for you to buy all that land.  No matter what you do, it will go through because that's what happens.
Just sent emails to each one sorry I can't be there in person but hopefully it does something!
I am sorry to hear this terrible news. That track is the backbone of your life and work you have been putting out there. I am not trying to sound negitive but unfortunately, this is the same thing that happens to airports on a regular basis also. I learned to fly at a small FBO airport that was 14 miles from the city. I moved away, then went back 20 years later and found that not only was the airport gone, so was all the prime farm land surrounding it with housing. I talke to a few of the locals that were there when it happened and they all said the same thing. The property owner of the airport and the farmers of the land were able to close deals on the property that was more money than what they could make with the continued operation of the airport and farming the land. They all retired with a bundle of cash, so you see, It all came down to one thing, money. Florida is a hotspot at the moment, there are many investors/corporations that are pro-housing with deep pockets and will pay the price to anyone that will accept their offers to buy the land to develope it. Land owners have more to gain than you have to loose in this proposal and they don't care. The sad part is the county/state also sees the high dollar investment value of getting more housing/population crammed into an area that not only increases the tax base, but it brings in more money for them to dole out on their own projects. I respect your actions in asking everyone to come together and fight this in a civil way, but unless you can figure out a way to stop the project or at least get it reduced and farther away from your property, its going to be a down hill slide. I wish you the best of luck on this and I am sure you have all of us, your viewiers, in full support of you on this venture to fight to keep this track going.
Bro I hear you and am in support, I am in Texas so tell me who you want me to contact to tell them they are wrong!
I've said it before democracy is dead, it doesn't matter what the people want the county comminsers are getting paid to support the project and it will get pushed through whether you like it or not
Law school coming in clutch!!! SAVE THISE RACE TRACKS!
WEAR A BETTER SHIRT IN COURT LOL
If only you could buy some of the land to keep it from getting to close to the track.
I hate to say this but those county officials have already been bought. I bet the owners and potential future developers have made tremendous campaign contributions. The property tax revenue alone from 4500 new homes has bought it's approval. You'd have a better chance of collecting donations in an attempt to out-bid developers and buy the land yourself. Have you ever seen Clarkson's Farm? How hard can it be to coyote swap agg equipment?
The developers have the politicians on their bank roll. I wouldnt be surprised if some of the politicians have ties to the developers. Welcome to politics.
Tulsa, Oklahoma has your back!! Email sent!
If they think a 25ft wall will get rid of or reduce the sound to the residential area they are fools.  There are areas of the interstate that have these walls on both sides to reduce the noise to the homes, and now those home owners want the walls removed because the sound is worse than before the walls were put up. There was a case probably now 20 years ago at a local oval track to were I grew up new people moving in and complained about the sound of the super Modified’s and such others and demanded the track build 10ft walls all around the track to “keep the sound in”. The track was already lined with tall trees around the track to disperse some of the sound. So long story short, the track complied, build the sound wall…. And what do you know the place now sounds like an arena, and the same people complained again and the city came back and said, the track did as was contracted, if the sound is still and issue either get used to it, or sell your property.
Buy the property and make it into a race track community
Commenting to boost the algorithm
This is what happened to my home track, Asheville speedway. Biltmore estate turned it into a park. Hope for a better outcome.
I'd absolutely be there if I could, but it's almost 20 hours of driving for me, and I've got my road test Thursday. I'll absolutely send an email though.
Same thing has happened here in Australia. They know a track is close by, move in and then sook n moan about noise. It’s honestly disgusting. We have what the media says is a “hoon” problem because young people enjoy doing burnouts etc. the same people labelling others are the same ones complaining about noise to close down tracks. They wonder why there’s such a problem 🤣
Email sent!!!
Not sure if I would have brought that point up because the state will come in and take your property under eminent domain. We own 70 acres in Ohio and they just wanted to build a bigger bridge when we don't have barely any traffic on our road and they took some of our property. They only took like 4 acres but 4 acres is 4 acres I don't want no bigger bridge near my house I don't need more traffic going by my house.
I'm from Canada, any way I can support?
See you Thursday brother
Man, I'm sorry. They don't give two shits about you. It's a wrap, those homes will bring in more tax revenue than your track brings in. It's all about the dollars. 4500 homes. This is sad.
Does your address have to be a Florida/Manatee county address for the email to be helpful?
Cspan on brother
How can the people complain everyday of reckless drivers racing on streets “take it to the track” the actively try to close the tracks
To give it your best shot you need to get real world numbers into the council document and the application. Measure the DBA on the border of your property during a race weekend.   Establish current noise level documented and be accepted by the developer and council in writing in the application, Included in the development with the comparison to an airport and concert. Establish current use how often the track is used have that level of usage documented and be accepted by the developer and council in writing in the application. 50 weekends and an additional 200 week days a year at current usage.   occurred  Basically you need to establish existing use and hours, document this and have the Council and Developer agree to the current use scenario's that are contrary to the development. If you use a lawyer you can establish that that existing use will be unaffected and the mitigation of this existing use falls fully with the Council and Developer.    It would be worth a lawyer writing this up and sending to the council and developers with a written response required, you can then go to the meeting and advise this has all been documented and is known to the council and developers based on the letters you send or serve, whatever you need to do to document their receipt of the letter maybe even film hand delivering them.  I suspect documenting all the existing use, noise and time into the system and mitigation being fully the Council and Developer would be the only way to have a foundation to argue in the future when council change the way you can operate. Sadly without it you can be pushed out as you indicate but with this documented the Council may have to assist as they are paying you to reduce or alter hours of operation as mitigation and that has a price.  I would suggest both raceways do this as individual applications as that would make the council deal with hours and days of use individually meaning every day and weekend could be an operational day and most hours could be the same. Light pollution and noise would be documented and accepted and mitigation to existing use is per property and per system.  The above aproack delayed the closure of a 4wd park we operated for 20 years and when the Council finally closed us down they paid for the development of a new park for us, new parking facilities, new buildings and new courses as these were all documented existing use. Good Luck.
IF TWN. APPROVES, MAKE HOMEOWNERS SIGN A WAVER ( WILL NOT COMPLAIN  IN ANY WAY ) MAKE IT LEGALLY BINDING ?
i wrote my petition.  hope everyone does their part to stop things before its too late
email sent as i cannot be there in person , support form minnesota
What you really should be doing is working with an Urban Planner to get in a zone around the racetrack which does not allow for residential. They could have commercial or industrial if they really want to develop the land next to you, but that's it. Use Ben Avery Shooting Facility as an example in Phoenix. They have a zone around in which no residential can be built.
This is insane. You build a house next to a race track then you built a house next to a race track. If you buy a house next to a drag strip then you bought a house next to drag strip. That's on you for buying that house. Shit like this blows my mind.
Dude put this on your main channel you fool! I'm not subscribed to this secondary channel and the only way I heard about this was through Rainmam Ray's channel! Get the word out.
Let's get those emails going, Do It For Dale!
Can I email from Australia 😂
Bring all your race cars on straight headers preferably to the meeting, and do some revving during the meetings. If they can hear them and are bothered INSIDE an enclosed building, the 25ft fence is a dead topic.
I will send emails to whoever you need. I will come and protest if absolutely necessary.
I'm in hawaii....damn it!
I just messaged a couple members of Congress to see if there was anything they could do about it. I’ve got my fingers crossed for you. I’ll keep you in my prayers.
literally real life dukes of hazard hope you pull thru with stopping it man
Someday soon, the ‘city’ way is gonna realize they are the ones bad for the environment….
Love ya Cleeet…e-mails have been sent from this Upstate New York fan…Hope it helps the cause
You better get ur boy DeSantis to help you out..
Emails sent. This sucks!
Please save the race track!!!! They’re too many of them closing!
Support coming from PA.
This is all too similar to the Laguna Seca Track issue where homes got built close enough that the track would be disruptive and the neighbors complained until now the track enforces mufflers and a decibel limit that if you exceed you get black flagged and kicked off the track. Its insane that they would be willing to build houses within a few hundred yards of the drag strip and expect a 25ft tall fence or wall to dampen that sound...
Unfortunately county officials
Nailed the speech I really hope it doesn't fall on deaf and greedy ears.
Lettin an email rip from VA tater chip
I used to live down there in the early 2000's and went to the drag strip often.  At the time, there was nothing there, absolutely nothing, just rural farmland.  I hate to hear of the buildup and encroachment on the tracks that have been there so long.  It always happens this way where new development runs race tracks and gun ranges out.  Sad, very sad.
This is just scary Myrtle Beach raceway historical NASCAR track was shut down even after they did all the sound Barriers and everything to help
Not great planning at all on their part. Least they could do is a half mile buffer zone or smaller if it helps with sound. Also a Long shot but if you have the funds or raise money to purchase some land from them that's beside the track and then you have a buffer zone
follow the money my boi. you need to file paperwork for historical landmark.
I shared. Followed 1320 and you since day one. You've made such a huge leap it will not end now
Cleetus you know all us Aussies have your back at all times, even if we’re not there with you.
As someone who grew up 11 miles from Darlington Raceway, we heard them practice and race. And we're 11 MILES away...I really hope they revert their decision.
Good luck.
Cleeter's own version of Yellowstone....
Emailed them my boy! All the way out in California!
I'm not in Florida but i hope tons of people show up. I sent the email.. Everyone that watches this has the time to send a email. It's easy.. please do it!!
How can canadians help? Your content is excellent and this is too common an occurrence
you and other youtubers should buy up all the land around the track
Mandan, nd, has their racetrack right in town.  My mom lives at least one mile away.  On a calm, clear night the track sounds like it is right next door.
Buy the land and build an even bigger track…….
so true man, it is very sad to see the loss of tracks, good luck from WA state
For whatever reason I cannot copy the text in the description, nor can I click on the email addresses. Not sure if just my phone or not. But cleet, if it's hard most sissy's won't do it.
government "dont street race take it to a track" "also you can't have a track" Guarantee you most of those gov officials are on the payroll of the developer.
Good luck fellas this is what killed English town in nj the funny part is it’s now rented by copart and the people complain even more cause the trucks show up at all times 😂 serves them right
It would be wild if WhistlinDiesel picked this up and ran with it too 🤯 Cleetus and WDs fan base combined for a great cause.
SHOW UP. SUPPORT OL CLEETER! FREEDOM FACTORY FOR LIFE! 💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪
Call Elon Musk and have him buy it!!! Dude! I hope those houses don’t make it anywhere near The Freedom Factory!
email sent
you need beth dutton on the job lol.... damit dude this is such bs man I cannot believe you have to put up with this garbage.... those tracks are preexisting and they should have the right of way
Dude reach out to diesel brothers we lost our racetrack in Utah if they can I'm betting they would show up for this cause
Garrett you should get a hold of Dave the owner of Sacramento Raceway in CA to see what action he has taken to fight off this same problem since 2001.  Also, Laguna Seca Raceway has a db level in place along with curfews and they seem to be getting by like that for over 15 years.  Just some Plan B's to have in your back pocket.
It’s just a sad thing having to fight to survive when you guys are the only people who have been able to uphold the property and keeping it full
Smh sucks we already lost our track in Houston 😪
I'll gladly do this to help you. My son after this weekend truly took such an amazing passion in racing after being able to be their and see everything first hand
This very thing happened to the Carlsbad race track 😢 which closed. Truly hope the voters can come together to knock this out
It's all about the money, the developers are greasing most of the politicians who have the power to approve their plans. Unless you pay the commissioners more money than the developers, you have hard fight ahead.
This is heart wrenching… our local track here in Kansas City was shut down due to a high value landowner building a house on former agricultural land. After many complaints, she forced the hand of the city to shut the track down. Now all that remains is a depressing field with a poorly maintained gravel path through it. I hope we don’t have America’s best track close to something similar.
Emails sent 👍
so you're telling me a 7.6m fence is going to stop sound? guys you need to get behind ya boy cleet! can us Australian's help at all?
my quick calculation: $18,000,000 property taxes yearly for the county...sorry Cleet this is very sad
I hope they can figure out something. They tried to do this in colorado at bandimere after building houses near by. Luckily we still have our drag strip but who knows for how long.
Wish it was possible to copy and paste the email addresses provided in this link.  I support you cleetus!
If your going on Saturday, just remember to turn up looking respectable. We all enjoy out wife beaters, mullets and crocs but this is not the time.
Sorry brother. I know it sucks but a Sam says "your done" The big dogs with the big dollars that will make a shit ton on the development and the housing always win in this backwards country. Sad day my friend but keep fighting. You damn sure won't win if you don't fight.
I'm so sick of the administrative state
Might not be a bad idea to run for mayor. Who's going to tear down the mayor's track? Eh?
Explain what happens when the tracks close. Tracks close and people turn to the street
Done. One heartfelt email sent to all concerned parties. Thanks for bringing this fight to us, Garrett...perhaps if someone like you had been around in the nineties, I'd still be racing at Detroit Dragway.
maybe some investors need to get together and just buy out all the land. Also, email sent from Kentucky.
I remember having this scare at MIR a while back. Luckily it got resolved. Hope your local government doesn't allow a greedy developer to interfere with the fun of the community. Also a tourist spot that draws in people from everywhere. Imagine all the tax revenue they would lose if every youtuber/wealthy racing resident just left.
3 homes on a single home lot classic
Ron DeSantis can fix this brother. I think he would do it.
One of my local tracks in southeast Michigan has ridiculous sound restrictions due to this exact issue. The track was there long before the homes, then the homes came in, and the complaining forced noise restrictions. Basically any loud engine, cannot be started before 10am, or after 6pm. Resist this as much as you can. I sent email.
Email sent!
It sounds like US planning departments are as intelligent as UK planning departments! People will move in and they will complain because they don't research the area. I wish you all the best fighting this, your shenanigans at the track have entertained me and lifted my mood when I've been on a downer. I hope commonsense prevails.
Developers put a lot of grease in the election funds for the people who make these decisions.    Ultimately your track will bring more income  to  the county than the development because you're bringing in people from all over the nation in.  It seems like Data Is needed and I'm not sure what firms or organizations are needed but that's where I would look also.   If not..  a plan needs to be made to cover expenses and rebuild .    The lawsuits in 10 years from everyone that finds a dead frog I'm their back yard or that has a kid that has asthma is gonna be killer.  I can not join you as I'm in lubbock texas but I will reach out and email them all
Keeping hundreds of races off the streets...well their vehicle death rate will increase if they shut it down.
Done. Just sent the emails. Good luck brother. It happened to PBIR (Moroso), I hope they wont bend over for the developers, but experience tells me the money talks.
Call Ron DeSantis, NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
at some point we need to push homes further away or put something out sayin tracks no longer can be bullied out cause of noise
Hope the emails flood the system. I hope that mine from Houston Tx counts.
HOMES GEAR FOR THE GEARHEAD ,  SELL HOMES TO RACERS
Protect the ag land! I’m in Texas and all I see is beautiful farm land with Horses,cows and longhorn turning into shopping malls and neighbor hoods. Living here for 26 years I never thought the city would feel this close. If they want to put some rental homes like VIR to rent out to racers that would make sense but an entire development is nuts.
If the seller knew about this which he very well might have he really did a number on Cleetus.
It might be prohibitively expensive, but maybe pull a disney move and buy the land so they cant develop it? I know it would be expensive, but its a thought.   I really really hope this whole planning thing doesnt go through.
The same pattern occurs when Urban Sprawl encroaches on  local Airports (Many of which have been airporst since WWII). Exactly the same situation.  So few could muster enough "financial support" to mount a realistic defence. And GA (General Aviation) gets closed out of it's "Grandfathered" homes  (usually ex Military sites) by NIMBIES who are also Johnny-come-recentlies, so too with Motor-Sport.  You must win this.
Email sent from Oklahoma I hope we can stop this
Nice speech in front of that board! I wonder who’s palms are getting greased to allow this ridiculous plan to go through?  I have faith, that you will prevail!!
I'm on a mobile and can't copy and paste anything
There's only one option.... call Mr beast and have him buy the land... duhhh
Good luck.  Long live, the freedom factory!!
I'm afraid you'll be on the losing end of this battle with rich developers and crooked politicians who only see dollar signs. Start the lawsuits now and tie them up in court for years. Make them buy you out for potential lost revenue for the next 50 years. Good luck though, you're going to need it.
Sent:I Oppose"!   Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048"    On behalf of the Bradenton Motorsports Park  & The freedom factory race track.  I strongly oppose to building homes near the tracks.   I do not believe that anyone wants to put two small buisness out of buisness for some land developer to make millions of dollars building somewhere that has already been set as agriculture land.    No race track in America needs homes near it. Makes no sense!  Sound walls on freeways can't keep regular car noise from neighbors,  there is zero chance a 25' wall will keep out race car noise. And the average person is extremely ignorant to complaints made,  will indeed endanger the track owners well-being and their ability to provide for their family's aswell as the employees and their family's.   No board,  nor persons has any right to put any business at risk for any reason what so ever.    If the land needs to be rezoned for solid & productive use,  why not zone to commercial or industrial,  therefore more businesses can thrive and not cause diversity between people!
People in Bradenton or close area, please show up and say something. Everyone please stand together and let’s keep the tracks!!!!! I live too far to show up. This is my home town and where my dad used to race. Let’s not let it get destroyed!!!!
Your need to clean up your presentation.  You need to be grandfathered as an existing use as its being used currently including hours of operation, special event’s, lighting and noise.  I’m guessing your biggest problem is going to be you’re assessed valuation if they change your zoning. With all that high value property nearby it could make it hard to stay in business if your real estate taxes increase to parallel taxes paid per acre in a high density subdivision.
New England dragway will be turned into a development eventually too. They don’t want people to like racing cars
CLEETUS I WILL BACK YOU ANY DAY. THIS will also bring money to the area. And help do much
They know what their doing. They know better. It's like moving next to a pig farm and then bitching about the smell. You can bet money is involved in the decision to allow this. The people that bought that farm land stand to make a lot of money on the deal. The whole reason for zoning is to keep this from happening.
Emails sent, save the racetracks!
PUT IT ON THE MAIN CHANNEL ASAPPPPP
Email sent! There’s no way a wall or fence is going to keep the Karen’s from complaining and trying to shut the tracks down
Emails sent from Oregon City, Oregon
Email sent. We all wish you luck in this fight.
They have no common sense. This track is the best thing to keep kids from racing on the streets. And might save lives but we are not smart enough to realize this. No wall etc will block this noise I hope they truly rethink the common sense behind this
Hey man, wish the best of luck. I emailed as I wouldn't be able to make it there. All the way in Montana. I'd hate to see the development cause the tracks to shut down...ever.
That is why US 30 was closed. Same story racetrack was there first. Homes were built later and after a couple years of complaining it closed.
Damn brother, that is a shitty situation! I wish I could be there in person to represent the FF, but I will definitely be sending that email! I hope it can help. I went to Desoto speedway when I was a kid and it is one of those memories that stays with you forever if you're a race fan. You've been doing great things to restore/preserve a great historical establishment  and I hope we can keep these people from destroying everything you've been working for! So sorry this is happening to You! (Us)
So, idk if you are aware of this Garrett or not, but in the UK the property prices are actually down and the mortgages are really low on real estate especially private homes if they lie under a flight path near any big airport or an airfield because of the noise regulations and other aviation discharge as well. The prospect buyers are made aware of the situation and they are priced accordingly to the comfort/discomfort. I know you are connected to aviation and you can dig in a bit more of how it actually works in the US, but a similar and classic case as this.
1.2 Million E-Mails on the way to the commissioners!!!
I guess only electric cars will be raced at the race track 😢
Good luck and pray your local poliiticans don't fuck you over and force a sale like they do to so many others. Try to line some pockets and get it into writting that those houses will be into proximety to a race track Williams Grove Speedway in PA has similar and excuse my laymens terms
Be POLITE.
garretts true purpose as a lawyer comes in strong
The Memphis international raceway was much bigger and had more  top notch events than Bradenton.  It’s history, gone. Now a warehouse complex
Save te track!!!
Emails sent! I strongly oppose their application.
Your better offering those folks that want to build to buy you out. Calculate how much it will cost to build a Brand New Freedom Factory. Land and amenities. Ask for that amount and more.. Bam move bring the drag strip with you. This is called PLAN B. OR YOU WILL GO DOWN IN TIME. Same thing happen to Denver Airport. Moved way out in the sticks. You have been there. Now years later what was suppose to be a no build zone to keep the Airport from suffering  Stapleto's fate is happing again. In time the Karen's of that New Community will cry long and hard you will lose. On top of that get a New Governor a Karen type you are gone in A NEW YORK MINUETE.
This is bullshit the motorsports are obviously not part of the plan for the matrix being built
During the hearing you should get Mullet on 2 step out the front of the building. No burn outs or smoke show. Educational - so they can hear how loud a race car is!! Most would have no idea.   Best of luck. 👍
The freedom factory must be protected at all costs
And those Gooberment minions don't give a shit about the racetrack.  All they care about is the kickback they're going to get from the development either directly from the developers or from the land they bought when they found out this was going to be proposed.
The money they just bring in to the area , with the racetrack
I work for General Contractor in Construction and sadly this happens to much. I hate to see the expansion and honestly the county likes the money from homes for some reason. For that reason EVERYONE needs to show their support for the Freedom Factory and Bradenton Raceway and try and get this stopped! I will be sending my emails myself
And the investments made to the tracks need 10 years to pay it off.
To all of you watching this; the email is ultra easy. Put one email in as the primary, and BCC the rest. On GMail you can literally copy+paste from the video description!
Sounds like they lost the epa thing now they using developments to push you out. But think it’s real wrong of them to do this.
Write a check Cleetus. Buy if you can!. Everyone have a great Day!!
Hate to say it but it’s a done deal brother. Money  talks and the developers have cash to elect  those  officials deciding your fare.
Make it a destination race world
You have invested millions, you're the first tax payer who invested first. That's theft if the county even allows this. They used you plain and simple. Someone's golfing buddy in the government needs sued.
Can you put up a bid to buy the land surrounding the track? Or work with the developer to buy a large park to be installed in the home areas. Or counter with a commercial zoning to add motels and shop space?
A very thoughtful, intelligent and well presented argument on your behalf.  Hopefully logic prevails.  There is no need for NIMBY syndrome.  As you have said, these parks were put out in the boonies many years ago and now the urban sprawl catches up and here come the NIMBYs.
Emails have been sent from CT. They tired to ordinate Lime Rock Park and we stopped it! Make sure you send your emails people! It really works!
so as a business owner and understand what my employees do in there off time is there time to do whatever. with that most people work somewhere between the hours of 6am-4:30pm. there are multiple issues i see here. first for the business of the racetrack i would say at least 75% of there revenue comes from the times of 6pm-close and with the new home owners/employees working till about 4:30pm you see the issue there with noise. Second which could be a bigger issue in the outlook of things is the lack of attendance at these types of meetings. i have had first hand experience with this issue where they hold the meetings at 9AM when 70% of the local home owners are at work and now the board committee is forcing there home owners between providing for the family in "hard time for the working class"   and going to a meeting that allows for that same working class to have the freedom out side of work to do what they want to do. the plan to build homes there will no matter what lead to a more unhappy place to live and also decrease the value of the land since one of the highest appeals to the area is the track. in my current burrow we have passed stuff saying that we must schedule a time for meetings that allow for  35% of the homeowner population in the burrow to be able to attend and 8% must be present to pass anything.
Unfortunately like every other track there is no hope they don't care they only see 4500 new property taxes
You are very right, I live north of i-4 and East of i-75  that is about four miles from the state fair grounds that used to have a dirt track. You could hear them on Saturday nights they also tried with a wall it didn't work . they also had a road course race
I literally only took 3 minutes to email everyone on the list.
What if you dont live in the United States but in Canada?
Done brother
Hey cleet, show us an example of what that email would look like please😉 P.S. I'll be down soon to get my giveaway truck!
No way this doesn’t get approved. I’m sorry this is happening to you.
You need to explain how much $ you bring in on taxes, that is all they care about
Don't have to ask me twice!  Sending my email! We have to save both race tracks!
Try and buy some of the land anything that abuts the race track you’ll probably have to pay a hefty price for it seeing how new home values values are through the roof
It's the same thing in central Florida these greedy fkn local politicians are approving housing left & right. Even giving up protected land, 1 of them being the location of the last sightings of a protected Florida panther in  my area. The new housing has little to no regulations.They build up and everywhere else is flooding that never flooded before. We have homes and old neighborhoods still underwater next to new housing developments. Their answer? More new homes same shitty contractors who will make no effort to prevent flooding around their site.
They should place sound meters around the building zone to research the sound levels during a drag race and your events to judge the impacts .
Buy the first 4 rows of houses and rent em out with track time
Email sent from Canada  Ps. Looks like your against a Karen boss.
Airports have the same problem. As a former pilot and drag racer this irks me. Messages sent. Good luck.
I opposed to those 7 emails Cleet!!
You should consider reaching out to conservation groups about getting that land under a conservation easement DeSantis has grant money out there to buy land for conservation reasons. Conservation easement would seize all development
Keep in mind that this is a global track. Your channels and business draw support and exposure from across the globe (South Africa).   Having two world-class venues side by side is a recipe that would be hard to relocate or replicate as it is the people, location and massively expensive infrastructure that make this work. I suggest getting declaration and support from other tracks that have closed down or face closure for the same reasons.  You have our support.
Good luck Sir. In Cali we lost all of them except Irwindal
Man I’ve been hearing a lot about the noise complaints about the drag strip in my hometown. Elite Tuner got shut down early back in the spring because of noise complaints and there wasn’t even any racing. They were supposed to shut down years ago but they keep fighting because it brings in a good amount of money for the small town and it’s one of if not the only drag strip in South Jersey. It hurts so much to see our government destroy what we love. It feels hypocritical. They want people to stop street racing so they want us to go to the track, but then build houses next to the track and shut them down which brings back those street racers. It feels like there is so little we can do to protect what we love
Fuckin fancy Florida man FTW! Ima send emails Cleet strong work💪🏻
This is a huge tax increase for them. It's going to pass. I would agree to let the builder put up the wall on his dime and make plans to move yourself in ~3-5 years. If you're growing like you have been, you'll need the space likely anyway.
Isn't that the land that flooded like crazy during the last hurricane? I feel like I remember some of those videos talking about areas near the track being covered in water.  May be something be bring up to the county if that's right.
DO IT FOR DALE!!          🦅🇺🇸🦅         👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Buddy you were almost a Lawer and you dressed like that?
Email sent , every little helps 🫡
How dumb must you be to put housing that close to a racetrack. Seriously these people don’t care at all about anyone but themselves.
Good parking "farm land" if someone were to buy it cough cough
Done!
START A GOFUNDME AND BUY THOSE HOUSES! MERICA
This EXACT scenario plays out with Gun-ranges all the time.  An outdoor gun-range will be in operation for 30 years, some people move in nearby and start complaining about the noise.  After 3-4 years of a legal battle, the Gun range is forced to shut down, either by the courts, or an inability to continue financing the legal-battle.
IT’s Florida! They don’t care it’s all money and they will sell you a home that’s underwater in 6 months.
Garret Mitchell?  Lmbo
I need someone to please tell me what to put in the subject line for these emails??   I feel like it needs to be sent a certain way or it will be ignored and I just wanna make sure I help the correct way.  I'm not sure whether to put the ordinance number or My name and address in the subject line.
This happened to Mesa Marin Speedway here in Bakersfield,CA. They built a new track and are heading towards this path yet again with building homes next to the track. Good luck Garrett, seems no matter how many people band together to save our tracks, were over ruled and tracks get destroyed.
Thats sad I hope they let you stay and dont build. all of these homes being built where animals live is sad also people wonder why we don't see certain animals and bugs anymore its cuz we are building where they live and destroying their homes its fucked hope they stop this.
Just buy all the houses along the line of the track and rent them out as air bnb lol
I hope you tell your fellow  Florida YouTubers
They complain about street racing and say "go race at a track" and then they make sure to kill all the tracks. All for their money grabbing.
I used to live just off campus at UNC Charlotte. For those of you unfamiliar with the area, it is about 4 miles from Charlotte Motor Speedway. There are lots of hills, valleys, and trees in that four miles and yes I could hear the Coca Cola 600 every May. This exact thing killed Shuffletown Drag Strip in Charlotte. They built that strip in 1958 in the middle of nowhere. Eventually a developer converted farmland to housing developments and the people who bought houses there killed it over noise that existed long before many of the new homeowners were even born. Shuffletown closed it's gates for the last time in 1991 and today's generation of hot rodders have no idea what was lost. Today the former dragstrip is a park.  Charlotte Motor Speedway has enough political muscle to fend off attacks like this. Small tracks like the Freedom Factory do not.
you need to get a professional economist to assess your business properly and estimate the revenue you're pulling in for the county in my opinion. There's nothing better than hard numbers and i'm confident this track is doing enough for your area to be a baffling statistic to people who likely know nothing about racing.
Good luck.. this is very unfortunate...sorrowful..
Fight it until the end this is happening way to often enough is enough the track was there first happened to raceway park in NJ hopefully everyone will bombard the hell out of them so they get sick of it and piss off lol.
Unfortunately i cant be there in person but i emailed everyone on the list. Good luck with this.
Good luck, I know you try so hard
What's wrong with this world, motors make music ..... Long live Freedom
Rise up Cleeter Nation!!!!
This is the problem with Bureaucrats they think they can just run roughshod over everybody all for the almighty dollar 💵 in taxes that’s all the F**K they care about!!!!  ITS TIME FOR AMERICANS TO STAND UP AGAINST THIS COMMUNIST 🐂 💩 AND SAY OH HELL NO YOU’RE NOT GONNA DO ALL THIS COMMUNIST 🐴💩& 🐂 💩 TO US BECAUSE WE’RE NOT GONNA STAND FOR IT !!!  Americans have gotta start protesting and voicing their strong opinions against such wrongdoings!!!!!!!!!!  FOR EVIL & WRONG TO RUN RAMPANT & PREVAIL IS FOR GOOD MEN TO DO NOTHING!  Stand up American Men get a backbone and grow a pair & stand up against wrong and stand up for righteousness! Also in the case of American Women grow a backbone and stand up for the same thing.
Should have posted on the main
To bad we couldnt come up with the money to buy land and put up homes and hotel for people to rent like bnb that want to stay there and listen to the music of them hps
Someone Please help me SEE this im freaking color blind and the maps look like nothing.
I am not from anywhere close to Florida but its keeping alot of people off the streets
This all boils down to $$$ the county would love to have 4500 more homes to collect taxes on. A low estimate of 4500 homes $12,000,000 annually. Can the two tracks generate that much in hotels, dining and local business support?
I never got this concept if you don't want to hear trains don't live by train tracks if you don't want to hear planes don't live near an airport you don't want to hear cars don't live near a drag strip or a race track. I think you ought to make a million billboards and surround that place what signs it says you are living near a racetrack not that that will help but might help some! This is BS. By the way you were totally legit the way you explained it and very professional!
I live like 4 miles from a race track and u can hear it loud and clear witb turn there on
Let’s get 4700 cleetus fans to buy up the land and keep the race tracks safe.
What it's doing is putting it out the streets which causes more problems for them as well and what I mean street racing
Sent my email from out here in the Rockies
This is how they always do it man. They expand housing next to existing gun ranges and race tracks and then the complaints come in from the new residents and the "grandfathered in" rules for you go away and then you're forced out 1 way or another. Whether it's impossible to follow their ridiculous new guidelines or they fine the shit out of the gun range/ track owners.
Email sent. Stop this at all costs. Honestly with the popularity of the freedom factory it wouldn't be surprising if the EPA was funding some of this. In an attempt to perpetuate the same situation that shut down many other tracks, while they are attacking the automotive industry in force.
I'm from South Africa and we lost two of our best dirt tracks in Cape Town. The oldest dirt track moved to our main circuit track and converted the dirt cars to tar/ahpsalt racing specs. The main circuit started in 1947. Well now houses also been built people ranting about the noise. The circuit cars has been forced to reduced exhaust noise and subjected to decibel test. Totally understand what you and fans will go through.
Seen this happen in New Zealand several times. People move in knowing that if they complain enough they will get a racetrack closed down.
We are all behind you brother. WE WILL BE THERE!
I wish I could participate in this!!
That sucks! Can't fight City Hall. Sad to say this man, you're going to lose because there are hundreds of thousands of dollars to be made off of those homes being built. THEY DON"T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT CAR PEOPLE! We lost out race track here due to this same situation. It's a battle that won't be won. The greedy Politicians and their tax revenue ideas for future growth will doom that FF and that drag strip. Sorry, but it's the facts. There can be hundreds of people and thousands of names in opposing of this being done and that will all fall on deaf, greedy, pocket lined with cash from builder's eyes. Seen this happen before. It's already done, man. The Township, council, all those in favor of building these new homes already have it done. Doing these steps now are all the "legalities" of finalizing of the deal(s) It's all about the money, money, money, money, money!!!!
Done!
Email Sent to all that was listed
Tracks are closing everywhere . Got to keep yours alive
I'm on it Garrett. Your level of professionalism is always impressive under any and all circumstances. Growing up in California I have seen the death of more race tracks than I can count.  Riverside international raceway was huge and the driving force of growth in Riverside. That same growth paid for with money from racers pockets eventually killed the track.  Home owners will complain if allowed in. Stopping the rezoning is the right move.  Government must understand that the land use can't be changed simply for greed of those not willing to put housing where it is already zoned for housing because rezoning is cheaper than the land already zoned for housing. They would *NEVER* rezone land that is zoned for housing, and allow a racetrack to be put there.  So why should they allow the opposite. Help our racing future by helping Garrett (Cleetus) in any way you can.
Their poor inboxes are going to get absolutely obliterated 😂 That’s if their mail server doesn’t crash first! 👌🏼👌🏼 Keep the Freedom Alive!!
Watch careful who the group that owns the land is friends with…all to often a few favors exchange hands and people get a few perks off allowing it and it will get approved. Follow the money and you’ll se who your up against
I would also suggest bringing to the boards attention, that that land would be better utilized as a hospitality and entertainment area. Build hotels for the massive number of people coming to the area for events. Build restaurants, build other entertainment facilities. Give the people somewhere to enjoy their lives… houses can go somewhere else.
Bring it up to Governor of Florida
There is a Dirt Track Called Lincoln Speedway and there is a housing development all around the only way they never got shut done was they put the track lower into the ground which causes alot of money and rebuilding not agreeing with them or saying no but that's the only way a race has survived
Phuck em , my shit was here before your homes.  We got your back and Bradenton motorsports park too.
BUY THOSE POS THIEFS OUT.!.!.!..!
In Quebec,Canada they almost cloded every racetrack becayse of this exact reason... people move in their new house and complain about the race car sound. Load of fines are given to race tracks owner. This is shit man... I hope yall win this
This seems relevant to my area.  Look up braintree massachusetts gun club.  One of the the oldest in the country.  A developer built next door and told investors the gun club wouldn't be an issue.  Complaints ensued.  But the club is still there.   FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT!!!!   there is enough people behind you.  You can beat this.
The tryna party poop. Somebody hating
One word: Yellowstone
Dang brother .. that's gna be a tough fight... stay strong cause those coxk suka real-estate people are in for blood
Hey American's and the world help buy THIS property FROM tyrancy
I’m serving in the Marine Corps currently but I grew up and lived in Florida for 18 great years. I have sent my email to the people listed and I hope that all of our contributions will help make their decision of denying this home building so these tracks can live for another 50+ years! Hopefully the overwhelming support from the fans will help make that decision easy
@thequartering
Bandemire goes through this a lot. Y'all should talk with them.
Government needs to keep their nose out of certain stuff. This is the land of the free because of the brave.
Come prepared next time! No more “look it up”… show them. Bring toast and have James start it in the parking lot. It’ll shake the building. They’ll get the point then.
What I’m hearing is we need all the racers to buy houses near the race track
I grew up going to Bradenton motorsports let's stop these asshats from ruining the dragstrip I love the smell of burning rubber and high octane fuel
Thursday is about to be poppin’ at the administrators office 😂😂 they’re not going to be ready for the support from the car enthusiasts!! I oppose!!
This is very very very bad news for any race track. Absolutely right this is the classic how to kill a race track.. this is horrible
Just buy that property get your friends and America to help you buy it go fund me style! It will work.
Need to call whistlendiesel
And that's y people start doing illegal racing and drifting on public streets cleetus2 McFarland
I'm in davenport in my semi. If I could get there, I'd help for sure. Good luck. I'll do what I can
These people are like the ones that buy a house near railroad tracks and then get mad when a train comes buy.
Dude im in canada is there any way i can help
This is what Karens and govt do. Bring it large scale housing, build houses, idiots move in. Then complain until the govt shuts the race tracks down. Need a 200ft wall to do anything. Look at the environmental impacts and get the FL DNR involved. Find a damn endangered frog or something!
Guarantee those 5 are getting paid by the land owner.
Well dang! That is a terrible idea to build there. Way back in the day we used to hear the drag strip while camping at camp flying eagle and that's about 4.5 miles away as the crow flies. Will definitely send an email showing my opposition.
This literally took me 2 minutes to email three people. Just copy and paste. And I did it for my bed in Michigan! May the power of Dale be with you brother!
Beautifully said Garret! Absolutely amazing
Cleet you should also bring to light how important race tracks are in keeping street racing down. Less people die and the roads are safer. The racing is going to happen no matter what and then eventually shutting the track down is basically asking for a less legal and more dangerous approach to racing. Don’t think I’m on the wrong side here either. I don’t mind street racing at all I’m just viewing it through their eyes.
Time to bring whistlin diesel out with you.  Lol
Buy the land from Florida, problem solved.  Yes our local track KCIR in independence mo. Was shut down for exact reason. Big daddy, force, shearlie ect. Raced there when they where starting racing.
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 Just because u didn't finish law school doesn't mean u can't give'm ur skills. U said u loved destroying the other person in mock trials. Time to shine Cleeter. Go get'm !!!
I bet they are turning off their email notifications right about now 😂.  Sent!
Should we call Cody?
They do the same things to airports.  DIA was build out in the middle of nowhere in the late 90s.  Been to dia lately? It’s surrounded by condos and homes.   Ppl are stupid.
I feel like such an idiot but where do I find the link so I can email these bird members that I oppose
Emailed clete
Send emails!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think it will go through, you will just get a massive discount on your house that's next to a race track 🤷🏼‍♂️
Very professional sir.
So, why not buy up all the houses? You have more than 4500 followers. I would not Mind owning a house near a racetrack. Just saying.
🫡
Praying for you all to get this stopped it’s terrible how many times this type of thing has happened before 🙏
This is the new America and its a shame. People don't respect what other people do. Motorsports are a huge part of America's history and that is how I would play this.
They don't want to to promote The American dream. They want to squash you like bugs because you're making good things happen. And of course it about monies your gonna need
People with money think they are so special.
Imagine moving right beside the freedom factory and not wanting to have a free view of the track. I would be pissed if they put a fence up
Speaking of losing race track…Copart is a huge destroyer of local race tracks.  They are offering big money for these pieces of land, easy for them to get zoning changed and then park their cars.  Stop supporting Copart!
Email sent good buddy.
Florida man here, all my emails are sent. Please everyone take the time to get behind our man cleeter on this, if we all stand together, we can stop this from ruining "our track"!!!  HELL YEAH BROTHER!!!
Brotha buy the land
Emails a flyin.  Got yer back from Arkansas
email sent
Brother, no way that gets zoned for residential, not if the average florida men and women who follow you have anything to say about it.   If it wasnt so late notice I'd be down there at 9am tomorrow, from North Carolina. I know you're gonna have a ton of folks show up to support you.  In either case, an email is getting sent on my behalf. Hope it helps!
We need whistling Diesel to help get some people out there. He has amazing turnouts with the things he does
Ima call my uncle Ron . Lettem know how they tryin to do  mcfarland race team
That lady looks so evil behind you 😅
They close your tracks, there’s going to be more STREEEEET RACING! Hello damn asses in the courts 🤣😂😬  I support you and our FF. I’ll try and get down for sure. I’m in Jacksonville so igg to lol be nice to meet you guys too🤟🏼 Much love/respect sent “Garret Mitchell” loo
Should maybe start cruising Copart for a good used Komatsu D355A.
Good luck! If this reaches the state, start leasing all the billboards in the area so they can't advertise the development and everyone going to look at a home knows there is a very lively racetrack next to their potential house. If the solution becomes something new homeowners sign, fight to get a clause in the document which forces the developer and homeowner to be responsible for your legal fees to resolve any disputes. Be respectful, but cunning and tactful!
im so conflicted on this. we need more housing because the market is fucked and home values are artificially inflated. on the other hand, businesses like yours deserve to thrive and have done everything they can do compromise and not interfere with residential areas. surely there is somewhere else they could develop somewhere else?
This is some dukes of hazard stuff. Just hope the track can stay
Sent an email explaining how OCIR drag strip here in orange county calif was such a big part of my life and my family's life.  I drive every day to work (I'm a high school auto shop teacher) past sand canyon exit which you took to get to the track.  It is all closed down and now industrial parks and homes surround it.  Breaks my heart every day and it has been years!  I have sold my race car, trailer, tow vehicle, and all my gear because I'm not towing 4 hours to race.   Now the idiots with their supposed fast cars block the freeway and have their races anyway at 2:00am in the morning on the 405 freeway.  Brilliant!  That worked out great, huh?
Done. Emails sent.
Fingers crossed we can get this stopped I sent my emails
Put it together and buy up the land. Jet Sprint track/Bass Pond.
Would emails from non-US residents and citizens from other countries be allowed to email? I don't want to get you in trouble.
If development is going to happen right there I would think that it would be better to build something like retail stores and restaurants and such. Like you said, your events and the drag strip next door bring in revenue for the city/county/state, so why not put something there that can support the tourist population both tracks bring in. It would literally be a win for all parties.  P.S.  someone could buy the land and make it a wildlife refuge too…
Saw this happen to a track in Arizona, hopefully these people listen.
I say we get some "take it to the track" merch going to help with the fence 👍👍👍👍
Emails sent my friend. Let's do this people!
I have sent my email as well Garrett.  I have also sent an email to the SEMA Action Network to make them aware of the current situation hopefully it helps.  Anything else I can do short of being in person let me know.  I would also recommend finding out who was part of the EPA opposition that was going through congress and get your congressman involved
You need to be presenting dollar figures that the tracks generate for the community. There are statistics and dollar figures out there for what the financial impact is from sporting events, rock concerts, etc, etc that could be used.
Email sent! You have my support from Arizona!
Buy the land
Buy it up and expand the freedom factory
Get a hod of DeSantis he understands the value that social media and influencers are bringing to Florida.
Let’s go!!
Same general idea that happens with things like airports, (O'Hare) public trans, (CTA) or even chocolate factories.  (Look up Blommer Chocolate).  People move in, knowing full well that something is there and then complain.  It has never made any sense to me.  Move to a place you enjoy, not one you want to convert.
my county (bradford) won’t allow what they are doing with land in this town
Let’s buy the land! All of us pitch in as fractional owners!
Emails sent from Kansas!
I sent my opposition emails.  Cleeter Mc'Skeeter, please consider making an email in which we can send you our opposition email. Collecting any proof you can goes a long ways.  🦅Hell Yeah Brother! 🦅
Archerfield raceway in Queensland, Australia is being killed for this exact reason.
This is out of hand…… what’s next guy’s…..
Good luck pal. I've seen it happen but the tracks never win. Those 4700 homes will generate way more taxes than your track and all of it's visitors. The best you can hope for is to break even when you are forced to sell out. Unless of course you can get your governor on your side. You might want to drop him a line. I hear he's pretty cool.
I cant show up since i live in texas and short notice but ill be sending emails to everyone
I'll definitely be sending an email for you guys, I'm not sure if I'm allowed because I live in canada but I flew all the way down for the last Klutch Kickers event and man the freedom factory is killer! Definitely gotta do what we can to keep it running long term
this should be on your main channel get all your viewers to email in
Please, Cleeter Nation, step up. I'm emailing.
Sent mine
Very nicely said sir.
Well I’ve done all I can do to help as I’m sure many have. I really hope this helps
Post this on the main channel!
What bullshit this is!!! Keep building when nobody but the politicians want it. Developers need to be slapped down. How about fixing up shit that is already built and ignored? All they care about is new tax revenue but never look at the tax burden with added housing
This happened to the race track in my local area, sun valley speedway Vernon BC
Emails sent. Godspeed brother man
Sent an email, don't know if it will help from a Texan but if it might help I am all for it.
WISH U ALL THE BEST  👍 👌
Houston Raceway Park is gone in next few months. Alamo track went away this year and same with one in Atlanta. And was watching a stream at one and had a curfew cause a Karen moved in close to the track after it has been there for like 30+ years and bitched and complained. You moved next to a track you cannot bitch about the noise. It is like moving next to an Airport and trying to get it shut down. You knew it was there first.
Looks like its time for Garrett to make a boss move and just buy out all of that land lol
God bless the Freedom Factory!!! You are a warrior Cleetus! Stand  your ground. Don't waiver!! Bald Eagles can fly over any 25' fence!!!!!!!🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
I think its about time for land investments..... "FFF" Freedom Factory Farms!!!!!!!! Im sure that entire area could be used as prime cattle grazing
I never sign petitions or even comment on many videos. I sent emails to all of them on the list in support. Keep doing what you're doing !
Disneyland had to remove the Maliboomer due to noise complaints. And they the best of the best, and the bucks to try and contain "noise pollution". No wall will stop the complaints, best of luck!
Tangentially, something that wasn’t brought up in your arguments, is really that the developers really don’t care at all. They are coming in building and selling a bunch of homes to people who will not understand what they are buying. They only care about their profit on the initial al build. Might suggest you find yourself a good real estate attorney to help you in your next steps.
Have @1320video help get the word out.
Everyone share and spread this on all social. Hit up all the big name people you can. Imagine them getting a million plus email " I appose this !" Time to get to work brothers
Unfortunately I live in Italy so I can not contribute in any way, but if this is really happening it would be really bad. I totally know what it means to live near a big source of noise. Like you said, some day they will complain about
They tryin to wedge you out. Best thing to do is buy that said property They will push you out as they did every other tracks that went under in America it's The new thing to ruin America it's The priority of your government's All across the country.
unfortunate situation. One on hand we lose yet another track, on the other hand we lose 4500 potential homes.. Were in a housing crisis just as much as a freedom crisis, sadly. While I obviously want to the track to withstand the potential development, It's hard to say no to new homes when I walk by countless homeless each day in my city. Still rootin for ya though
Get a lawyer and start a petition
Reminds me of Laguna Seca. Track was in the middle of nowhere. People started building houses around it and then the residents complained. Now there's noise ordinances to limit to 90 dB.
I’m about to leave from Michigan and go to that meeting.
This is why tracks keep closing all over the country. Housing expands out which takes out the tracks.
Also consider talking about how if the track is shut down, the "racing" doesn't just go away, it'll get worse out on public streets.  At least with the track, there is a safe place for people to go and participate in racing in the proper setting.  Take that away from them and now the community, local government, and local law enforcement have to deal with a problem they probably are not anticipating.  Another thing is that tourists go to towns, cities and areas to visit attractions, not housing developments.  Take away the track, you take away an attraction that brings people to your town and provides jobs to people that live there.  Best of luck and if you need to, use a lot of the race tracks in Southern California as an example.  Riverside International Raceway, Ontario Motor Speedway, the Santa Ana dragstrip, Carlsbad Raceway, Palmdale International Raceway, and Orange County International Raceway in Irvine are a few.  They disappeared, giving people less options and look at the problems with street races and take overs out here.
I emailed all of them for you guys cleet and victor
Same thing happening here in new zealand just lost our track with the fastest drift entry in the world
I emailed and opposed from Australia. But mainly pushed what you have done for Bradenton etc
Bunch of bullshit bud….
As a canadian I wish I could do more. I’d be willing to sign any petition you write up. I wish you the best!
All the best you guys.  I really hope it works out!  Wish I was rich.  I'd buy the land around you.  Good Luck!
I can't be in Florida Thursday morning, but I sure as heck sent those emails out.
Email is sent here from Tennessee.  Wish I could show up in person
Done
I live in California and I totally understand this should not be approved. We have lost  so many iconic race tracks to urban development it’s almost A crime they’ll tell these people they have to sign a piece of paper and someone will find a lawyer to fight it. And then the writing is on the wall. All of us in the YouTube Community need to help fight this no matter how small of a shout out for Cleetse’s and freedom factory !!!
Unfortunately can not be there in person.  But as a long time County employee in California, I understand the process.  A letter was sent on your behalf.  Good luck on Thursday.
They don’t care about our race tracks. Just about Starbucks…..
Hate to say it but you are done. They will make so much more money from taxes on 4500 homes than your track, and that's all they care about.
25 ft wall will do nothing. There’s a huge hill between my town and the dirt track a couple miles away and you can hear everything
I’m off Thursday. I’ll be there. Please send me the address I’m going to bring my boys with me too, they’re 5/6 and did their first oil changes at 3/4. Hopefully showing up as a family that loves and supports motor sports will be helpful
Emails sent from AZ!
Emailed and shared on Facebook
You forgot to mention to the court that you’re not some kid (in their eyes) that got lucky from a YouTube come up. You are actually a HUGE influencer to the car community all over the WOLRD. Your growth has shown ALOT of people that anything is possible as long as you apply yourself to it. I believe that you should of also mentioned that your not only a kid that grew as an influencer, but that priority to this career you were going to Law School, so you have some understanding on how the court system works.
Columbus motor speedway is proof of this same thing
I'm sorry but that woman looks like she peels off her face at night and eats souls. Jeeezzzz.
I live in pa but i might fly down.
I’ve been watching Yellowstone and you need to become the governor…
These climate nazis want race tracks to die. They've convinced themselves the world is ending when if you open your eyes it's all bullshit.
email sent Cleeter!!!    Much love From Wi man.
This is exactly what happened to El Cajon speedway in Southern California
Bro who's that evil monkey lookin lady in the thumbnail?
I live in Canada, local racetrack is Waterford Hills in Michigan. They had a subdivision built literally next to the the track. They have a 25ft wall and sound radar gun on the other side and they can only operate between 8am-5pm. A lot of the homeowners have their own sound radar too and call and complain if they hear anyone blow sound. This has been going on for 65 years, but fortunately the track can still operate. It is a pain to have to follow these rules that shouldn't have to exist in the first place had the subdivision never been built.  Bes of luck to you guys, defend our racetracks! Also, how about the idea of buying the property instead to insure it never happens? Might be kind of pricy tho haha.
Email Sent! Please get something out on your other channel man! I'd really like to see you win this fight!
email sent brother, god speed.
If they want to turn profit on the farm land then make it an industrial zone.  People working with loud machinery won't be bothered by the noise and won't be there late at night to impose time restrictions.
I sent a email to all on your list. Hopefully the overwhelming support will open the eyes of those in office. All the luck to you in overturning this terrible decision from elected officials.
Polluted land can halt development
This killed our dragstrip on Long Island.
Written email in opposition sent from Melbourne, Australia. We're with you mate. The world today is not defined by geographic limitations, we as subscribers and fans have been on a long journey watching and supporting as you grow, and this track means something to all of us, no matter how close or far we are from it. All the best.
Mission Accomplished Cleet....... Wish I could be there in person. Sometimes, I feel like we live in an episode of "The Twilight Zone" when I see elected officials pushing through something this ignorant.
Politicians could care less they hate you. If your not corrupt your not in the club.
Email sent. If anyone is a true fan of your content that will send an email.
invite them out to an event and show them what they'd be killing
Did it for Dale!!!
Sent my email to them. I can't be there in person. I am praying that we can get this problem taken care of.
Email is send, head height brother
Email sent! Hope this all works out we've already made plans to come to Le Mullets next year.
Jesus that’s terrifying. You need to invite DeSantis to some events
Put this on main channel bro too
it's probably a BlackRock investment powered by all the biggest globalist scum.
This is exactly how we lost basically the only drag strip in all of Utah. Good luck.
This is a part of Garrett’s success story going into public record.   We are gonna name a highway after this man someday 🤙🏻🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
I hope this turns out to be a positive win for you. Maybe they should think about an industrial warehouse type area but we know money drives greed
These developers just buy these politicians through "donations" and get their way.  Going to be a tough battle.
I sent the email from Mississippi. Have been to one cleatus and cars at the track
Put up some large billboards on your property facing the new subdivision. Large letters stating “this is a race track! It is noisy! We aren’t going anywhere.  Get permits, do it legally.  Put up a bunch around your property line. ✌️
i wish i was American to help by voting to keep the freedom factory open don't they realise how big the American burnout scene can grow to.  world status events are what's needed to help jump start the economy again.    and what better event for getting rev heads to take it to a safe place instead of doing it on the streets and possibly injuring pedestrians fingers and every possible appendage crossed for you guys at the FREEDOM FACTORY
Here in Norway is very difficult to convert farm land to buildings. In a world with too little food we agree that we should produce as much food as possible.
sent email
Buy the land build a road course
Buy the lots closet to the track and put rental houses on them. You control the tenants.
emails sent I have always found it insane that people can move in and just complain enough to get sht shut down they should have no right lets get this denied
Email sent from Minnesota
You should look for an engineering firm to do a sound study  for the race track. They can come up for recommendation on sound dampening. This could be presented to the county to show that the proposed wall would not be sufficient.  They can also recommend a wall design that might actually be useful.  I am an engineer who designs and installs equipment where the county often requires us to do a sound study and install sound abatement on a regular basis. So worth looking into.
Can I email in from Canada?😂 this hits close to home. Our beloved airport drag strip got shut down because neighbours couldn’t take the noise(and they still have to live next to an active airport?) now there is 0 legal ways for average guys to race.
Hey Cleeter, Civil Engineer here. Not sure what the rules in Florida are but in California things are historically protected if over 50 years old. Might want to look into that aspect to gain an argument from that perspective against development.
I wish I could come brother
I wrote out some words and included the application information in an email.  I hope you are able to gain some positive footing in a timely matter with this issue.
Unfriggenbelievable... Unacceptable... Respectfully Oppose!
If this goes through we all need to become Florida home owners and buy all of the houses they plan on putting in so we can keep the tracks alive
Just sent my email. Wish I could attend on Thursday. Instead I passed the word so that others can also send emails.
This is messed up i appose i will do my part
You don't have enough $$$$$ bro. Those developers OWN everyone in the chain.
6k comments lol they about to get flooded
It goes without saying the developers are the commissioners' brother and/or sister in-law, cousins, etc. Garrett, were the door knobs/handles slippery (from all the greased palms)???
So what will be the process of this does get passed I have seen that they don’t care how many people come or email it usually doesn’t affect outcome hopefully it will here since there is an insane audience around the world but what would happen after of it fails since it would lead to the death of the strip and ff
Fight the power. Fukem
Gosh I’m sorry Garrett that they want to do the slow approach of closing down the tracks
im guessing you cant oppose if you live out of America? 😅
As a guy from the Netherlands i can't really do anything to help with this, but i am very aware of what home development does to race tracks all over the world. Race tracks disappear or have to close at certain times and aren't allowed to let any loud car race at all..  I do understand that they want more home development in the area, and maybe they can do it, just perhaps not that entire piece of land they would like to use, maybe smaller so there's still more distance between the tracks and the houses, WITH a sound barrier in place as well, that's a must either way I'd say.  Here in the Netherlands it's pretty common to see any kind of sound barrier (glass walls, solid wood or metal etc walls, even grass hills) next to a highway that's coming past an urban area, or even past a lonely farm close to the highway, so I'd definitely have them put any sort of effective sound barrier if they do decide to allow the home development there.  Like i said, perhaps if they don't want to completely throw away their development plans to let the tracks survive, then maybe you can together agree on plans for smaller development plans (smaller area so more space from the tracks remains) that still include a sound barrier.
Emails sent from Lees Summit MO brother!! my local tracks closed for this very reason and i would hate to see more close.
Unfortunately, this is exactly what happened to Raceway Park in Englishtown NJ as well. They had to shut down the dragstrip 😢
Sent a very polite email, everyone should email. No matter where you're from, a polite email telling your story about the race tracks will go a long way.
bunch of old farts with money want quiet they wont want the race track
I'm in the area ( Cantabria) and your tracks are annoying as hell. All day you hear really loud 6 to 10 seconds of ripping. It's cool at first but I will definitely be happy if it ever stops.
ICC commie codes need to be stopped everywhere
Email sent
i would love to live next to a track haha.. it woulkd remind me of living at wyotech again ahaha
Multiple emails sent from out here in California. We have your back Cleet!
Oh hellz no. They need to get along with this crizzap
47 years ago  in Prince Georges county Maryland this same thing happened . Beltsville Speedway a newly constructed 1/2 asphalt speedway was built and very popular, also NASCAR sanctioned. Within 6 years it was all over. Everything was fine for the first 3 years. Builders bought land about 1/4 mile away for  a townhome project a year later. They knew of the racetrack going in before even buying the land. Within a year as homeowners began moving in they started complaining about the noise of the racetrack. They complained to local government, councilmen and the Prince Georges county gov't. 1 year later after local complaints the race track was mandated to run mufflers on all classes of cars. Another year go's by and the races track had another  restriction placed on it. This time a 16 foot wall had to be built if it wanted to continue having races there so a wall was built to appease the county and nearby residents. Again complaints were lodged against the racetrack in the off season so the track owner just threw his hands up and said " I'm done."  If they approve the request to approve building next to your race track so fine but the developer is paying for the wall and homeowners will be notified  before signing home contract they aware of the racetrack and they still want to purchase the home in that development.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Regards and good luck, Wayne A. Lee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Millsboro, De.
As much as it sucks I respect you for the way you are handling it. We can respectfully show them how much we care about our tracks.
Sent my email. It’s not much but it’s honest work.
Rolla speedway in Rolla Missouri died the exact same way
So sad what the world is coming to. Take away people's fun bc other don't like it & want to build homes on top of homes.
email has been sent👍
I live in Pinellas county just north of you, wish I could vote to help with this. Highly unfortunate situation to be in
This is the problem the race track was there before the houses you buy a house  nex to or near  a racetrack  your problem.
Just finished emailing them! Stand up for the racetracks if you want them for our kids!
E-mailed everyone on the list from way up in Traverse City, Michigan. I've been racing motocross for 26 years, and unfortunately this type of thing happens all the time with motocross tracks. I'm currently building a S10 and plan to start drag racing next summer, racing at Bradenton is on my bucket list for sure.
You lose. Commie code rules Americs
we all know how corrupt government is when it comes to estate. Rip the track, yall had a good run.
Man you spoke the truth about what is happening to race tracks nowadays and I wish I lived closer cause I would definitely show up and support you guys good luck and keep up the great content you put out
You have to be shitting me that they think putting houses next to the racetrack and Karen’s are gonna bitch. You can’t eliminate the things that generate money for your county. So stupid.
God I hope y’all win
That’s a hell no brother. We got this cleetus. Come on y’all if you can show up please show up. If ya can’t please send them emails. Everyone counts and we need to fight for this. Remember be respectful like cleetus said.
wanne help from eu belguim.dut wa ar blokt....or smal traks  ar gonne so pll defend it plz
Same situation happened to the Riverside international racetrack in Southern California back in the late 1980s as well because of new homes and businesses. All their was were farmlands and that was it. Riverside Race track was very popular back in the day. I live in Ohio now but I remember it when I was 7 years old.
You got it boss! Emails sent! It's guys like you keeping the tracks alive that help make the streets safer! Good luck!
Good luck Mate, my home town here in Australia had to close down the one and only local race track due to basically the same thing people moving in next door and complain about a track that had been there over 30years. the local council placed time and noise restrictions on so tight that it made the track financially unviable..   I might get some hate here but I dont think you can stop it. I really hope you can dont get me wrong. 4500 houses is a lot of land tax yearly that the state can collect (not to mention any other tax's) and the jobs that 4500 house would provide to the community  and continue to provide for decades to come is unquestionable..
Right, as if your not receiving enough help as it is…. Let me guess, you need more money from us? 😓
Realistically your best option is to find a way to buy off the developer enough land close to the race track to push the houses further away. Because to be realistic they are going to vote for the homes, as the board see tax dollars. Here in California we've lost almost all the tracks and the remaining ones have heavy restrictions, including sound walls that don't work.  Focus on trying to cut a deal with the developer to buy a large chunk of land next to the track. That's your best bet.
Jim brewers twin sister behind cleetus sure made some faces.
email sent from new zealand cleetus
Those folks know EXACTLY what they are doing.  Their goal IS to shut you down, so you have to sell to them and they will tare down the FF..  We are behind you brother!!!
Time to cash out...
I emailed n it says it’s blocked anyone else orrrr whatsupp
This is how Englishtown died in NJ. This is a real issue
These are facts!!!! Happened to Mocatek Speeday here in Hawley Pa.
Cleetus has given us so much over the years. It's time for us to give back. He's going to need out help because land developers are greedy little %$#@ers with a lot of power and county influence. Show up to the meeting(s), send the emails, send your prayers, or do whatever else you can to support Garrett.
This is like a real life version on yellowstone smh 🤦 we need john Dutton, Rip and Beth down here ASAP
Email sent! Hoping to see it work out in your favor!
To make it easier for those that have iPhone - you can screenshot the description and then copy and paste the whole thing into the body of your email. Then copy and paste all of the email addresses to the “send to” part of your email. Change the “INCLUDE YOUR FULL NAME AND ADDRESS” to your info and delete the quotes and parenthesis.   Upvote so this can be seen!
Cleet just buy the 2700 acres. Problem solved lol
Sent 🤞
This doesn’t surprise me at all. They know that’s going to happen if they build these homes. I’m sure it’s what they want too. Then again cleetus got a lot of boys out here lol
Racetrack on the moon, you got the money, let's goo !!!!  😉 The world just get's crazy every day.. We are with you.. From Canada !!!! There has to be limit's..
I used all my Family member's email, gonna grab my friends' phones too
Texas World Speedway was shut down for an almost identical situation a few years back. The track was 6 miles from my house and could be heard every weekend (music to my ears). Homes were built years after it was built and of course the homeowners complained. Years of complaints finally led to the closure of a historic race track. Now it’s being torn down to build thousands of starter houses. I hope y’all can win this fight!
Sent an email with a small massage. Stuff like this is what gets tracks shut down.
Argue the potential for drag racing to change to street racing along with the environmental impacts associated with ending the natural landscape with urban sprawl. Of course in reality, allowing for this conversion in zoning would help facilitate ending noise and air pollution from drag cars which will be the argument from the developers that only care about the Benjamins.
wanted to Blind CC you....but.....
They scream and yell not to race on the streets and that’s why these tracks were built, well what do they think will happen when they close them all
What did Pamona do? I grew up going to San Demus and I'm curious about what they did there that makes it successful? Be well and stay safe out there brother from Dinosaur Colorado USA 🙏👍🤙🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
That was more work I’ve put into my own city’s tow hall meetings . Inspired me to be more active
Email sent. The automotive industry and the culture that surrounds it is one of the great things this country is still holding onto, and we can't afford to lose it. Fight the good fight.
Good luck on this. I’m sure it’s higher ground and not a storm surge issue. Too many tracks being effected by sprawl. Brainerd International Raceway doesn’t even have lights on drag-strip.
Sadly, it happened here in New Jersey with Englishtown Raceway Park! NHRA used to race here along with many big events and all because people who deliberately buys a house near a race track then want to complain and put in for lawsuits… I don’t get people I swear, if I buy a home next to a waste 💩💩 facility. I don’t think I have the right to complain about the smell.! I pray they deny them from building homes anywhere near there!! I will do my part and send emails as well…
This country has turned into nothing but money. It's all anybody cares about. There's no care for the culture of this nation. The racing heritage is just shoved to the side in favor of property tax income. It's so sad.
Get all the you tube boys to post this  Roman Atwood matt demor ranch whistling  diesel
Of course they approved it, their hands were greased...Buy the land up Cleetus tell them to kick rocks
Emails sent from Minnesota!
Crown Point, IN did this and killed our local dirt track. The track existed for decades and was supposed to coexist with residential expansion... and just a few years later the track was closed. Now I believe there is a strip mall where it used to be.
Have you paid off, I mean donated to the correct comissioners like the land developers have?
Wishing you guys all the best. I'm from Canada and although my email will likely be disregarded I'll definitely be contacting the members in charge. I was talking with my wife the other day and realized our family has been watching your channel for over 5 years. We don't just watch for entertainment, we watch because we love seeing you guys build and provide so much to the racing community. You guys recently had your first baby, as a dad that hit me right in the feels. Love seeing a young family succeed. You're killing it Garrett. SAVE THE FREEDOM FACTORY!!
Email sent Brother
Hey, maybe this is something of a stretch, but have you tried hitting up the Governor's office?  Last I'd checked he's on board with all things Americana.  That being said, I will not be surprised if, no matter what you do or try, they go through with it regardless.  This is the latest push; to not only destroy American values but to demoralize.
Email sent. Concerned still though because elected representatives only represent those who pad their pockets with money. IE special interests, in this case the developers of the land. Givem hell boys
Hold up…. Why would you be required to put up a wall on something pre-existing… I believe who ever is developing the homes should have to put up this so called wall
Imagine everyone that viewed this video sent an email (86,415 ATM).... Anyways email sent from Austin TX!
This is bullshit, that track has been there for like 50 years and the fact they can develop land and it effects the racing absolutely irritates my soul to the max
Classic case of "you can only control what happens on land if you own it..." and even then, only maybe. Solution - buy the land in question...perhaps via crowd funding?
Just emailed. We lost our circle track in 2004 and our dragstrip in 2007. Same killer, developers. Praying for you guys!
Whistlin diesel needs to have this on his page and have all his crew and yours should show up and email these folks to show the racing community has a lot more pull because IF it gets to the county commissioners IT WILL GO THRU because all they look at is the tax base and constant income from the 4000 homes and could give 2 shits less about history of a race track. I guarantee the people who is pushing this overflow of housing already has money in the pockets of some of those comissioners pockets or made a deal to better their livelihood in some way. Happens here and many places around the country.....its all about tax money and bragging rights of who can bring it in for political gain in the future
Sent an email from Arizona
That’s some bs man hope u overcome it , tracks are getting closed a lot in the last ten years
I think you need to get 400-500 acres next to the track and zone for a hotel the length of the raceway! 1st 1/4 mile hotel make it a cleeter compound..
Cleet can you post this on one of your socials? I can't copie the text on from my phone
Why don’t you get some more influencers like demo ranch, whistlin diesel, heavy d, and others like them to try and help too
Need to find out who is developing the area… stop those turds then it won’t be developed
Good luck fella!
Anytime they take away something younger people love to do and gives them a outlet… they spend their money on bad things and do bad things. I truly believe your supporters will show up and show the powers that be what’s up. I hope everyone is on their best behavior. Ultimately it’s gonna be about money-the money a housing project and jobs it will create will line the pockets of some folks. Figure out who those folks are and go from there. If it takes a smear campaign should things not go your way, get dirty.
WE NEED 4500 GEAR HEAD RACERS TO BUY OUT ALL THE HOMES AND TURN THE ENTIRE COUNTY INTO A HORSEPOWER HOLY GRAIL
Fight the power of ICC commie codes.
I can’t be there but I have sent emails to all the commissioners
Or... You could start a go fund me. Buy the land.. Put in a dirt track and a track for the jet boats? Maybe a few cabins that would be able to rent.
I just emailed…  I can’t believe this is happening I have driven 5 days… 5 days from ca just to come to the event bro. you put on the best events IN THE USA… this is insane and yes it is the end of the world because they are closing track left and rite…. That one in Texas is closing next year and it pretty much started truck events… these event kept me out of prison and something to strive for as in “finishing mine and customer cars” and a reason to wake up and go to a event and place well says it alone. I hope we can come together and help this in any and every way possible… Garret you have no clue how much you have done for me and my family I appreciate you brother…
done sent an email to al of them we have had many racetracks here in oregon that have been shutdown for exactly these reasons since the 70s
that exact thing happened here in southern Indiana. Chandler motorsports  park. GONE!!!!!
Emails sent. Same thing is happening right by me and I'd hate for it happen to you. Can't let those thriving tracks die!
Im from Argentina. And I dream for one day be able to go there and go to this tracks. Im gonna send it also!
They don’t want people racing on the streets but yet they take away the on legal place to do it on and some wonder why there’s street racing we have nowhere to go
They're morons for real like they moved the track outside of town just for them to move people next to it🤦🏾‍♂️ I bet they're the same people that'll complain about people street racing and say take it to a track after they take the track away🙄 hopefully everything goes to plan and the freedom factory will be around for many years to come💪🏾💯
Brother. I live in wisconsin and have come down to that race track twice now. Just to see u and your crew. And they are going to know about my commitment as well. I bought the food there. I stay in those hotels. I’m sending an email
Greed is a hell of a thing, these people that want this development just see it as another tax source for the local government, and all it will do is give them raises, this track has kept bradneton, and most of floridas racing and motor sports fans happy, and people all across the country, the tracks close, then what, folks are gonna race on the streets, people will be more reckless, cats and dogs will start living together who knows!
People will just start racing illegally the more tracks are shut down. Those streets will be raced on the most.
Come on folks; it’s as easy as copy and paste !    I’ve already sent an email and spent less than 10 minutes, being as thorough and professionally as I can make myself sound.
I'm getting in my car right now from north Carolina on my way bother
... as Churchill said " This is not the end, not even the beginning of the end...it is perhaps the end of the beginning."
I’m from another country and want to sign the petition too.
Up here in orlando at orlando speed World , there’s a neighborhood called Wedgefield down the road and they can hear the race tracks at night. Even a few miles away. That noise wall isn’t going to do ish.
I've sent in my part, and I urge everyone else reading this to do the same!! We need to fight this!!
I feel like this video should be posted on the main channel. We need to save the Freedom Factory
I cant show up but I did send the emails like you asked.
Suggest that an industrial park be a buffer zone. Rather than a 25-ft berm and fence and then houses they could put up shops and factories to make a transition to the residential
can i oppose it if i live in canada
But the track was there first
This is exactly what happened to KCIR in Kansas City. The track had been open and operating since the 1960s, and developers built giant McMansions within a mile radius of the track, and the new, wealthy owners complained about noise. City eventually threatened to condemn the land, and proposed turning it into a park.   Long story short, the track closed and the city discovered that the cost of mitigating leaded fuel contamination in the soil was too high, so it still sits 11 years later. We still don't have a drag strip within the KC Metro; you have to drive to Topeka to drag race legally.
Florida wanting housing and in an energy crunch? Good luck man. If you get offered more than you got in.. I'd walk away with it and find a better place. I am in a cold ass town on an island in a river..and they have gone nuts with housing in my university town in maine.  Never thought I'd see the day. I'll be 50 next month. it seems like a long time...but I am that mullet guy with a black monte SS, and true Dale fan in my youth. I watched it go away. My SBC in my truck with 5 gears gains too much attention.. with a simple one piped muffler. Times are changed bud.
It is sad that people are destroying so many of the great things.  Keep up the fight. I am on your side.  Keep the shiny side up
i hope every single resident who enjoys motorsports gets up to give support. give em hell Cleeter ! keep the race track alive
Complete bullshit, hate to say it though, I think Cleets best chance is to purchase that 2,700 Acres!
First off lose the hat and get a suit so you look proper you’re in court not at the yee yee factory. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Cleeter, get a lawyer ASAP, you need some one who can speak the legaleese they need to hear, id suggest you get some one out to the track and get them to do decibel testing near the track with your loudest cars out there.  you need to go in there with some data to show them how insane it is to try and put homes there.  the track is likely louder than a small airport is and they need to see some numbers showing that. also the big lights are another factor that will shine right over that fence/burm.   get your lawyer involved yesterday, and try to get an injunction to stall the process to get all that testing done. also you should put together an economic impact statement with info like how much you've spent on the track and how much you bring to the county in taxes from the events. its a lot of data to gather but the more you can the stronger your case will be.
Sent them the email.
This is how New Jersey's Englishtown Dragstrip was closed down.  People move in, and complain about the noise.  Seriously, the drag races are loud.  Putting houses that close WILL cause problems for the new home owners, and for the track owners.
This happens with gun ranges as well
F*cking shitty capitalist world!
This man is about to have that court house packed
25ft tall fence would look so ugly.
Good luck brother, unfortunately I'm in the wrong state to help out.
I think your biggest problem is the people putting up with the cheezy burn out contests .
Got it sent brother! Keep up the good work! What a stupid idea this is! They should zone it commercial and allow businesses to move in and capitalize on the crowd draw the track creates- more jobs, more taxes, and more revenue for the state and the county! *From Nampa, Idaho*
Sad it comes down to revenue all the money in taxes for all those homes really sucks
Ride there asses cleetus they have no right. Stupid people trying to make money off of stupid people. Houses are the most profitable they just see money.
My local drag strip dyed for that reason people moved right next to it smh was amazing while it was there, now abandoned
I just went through and emailed them through 3 different email accounts and have friends and family helping. hope it all goes well
I wish people would quit destroying beautiful farm land to turn it into neighborhoods.  It's gross.
Let’s use the power of social media and get the governor to kill the development.
I don't think the argument is that the racetrack is at risk.  I think the argument is that you provide a location for local youth to actively participate in safe ativities with their cars instead of taking to the streets for street racing, drifting, etc.  Putting the racetrack at risk therefore puts that outlet for ensuring public safety at risk.
That's whymany illinois race tracks have died
Save the Freedom Factory !
So, you build a load of houses on a flood plain, and then people complain when they move in and get flooded. Get a grip.
Unfortunately this is all about money. What cleetus pays in property taxes a long with all the smaller business around won't come close to what those homes would produce. Commissioners just care about their $$$$
That map..did I see a natural body of water and a wetland? Guess what..get the EPA and Division of Natural Resources involved. Any ducks or wildlife? Dude..if you want help, get a hold of me. I know my shit as a former government official.
You should get your well known guys to come speak. A lot of people know Ken block get him over. Ask all of the people who race professionally to come speak.
Ohhhhh these crap monkeys knew what they were next to… the track isn’t going anywhere…  Imagine being this irrelevant and being these legal turds… they WILL be known if this goes the wrong way
From Colombia here. First of all, sorry for Montoya's attitude on NASCAR but hey, tough people amirite. (I love the guy tho)  I will gladly send an email hoping my planned vacations for 2 years from now aren't ruined at all. I will literally plan them based on the events held on your racetrack my man. You always inspired me on sloppy mechanics (the only available mechanics for my ultra low budget here)
You need racecars outside of the county commissioners meeting and have them idle/2-step during your time talking. Then ask them again if they think the fence will work to reduce the sound.
Sent that email buddy we must keep racing alive
Same thing in NC man, my local dragstrip has been here since the 50s and people are still moving into the area complaining and the county is regularly restricting dates, times the track can operate.
What you don't understand is... the plan is to destroy the track so they can buy the land and put more homes on it with tesla chargers in every garage
Bye bye freedom factory
Get ready to shut that track down 👎 you can't fight money 💲💰
Bandimere is dealing with the same issue..!!
Up to 4500 unneeded homes that no one can even afford right next to TWO race tracks? How do people come up with this crap?
Email sent.  I highly encourage everyone not in the area to do the same.  Took just a couple seconds to do and registers my opposition as well.  We lost our local track due to very similar circumstances and the area has never been the same.  You can still see the loss of revenue in the area even 10+ years later.  And it was a smaller track instead of a big national event capable track.  Send those emails!
Emails have been sent!
As a union electrician I completely understand how you can pressure a town board or county with sheer numbers. When we want a job to pass we flood the board meeting in support of it.
Emailed every singe one! Hope this gets squashed once they see how much these tracks matter!
As you said classic way tracks of any kind end up getting shut down. Good luck with the fight
Email sent from Kentucky. Good luck!
Sent an email from lil old New Zealand, might not count, but at least they can see it matters to people
Local governments  *always* vote for whatever generates them most real estate taxes collected. If this proceeds it will be the death of both tracks as the new homeowners will complain even if they sign some sort of waiver,  and the county will look at how much  money they get from the homeowners taxes vs wnat gets collected from the racetracks. We all know which way that will go.
This is exatcly what happened to the most popular track in Madrid, Spain. Neighbors complained and eventually there was a speed limit on park of the track to avoid accelerating and making excess noise. I never understood why you would move there knowing the track is there.
Sent my emails! Fingers crossed
Unless they want street racing and street takeovers to be common like in California save your racetracks
Hopefully the neighborhood plan gets shot down. We need to keep this racetrack alive!
Hell no because of people and residents that live in Englishtown, New Jersey that is the reason why they closed the track down and now we don’t have a race track anymore… we will be there to support you 100%… I will be there I’m booking my flight right now to be there… they are not building anything next to the freedom factory let’s save the freedom factory 🇺🇸
same thing happens when people move next to airports and military bases then complain about the noise 🤣 it always starts with sound ordinance hours and it just keeps building from there. it's called progress.
Email sent from Mississippi
That sucks sounds like California to me we had a track at the California speedway Amazon bought the property so they could park trucks on it
Yeah this sucks. We lost both main southern texas drag strips.. Houston and San Antonio..  it’s over a 4 hour drive for me to get to a 1/4 mi track now.  Luckily for now I still have a dirt oval close.
Karen with the short hair looks like a karen
Thunder hill raceway in Kyle tx just had the same thing happen last year. Developers came in built homes very close by and the track had to close. Please don’t let them take away one of my favorite things to watch on the YT
Email sent, I copied you on you cleeter gmail account. I hope the auto motorsports community can flex enough muscle to protect the sprort.
I feel sorry for their inboxes
oh yea cleetur we got u buddy
I’m fighting with you hell yeah brother ….. from OntariOWE Canada 🇨🇦
What I'm wondering is why golf courses don't shut down, considering they have housing ON THE COURSE, and people get their houses damaged every year by golf balls and people purposely teeing balls off at houses. But oh boy, a drag racing track and a racing facility sit there for DECADES away from residential areas, and now since they're using a space close to the FF and Bradenton track, NOW HE has to get rid of his livelihood and MILLIONS of dollars investing in his businesses and content creation? My choice would be "I'm never giving it up even at the end of a gun barrel, but at least I'm nice enough to tell you here as a warning."
Email sent from Colorado, good luck brother.
You are f***** no chance.. The same thing happens here never stood a chance..
Invite Whistlndiesel out he'd have 10k people with him lol
I've solved your problem Brother. NEW bylaw bylaw that clearly states all new residents must be race fans... and or purchase Bose Noice canceling Headphones with microphones in order to live next to Freedom horse torx. Problem solved . Maybe they get free admission to the freedom... have a Whole  neighbors neighborhood of people who love racing and driving to the track.... just a thought from Canada 🇨🇦 Hell yeah Neighbors 😎 😀
If it goes through the last hope is to buy as many houses you can and get your friends to buy and move in. If you can buy say 7 houses right next to your track then that's 7 houses with no complaints. It's only going to be the homes next to the track that complain .
They're probably telling themselves that gasoline powered cars will be banned pretty soon anyways. Psychopaths have taken over our governments.
BOOOOO!!!!!! That is a horrible idea. So messed up how developers and public representatives just dont understand anything about the car/race industry. I support and will be sending those emails.
Sent sir, sorry i cant make it. I am just about to finish my burnout car that you have insiped me to build, and compete with at The Freedom Factory. It has been a goal to make it there to compete. CAN'T let em screw it up for us now.
I have somewhat crazy idea for you that might help: Pull the ZIP Code data from your POS transactions (concessions/FOAT ticket sales) at the track. You can bring it as straight up proof of the amount of out-of-town tourist dollars you bring to your in person events and the reach of the tracks! Also, any civil engineer will tell you the walls they use on highways are USELESS at reducing the noise except for the people directly behind them. Even a 25 footer will only reduce it for the first 400 feet or so on the otherside of it.
Why not put this on the main channel ? 522k subs vs. 3.07M. I will write a letter for sure.
That psycho short haired woman actually smiled and smirked at the council when cleetus brought her up.. she is a disgusting and nasty woman who is likely going to receive a huge payout if it passes. She doesn't care about you or anyone. Totally selfish people.
This is exactly how 75/80 Dragstrip in Monrovia, MD died.
Garrett, I truly feel your pain. I work at my local airport and my family has ties to it so my heart is in it just as much as you do into the racetrack and people are moving near it and complaining about it. The airport and utility commission are the only two entities that make money for my city and it facing problems would make our city crumble.
Man, this is a tough situation Cleetus! If i lived closer you know I'd be there brother, I'll be there in spirit! Fingers crossed for you n the freedom factory!
It’s all about the $$$ the county just sees collecting taxes on 4500 new pieces of property
I live in Canada, would my email opposing this be valid?
oppose email sent
Property Taxes for 4500 homes... That is all they are looking at. They could care less about your track.
Mention the fact that Florida just made very Draconian laws against racing telling people to take it to the track and now they're making it to where there's no tracks
Tell me what you need
Sent
ugh not again, read the comments below from states where maximizing growth is the economy ...sadly it's quantity of life not quality of life
You are a lawyer so stop the urban sprawl
email send to all of them,,,good luck
I live 5 miles from a circle dirt track. On a still summer night , you can clearly hear the 358 modifieds going roundy round for all 100 laps. I absolutely love it, but people within 1 mile bitch and complain every Monday morning after the Saturday night races. Best of luck brother,  fight!!
I will be emailing these people as soon as I'm off work brother
Frig them to the highest level. Florida doesnt need more homes. You were there, if they want to build they better know what they are getting into. Keeep Florida Florida.
ridiculous , I am looking forward to go soon , so messed up !!!!
I’ll be there Thursday bud
The track is grandfathered in all I’m saying put up big sign don’t buy a house here if you don’t like loud race cars
All this urban development is getting out of hand not only in America but in Canada as well. The sheer amount of farmland that is being destroyed is appalling.
Typical planning. They getting kick backs from someone. Don’t ever change what you do. They now damn well people will complain about noise . You have every right to have a number one track
So much money involved there, politicians just see dollar signs!
All the local you tube guys hopefully will show up .. loosing the tracks kills alot of YouTube channels
This is Huge ! Must be stop
such valiant speaker ,we love you an your spirit ... from new zealand we will be by your side
Ay caramba! SMH! Next thing u know u will literally have to come to mexico mexico to be able to race freely.
Avilla speedway closed cuz of people complaining.. so did warsaw speedway in warsaw indiana cuz of the Lake people it's bs I vote save our race tracks
Spoke my peace opposing the application to all the listed emails from here in NW Oregon. We're fighting our own .gov battles against measure 114 hear and while one person's email doesn't make much of a dent, a large community doing so doesn't hurt.
This has got to be frustrating as hell... problem is the developers are greasing palms, and I guarantee the only thing the county is looking at is the money they can make on the development. Taxes, utilities, permits etc...
Sent a friendly yet oppositional email I hope they read it. Good luck brother we got your back.
would it be possible to suggest the landowners build hotels rather than houses? they would be making a shitload of money especially as the track continues to grow. or maybe you could buy some of the property yourself? i have no idea just throwing shit out there. also emails sent.
In my area they built a airport in 1929 and now it's the regional international Airport.  It was five miles from city center on farm land now houses are all around it.  Few years ago they tried to shut it down did not happen but they restricted flights from 11pm to 5am lost alot of freight carriers and other flights  the city enacted so many regulations on businesses that the towns manufacturing is almost gone. Used to be a major industrial area bexdix packard Studebaker dodge am general Oliver tractor singer and many more. Now it's a wasteland nothing but empty buildings.( if you haven't guessed by now south bend in )
Thoughts and prayers for the freedom factory and the drag strip.  You have built a fantastic community and i hope to be there for an event in the very near future.  (Traveling from out of state just for this track)
I'm from Long Island, NY and we lost all of our drag strips/circle tracks because of developers & whining idiots that moved next to a race track! I am actually considering moving near Bradenton because of the racing there! Don't let NY idiots & developers ruin what you have! This is why Long Island is now a miserable place to live! All the yuppies complain about everything!
For what you have done for racing, the least we can all do is send an email.
Email Sent!  To Whom It May Concern:  I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048.  I urge the board of county commissioners to vote this application down.  Agricultural land is being rezoned across the nation to the detriment of future generations.  Additionally, allowing construction of a residential development that will inevitably be in conflict with adjacent facilities is extremely unwise if not prejudicial to the existing facilities.  Sincerely,
To who it may concern. Few of us here in cali have sent multiple emails. We support ya out here Cleeter
I don't know how it is in florida, but up here we have a government department that is in charge of keeping agricultural land zoned for agricultural use, if you have that sort of department  maybe you could see with them if there is some pressure or way to put the brakes on the rezoning
Hammer down. Email on the way.
Damn I wish I could go
Email sent!!
Cleetus your from Nebraska like me and I remember this same exact thing happening to Sunset Speedway.
Get DeSantis involved somehow? He could be on our side.
This is exactly what happens, they close the racetracks and more and more people end up street racing and getting innocent people hurt. What you are providing is a safe and professional place to do what they enjoy doing. I live about 12 miles as the crow flies from my local drag strip and can hear it , it does not bother me cause I enjoy hearing it. This proposed subdivision will definitely hear it with that wall they want to build
Something you might want to ask at the next meeting. Is how many out of country emails did they receive. And of thoes. How many thousands of $. Would they spend locally? When they show up for your race.
I agree they build those homes, they will complain about the noise! Exactly how a race track dies!
I feel like a Yellowstone situation is about to get fired up! Just emailed all of em!!
Bro we all just need to show up at the court
Didn't that entire area flood under 20 feet of water during the recent hurricane?
Go fund me let’s buy it  For dale
Fight the good fight and be prepared for this fight to never end once homes go in. The idiots that move in will try to do to you what they have done to many decades old shooting ranges. Nothing short of protective legislation will can save these places.
Buy all the houses by the track and use them as bnbs when people come to the track
We can do this let’s go
Sent
This is sad!
I’ll help you save the track…but dammit wear a suit when you show up to these committees. Look like a business man…not a YouTuber.
People at the county want the additional tax payers, pure and simple. All they see is possible dollars coming in.
This is legit some yellow stone type shit wtf is wrong with people 🤦🏻‍♂️
I sent my message to them. I hope it helps.
Cant copy out of the video description, for those of us that dont have much time, could you pin a comment with the emails and info?
That’s how LI, NY lost all of its drag strips, I hope y’all can get this squashed before it puts your guys tracks in danger ❤
Take mullet and do a 2-step test outside and ask them if they’d like to live beside that.
I stand with you Cleetus. Just sent my email and with you in thought and prayers.
Can people outside the USA email them?
Just a little info.  My father-in-law lives 12 miles north east of Eldora.... and you can hear the cars that far away.
🎈🎈 Cant you not buy the land ? make it a massive track, bring in millions for them ??????????? ( emailed from England )
Sent email 1st thing this morning brother
Fast forward 3 years:  Cleetus has purchased the land, and built a development where every house has a two story garage with two lifts therefor he KNOWS who is moving in next door 🤣
I don't live in FL, but I emailed them all anyways!
I got you fam. AZ has dealt with this too. Both Speedworld and Wild Horse Pass are both shut down for racing because of this.  P.S.: Email sent brother. Arizona got you.
Proud bois stand down.
Email sent brother! Hope this all works out for you. Cant imagine how scary that would be.
I have a few email accounts and blasting them to help save the freedom factory
We had something similar to this not to long ago. It basically took out our only local drag strip. 90% of the residents voted down the project, but it still went forward due to the "good ole boys" we're talking at the end of a 1/4 mile drag strip in Wyoming that has been here for 40+ years, a uneeded justice center that was in the area of hundreds of millions $$ that was voted down, still made it thru. WIsh you better luck then we have in our small community!!
Send in the bald eagles! Defend that stuff bro!
I'm so sorry to hear. Here in Minnesota we had a simular situation at a local track. I'm not sure if it would help. but you might look into, or get a hold of the people that run Elko Speedway in Elko Minnesota. They have new homes going up around then and have survived the challenges.
Sent one from the UK as well as we have lost so many good tracks here by developers building houses too close to the tracks and then people complaining. Would hate to see it happen to Bradenton and the Freedom Factory as well.
It sounds to me like you're sunk. Trying to win against these big-time developers is impossible. They have what county commissioners covet, 4,500 more taxpayers. You can't offer that. The developers don't even have to sell the county commissioners on anything. They already know they will be getting approximately $30M a year in the deal. It's all about revenue for them. Somehow, you have to figure out a way to appeal to their greed or bribe them in order to win.
I'm sorry  I love drag  racing  but taxes paid on that many houses per year out weigh 100 to 1
Here in my hometown our drag strip almost shut down this year because they built million dollar home right across the street and they aren't happy and keep calling the cops.. they should give someone trying to buy a home right next to a track tickets to make sure that's what they want to live by.
Hear me out, what IF we all bought houses in this neighborhood, and we made a cleetus colony, garages filled with cars being built and like minded people 😏
Emailed from Fayetteville AR man! Yall have truly impacted my life with both laughter and on going genuine content that keeps me coming back! From the first video I was hooked, and now to see lil rip, I cant wait to see what the future has to hold at the freedom factory! Keep us updated on what we can do to help, You have my support 110%! Wish I was a lil closer to make a bigger impact, but praying for yall none the less!
Dang brother you spoke well. All the best.
Buy the property and develop it into a racers condo development in which the condo community pays for the racetrack to exist. Problem solved, and I won't even charge you for the idea 😊😊
Love what you have done for the sport and bringing the track back to life. Sad reality is, they will want the tax dollars from those thousands of homes. They benefit more by pushing you out but it will also increase the value of your land. I wish you the best possible outcome. In real estate there is always a huge risk when buying a property with undeveloped land around it. Hoping it all works out in your favour.
Stay positive my friend
Let freedom ring
Builders gonna Bulid
How about you buy that land
You got my email! Shred on!
Same thing has been happening in Nashville at the Fairgrounds Speedway.   Thing is there has been some form of auto racing there since 1904, its been continuously operating.   It even held Winston Cup races from 1958 to 1984.   Of course the neighborhood around the track is now gentrified with a bunch of people with $$$$ who moved in from out of state.  The owners of Bristol speedway bought the place and are planning to pour a bunch of $$$$ into the facility for much needed improvements.  Of course all the NIMBY assholes are fighting it, raising their pitchforks.  Bunch of ASSHOLES, you moved into a neighborhood with an active racetrack(an old neighborhood that's been around as long as the track at that).   Not only that the place is only used for 6-8 hours on about 16 Saturdays a year.     I emailed your county board, bunch of BULLSHIT if they approve those homes.  As you said it will be a slow death for the Freedom Factory and the dragstrip.
Sent my oppose letter!!!
Typical city planners nowadays, clear out the attractions for more overpriced housing.
You need to put this on the main channel as well
I live close to what used to be KCIR(Kansas City International Raceway)...a small drag-race track that was also often used as a concert venue. It was a rather iconic track.  Well, they started to develop the area around for housing, and of course, those new residents did not like the sound of the track...so it closed.  It was really sad to see it go.
Let’s just all donate to buy the land lol
One thing that helped in my area was the argument that the local track are keeping kids off the street racing illegally. If you can do some digging and pull numbers of convictions for illegal street racing before and after the tracks were operational, it may help in the track defense.
emailed every single tagged email.  this will NOT happen man.  tired of the sport being slaughtered as we build our cars for it.
How the hell are they gonna build homes and yet have morons move in who KNOW they’re next to the race track complain about it..
Garrett, Make sure you mention the 522K YT subscribers that also watch your videos, many because of your track. Good luck. PS - Love your videos. Wilson
How much SWAG (tees) Do you need to sell to just buy the Land? Camp sites.... motel.... Holiday Inn...... Off Road events/track? Rental/Condo/Pit work shops...... Retiree Homes for Gear heads? One of those boat slalom courses?
done !! email sent !
I just sent out the emails. Ever considered Maybe a stretch of commercial land as a barrier between the tracks and the residential area would make all the difference like strip malls and large warehouses would provide a functional barrier. I would at least try to pitch them the idea anyways good luck please keep the updates coming if I had more time I would definitely show up in person.
I sincerely wish that Freedom Factory and Bradenton Motorsports Park remains as a venue. Even though I live 13hrs of flight away I oppose. Mail is being typed up right after this. 🫡👍
i was going too universal but now i will see you there!
There's definitely some endangered pink spotted armadillos in that area! The proposed plan will destroy there habitat!
I sent an email and got back the below response. I'm not available this Thursday,  but i will be at the hearing in February.   Thank you for writing to share your thoughts.  Please accept this email as acknowledgement that your message was received by the Board of County Commissioners and will be forwarded to Development Service and the County Attorney’s Office for review.     The Plan Amendment, PA-21-09, Ordinance-23-11 / PLN 2111-0048 will go before the Board of County Commissioners on December 15, 2022 at 9:00 a.m. or thereafter, for transmittal, and again on February 2, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. or thereafter for adoption, and you are welcome to attend to offer your comments and opinions, in addition to your written correspondence.      When this matter comes back before the Board of County Commissioners (PDR 21-27 (Z)(G), PLN 2111-0047)  it will be as a quasi-judicial matter, Commissioners must refrain from discussing the project outside the public hearing setting and must refrain from otherwise prejudging the project.  Therefore; if you wish for your comments and opinions to be considered by the Board at that time, you will need to appear at the hearing in person to provide sworn testimony on February 2, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. or thereafter.          Jorge Arana I Commissioner Aide I
4,500 cleetus fans move in lol hate city shit
Emails sent to all individuals listed. This can’t happen. One day I will make it to the freedom factory. It needs to be protected
Emailed them buddy I love you
Email sent !
Love your content. Send in emails to all 7. Best of luck.
They need to give YOU a buffer.
As we know they will push this development anyway, at least propose a sound study to identify the are that WILL have intolerable residential noise conditions, and have it excluded from the rezoning. I recognize this will only delay the encroachment - ion conjunction with the push to ban the ICE. Something tells me that at least having it explicitly shown why this would be misguided may carry more heft (even though you would think all the Race Complex's contributions to the tax base should count for something.)
Email sent.
There trying to strip mine hazard county , everyone to the courthouse !!!
Email sent from Georgia. Although I haven’t had the opportunity to make it out to an event at the freedom factory I absolutely love watching along. I have been a fan for many years and I still get excited to see the progress y’all make on the cars and on the property. I hope to be able to make it out to an event in the near future and will do what I can to prevent this from ruining the achievements we have all watched you work so hard for. Much love!
They did almost the exact same thing in Calgary / Alberta / Canada to the RACE CITY drag-strip and road course...
would this be virtually accepted? much like 95% of business is done today?!
Is a name and adress feom Europe gonna help? Or do they think i dont have a clue what im doing cuz of that?
Cleeter. Please just send us an email pre written we can forward. My phone doesn’t allow me to copy paste. This is happening around the country with urban sprawl shutting down Off road vehicle sites. Pizmo ca is currently on the chopping block. Please put something simple on your regular YouTube channel we can send out. Hell ya brother.
Good luck brother. Altomont speedway, a historic track in California closed years ago because some people built new houses nearby and didn't like the noise.
Wrote a long letter. Thank you brother for fighting for this!
Shipped. Thoughtless developments like this is what ruined the town I grew up in. Hope it gets shot down.
I can't get off work, but I sent an email. I pray our pleas are heard!!
You don’t like it cleet? Switch to hybrid and electric car racing lmao lol jak fuck that shit let freedom factory stay put
It's hard man. As an owner of Perris Auto Speedway here in Southern California (a 1/2 mile clay oval) I can see how this is most likely going to go for you, and it's not good.   Our track had zero housing right next to our track when we built it the 1990's, but now has multiple housing tracks really close by. You'll have to with with the city/county on the noise allotments. Wishing you the best of luck moving forward.
Emailed some freedom!!
GOVERNMENT BULL....
Email Sent! Im graduating as an ME in a few days lol and going to GM. this channel has been a huge inspiration to me and lead me to become who I am lol (4 years of vids on a 22 year life lol), bought a C5 and started tracking it too. Im not sure my passion for motorsports would be what they are now you and your content weren't here... -Bradenton current population: 55,905. Current likes on this video 27k.... I am really hoping they get more emails than there is residents 🤣
Get the Governor in touch with this Garrett. 1. They want to expand understand, but 51 years really? 2. Yes there is a reason why tracks die people expand I understand thus why they are made far from residential. 3. So many Tracks have gone away in AZ it's crazy, don't race on street's and take it to the track....well take away the track were do people enjoy driving a car for what it's worth to them or other's. They want owners to be safe and responsible and we try by what you request. 4. Then take it away because we are trying to be respectful of your request ?????? I"M CONFUSSED LITTERALY MY BRAIN HURT'S right now. FIGHT LIKE NO TOMORROW PLEASE!!!!!
Similar thing in my county. They built a ton of houses near a regional airport and now they want to fight growth at the airport. Even though the airport was there when they built.
This sucks!!!  This is exactly what they did to  Englishtown NJ track.
I'm from Scotland and was at the first cleetus and cars .. I will sign the oppose form and email.  But don't know if it will count because I'm from a different country.
Some of the recipients are blocking emails now.... just a heads up.
Air ports, race tracks, etc are always the 1st to be kicked out becasue of the *noise*.  I live near Evergreen Raceways, I KNOW when NHRA is in town.  People near it actually move there now because they are car people.  they know what they are in for and in to.  SAVE THE RACE TRACKS!!
Good luck from Nova Scotia brother, god bless.
Florida is getting way too over populated imo
Yo Cleetus  I’m here all the way to help sent a email. Thanks for sharing this and hope we can all come together and get this plan changed
It’s always something man
Sent and done, you have my support.
This is the Exact reason we don’t have a Drag Strip in SLC Utah anymore.
Email sent brother
You and Chet buy the 2700!
Show up in toast and maybe they'll appreciate how loud it is.
dun ... having seen all my local tracks be killed by this kind of thing it hits home .
reach out to Governor DeSantis on this.  I bet he will see it your way and put a stop to it.
This racetracks have been there fro far before this developmemt,, you cannot overcome things that exist for some developers Who just want to make $$ money of it.
Take Mullet to the court house and just start it outside and say can you hear me over this car ,  that is a drag car . LOL :)   hope all works out for you .    We had a golf driving range outside of town . been there for like 30 years .   a new subdivision went in beside it .  The driving range was told to put up higher nets so balls wouldn't go into the new homes .   I guy complained about the driving range ,   The people that had been there for over 30 years , ended up being ordered to move the driving range  further away from the subdivision .   After they moved the range , they guy that owned the home sold his house and moved anyways .
Don't you love our FREE COUNTRY
There’s gonna be so many people there
Man this is happening all over the place they want to put 165 homes on 40 acres behind my house! Fl is urban sprawl to the max
Canadian here but I’ve reached out to my Florida snowbird clients and forwarded them this info!! Keep us posted
This happened to Old Dominion Speedway about 15 minutes from me in manassas Virginia not long ago. It was the oldest dragstrip on the east coast. I hate seeing this I really hope we can get enough opposition that they realize how important the track is. Not long after the local track closed down street racing and the beginnings of takeover meets started. It's not good when you lose your place to race.
I lived two miles from TMS. I could hear every event.  Not that it bothered me one bit, loved the sound. No way in heck a berm is gonna abate the sound.
Post this on the main to get more people to come on Thursday
San Antonio Raceway just got sold to Amazon :(
Emailed them! Fight the good fight brother. Thanks for everything you do. Truly meant to be where you are
Zoning is a dirty business,contractors "donate" to towns to get their agenda through, these donations never seem to go to victims of city expansion,but the chairman some how is able to afford a BMW as a teacher.
Need to put this on the main channel. I barely saw this.
My local dragstrip closed down because of this very thing. People buy houses next to racetracks, then complain. I can't stand it.
From Seattle,WA.  email sent.
It’s not just here the prob is everywhere in the USA right now
Absolutely 1000% a classic case of how a drag strip dies. Email sent!
"I live in _________ and watch many of the events held at the motorsports park and racetrack in Bradenton on the Internet. I hope to someday be able to visit.  That means I will need a place to stay, eat and take in the local attractions in between events.  I want to spend my money in your county. Signed, Future Visitor to Bradenton Motorsports Park and the Freedom Factory"  Don't forget to start off with the opposition statement and include your name and address!
Emailing them all now 👍
People slam that places and blast their emails
Email sent
Serious here; you need a slush fund, lawyer to spend it, private investigator to get to know your politicians and a GoFundMe to fund it.  There is obscene money in development and it benefits politicians.  Politicians only care about money and power. You need to play that game and become a direct influence on their political futures and cash flow.
Stay home JH 😂
Internet, you heard ya boy....lets get it!
Email sent! Out here in Vegas doin it for Dale!! Best of luck brotha!!
Can anyone Emai?  Like us Canadians?  FF content is amazing!
Sent an email!
Garrett - this comes down to tax dollars. Hard facts - if the tax base generated by that many homes exceeds the value of tourism revenue, you are in deep trouble. I hope you are able to make the case that the value of continuing to make Bradenton a destination and the revenue from that is preferable to the revenue from a large new residential base.
Big fan here brother I live and race in Colorado near Bandimere speedway we have a similar thing happening here. Not be fooled folks, we have a curfew and other restrictions with the housings development across the highway. Good luck to you and your team.
Email sent brother. Supporting from Maryland
Deadly on the mic man. Amen. 🙃
Hey put this message in your main channel and have all the YouTuber friends share on there channel  im shore there more willing to help
PUT FORWARD AN OFFER TO THE BUYERS TO PURCHASE SOME OF THE ADJACENT LAND AND THEN AUCTION IT OFF TO SUBSCRIBERS (or anyone).
End of the day, people are going to find a place to race. Street racing activity rises, police then focus more on shutting that down, accidents increase, violence etc. People need a place to vent the bullshit of today's ridiculous world... the state of our mental health is severely overlooked these days - we'll pay for it!
WE NEED ANDREW TATE THE TOP G TO BUY THE LAND AND SAVE CLEETUS LMAO
Sad part is they see more money in development.  More people moving into the area means more tax money and then other businesses can make more money because of the population increase which means even more tax money for the county.   The city of Lakeland  has gone nuts with development and the houses they are building are crap.  It's crazy how many people have moved to Florida the last couple of years.
Hey everyone I hope you can help by turning up with cleeter and the crew
Emails sent brother great luck this is terrible
Race only community 😎
Developers suck. Nothing but parasites.
Sent
The fact that you can bust your ass running the FF and everything else you and your crew do, having this hanging over your head has to make things 10x harder. We all are very grateful for all the smoke, noise and laughs. Developers don't see family farms, horse ranches, race tracks, small airports or old-growth forests. All they see is rows of McMansions and dollar signs. Once the last roll of sod is set on the crappiest backfill they can find and a bunch of baby trees are stuck in the ground to die of neglect, they're gone. Best of luck Brother!
My family and I come to Bradenton area couple times a year to visit the great FREE state of Florida    Cleetus and the Freedom factory are the reason we spend our vacation dollars in this area and in this state
Compared to 4000 new homes on the tax roll, you’ve got no chance. The county’s compromise of putting up a fence is as far as they will go. The developer has bought the board either with cash or the promise of steady tax revenue. 2 tracks can’t generate the same revenue.  Maybe turn both tracks into 100% electric?
Email sent from Australia :)
One of the most famous dragstrips in the country, Raceway Park in Englishtown, NJ was shut down EXACTLY THIS WAY.
Emails sent to everyone. I throughly enjoy everything Garrett has done for motorsports. The Freedom Factory has brought back what made NASCAR cool in the first place and all his content is such a joy to watch!
just go buy that land!! then donate it to a farmer ...big tax right off...lmao
Email sent brother!
I love racing grew up at tracks that have been shit down, Bradenton is an amazing track but the sad part is the county has already made up their minds or have had their palms greased to lean in the right direction which is their direction.  The best of luck to y’all I love coming to events in Florida.
Can we help if we are from overseas?
I like how they secretly set up this whole thing without you knowing it so they can just shut you down and make you lose all the money you put into it
Email sent from Texas! Best of luck
Email sent. Keep us informed on what's happening. Do it for Cleetus!!!
I’m going to fire off an email for y’all.  Never been able to attend but as a subscriber to these 2 channels; I feel obligated to have your backs.
Sorry but its about money bro.  100000 people could show up and they are still going to approve it.  The tax revenue from those homes is what they are seeing.  They dont care about anything but money.
Well luke fink is in America try talking to him about it as his just gone through the same at his drift park in Australia with the noise
That’s one of the biggest killers of Houston raceway park. Neighborhoods move in, tracks go down
Just wrote a program that takes every address from a 20 mile radius of Chicago and sends an email to all of them with uniquely generated emails, it’s currently on 240,000 something
We had a race track that got shot down by the county commissioner here in polk county. The last thing we need is for the freedom factory and bmp to get shut down. Why they choose to try and build housing developments next to race tracks is beyond me.
Being close to a racetrack is a bonus to me
Should try and find some endangered plants in that agricultural field. So they can't develop  it
They forget that you went to law school 🤣
I live in Australia and i oppose 😂
WWG1WGA
Nothing is going to stop this and cleet knows it.
Garrett it is important that you use actual or at least approximate estimations of the amount of visitors, racers, potential hotel rooms, revenue.  You can find the value of a single tourist on Florida department of tourism.  You have the emotional ask but I think you need to add the financial burden of a potential closure, the amount of diminishing green space, the fact the surrounding infrastructure cannot handle 4000 homes and families and ask for an alternative option to be submitted by the prospective developers.  Also, I would research and find specific examples of race track closures throughout the country in the past 30 years due to development.  Name each track and it’s owner or date one by one.  The one argument I think you also missing that makes it easy for a board to approve is the amount of revenue a new house build brings for the city.  In other FL counties new development fees can normally be between 30-50k per unit, plus annual property taxes.  This is a 💰 play.   I’m routing for you!! I’ll be in attendance.
All good to go email was sent I hope it helps I’ve been dying to go see you guys race
man i really hope it doesn't go thru but the chances are so small because cities just want taxes from homeowners -.-
Track was there first. Houses were not.
They shut down my home away from home in Palm Beach international raceway.  Your neighbor.  Now I have to treck 3 hours to Orlando.  Please let us know what we can do from the palm beaches to help
I oppose baybe! just sent that gosh darn email. Let them bald eagles FREE! 🦅 Florida fam for the win, we got this! 🚀
I’ve lived less than two miles from the Atlanta Dragway my entire life. Trust me when I tell you, the urban sprawl is a real issue. ATL dragway wasn’t even in Atlanta. It was over 50 miles north in my hometown that has always been rural. The city is now unrecognizable compared to what it was 30 years ago. The track that us locals loved so much is now gone and the land is being fully developed into apartments. It absolutely breaks my heart.   Save as many racetracks as you can before it is too late
save the freedom
Great speech in the court room mate sending love and support from Australia
Not to be a downer but being a part of meetings like this. It doesn't matter how much common sense we can explain in these meetings. They will push their agendas through no matter what damage it does to the existing neighbors. Developers are buddies with a lot of them and they just want the money.
having some custom designed sound absorbsion walls might still be a good idea to future proof,  lets send those emails guys! dont procrastinate!
They only care that they’re making money on these homes for themselves, besides you making money for the whole GD state
Done. Sent an email to each one of them from Arizona. Hope it helps. Keep up the good fight
What about the angle of finding a historian to declare a historic site on the land. I've seen it done numerous times in nh. It would instantly, without question stop a project dead in its tracks.
Email sent
Didn’t hear it from me but go over and bury a lot of Native American artifacts on the land.
Cleat why isn’t this on the main channel
you should have taken a few of cars to that meeting and do a few two steps in the parking lot during the meeting. so they could hear the depth of noise these engines can make.
Wish I could help unfortunately I'm a kiwi I live in New zealand wish you the best of luck
Email sent from CANADA!!
Another set of proper emails put in from South MS. You guys reach out to hundreds of thousands of people who have seen you bust ass to get here.
Can`´`i do somthing from Danmark
Surely if they really want to do something like that and are moving forward they split the property 50 - 50 one side houses and the track side commercial property. Win win?
Bother you are Amazing!! I am in California but I will send as many emails as possible!! My first thought is to reach out to Governor DeSantis, you are 100% Florida man and 100% the very best representation of America and Freedom and I feel that aligns with DeSantis' Values!! Just a thought, we will be Praying for you guys!!
I am coming see you there
Sell that bitch for millions build a new one. Fuu em... hell yeah brother freedom
This is really sad, but as was stated this will be the classic death of racing in the area. Unfortunately the big money being flashed in front of the politicians will override common sense and any respect for businesses and residents who already live thrive there.  The people who buy there will almost certainly be retirees, and the development likely an HOA. Both with nothing better to do in life than to complain and make life miserable for everyone. I've seen this too many times. Not long ago in my part of the country we lost our only remaining local circle track to the same kind of urban sprawl. Over 50 years of racing history gone, now a parking lot for a huge mall surrounded by cheap homes and apartments.  The other aspect is the recent movement against all sorts of motorsports in general. Everything from home brewed hot rods to full on racing have been subjected to government restrictions and even bans on working on your own vehicles.   So if all else fails, take them to court. Or better yet, find some funding sources and buy up that land near the race tracks and set it up as a preserve that it can never be built on.
Emails are sent, hope it helps.  I would be very sad to have the freedom factory shut down in the coming years.
Emails have been sent.
Emails sent brother. I live near the Charlotte Motor Speedway and Bruton Smith experienced something similar in the early 20-teens regarding new neighborhoods surrounding his tracks. He ultimately won by threatening to demolish the tracks and move elsewhere. A bold threat which paid off, mainly because he's a multi-Billionaire and could afford to go through with it, and that the county feared losing millions of dollars of revenue if he went through with it. I hope the best for you guys. Love your content and really hope that I can come down for some events once my 2 sons (2 & 4 years old) are a little older.
Idk how feasible it would be but, could you take that 2,700 acres, ask how much these developers are offering the land owner, and counter with your own offer. Obviously the entire Cleetus fan base would need to chip in (after figuring out how much each person must donate at a minimum) to purchase the land and continue to use it as farm land and lease it to local farmers. (Or maybe even make a dirt track you can host events on) I am going to send an email but there is more I want to do to keep the tradition of racing alive in this country and I feel more people want to help in more ways than just sending and email.
I'm sending in my emails now. I would totally be there but thats an expensive trip from cali
Opposing this is going to be hard the way of society is progression , what your going to need to do is offer them an alternative use for the land other than suburbs with residents that will make noise complaints ..... try to get them to rezone it from agri to commercial anything but residential  they are only looking at the $$ they can make by developing the land they do not care about the Track or the future home owners , if you can get them to rezone it for commercial use they could potentialy make more $$ than from developing housing and you wont have to deal with the nois complaints
I used to own a house a few miles from a small dirt track in SE PA (Grandview Speedway) While I am the type to enjoy the scream of some V8's on a summer's eve, I was not aware when buying that the noise was going to be so loud (could hear indoors during races) and there is NO way a silly wall would have mitigated the sound. Plenty of other areas to develop into cookie-cutter housing without destroying local culture.
We need to get  whistlindiesel involved.
That’s sooo Florida. I’m a manatee county guy, Florida native, and because of this kinda crap, I had to leave the state.  I wish I could be there.  Watched it happen in Pinellas county.
I’m sending that email right now.
My emails are sent! Without safe legal racing sadly a lot of people take it to the streets putting the general publics lives at risk
"To whom it may concern,  Thank you for allowing comments on this matter.  As a patron of the Bradenton Motorsports Park in Manatee County, I feel it is imperative to reach out regarding upcoming changes to the area.    Motorsports are an integral part of American and Floridian culture and are under siege in many states.  Many times, the sport is threatened without malicious intent, and those who may doom the sport may not know they are doing so.  That is the case today.  This type of development change has historically impacted motorsports and caused the closure of facilities simply because of unexpected noise.  While not wishing to offend, race cars do produce more noise than normal cars.  This is why race tracks like those at Bradenton Motorsports Park are built with buffer zones such as agricultural areas between them and residential areas.  It was a deliberate choice to build the tracks where they are to avoid any disturbance to the residents in Manatee County while also providing cultural enrichment to the area as well as a large economic draw to the area.    By allowing residential construction so close to the race tracks, the community is inviting complaints for noise which will strangle the operation of the race tracks.  We have seen this happen many times across the country, just recently in Atlanta this very thing happened.  The complaints in turn lead to noise regulations that cripple the tracks ability to conduct races, and without the ability to host races or events the track closes and another part of American history and culture dies, to say nothing of the economic loss of fans and competitors from across the country coming to participate in this wonderful pastime.  As a resident of Minnesota, my household has visited and patronized the tracks in Manatee County despite the distance, as have hundreds of thousands of fans across the country.  Your county has a very unique and vibrant culture that we as Americans would be poorer for losing.    It is for this reason that I feel compelled to reach out and urge you to oppose the upcoming map changes in order to protect this amazing resource you have and ensure it can remain for generations to come.  Respectfully,"
Done emails sent and delivered. Good luck Garrett I know you'll be fighting this hard, I hope you are in contact with other youtubers like HeavyD, Whislin Diesel, Tim Gentry, etc I'm sure they would be willing to post this on their channels as well. Good luck on the fight!!
I would fight loud and hard. Laguna Seca and Sears Point are 2 of my local tracks and they have to fight this kind of stuff all the time. Sucks because it hurts the locals. Most homes around Laguna are vacation homes. These people moved next to a race track and then complain about the noise. In return hurts venues. Which hurts locals. People who visit a few times a year now have majorly impacted people that live there full time. It's crazy!. I would push hard!
Emails sent.  Hope things go our way.  This could turn out really bad.
This also happens to a lot of small Ga airports. People complain after moving next to an airstrip and it gets shut down.
You need some lobbyists in the ear of representatives on your behalf
Emailed them all.
Email sent. This is very important
This is exactly how KCIR died. 😢
Email sent! After you win this thing, look em all in the eye and say YOU’RE DONE
You need to try to apply to make that land agriculture national forest reserve
NIMBY  or Not In My Back Yard. You are right. New builds, old business gets snuffed!
those people have more monet then you.. and u well not win  .. good bye freedom
Sent. Hoping for the best!
Email sent to every member
Buck them cleeter get everyone on board buy that 2700 acres get whislen diesel in there as a lawyer and get your land back CALL EVERYONE
Exact Same thing that happened to my local dirt track except it got shut down and leveled
Been a track all this time and to have someone trying to put you out so they can make a few bucks is disgusting. It happened to our local track.huntsville dragway.a noise ordinance was ordered because of new housing complaints. Owner said he lost 40% of his customers and is closing it because he doesn't make enough to justify keeping it open.someone else bought it and it's still going but we will see how long that last.
Sent e-mails good luck brother
Anyone, being disrespectful is what the "bad guys, want!! Be polite and stand tall!!  sucks that ill be back to florida in a week so cannot support in person.  I do have a florida address, ill see if i cant do this.
If you want to see how this plays out, then follow the money. If the Planning Commissioners are appointed by elected County officials, check to see who funds those elected officials campaigns. Chances are the developer is a heavy contributor to those elected officials. Just sayin.
We have a dirt track in Rapid City & the people that live right behind the track sit on their trailer roofs or built porches on top of their trailers to see over the wall/fence to watch the dirt cars race every summer. 50 to 60 years ago the dirt track was outside of the city limits & now it's not. I live about 15 miles from the track & on a calm night you can hear the cars races.
Yo Cletus, all these emails that I sent for you a couple of them are popping back the one for Amanda. Ballard popped back and said it had a 512 error and also Kevin vanostenbridge was pop back.
I'm 100 percent down with what your doing but not tec friendly it you could make it a little easier I will totally have your back
Those commissioners get money from developers for their campaigns.
buy the land
THIS IS HOW PBIR ALSO DIE ( PALM BEACH INTERNATIONAL RACEWAY) .. NOONE OBJECTED AND NOW IS LITERALLY ALMOST UP FOR GRABS TO BE TURN INTO A COMERCIAL BUILDINGS AREA ….
Emails complete
I know how you feel. my local dirt track grand view speedway might be going under
If it wasn't for you and the freedom factory and your videos I don't think I'd be alive today, you guys have helped me get through some of the hardest times in my life, for this me and my kids want to thank you, for giving me a want to live,  Save the freedom factory
I am glad to see and hear you speak so clearly about how this is going to impact what so many have built and spent so much of there life doing. I hope it works out.
Good luck brother.  Fight fight fight for your track
Emails sent brother I can only hope it helps from NC. If I could make it to Florida on Thursday I would.
Gonna try and make it out what you’ve done with that old track and Revived it has been amazing
If peoples gonna bitch about it well the race track was there first so don’t move in if it hurts your little ears
I am for the subdivision. I think it would be awesome to live next to the track!
In general I believe landowners have a right to develop their land and maximize it's value. That said houses that close to a racetrack is a bad idea. From a sound perspective and probably more importantly from an air quality perspective. If I was the commission I would push for further set backs to keep the homes little further away
Email sent out! Lets get this so we can all enjoy plenty more cleetus events for years to come and many more events at bradenton!
Email sent from Phoenix Arizona. I will one day for sure be out there and walking around both of the tracks. just need to wait until the correct time
Sorry Cleetus but you can't match the level of "kickbacks" that the developer will be paying.
You can't give ground, this is how they kill the sport....
Has anyone talk to the governor about this.
This happened near me. We lived rurally near a dirt oval and urban sprawl soon swallowed us up. The county said they would build sound abatements, and they didn't even do that. The first neighborhood got built in '04. The racetrack closed barely a year later because of noise complaints. Now twenty years later the area is unrecognizable. It's also not peaceful anymore. Crime is a daily issue on the news for my area, with a revolving door of mayor's and police chiefs unable to do anything about it. It's never quiet anymore, there's constantly city-noise and for someone who grew up in the country it's deafening. How I miss the old country with the two or three nights a week of racing. It was a far sight better than what we have now. I doubt Garrett will read this, but man if you do - and this measure passes, trust me on this, just pack up and start over somewhere else. Trust me.
We need WD to promote this on his social media
I can hear my local race track from over 9 miles away over mountains and valleys luckily I love to hear it did what I could sent everyone an email I hope it helps we can’t lose the race track
They Scream out in pain as they lash at you.
Someone wants your success! Homes raise more tax per square mile than a race track. It's political! Immanent domain.
I sent my email bud I hope it helps. For those interested in what I said... I REDACTED who resides at REDACTED Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048 I oppose this because of the effect this would have on the local community, specifically the near by racetracks. I do not believe the sound abatement plan will not work with such high decibel and low frequency noise as is produced by race cars. The tracks there have served their community greatly in the past 50 years but perhaps more now than ever. As these racetracks are bringing an international audience and tourism to the area. Please do not pass this matter  Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048 as it has extremely detrimental local impact.
I'll be shocked if they don't get a massive crowd for this lol people underestimate the power of YouTube
Get the police onboard without the track we have nowhere but the streets to race
There’s money in real estate
E mails sent GL!!!
Oh no.  This is shit.
You Americans need to do what you do best, standing up for your fellow American. I’m your neighbour to the north but I love the freedom factory and the channel. Get your asses there and oppose this. 🇺🇸🇨🇦
Hope we make a difference
You are going to need a lawyer
One email to all or 1 to each?
I just sent my respectful email - Hudson Wisconsin!
My concern is how much money is the developer promising the commissioners, this had happened i my area multiple times(just lost a track after 75 years) where we all show up and the council/commission just ignores us and votes in favor of the developer cause they offered sweetheart deals to get what they want
Can we ask how in Volusia County the Daytona track remains despite being surrounded by businesses and hotels?  I’m just curious how the tracks that remain despite encroachment by cities still function?  Even if this motion gets denied, this land and the desire of developers to put homes on it won’t end with this one hearing.    They’re relentless, and VERY politically connected.    As a Manatee resident, living close enough to see the lights and hear the sounds of both track from my yard, this whole situation makes my stomach hurt.   I’ve spent three decades of my life visiting both tracks. Let’s hope this gets MAJOR support.    🙏
I'm an elected offical in NJ, I will be telling my friends from County, State Senate and to US Congress to reach out. The environmental impact would be detrimental among many other things.
There was a drag strip in nicholasville Kentucky near Lexington.  Eventually several homes were built and they complained about the noise until it was shut down.  It’s been gone 30 years or more now.
7 Emails sent!  I can't be there but good luck!
half of that law degree coming cluth at the moment. Hope all works out. I know of 2 tracks local to me that have shut down due to houses being built by them.
I know you won't go down without a fight Cleet, but keep fighting. If I wasn't on the other side of the US I'd be there, we lost our hometown NHRA track (also our only 1/4 mile strip) due to the same reason. It's not like the track is hidden, they know what they are getting into when purchasing the homes.. It's stupid.
Have Tye begin Tigging up KillDonny immediately.
Dear Cletus I sent all those emails with what you said to say word for word and Kevin vanostenbridge and Mike rahn got kicked back as blocked thought I would let you know just in case I truly hope this all works out for you brother you're doing a lot of good or this United States I would hate to see them money grabbing investment companies take you out like that if you need anything else let me know and I will do my best God bless you and your family.
I hate to say it but the city is more intrested in property tax dollars than the track. Sad but true...
Sent some support from NH!
your gona lose .. all that money .. poof gone
Find a solid contact that works with the county and remind them about how much good the freedom factory does for the community. Trying to cram more people in at the expense of a major attraction seems like a step backwards in building a better life for the existing residents - the OG's!!
It's stuff like this that causes people to armor bulldozers.
They did the same thing to Lions Drag Strip years ago. It was built in the middle of a bunch of oil  refinereys, deep pockets bought the property close by and built homes the people living in them bitched until the city took away there permits. Fight for it!! LETS GO!!!!
When I don't understand it they don't want us to shut down highways to what we can do illegal races. Yes this is wrong just shut down the highway so we can have it a illegal race. So why take away the racetrack from us you want us to put it do it somewhere safe. Leave the race track alone. Without race tracks you have more City racing raising illegal racing cars and city streets. If you would us have a drag strip something we can go and do this stuff safely and have a race blow off steam spin our tires like we all did when we were younger. Look at all the income tax the racetrack brings in for the state of Florida. And the local Revenue for people staying out of state. If you kill this race track you'll be losing revenue for the country.
Have them watch Bristol...the whole state could hear that event 😂
Sending them the emails asap! What you’ve done for the racing community is HUGE and it would be devastating for you to loose your track! Have watched you pour your heart and soul into that track! Your a huge movement in motor sports and we will do whatever it takes to stop this!
Just buy it!
Email Sent Garrett!
Hey all, Email sent from Canada!  The way I see it is if we watch an event on Cleetus's Pay per view, we're contributing to the revenue stream of the FF.  That revenue is reinvested into the facility using local businesses and suppliers.  The global financial support and all of us that invest in the programing should be recognized as a voice regardless if we are local or 2000+ miles away.  Good luck Cleetus.  Much respect.
Sent an email yesterday. The email reply I received today  seemed to indicate that, if I wanted my words heard, I had to present myself in person.  "Thank you for writing to share your thoughts.  Please accept this email as acknowledgement that your message was received by the Board of County Commissioners and will be forwarded to Development Service and the County Attorney’s Office for review.   The Plan Amendment, PA-21-09, Ordinance-23-11 / PLN 2111-0048 will go before the Board of County Commissioners on December 15, 2022 at 9:00 a.m. or thereafter, for transmittal, and again on February 2, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. or thereafter for adoption, and you are welcome to attend to offer your comments and opinions, in addition to your written correspondence.    When this matter comes back before the Board of County Commissioners (PDR 21-27 (Z)(G), PLN 2111-0047)  it will be as a quasi-judicial matter, Commissioners must refrain from discussing the project outside the public hearing setting and must refrain from otherwise prejudging the project.  Therefore; if you wish for your comments and opinions to be considered by the Board at that time, you will need to appear at the hearing in person to provide sworn testimony on February 2, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. or thereafter.
Make it so we can copy an paste  . Please
Reminds me of the dirtbike track I grew up riding at that got closed down recently due to new homes built across the street. Hope you the best brother!
They’re looking at tax dollars. You’ll never stop them. How ever a safe haven around the tracks where 0 noise restrictions can be put in place.   You’re best course of action is some kind of sound easement and or county amendment that they can’t infringe on the track.
They don't care how many people show up. There's only a few places in the country that new housing is still being developed and Florida is one of them. They are going to buy in on this project or get kickbacks and make way to much money off it getting approved. They do not care about the people moving into the homes or your race track. The best way to attack them is through a conservation assay on the land. Just delay them until the housing market cools.
I got you on this one brother! Anything I can to to fight the fight I’m there.   Edit: I don’t want 4000 more houses next to me either.
Good luck bro,the "people that decide" this sort of thing are looking at millions in property tax revenue and possibly "incentives"(campaign donations and such) from the developers. It's going to be tough, every bit of agriculture land should be preserved as such these days, they've developed and ruined enough! No farms=no food. Same thing happened in our area. (MD)
Wait a minute this is Tuesday and it's on Thursday why'd you wait so long is the real question
Always the people who move near a racetrack and complain
ahh there thay go trying to stop people from haven fun
You need a great lawyer immediately and lots of PRAYER  🙏 If they shut you down, start up a gun range.  Friend of mine lives out in the county and the gun range by him drives everyone crazy for miles and miles.  And I like guns,  lol
Sent!
You need to be involved with every election local to state and federal. It starts with town meetings and voting locally. 7:44 7:46 7:48
Happened in Melbourne Australia with Calder Park. A multi-purpose track similar to yours. With combined drag strip and circuit racing track, and next to that what was at the time the first nascar approved oval track outside the United States. Used to host the drag nationals, hosted a nascar race in the 80's, also our local touring car championship had a round there. It's still there but in very limited use. For exactly the same reason people built houses there then complained about the noise of racing even tho the track pre dated development and was originally built out of the urban area
Cleetus, create a go fund me and offer shares in the purchase of the farmland.
Emails sent.
A sham- See it all the time Investors buy the land start a project then run out of money and cant complete the developement then the land is scarred with half build homes in a ghost town ! With the housing market as it is these dopes want to build 4500 homes ? Wow !
Didn’t you already have issues with drainage and water run off? Turning that much lane into development will definitely have adverse effects on that.
Email sent! I wish I lived closer so I could come support in person. Best of luck from Minnesota!
sent emails to everyone i could, i moved out of the south flordia area 2 months before the freedom factory purchase :(
Taylor ranch is the good ol boys down here in they’ve been in Sarasota manatee area for generations they’ve owned thousands of acres that’s been sold off to developers over the years to build it’s gonna be tough to get them denied
Email Sent
Go fund me and buy it all 😈
Sent email from Indiana
Lancaster speedway a little 8th mile dragstrip in buffalo NY is dealing with this exact problem every few years there’s town meetings and Neighbors causing problems about the track noise
Sadly they don’t care. Whoever owns this land has the money to buy the votes they need to get it passed. It’s all about the money. I hope I’m wrong.
MAIN CHANNEL THIS
Building homes will drive animals to the city’s it will destroy wildlife’s home They are nuts
This is sad that agriculture land gets sold like this it shouldn’t happen this way it should be grand fathered In as agricultural land and never sold
Holy smokes!!  Thats exactly what happened to Manzanita Speedway here in Phoenix.  The homes got closer and closer, the noise complaints started, and the next thing you know the city zoned the (Historic 1/2 mile) track out of existence, fight brother fight!!
That's what happened to Houston Raceway
I sent an email yesterday and got back a "form letter" reply from one of them. it basically said "we got your message, here's the info if you want to come in person." I wish I could be there in person and while I'm wishing maybe a fat stack of money to buy up a bunch of adjacent lots.
F*cking developers and government aholes... Make them put up and maintain their stupid fence... Our county and the local metropolitan city were trying to annex our farm years back to put up housing for people who can't afford to live there in the first place... Thankfully enough farmers and the rural community got together and shut that sh*t down. Good luck man! I feel your pain...
Email sent from Missouri. Hope it all works out
Done, and that lady had a stink face the whole time
🍻
I don't understand how blatantly corrupt these developers are they know exactly what's going to happen and they just think oh well the idiots that buy the houses can deal with the track we don't care, closing tracks results in more street racing I don't understand why the government doesn't protect race track its a public safty issue
Golly…🤦🏻‍♂️
sent from new york
Got my email !
The bigger issue is not just losing our tracks, but losing all our rural land. The town I grew up in was almost all agriculture and forestry as recently as the early 2000s. Now, its all million dollar plus condos. When I was a boy, they tried to kick us off our land to build townhomes and got denied do to the wetlands near by having endangered frogs in them. Our old property is basically a town now. The frogs didn't move out, they just filled the pond in.
Plant trees or boost the wildlife in the area.  As getting planning permission is one thing but then getting approval for the environmental protection agency is whole another story.  Same happened in uk racetracks closing because of flats or house built right next to the tracks and people complain about the noise / smell and traffic and it’s all gets restricted.  Some tracks have cars that can’t be louder then 80-90db
this is EXACTLY how my home track died. the next phase you talk about is exactly what happened. they tore down the track to build homes. despite there being hundreds of thousands of empty acres around to do this on.
Is there a chance you and some investors could purchase the property and do with it what you want? Turn it into a motor sports park
I hate to say cleet but you and we all know they will allow it to come in because of the value of homes and your talking 4000+ homes. That's a lot of cheddar in someone's pocket. I am praying this doesn't go through because your 100% right about what will happen to the track if passed. I will support the track
Well Cletus sounds like we all need to donate money for you to buy all that land and make an off road park??? Just saying you have millions of followers if we all donate $100 you have couple hundred million$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
cleet you should put it in your other channel ...i thin it would really help.. i lost my neighbor hood track because of the same exact reason... at the end of it they offered lot of money and we lost the track...i hope you dont accept any amount of money in the world to give up million of passioned people like us we lost... and by knowing about you and your content as been a while i follow you...im pretty sure your into this fight for people like us where we can do the illegal stufff in a legal place.... hell yeah brother !!!!
You need this posted on the main channel and plug it in every video. Maybe get every YouTuber you know to get involved. Hell hold a signing event at a the county board meeting, think big waves. You need to get people there and make a lot of noise. Politics is not logical it’s all about the money.
Sent the email for ya cleet, you boys use the freedom factory and the drag strip to impact people's lives all around the world, it's the least we can do. Let's win this fight
Whoever goes, its gotta be classy. Best behavior.
just buy all 4500 homes
Oh no!!!
God dang it sounds like another episode of Yellowstone
Hope this goes right for you and the team
I wish this was on a Friday. I'm driving down from NC Thursday afternoon, I would love to go if I could
here from nevada! emailed all of them, we need to fight back, and put a stop to the car community getting fazed out
Done emailed all of them good luck
It would be wise to check if  any of the county commissioners have any financial interest in the land developers.
Find some historical use of the land in question and petition to keep it historical then they cannot build anything . I lived in a valley that was a historical civil war battlefield and all building construction was forbidden in the valley once the historical status was changed . Or you can run the Dale truck everyday once they start selling houses ! Also I have seen people put giant billboards across the street from the proposed subdivision entrances advertising drag racing EVERY weekend 500 feet down the road as a warning to future buyers .
How many acres is that land? Throw them an offer on it and buy it so they cant build there
Need to find a multimillionaire drag racing farmer willing to do a 1031 exchange for that Ag land.
Cleetus. I feel like this is VERY IMPORTANT. You should post this on your main channel. Let’s share this to other YouTubers and get as many people to spread the message to oppose this as possible.
If 4500 of us just buy these new homes then problem solved… Cleetus in my back yard for the win:) Good Luck Garret I hope you succeed my dude.
The wall should be out of their budget if they want to build it
Sent each and every one of them an email, gave them all a little story in why I believe the freedom factory should be taken into consideration as well as Bradenton crap strip. You and the team so so much for all of us on a daily basis and no one’s doing it like you! We all appreciate you guys!
I wonder if whoever buys in to live in this development should sign a stipulation that they are moving in next to a noisy motorsports venue and to NOT sue over noise?     On the flip side, you may well realize that with development on your fence-line, that your property value now skyrockets into astronomical values, which is pretty much what happened to Riverside Raceway is California. The ridiculous money for the land was more than what the racetrack could make and it was too much to resist. I know this place has MORE than just monetary value to you though, at some point, some fat pocket is going to say a price that will make you think.
Email sent!
I just sent an email it said the addresses may not be valid I sent it anyway please verify you have it correct so we can help.
My local drag strip and road race track in West Palm beach shut down this year after over sixty years of operation. It has left a huge racing hole in South Florida. It would be a bigger tragedy if Brandenton motorsports park and the Freedom Factory closed down.  Sent emails to all the commisioners.
I got you Cleetus. I sent an email to all of them. Wish I could support in person
been happening here in Colorado Bandimere speedway yearly has to fight to keep the strip open and yeah one of the reasons it's still open is because of people who love the sport also one of the reasons Kyle from boostedboiz moved down there one of the reasons why I want to plus isn't that the  Flood zone who wants to buy a new house on or next to a flooding area
I feel for you man! I’m in Pasco County and and the building is out of control!
i would love a house next to the track!!!!!  buy up the land cleeter and sell me an acre or two.  i sent e-mails...  hope it doesnt get passed goodluck brother!
The tracks being shut down leads to more street racing, which leads to the possibility of more injuries and deaths, so tracks are important to keep people off the streets and deaths down.  In Calgary Alberta, we lost our track to this exact reason, and we have problems with people taking to the streets to race, shutting down roads, possibility of people leaving roads and hitting houses/businesses and causing tens of thousands of property damage.   Cleet, I don't think my email will do anything due to not being in the same county, let alone country, but ill support you
Email sent brother.
Emailed for ya buddy
I would make the land contractors and home developers sign a contract right along with new homeowners saying this. " I here by agree if I complain to any authorities or homeowner association's on any noise from said Race tracks you shall forfeit there land and home in accordance to knowledge of the race tracks already being there long before the land was ever developed for housing or later to Business district to the State of Florida." I know they will never sign it but you definitely will not agree to the housing development.
This is how Englishtown NJ eventually had to close... Was one of the best in the country.
You should have brought toast and rev it in the lot so they can hear how much of a problem its going to be :(
Good luck man!
If you were there first, it should be on the incoming project to noise proof their area.
This would be a great time for DeSantis to come in and solve the situation. If the freedom factory dies, Florida will be losing a lot.
Sorry to many people are making money on it bud. Start bribing like they do
Man I new this would be a issue when I worked for a company that was land clearing 2 properties over a few years ago.  The city is moving out and it sucks.
Email sent.
What we’re dealing with here is the classic problem. The entire reason we now have Laguna Seca specific exhausts.
This is a shame. Not to mention the fact that urban sprawl is horrible for the environment/local wildlife.
I know it’s a long shot but you need to get David frieberger out there. He is one of the most well known racing historians in the world.
Opposition coming from Canada 🇨🇦  if anything they'll see its not just a "local track" the freedom factory is a global icon
I sent some emails, I hope it helps. I was super addicted to all of the Freedom Factory videos when they started. It's my intention to make the pilgrimage someday
You can’t copy and paste it post it to your Facebook
This same exact thing has been going on with small General aviation airports too. We have lost soo many airports too this kind of crap!
Will there be a live video feed of the meeting? Possibly with a chat that we can all state our opposition through on the internet who cannot be there in person?!
Lawyer up put it on the main channel
Home owners should be required to have at least a 10 point cage car to live there.
Only way I see you winning in this situation is buying some more land Cleet. Freaking a, you know they're throwing more money at this situation than anyone I is aware of
Do people not understand sound? It moves through the air, air goes over the fence, sound goes over the fence...
We need a plague. The only reason this happens is because there’s too many fuckin people
I live 3 miles away from Blaney’s Sharon Speedway and I can listen to the race sitting on my porch except I LOVE IT!
English town drag strip in nj is prime example.
They do this to destroy a track and bankrupt, steal the property and develop  it for tax revenue because racing is not profitable as developed tax base this ment to destroy the fossil fuel anti automobile agenda which is insane FJB
Emailed from my personal and work email! Fight like hell brother! Do it for DALE! 🏁🏎️
Emails sent brother!
I'm in CA and this has become a real issue at Laguna Seca one of the most famous road courses in the world, neighbors complain limiting events that can happen. so sorry this is happening to you
My opinion is stop turning all this precious farmland into residential. I do like the thoughts of tracks, but is there really another need for that many homes. Ridiculous. Up here a minimum 5 acres of land is required and there shoving 3 per acre.
I'll be emailing for sure.  I'm tired of seeing tracks go down.  Just because I don't use the track it doesn't means others dont
Can somebody copy & paste the description post to the comments so I can physically copy & paste from my cell phone so I can oppose and show my support for Cleet. Please!
Going to miss our Houston Raceway 😢
Please people.....if you can go to this. Please attend.
I got you Cleet.
Houston raceway is shutting down? Nooooooooo!
Cleeter, I just sent individual emails to all seven of the names listed. I've had a great time attending the FF and BMP over the years, as well as enjoying all the online content you have generated there. let's keep fighting to keep these tracks open for years to come!
They all have a freshie in their inbox all the way from Anchorage Alaska! I cannot WAIT to see what you all get into with the jet boats up here. Hopefully I get to see ya out and about!
They complain about street racing and say go race at the track. Then they move next to it, complain about noise and get the track shut down and that leads to street racing
I emailed 👍
Man I smiled so hard hearing 51yrs of snowbird nationals cause I am honored to have been in one of the events there in 08 with my dad. Such a great memory and I really hope yall don't lose your tracks lord please don't let these tracks go
So awesome of you tube to prohibit copying the comments. Anyhow I spent 40 minutes or so sending each ignorant committee member a heartfelt, lol, if I had a heart, message how vital BMSP is to racers from above the artic circle, or IL to dial in for our short season.  Everyday this "progressive" mind set is tainting our great country and and seem to be accelerating the push to have all Americans live as NPCs. 1776 was a great year.
Sounds like convincing your buddy to put all that money into his drag strip was a great idea…
Garret, I just finished sending my emails from Minnesota to help support the cause.  I'm really hoping that with your fan base that we can help tip the scale in your direction.   Have you thought about asking some of your fellow YouTuber friends to share this video to increase the email windfall to the zoning members?  So many fans would be willing to send emails if they can't be there in person.  Keep posting the great content, and we're pulling for you. HELL YEAH BROTHER!
I’m so sick of these housing developments. They are ruining my home state, I love the tourists and I’m glad they enjoy our state but it’s just sad to think the entire green and forest areas of Florida will be completely overrun by these housing developments.
Someone needs to invent and outdoor white noise emitting device that can be used as a sound barrier.
Let em build, you buy them all, abnb them all during your events.
Well damn brother, if I wasn't 1267 miles away I would certainly be there. emails sent. Let us know if there is anything else we can do.
Corruption with the local politicians.
It's a bad idea.  Kills the tourism and increases illegal racing because of no tracks
Honestly, you should put this in your main channel. This is your livelihood at stake here, so I highly suggest you use all the tools you have
Sent in my email, hailing for Canada! would hate to see the tracks get shutdown over bad/poor decisions of others
Im sorry I cant make it out there tomorrow because of work but I sent in my emails! I hope some good will come out of this!
This is exactly what kills tracks here in the UK. It seems insane in America where there is loads of space, that you still have the same problem of greedy developers building homes without a care for the people that will live there. I'll do the email thing, I hope it helps.
Done😁
Oh boy...   good luck.. you have to stop this at the commissioner level.. if it goes to the state!  The count down has started...  it will take years for a complex that big. Just State approval for the roads will take a year or better, don't ask how I know....  lol.  But it will get built and you know the track will not celebrate 60 years of any event..    I will email your commissioners.  Good luck from Naples....
When I was a kid I loved going to Manzanita Speedway in South Phoenix to watch stock car, sprint car and midget car racing. Homes and businesses were built, complaints were filed and then it was closed. Sad.
Sent and tagged all my buddies here in Michigan.  We've seen this happen to too many of our local tracks . . . we want the Freedom Factory around once we get old, buy Corvettes and move to sunny Florida!
Sent
emailed them. We got your back brother.
Look at Myrtle Beach Speedway and what developed around it and see for yourselves what happens. All those restaurants and homes are still there. Racetrack is closed down for good. If these homes go up, we will all kiss these two racetracks goodbye. Guaranteed.
Emails sent, Good luck, I wish I could be there Thursday.
Our local track here in the city of Curitiba ( South Brazil ) was closed due to the same issue as this one presented.  The track had a lot of history and more than 60 years of amazing events.   if you look for the good old photos of the Autódromo Internacional de Curitiba, you'll see that there's no houses, busineses...nothing but the track itself. Our local track was demolished by the begining of 2022 and the entire country of Brazil felt the pain of another historical racetrack dying right in front of us.
the new residents will certainly shut down the track. Buy the 2700 acres. You have a large audience. We can all pitch in.
Someone needs to start a petition to stop this.
I bet the lady’s name in the thumbnail is Karen
Can you buy the 2700 acres Cleet?
Unless you can pay the same bribes to the officials that the land owners are, you're done bud.
You always see speakers expressing “take it to the track” and then they take our tracks…
Back to racing on the highways illegally 🙄
I just sent an email opposing to each of the emails in the description, I pray this gets denied and the tracks are safe
Is there some way to get them to agree to the deed proclaiming that they are to deal with the track and cannot complain against it? Basically get only track folk to buy them 😋
So how much is that land? Maybe we need the largest motor sports complex in the world.
Yep sounds like powerful greedy business corporations wanna take over land an push little guy out, fight back, hopefully everything works out an we all win against big corporations
I will be emailing and asking my friends and family to do the same. 🤞🏼
the housing market will crash before they were ever built
oops I got carried away with my email:  I would like to go on-record to specifically state that racetracks are a vital part of local and sometimes even state economies. I myself have spent hundreds, sometimes thousands of dollars to visit racetracks across the country. This money spent is only as a tourist and a spectator -- someone who simply watches a race occur. What I should also mention is that I've also spent well over two thousand dollars multiple times per year to race in my own car on a real racetrack with real rules and regulations. All of this money goes straight back into local and regional economies; whether it's supporting the workers at the track, surrounding businesses, or the track itself, all of that money eventually goes back into the local economy.   Besides the economic argument, there is also the case to be made about safety. Yes it's true: having access to a regulated and sanctioned race track keeps racers off the street. I know this as a fact through first-hand experience. While I do not myself condone nor participate in street races, I know of many examples where my peers participate in those exact activities because of the lack of access to places to do it where it should be done -- on a track. While I do not have factual statistics to give you relating to this, my first-hand experience tells me that availability of real race tracks keeps people from street racing, has kept many of my friends from street racing. These same friends have participated in races with me on the same track after finding out that it was possible to do so.  Lastly, on a personal note: Motorsports are a dying breed. While it'll probably still last at the professional level for many years to come, maintaining these openly accessible venues is a step in the right direction keeping one of America's greatest and most original pastimes alive. It is for this reason that I ask you, on a personal level, to keep this track open and available and avoid zoning residential areas anywhere nearby that will, inevitably, cause the track to shut down.
@Cleetus2 McFarland Not only should the ppl send emails but they should also send registered snail mail the old fashioned kind of paper mail through the post office where the receiver needs to sign when receiving the mail so that you have valid proof that you have sent a letter to them.
Buy that land and lease it to ag companies
I was on a Planning and Zoning Commission and I can tell you it’s all about building the tax base.
I hope this stop smh 🤦
Brother, that was very well said. Coming from a place where a dirt oval track died when I was a kid due to the exact same reason. Homes moved in and within 2 years the track had to close up. Not a single track for over 100 miles now.
Cleetus get ahold of desantis
Just a suggestion, it would be a lot easier (for us iPhone users) if we got sent to a link where we could copy and paste everything including the email addresses that are in the description. Would make things a whole lot easier and faster
You should make the developer sign a document that they accept any and all liability from home owners and their complaints of noise or smoke from the racetrack or drag strip. They must disclose before they sell the homes to future owners or accept the responsibility for complaints. It's their issue not yours.
Good luck buddy, I hope they go pound sand and leave you alone. Bastards shouldn't buy a house there if they don't like cars
That’s how ct drag way died, rip😢
If the commissioners approve it, send them a lynch mob.
John from Australia Garrett, 4500 homes paying land taxes to the local government and all the development taxes and fees? I'd start looking for another track mate, a bummer for sure, but all those sweet juicy taxes for the coffers? They're addicted to money and you can't compete, even with a successful Youtube channel.
Email sent
My support is sent in from Topeka Kansas.  I also threw out the environmental impact, that I see Dallas Alley brought up!
People wonder why there is street racing.... you close the race tracks, the racing moves to the street simple
Put this on the main channel
god- this is stupid that there doing this-
The housing people probably payed of the board and beyond
You will have to really put up a fight I'm sure the developers have a some of them in there pocket books. Hope you win Garret and they get rejected to build
Hopefully they don’t go forward with this, I live near/work in Baytown. And it sadden me when I heard they’re shutting it down, the amount of time and effort Cleet put into bringing his festivities into Baytown will be going down the drain. In Baytown it’s not housing being built, it’s a company that’s going to build a warehouse on that land
My local outdoor gun range is 2.5 by vechile so closer  by bird Sunday morning early is about the only time I may hear it  As a Publix trucker so stores have curfew times for delivery so yes I understand all this crappie
Can't see web site
Walmart bought my home track that I’ve raced at since a little boy with my whole family palm beach raceway, soon the strip will be obsolete and that’s super sad.
You need to put this on your main channel !
Happened here in Houston, Houston Raceway Park was in the middle of nowhere, now houses nearby and everyone complains. Now we are losing the track.
Email sent! Stay strong and true to your passion and mission!
Once PBIR closed down in west palm beach the street racing has gotten crazy and a lot of deaths . The sheriff office was against the track closing . But the owners are just money hungry check it out to see what I’m saying
Sounds like Garret is calling for insurrection 😂
Bet
Email Sent from Nebraska. I saw a few comments that mention environmental impacts, that seems like another great topic to bring up.
Sad to grow up in these times, witnessing the slow downfall of car culture.
Everyone should donate to the freedom factory and Cleetus and use the money to buy the land….. problem solved
Who do they want to have to put up the fence around the residential area or around the racetrack and who do they expect to pay for this
I hope you can stop it, but developers have some deep pockets and that's really what this comes down to. Those commissioners are probably getting some nice holiday bonuses.
Those land owners should stick true to the agricultural aspect seeing how apparently we are now importing more food than we are exporting for the first time ever. Let that sink in for a minute.
Mines sent 👍🏻
Email put in. I’m going to have all my friends put in emails. A lot of them watch ol boy cleeter too.
New community CAN'T AFFORD
Email sent from Kansas. I grew up in Sarasota and we would go/ still go to every spring race at the drag strip.
If they approve it you should buy some acreage and build some air BnB’s.
Sent Brother! Anything we can do to help! I would hate to see something happen to one of the greatest set of tracks in the country.
I gotta be honest. This makes my stomach turn. I feel this is where palms get greased. Where somebody's in-law is married to someone on some board or something. Plenty of places to build houses. Don't need to destroy people's livelihood to do so.
The lesbian behind you looking at you like she Def wants you to die.
You got Cleetus!!!! They wanted people off the streets, but they're shutting down strips! Screw them land developers and HOA karens!!!
Can you be out of state and the email still be effective ?
Just emailed them also. Described how my towns local track Southeastern International Speedway suffered the same fate outlined by Garrett here.  Hope all of us showing support can help them reconsider this proposal.
I hope PRI hears about this and shows some support
Well spoken.
Tired of people ruining everything in this life…. People really actually sit there and wonder why we have mass shootings and suicides lol like it’s a joke.. Time to take a stand against all these idiotic people out there and fix North America…..
We got this brother. Don't back down, don't give up. From my family to yours. We love you and WE will help you get through this.
Proud of you. Will support this if you get a new song and stop using the noodling guitar song.
You have to tell them, that if they don't comply you're going to tell all your support to vote against them in the next election 👍🍻
Jesus Christ I hope this subdivision isn't built.  It reminds me of the retards that bought houses near DFW airport and then complained when flight traffic was increased.  The airport was there first and then a few hundred retards complained.  How people can go thru the process of buying a house near one of the top 5 airports in the USofA then go, derp derp, I had no idea jet planes make noise, derpy derp, I made children, children need quiet time.
Emails sent to all 7. Hope this doesn't pass. You guys have put too much effort into making the track what it is today.
Thanks for the update  Just a idea... what is the changes for us  to buy the land to save the race track  Aka start same thing like a  fund-raising to races the money to buy the land
Look up KCIR in Kansas City Missouri.  This is exactly how Kansas City lost our drag strip.  Now we have to travel an hour one way to a track up north that is not a full 1/4 mile strip, or over an hour on a toll road to a Topeka Kansas.  KCIR had a rich history.  Its now just a field.  It was supposed to be turned into a extravagant park, that has never happened.  Its now just a place where drug deals happen.  Sad end to a fantastic Dragstrip.
Land mines
Cleetus, I’ve been through this and more with Heartland Park Topeka. I’ve also run for office (city council) and chaired two campaigns. You need to present the board with very detailed economic impact figures, taxes you pay, number of employees (job creation remember?) and so on. Next, you need to donate to the council member’s campaign funds. Yes, it’s a bribe, let’s call it what it is. These people can be bought so buy them. If I’ve learned anything in my 40 years of racing and politics it’s how cheaply you can buy politicians support. Write those checks, you won’t regret it.
Hey Cleetus, as an international supporter is there any way my friends and I can help.
What is the United States coming to?  Guarantee that half of the new community can afford natural disaster insurance... Easy to sell land without telling the owners what they are signing up for..
This is what’s happening at Sacramento raceway people buy houses next to the track without realizing it and complain about the noise
this happened to Calgary Alberta Canada, We miss you race city
As an avid watcher from the UK. Your track has inspired myself to save with the eventual goal of being able to afford to visit America. And I won’t be the only person who feels this way. If brining tourism from as far as the UK is an affect of your track and many others like it. For me this has to be taken into account by the board.
Every automotive Youtuber needs to get behind this ASAP and Get their Audiences behind it ASAP!!!!!!! Love from the UK
That Karen in the thumbnail 😂
Bruther, you should of included your own email address in that email. Keeping tabs sorta thing.
Throw some big name NHRA racers that race there. Yall were there 1st for 50 years. They should accommodate the tracks
3 homes per acre !? LOL they stuffin them in there
Sent quite the lengthy email expressing my concerns I hope someone will genuinely take the time to read and genuinely comprehend everything being discussed
Seems to me like a lot of fans will be buying up all the properties within that new area if they develop
I don’t know the laws about who can oppose this since I’m from the United Kingdom but iv sent everyone on the list an email for opposition
I  support your stance..you fly your flag proudly do not do not let the money grabbers step on your toes..its just not acceptable to let big money bully the blue collar men and woman anymore..comeon folks this is all of our fight..
Email sent man! praying for the best.
Their Californiaing our Florida.........
Housing developers always do this to race tracks. Build up next to them and then get them closed. Happens everywhere.
Email sent to all listed... Goodluck from all of us in Australia mate...👍
Will be there, was planning on going to that meeting anyways that’s funny
Automotive culture always gets brushed off for the likes of the snowflakes.  Ridiculous situation going on. I hope the is ends up well, brother!
Sent my email 🙏 good luck
THEY DONT WANT FOSSIL FUEL CARS AND RACE TRACKS ALONG WITH THEM, DEMOCRACTS AND LIBERIALS SUCK SUCK
Email sent!
I’ve emailed all of them multiple times! Hopefully y’all show out in massive numbers
It might be gone Cleeter
I'm so sick of all these builders taking all our tracks and property we have to many houses in Florida as it is don't give up let's fight this
They are going to hear the racetracks with the barriers.  The racetracks were there first.  They need to go build homes elsewhere.
Put this on the main channel
They have the same issue at   Laguna Seca were some idiots decided to build a housing development near the track. Now they have certain times that the track can't operate and also  have decibel restrictions for the track. In my opinion this is horse shit move somewhere else florida is full.
what are they thinking!
Land Patent,  Update!!! There is already one at LAND MANAGEMENT OFFICE.  Updated 4 corners 4 stakes ..
Did my part and submitted hopefully some good will come out of this
I'm sorry that your dealing with this but unfortunately it's not going to work because all those new homes that's new taxpayer's 💸 💰  cash talk and I'm willing to put money on it that someone in office is the getting little walk around 💸 payed to make sure it passes
Garret, no offense. We here in the car community 100% know and understand what you're talking about. Politicians do not speak the same language. You need to hire a lawyer to deal with this.
buddy thats insane i may not have been to your track yet but itd be with a heavy heart to see it affected and possibly shut down from up here in canada i was actually hopin to visit one day during sick week with my family. Motorsports r family sports always have bin. Best of luck man.
We live about a mile from a circle dirt track and hear the races every sunday in the summer. LOVE the sounds of the races
This is how the best 1/8th mile drag strip in Texas died. RIP Texas Raceway and many others.
Call the EPA...I bet they find a protected species on the land....
I wouldn't like to be the recipient of all the emails coming in from now on, hope they have a good server 😬😂🙈 good luck from Holland !! 💪🏻💪🏻👍🏻👍🏻
idiots . Doll houses ???
this does suck and i hope to be there thursday
Email sent Brother!
Wonder how much it would cost for all of us to pitch in and just BUY this land......
we have tracks beside aour main airport and the locals are sterting to complain after 40 years of the track being there even after the airport has been tested as louder than the track at any given time
Omg I wish I could be there. WE NEED A PETITION!!!!
let’s go people. Let show up in numbers. If you can’t make it. Email it! Let’s save something we love and help Cleet who help us with great content.
I took my family  to Atlanta Dragway for years and they Condos killed the Atlanta Dragway. A new battery plant for electric cars just miles away on I85. I hope it doesn't pass. Our country is fading away. I wish you luck I enjoy the content.
Me and my wife just emailed ours votes brother
FYI. A few have started blocking messages, shameful that they don't care about their own county
Leggo
Damn right they will hear it. The local dirt track where I live is knowhere near my place and I can hear them every weekend.
The only thing I could say would be follow a cease and desist lawsuit because it's over the line where they said they could develop at
Developers have been trying to kill MO-KAN dragway in southeast kansas for YEARS. They haven't succeeded...yet.
These people don't care about your property only the back door money their getting to ruin your lively hood. Is same reason why the most highly sought-after engine builder is being forced to close his business so it can be turned into parking lot for the upcoming Olympics, just to be abanded 3 months after event never used again.  they don't care about their policy for moving out of town was increase the value of the land down the road after developers got infrastructure to the rural area. I feel sad for your future, without an expensive Lawsuit. (How can no one for see after few short years of you buying abended property it will be developed literally next plot over seems fishy to me.
As a Bradenton resident, expanding the development that far is insane and impossible to avoid the noise that close. I am a realtor in the area and it is obvious developers can go elsewhere. You can here race tracks from several miles away, couldn’t imagine 20 feet lol
Done ✔️
Email sent from Canada, I really hope the global support and a show of peaceful supportive fans show up in person and prove how much of an impact those two little tracks have across the world with your fans, and the local tourism your events bring in.
Emails sent, hope it helps
Buy it and put a road corse on it. Probably not reasonable but if you can somehow aquire it, they cant do shit.
Buy half of it on the boundary for a buffer
Email sent from Canada
It's always the same, you're absolutely right. It's even the same with military bases, naval air station oceana was originally built in the farmlands of virginia beach, VA but of course urban sprawling made homes and businesses creep closer and closer to the bases and killing off our farmlands. Then everyone who just moves in complains about jet noise, when it would have been better to make it military housing in the first place. Same thing in this case, it at least would be better to have a hotel for people coming in to events and quiet businesses to act as a buffer inbetween housing and the racetracks.
Holy crap man, I was shaking watching this. Proud of you. Email sent, along with note "Please do not contribute to the death of Motorsports. It is one of the things that make this country great. Thank you."
I'm gonna send an email, but gotta tell ya.  4500 new property tax payers.  You have no chance...
Time for primetime Alex Stein to help.
our local 1/8th mile drag track closed after 60years of being open. houses got built down the street and boom exactly as you said. complaint after complaint for 10yrs until the were forced to shut down. NOW the city is all mad about street racing yet the close down tracks. ridiculous
We had the same thing happen to our local dirt track. The housing development won and the track was  torn down and houses built on top of that land. The track was there first.
Bro I could never really see this coming. I will send my email from all 7 of my addresses including different valid names and addresses. For victory your honor!
should push the fact it helps keep people off the streets raceing.
HELL NO WE WON'T SLOW!
If the racetrack is there first, it should get priority. If they want to build homes, and people moving in there, should have to sign a disclaimer and consent form knowing the tracks are there, and there may be noise.  Or if you can get a bunch of car enthusiasts to buy the homes near the racetrack, you will never get complaints. I'd love to be in like a 'suburb' that only consists of car enthusiasts.
Sounds like you, uncle Chet, and heavy d need to buy some more land.
I think you underestimate how many people will show up on Thursday. I would if I were in FL
Reminds me of large airports.  They're built away from homes and other habitats along with the area around them classified as non-residential space.  Then people take it to the government to reclassify the area to allow residential on those areas.  If that didn't work, they took it to court to allow it.  Several years later, usually after the original builders sold their property,  the new owners sued  the airports due to the noise, and won. That's why aircraft now have noise abatement procedures they have to follow immediately after takeoff.  A lot of smaller airports just shutdown. The same happened to a lot of racetracks around the country.
Start a petition we can all sign!
I will immediately start my emails as soon as I'm done here. I have owned and ran tracks and dealt with this. Actually we lost scottsburg raceway because of 1 individual that had moved in town while the track was semi idle(a few races per season). I will show examples and do what I can. Really wish I could make the trip down.
You got my support from Fontana California🙏🏽 email sent
They'd be happy to see all your racecars and personal road cars shredded and you being forced to buy an electric.
They did this to our local drag strip over a decade ago. First they said it wouldn't affect the strip at all but after they built the homes and everyone moved in, the people started complaining about the noise. Then the homeowners all got together and sued. Now there is a noise ordinance in place that requires mufflers on all cars participating at the drag strip and they severely limited the times in which drag racing can take place. It effectively killed drag racing in our area. The new noise ordinance requires the noise level to be at or below 85db over an 8 hour period at the track property boundary. That makes it impossible for anything but street cars to compete there.
you should put this on the main channel!!!!
I sent my email in from Tulsa Oklahoma. Love the content
Damn, good luck
cleet ya cant slow down progress- you need to get with some guys with real deep pockets and build out the surrounding area like apex motorsport park - build luxury motosport focused homes
Done and done! Also shared on Facebook
Time to lawyer up he just want tax dollars remember each house has a contract with the city the public utilities and they collect taxes on each house that they build so they're trying to push you out be careful they tried to do that to me but all I had to do is put a boundary fence and they have no rights to impede your pursuit of happiness time to lawyer up and send them a signal or buy the property next door
BUILD THE WALL…BUILD THE WALL… BUILD THE WALL! These buttons at the municipal county are clueless. Tell them to undertake a study of noise. They’ll understand, this is bad.
just buy all the houses and put everyone that works for you in them lol
Kind of stuff Makes me sad
what about buying a section of the land closest to the track yourself...buffer zone?
Wow what trash I’m from a small town in Nc and people ie rich idiots moved next to our track then complained about the noise and somehow got it shutdown. It is ridiculous and irresponsible to do that to these tracks which were moved in the first place then they expand right back into them. Law makers should revoke any means to attack businesses like that. God Bless I will email in my support with address to the aforementioned addresses Sally can’t come I’m in recovery but my prayers go out to you and those like you.
With more and more race tracks shutting down the street racing and side show scene is gonna blow up more than ever and we all know these can end badly. The least all these development projects and local government entities can do is consider the fact that intruding on a legal way for people to race is a bad idea unless they want more street racing mishaps. I’m not a local there but I do have a hotrod of my own that I enjoy and the nearest drag strip is over 1 hour away easily.
Please don't ever threaten the freedom factory again, it is a global racetrack its not just any track! I'm going to send them all an email from Canada.
Good luck but money all ways wins out.    Only reason atco  didn't sell was because compart was the buyer and it being the pine barrens....  If it was a developer it would have gone threw.
I really hope this doesn’t get approved. It’s crazy they would even want to build homes there. It flooded so bad in that hurricane
Aw dang it Cleeter I'm SMH ! 😡
You did well grasshopper, and I know what you are talking about. I worked at a world famous Racetrack in the 80s and 90s . And it all came to a end when the developers showed up buying the surrounding property and greed took over. Be strong and give them Hell Brother. And remember Ascot raceway Gardena Ca and Riverside raceway.
Cleetus, I have worked on similar cases in the past and what we are focused on is preserving your rights as they currently are, NOT opposing new community members AND/OR zoning changes. Please reach out to me for assistance, thanks.
If you purchase or will in the future purchase the live feed video you are contributing to the track, so you should email no matter where you are located.
Sent the emails brother!
Do you have to be american to email these people?? Because Im swiss and live in indonesia, and imma do everything i can to stop the application, petrol heads UNITE!!!
We can help you buy all the land
I'm 10 miles from atco drag strip in NJ I can hear I'm fine with it but cause of semi close homes they now can't race past 11pm and it use to be a NHRA strip no longer sad.
It’s been happening for years and years with Dixie Speedway here in Woodstock,GA. The track has been here for 60 years, all the new homes were built around the area and have been complaining about the noise for decades now. Luckily the track is still going and will open again this year. Good Luck Cleet! If anyone can get this thing handled y’all can!
Cleet is the John Dutton of racing and track events!!!! We’re here to support you in anyway possible. 🇺🇸
Hate to break it to ya but the commissioners have already been bought by the developers. I live in palm beach and they killed pbir.
I will say this until I die, common sense just isn't common. What a "smart" idea to build 4500 homes next to the US most poplar track FFS wow
Better start paying politicians. Because the people that are applying for permits are. Sadly
we have lost so many racetracks due to the same reason you are fighting this. i pray you win.  and if you do you will be the first. but i have seen you do alot of firsts and win so good luck.
Cleetus just buy all the land
I say we pull the street racing card and tell them how having race tracks is vital for road safety and gives people a safe environment to race their cars without having to take it to the streets. With the current issues surrounding takeover events, it would be in the council's best interest to account for the possibility that these tracks are saving community lives.
That was the most professional I've ever heard Cleet talk. Bravo. I bet you really put things into perspective for a lot of people.
Just ask the Bandimere family about what’s going on with their track.
This is the same BS we deal with in Poland
Consider the email done brother! If I wasn’t working I’d be down there in person
Took me about 2 mins to copy and paste and hit send email.. I really hope every one else takes just 2 mins to do the same.. (now I'm at 3 mins commenting...)
Ev race track in the future😂
Cleet ...buy the land
Let's go!!!  On board, email sent as I cannot attend.
Been through something similar in regards to zoning changes are something being built where it shouldnt.  In my case we canvased the neighborhood and brought out a large showing for the counsel meeting, and that basically stopped the train from moving forward.  Given your reach....not to sound complacent...but i think you'll have a great showing to stop this plan from moving forward.
DONE AND DONE , I sent the email but i had to change the "period . " to a " ; "  in-between the email addresses .... GOOD LUCK
They will approve it. Money talks. Our 40+ year race track closed for this reason. Politicians love $ in their pockets. Your track is in the way. It's bs. People race on the streets and people complain. We build a track and they sell the land around it knowing there is a race track close. Home buyers complain and it gets shut down. Politicians hate racecars.
Garrett,  buy the land and put cattle on it!
Proposal a wild life or park in the effected sound area? Maybe have a middle ground where the sound effected area is zoned for park recreation or wilife preserve. They can have a their residential area next to that
I feel you on the track shutting down from Houston. Sad to see our track shut down. Had a lot of memories out there and even meet you. I'm emailing all of them as we speak.
That's like moving by an airport then complain about the jet noise
Just sent my email to all of them. The freedom factory stays!💪🏼👍🏼🏎️
Email sent from Iowa. While I haven't visited yet, I know the money I spend on merch and PPV goes into their local economy.
Sent my "opposition"! Stay positive!
Get representation immediately and make sure you meet with the commission let them see your face before the board is all together
The Autodromo Internacional de Curitiba in Brazil just died because of this, unbeliveable, and then they don't want people street racing, wth
Email sent! Please look into environmental impact! I’m from Bradenton and I’d put my last buck on that land having a protected species on it! You will all be in my prayers!
It all boils down to money and who is bringing the most to the table. Do your tracks brining in more money than 4000 plus homes would through taxes and what not. I hope so for yours and your communities sake.
You should price what it would cost to rebuild both tracks and your shop farther away and let those developers give you the millions and then some to start over somewhere farther away.
3 homes per acre? LOL clearly these people are trying to make a bunch of money, fill their pockets, and not give a dang what happens to their residents or the tracks. Filthy rich pigs.
Emails have been sent brother! We are all standing with you to put a stop to this before actions are taken, none of us want to see an end to the freedom factory or Bradenton Motorsports park
The epa is already coming after us hotrod people, let’s make sure this doesn’t go through and stop this to make sure we United make a stand to show we won’t be stopped as Americans
Emails sent!
Btw, america and florida needs farmland.
WHO TEH HE’LL IS GARIT MITCHEL AND WHAT DID HE DO WITH CLEETUS ?!?!!!1
Fight it Cleeter!
Keep fighting BROTHER.
I would recommend everyone wear suits and ties...otherwise these jerks won't take you seriously if you're in T shirts and ball caps...js.
Dude, you're wearing a t-shirt and a ball cap to a real meeting...get a little serious. It matters.
Have a motocross track here, people put houses near it... yup
This is going to make the news . Great job garret
Put this in the main channel
This same thing is happening to outdoor gun ranges.  Good luck.
Sending the emails now!
Done!! - all the way from New Zealand. We got your 6. Very proud to help in this way.
Another Email sent from Australia, they're trying to do something similar to the local Karting track here!
Sheeeesh - Thursday is going to be a mobile car show.
Best to buy the land bud buy all u can please save america
3 homes per acre?!?  Good lord packem in like sardines!!
That’s a corrupt set of officials you gotta convince.
Sounds like a job for @ whistlindiesel
If this goes through, youre just gonna have to buy 4000 homes
these people are killing America
Wish I could help as a Canadian
I feel like the committee is about to get bombarded with emails lol
If it doesn't work out, consider planting a forest around the tracks.
This is EXACTLY what happened to Laguna Seca. Email sent for the love of the sport and community.
You should post this on your main channel.
Military vets dressed in uniform at this event will always hit different when in the optics of the on looking community.
I'm not from Florida,  but I see urban sprawl. Farmland and pasture land turning into housing developments.  What about wildlife? How does wildlife deal with a 25 foot tall wall? Migration routes?  They only see $$.
Email sent from Australia, not sure if they will accept from a different country but worth a try. Just hope everyone who views this video sends an email. Cleetus you should also set up a petition?
I work in the manufactured home business in manatee county. You are very right that this is a bad idea. homeowners may not complain now but eventually they will. I lived in Miami and autocrossed at West Palm raceway when it shut down a few years ago. It was so sad to see. Email sent and ill see if i can make the city meeting.
Email sent
The homes won't stop. It's money. It's ruining lots of good areas. Always a bummer.
The name of the track in Northwest Indiana that shut down for the same reason was called illiana motors speedway in schererville Indiana.
Just going to have to switch to electric for sound reasons.
I went to the Snowbirds in 1986.  It's a shame because people move in and try to change the business that was there before them.
We'll see people fight for a small bird threatened with extinction, how about a fight for the race tracks that keep disappearing from our country!?!?
The fastest way to shut these types of projects down is environmental support groups. It’s amazing what types of wetlands/endangered species can be found when the right people look for them!
You got it brother. I'll do anything I can to protect and support your channel. HELL YA BROTHER
If they decide to build there, they can blame themselves for complaints they will provide later on.  America must be a movie right?
Stop This s……
You have my support brother! I hope this comes through to save our racetracks!
Reach out to the Big Ron de and Big Donald I’m sure they would like to hear and help
iv email. iv come from canada to attend your events. this reaches internationally
This is why Laguna Seca is dying a slow death.  The absolutely ridiculous noise limitations mean practically only stock volume cars can run there.  And they still get constant complaints from people who just moved right next to an established race track.  It's incredibly frustrating and disappointing.  Hopefully you will have a better result!
Garrett…start working on plan B now!!!! You are smart and will figure it out.  As a former law student, You know where this is about to go. The roughly billion dollars or more that its going to take to build 4500 homes is something you cant compete with.  Whomever is behind this will litigate until you run out of money… Unless you have a few billionaire friends that want to donate, you are going to get burned.   I really hope im wrong
Emails have been sent. Hope EVERYONE  emails and let's our voices be heard!
hell ya I'm from Atlanta and I've seen what happens when raceways close and people are left with no racing outlet. Hopefully our emails will send a strong message.
How about only move racer friendly people into the neighborhood. Coexist. Let's create togetherness and not division. Bring the people to the track
Dude you make amazing points in your argument. I support and am proud to have found your channel. I hope your enjoying being an amazing father
Wish I could be there in person but I sent an email.
How much is the land. I’d gladly donate to help just buy the damn land and keep the racetracks alive. I’m sure if everyone pitched in 20$ over your millions of subscribers you could just buy the land and then the issue is solved for good
❤❤❤❤❤ i love racing periot so Leave us alone and do what we love
Is there somewhere that you can make the email copy and pasteable? It probably would help as we can’t do it from YouTube on iPhone.
Email sent from Washington State. Garrett's events have been a positive influence on young adults getting them into a sport which has only delayed and pushed off the EPAs attacks on racing. Maybe someone can buy that land and turn it into a racers rv park and hotel and ruin the developers plans if they want to screw over their local economy by forcing the freedom factory out only right to screw over the board by having someone come in and take all the revenue that the town would have collected. Basically make a Sturgis but have stores and local attractions next to the freedom factory.
Do you have to be an American resident to send the emails?
I live close to the site that used to be the Atlanta Dragway and I'm sad that it's gone.  While the reason for its demise is a little different than this situation, it still pains me that a developer purchased the site for similar reasons.  Clete, you have my support in this fight and an email has been sent to the commissioners.  I wish you the best in this fight and hope you're able to hire an attorney who specializes in these matters.  HYB, good luck!
I've got a friend with 600 acres in Wrightsville GA. For sale
I hate to say it but the race track is gonna loose . The city is only looking at the tax money those 4700 houses is gonna bring . And I bet it’s substantially way more then both race track. Me personally I dont see why anyone wants to live in a area with 3 houses per acre.
awesome cleet and put this all up at the very top of the main channel if you can!
Sent, from chicago. Anything to keep racing alive
Happened here in Wisconsin.    the guy has had the track for sale for years as he trys to sell it to somebody who will bulldoze it and developed it since all the home owners built houses around it and complained about noise.
Not good....money has already made its decision here. Rip Florida
Professional email sent.
When you were at World Cup, I was at a friends house about 5 miles away. We could hear you going down the track clear as day. Ain't no wall gonna stop that.
Thats the most emails ive ever sent. hope this works out brother. surely you and victor are bigger than they are.
This is actually how Oklahoma County Speedway closed. Track had been there 40+ years, the city grew around it, people moved in, complained, city shut it down. Pitiful. Unfortunately, money grubbing city and state officials will approve this-- the fight would be to get the provision in there that residents in the newly zoned land may not complain or have any effect on the existing businesses in the area.
Brother we got your back!
From Canada I wish I could be there. Best of luck.
WhistlinDiesel needs to come down bring the fans greatest bring some fans bombard them like we’re on strike take them for all we got in this destruction to the racing world
I live 1200 miles away so i cant show up but I approve Cleetus' message.
Bandimere is always dealing with this because of the homes on the other side of the highway. Fight the power brother 🤘
I'm in Indiana if I could I would
Sorry to say .. but American land is up for sale and who’s buying all the land ? No need to invade when you can just buy it and owned it
Maybe DeSantis needs to hear about this now.
What email do I send it to?
Convert it to a couple motels, and an rv park catering to the tracks and events they hold. Plus ass a buffer zone -leave some tress and ass the fence - plus jocky lot. WIn - WIn .
I think I just sent the single longest email I've ever written to those representatives. God I hope they actually read it...
I definitely will email in,I’m from Alberta Canada so idk if my vote will count but I will send it out.    Update,emails have been sent,I hope it helps you Cleetus.🙏
Lets all just go and hit the limiter all around manatee county
Race track and urban planning noob here, but how would the potential future residents be able to impact an adjacent property?  Just by noise complaints?  Does the fact that the adjacent property (racetrack in this case) was extant before the development have no impact?
Sorry for the words but f it tired of all This shit why everybody is so against wat most of all we love   RACING go f Live some Where els
just buy all the homes?
I will personally call Grant C and let him know to pull the plug on this deal
In 1968 we got an approval to build Road Atlanta Race track in Braselton, Georgia if we didn't start Sunday Races until AFTER 12:30 noon.. After Church hours. Road Atlanta IS STILL THERE and THRIVING !!  Everyone finally agreed.  It's been great and has  brought multi billions of dollars into the local economy as well as great paying jobs !! The area has had a major BOOM in Hotels / Restaurants / Banking / Grocery and Convenience stores and more. The area has thrived more than ever thought possible. Best decision they could have ever made.. Everybody won !! Everybody MADE MONEY !!
Email sent. I don't know how much an out-of-state guy can do, but I very politely expressed my concerns and point of view. Hopefully your local county commissioners are actual people and the developers haven't already lined their pockets. I watched the track in Wentzville, MO get turned into cul-de-sacs and houses because of this very same situation. That being said, hope you're also considering plan B. Got to keep your options open. Maybe find another piece of property and start from scratch? Freedom Factory 2.0?
freedom factory saved my life
Wow
As much as you want to get away from being a lawyer, it looks like it's pulling you back in, brother!
Sell people the homes that only like racing 🏁
That lady behind you in the thumbnail looks evil
Washougal motocross track. Now very limited track usage throughout the year compared to what it once was for the same issues. Neighboring properties sold over time and new owners moved in and complained about the noise and traffic.
Email sent. Hope my part helps
I feel sorry for the interns/assistants that have to answer these emails…we may crash their servers lol
I sent an email with all these folks on it for ya cleeter. Hope one day to get my family down from pa to see a show or 2
All of the board members will vote to make it homes, because it brings them tax dollars.  You're reading it here first.    Alternatively, who all wants to buy a house next to the Freedom Factory?
Got to get DeSantis involved. I am mostly sure he does not support this.
You have my full support.
I sent out my email for ya Cleet. I’m praying for success in this opposition . Also to note Amand Ballard has blocked her email from receiving mail as of 12/13 09:47pm .
Sorry to say I'm on your side sorry to say there's too much money involved in this I don't see you winning have you even come up with a better solution for them to put the homes somewhere else but there's too many people involved in this too much money involved they don't care about gas burning drag cars good luck I hope for the sake of all us racers we lost the fight in Sonoma California to time limits and drag racing isn't doing so well out here the track makes money on the course racing looking forward to a positive outcome for you
Is there someone local that can give me a random address so I can vote from another country?
See you there...
Email sent
you were there first
No offense but this fight is over. Houses are going to bring in way more money than the race track. Property Taxes>>Race Track
Done deal, can't make it in person but I sent the email. Good luck brother I like many need the Freedom Factory to live on.
Email sent! Is there maybe a way to make the track a historical marker? Or something along those lines that let's it operate without obstruction?
Better get whistlin diesel down there
I'm in California. I should make it by Thursday 9am fasho if I start driving now
I emailed them all. I race ad Bradenton in the winter coming up in January. Listen Bradenton has a huge bracket race this week. Stop the race and send all the racers and families to the county office.
Email sent, brother. I really hope this works out for the sake of all of us fans, as well as for y'all and yalls families. I cant have this go through without even seeing a race in person yet! Best of luck 🤘 we've got this
Only sell homes to race fans and or air B and B/ Vrbo.  It’ll be okay 👍🏼
When you said you don’t expect there to be a bunch of people come I think you underestimate your reach and how many fans you and Bradenton have!
You're fkd. The county is going to make more revenue from taxes on those homes then you could EVER match. And the county is going to take the money. Sorry.
Tell us what you need I'm in new York and I love the freedom factory I can't wait for my first trip there this year what ever you need just put it out there they have to stop with this they run out of room and then buy land and force out business they don't like or want this is what kills tracks you and what you are doing at your track is amazing and I see every one's faces when there there it's all smiles I can't wait to come
Yo look at  Picifc Raceway in Kent Washington it's  right next to the track. I believe  you move in there know that there is a track close by.
They did the same thing to Bandimere
Email sent from MN.  Good luck!
It's so sad that the one thing I love to enjoy and participate in is constantly trampled on by our government. This country, as much as i love it, has been a great disappointment to me over the last 10 years. We're going downhill so fast. I wish the best for this situation and thanks to all of you who are able to go out there and show your support. All of us who can't make it are truly grateful for your efforts.
When Yellowstone becomes real life, but it's racetracks and not ranches
Respectful email sent.
Utter bullshit. Here in Wellington, NZ I grew up near the airport which mostly served 737-200s, since the dawn of time. People moved next to it. People complained. "I moved next to an airport and it's too noisy".  And don't forget, they moved there because being next to a noisy airport made the houses AFFORDABLE.  They fixed that though. Our national carrier - so basically taxpayers - had to pay to fit "hush kits" so these planes that had been taking off from the same fcuking airport day after day for over a decade because WANKERS MOVED NEXT DOOR. Do your due diligence and either DON'T buy the house, or demand it cheaper. Don't move into it and shut the racetrack down 🤬
Flood that meeting people or thr FF might be in trouble
they move in noise complaint you into a court hearing re-zone the area and send you packing for pennies on the dollar.  watched it happen to the dirt oval right down the road from me hell they even try to do it to air force bases that been around since the 40s.
We've got you
Can't make it from pa...but most definitely emailed everyone of them...this all is horseshit...just trying to kill gasoline loving Americans....let the eagles an flags fly fellas...God bless...be respectful everyone...
Hell no brother
Unfortunately this is going to probably going to come down to the money. Will 4000 plus home bring in more tax revenue than the two tracks…probably just a little.   You have done an amazing job and hope to see you keep up the great work…but your days are probably numbered.
I think you need someone with some capital available and go in on buying that land yourself and turn it into cleeterland. An Automotive mecca amusement park for grown ups
This exact thing happened in my home town i am currently selling my race car because of it... i hope you guys win this i would hate to see the tracks go! also if you want a turbo ls 86 camaro for some fun hit me up ahha its for sale
Cleet buy the land
Sent a real long and thought out message to these guys
Hard to fight so much money homie lord help ye
Email is in! Can’t make it but wanted to try and help out.
All I'm going to stay is Laguna Seca. Keep fighting
Sad, people want you to slow down on the street but they take away all outlets. When I first went to bmp I was like whoa middle of no where. Next time I couldn’t recognize the drive and now this… Hialeah speedway as a kid fun times that’s gone. Unfortunately no matter what state the developers always win. Put up the good fight ✊🏽
This is happening all over the country. It’s sad.
This is what drove “Killdozer” to do what he did.
Wow I sure wish I was able to be there for you and stand proud brother.!!!
I was in a position a few years ago to buy a place somewhere that I could depend on motorsports being supported. We lost this fight in Hawaii, we now have acres of ball parks that nobody uses instead of a track that would be packed every weekend. I chose Florida to buy that place, and explained that in my emailed response. It's a huge opponent you face, and they likely have a huge amount of funding behind them. I hope your representatives have good heads on their shoulders and can see that these tracks accentuate and diversify the community in a way that no amount of development could ever accomplish. If I could stand there with you all, I would. I hope the email helps.
Send me the email Cletus
So you need 4500 people to buy houses next to the freedom factory.
Talk about food security. No one will care about a race track. Can you sue for the value of the track?
thats literally what happened to my local track ill send an email right now
This literally happened to the speedway track in Northwest Indiana. It was a famous track that brought people from all over the United States and overseas. It was shut down for making too much noise from the brand new subdivision they built right next to it.  It was a historic track, and now it is nothing.  Apparently history means nothing anymore.
4500 homes bring in way more tax money then the race tracks. Good luck… always happens
E-mail sent! Hopefully it has a positive impact!
There is also a motocross track in Colorado that delt with the same thing and they are always doing stuff to shut them down too!!!!
Life of Palos just did a video on it, we’re gonna win this battle!
You gotta make sure to tell them when those tracks close at night and make them understand that it will keep people awake...
Can't be there with you but have emailed everyone and ask them to oppose this. Easy enough to do, let's all get on this and support Cleetus!!!!!
Farms are disappearing for the same reasons.
a convoy is forming
We live 7miles from our local track and under the right weather conditions (no wind) we can hear it clear as day. No matter what they do they will hear it. Massive respect to you for fighting for this. Fingers crossed it gets thrown out
I wish everyone who is subbed to your channels could be at every meeting with you Cleetus.  What they're doing sucks and needs to be stopped.
Easy fix.....sell the houses to dedicated petrol heads!!!
Engage, Hunter S. Thompson Mode....
It's the same thing with bandmire is dealing with and that's why they have to shut down at like 11 no matter what else they get in trouble and than us fans have to come back another day and the worse is there is house like a 800 yards away and now they are building house in the over flow parking so yeah ppl stand up and help this Bec us Coloradans didn't do anything about it and could lose are track at anytime
Email sent! Visited last summer with the family, only reason we came to the area was for the racetrack, all the way from KY, so putting the local economy in jeopardy over making a local developer happy is crazy.
IPhone users can screen shot the description then highlight all the text for the email 👌
Emailed! Make America Race Again!
Why the hell would you want a home on 1/3 acre?  Next to a racetrack? Also don’t we need more farms?
If they do go forward with this could they implement a time cutoff and maybe just say no racing after 10pm?
Im from Columbus, Ohio and a few years ago we lost a local circle track that my Dad and Grandparents both raced at for years because they had noise complaints that eventually led to them selling the track for a sports facility. I miss going to those races even if none of my family raced anymore at the time of them selling the track. That track had been owned by a single family for 70 years and had held a few ARCA and Nascar events throughout those 70 years. Those events brought alot of people to Columbus for these races and I will always miss them.
Get a biologist to survey the land and if they find certain plants and grasses they can stop the development due to Wetlands Conservation!,
Yellowstone....
Oh shit yeah you got a problem you got a big problem I mean a 25 a roll would dampen the noise a little bit, but they better fucking pay for it not you
New plan: buy up the acreage.  Zone it commercial.  Build hotels and an RV park for future FL race/sick week events and host more Cleetus n Cars events at BMP and the FF.  EDIT: Ken Ostenbridge's email must be PACKED! It kicked back my email after multiple tries.
Get er done cleet. Email sent.
Sent the email out brother, anything I can do to help protect freedom is a win win
I’m calling and emailing  I’m I California but hopefully my call will count!
Won't be able to make it during that meeting, but I'm hoping for the very best!
Where I used to live, we had a 4H Club that one weekend a year would have tractor pulls.  It was that way for at least 20 years.  It was also on the very south end of town near farmland.  A few years ago they voted for it to go away due to noise and now there is no 4H Club anywhere in town.  Instead they moved the High School from the center of town to where the 4H was.
well since im all the way up in the pacific northwest i definitely won't be making it to the meeting but i did go on ahead and email everyone listed above along with the message that's in the quotations and all my contact info in the email as well!, hope this helps
I can tell you, those developers are heavily greasing the politicians hands.  Both directly and indirectly by the tax revenue the county would get from that many homes.  This is an uphill battle and I would start planning a lawsuit against the County of they approve it.  By making the zoning change, it will damage your purchase and improvements to the property as well as future revenues.  Don’t play nice, you’ll get rolled.  Be polite and cordial, but get a lawyer and carry a big stick into this.
Emailed from Wisconsin.  Amazing reading everyone's post's.  Thanks for getting us involved Cleetus!
I cant be there for ya, but I just sent the email. Support from North Dakota!
Email sent! Support from Alaska, we've seen similar issues here as well with urban sprawl mixing with race tracks. Every subscriber needs to take 5 minutes to email their support!
Email sent.  "Do not allow a housing development to go up in such close proximity to a historic race track.  I grew up loving every time my dad would take us to our local speedway.  And on nights we couldn't go I would sit outside on our porch and listen to the cars racing.  As the crow flies we were over 4 miles away.  I could not imagine how 25' tall fence would make any significant difference is someone were living a few hundred yards away.  Sounds like really poor planning if this development gets support.  Thank you for your time."
There are more Karen’s than ever before your battle is larger than ever!!
Email sent dude!
Why do they do that?    If you get rid of the racetracks people WILL street race instead   in a much less safe environment.   Not only for the drivers but the innocent people who want no part of racing.....   This is proven.  Where there's no race track there's unsafe street racing.
Dude.. im straight sad this sucks man ive seen this happen so many times with tracks.
They don't care how long the race tracks been there. Their pockets are being filled to go against your track. Hope yall win
Shuffletown dragway NC Closed for the same reason Unfortunately money talks, and people take bribes. We still have a few small town tracks Shadyside , Grier and Morganton.  Of course Zmax, but it's probably got enough pull to be okay. But the small tracks are in my budget.
Make them buy you out for over 1/2 a billion.
Townsville North Queensland Australia exactly the same & been without a track for nilly 20yrs now. Finally building a new one 50kms out of town. Only closest one’s are 140kms & 380kms away.
Put this on the pain Chanel, it needs the exposure
There's talk of Memphis dragway shutting down. It's a sad thing.
These people don't care about you in any way
This shouldve gone on the main
I sent some Emails. Fingers crossed
I got you brother!! 💪 emails sent!!
If they close these race tracks people are going to street race and it's way safer to keep it at the track
I will email for you. I lived in New York City my whole life. I live in Texas now. But I watched Englishtown raceway in New Jersey die and it was very sad and frustrating. That new Jersey track is where ALL the new York racers came. It was the ONLY track in the whole tri state area. The next closest track was Atco which is wayyy south Jersey and not an easy ride for anyone coming from anywhere in New York. This can't happen to these tracks.
Emailing
Email sent!!!
As a pre-existing use, it seems unfair you'd have to take any action at your expense to ameliorate any impact.
Has anyone ever beat those muthafuckas
cleetus should never not expect from us we gonna fill up the whole 5 blocks cleet we gotchu.
I think it’s important to point out what happens when the tracks go away like street racing illegal car meets ect.
Find Indians bones outside of freedom factory. Shuts down construction.
A Holes
Man this sucks!! I wish you the best of luck
Just buy the development site
Email sent! We will stop this! I love what you do at these tracks and want to see many more years of use I plan to make a trip out to see you at your track very soon!! I am all the way from Washington state and it has been a mission of mine to come out and see your track!! Keep up what you do Cleetus!! We all got your back!!
Smr should be automatically stopped they are destroyers of land everywhere
That track is history all the commissioners care about is the residents and getting more of them
I’m racing. Either it’s on a track or it’s on a road. It’s up to them. Boom! many others out there just like me too. I know it’s silly but before there was a track near, my friends and I would roll race on the interstate nearby. Then a track opened up near us. So, we go there every time we get a chance to race and hang out.
Even my home track, which is out in the middle of nowhere, has homes popping up around. It's crazy.
Cleetus was interested in law school back in the day, so hopefully he can pull something from back in the day
Damn them trying to push /close another track down 👎👎
developers are freaking idiots. they just care about building more homes to sell. They care nothing about us or the people who would buy these homes, just about the $$$. I wire a lot of these homes and I wouldn't give $2 for one! freaking JUNK
guys. listen close. IF ALL FAILS and these houses are built. THE COMMUNITY needs to come together and purchase the homes closest to the racetrack. IMAGINE A CULDESAC FULL OF PROMOD CARS! imagine
Based on my past experience you are screwed. The developers put too much money into the pockets of the politicians and lawyers. They will get their way. It’s sad.
Go to the Supreme Court get some big names to back you.  Buy the land
Post on main channel!!
This is what happens when democrats let a couple million people walk through the border & over populate this great country of ours, soon we will have no where to grow food or have a good time. Thank you America hating liberals
Racetrack lives matter!!!! I OPPOSE
Lock in a noise ordinance for the latest time you can race now. It will be easier now before anything else moves forward.
Email sent. I hope it helps!
Disgusting they would do that
The creature over your right shoulder has at least 10 cats.
Just tell the judge that no matter what. If they pass it and the tracks get shut down. There will be street racing there is no way around it. Happened here in Houston Texas. Sucks but if they don’t want street racing then KEEP THE TRACKS!!!
Wow, to bad. Dang,  you are not going to win. The $ involved are way to much to sway the powers that be. The good news is your followers will support you enough to build a bigger better track
Need to add the kids, pride of ownership, good clean fun for the family, father/kid fix cars, clean hobbies etc.
Hire Lawyers/Investigators to see if any zoning people are getting under the table payments to approve. Also, I agree about environmental impacts, if FLA has any teeth in those Regs and or if a Federal EIS could be brought to bear that would put a major burr in their saddle. Further, if you can enumerate the Economic value of the track with hard provable numbers, that would give more impact to your argument.
they already have all the board members in their pocket.. Good Luck
copied and emailed.
Good luck but unless you payoff the politicians because the developers will be . No sound barrier will make it tolerable Oustide of the Concrete walls used along side super highways that are textured and absorb vibration. Even then the sound will work into the housing area
I think the idea of neighbors having to sign a waiver for noise consistent with that a racetrack  is not actionable  and must be tolerated is a great idea.
I BEG YOU TO DRESS LIKE YOU ARE A LAWYER!!!! I promise you that they feel very disrespected when you show up in a freaking t-shirt and a hat... seriously you were going to be a lawyer and you thought it was smart to dress like that. I'm not hating on you,  I'm telling you something very simple that does matter.  I pray that you win this because you are keeping racing alive and thriving but I'm telling you that all the videos of you flying down city streets are going to be used against you and they will use everything you have done on video to shut you down because your business will not outweigh the tax money and the money from all the new construction and new businesses coming in from 4,000 new homes x's 2 to 7 new people per home, jobs spending, taxes from the new business.  I really think you should fight really hard but I would start cleaning up everything that has to do with the tracks and make damn sure your patrons are respecting the area.  Brother I will definitely email on behalf of you for sure but I really hope you start making some changes 🙏
I deal with land development throughout Florida for several large investment groups and I'll give you the short take on how Manatee County is going to do this.  The only question that will matter in the end.....Do the race tracks bring in or generate as much 'reoccurring' annual revenue for the county that the residential development will?  The short answer is, no, not even close.  History, tradition, and all the other points you made about the tracks are irrelevant to these people. This is all about the money this new development can bring to the county and all the pet projects the County Commissioners can fund with that windfall.  Manatee is not unique, almost all Florida cities and counties operate the same way.  Unless you can find some sort of legal hole in this development (Ex. endangered species or state protected wetlands impacts) that you and your attorneys can exploit and file suit over, the planning board will likely approve this application.  Once they do, the County Commissioners will then very likely approve it using the planning board as cover.  And you're right, once it makes its way out of Manatee County, Tallahassee will simply rubber stamp it.  I wish you the absolute best of luck with this because you're also 100% right in that a development of that size will likely kill both race tracks over time.
Sad…but true…the County stands to gain +$50million/year in property tax revenue if they let the new 4800 development proceed.   They are doing the same math on Siesta Key with higher density hotels.
Go Cleetus‼️‼️‼️
Email sent! We gotta keep these tracks open
do i have to email it to all those people?
Neat
Literally the cause of death of 2 tracks here in the PA in the last 2 years.
Email sent.  One point that people also need to consider. Some people may not care about motorsports facilities at all. Sooner or later though, this same thing will happen to a facility that they do care about. If they would like help when their facility is at risk, they need to pay it forward and help us protect the motorsports we love and the facilities that host these events.
If they were to build maybe custom homes with large garages/shops that gear heads would want. And possibly a private road directly to the track. Make the Neigbor race themed in some way.
Done Brother I do recommend posting on both channels you need to reach as many people as possible. So when these commissioners wake up to 2 million emails they will cancel the hearing and tell the builders they would have a better chance building in Alaska. 😆
I just moved out of Massachusetts because this all has concluded and there are no tracks. This is agenda 2030 part of the United Nations takeover and there is back door attache cases full of cash for all the city and county councilors that approve this and that's all they care about. I've seen these old fart retired people get on plan and commissions and they literally take the Paola and die a few years later and permanently alter the United States of America away from freedom and personal property rights. I am an expert on this whole deal watching it all happen real time to where it could not be stopped and I just had to evacuate to northern Idaho up where grind hard plumbing is and timberline snowbike and timberline helicopters were heavy d had his chassis reinforcements done
You need Whistle Diesel there too Bro!!❤💪🏼💪🏼🔥🔥🔥
Done!
For an example they built walls on both sides of 95 all over and the road noise can still be heard. That’s just normal traffic not even close to what race cars would sound like. You should bring up this example in the meeting!
This shit always happens
I feel like they should have to pay for the burm if it is needed seeing as it wouldn't be needed if they weren't building there
What a joke that you can get pushed right out of your own land. Something needs done about this. They closed Kentucky lake speedway to build an interstate!
I feel like there is a lot of money involved in the commissioners.
Thumbs up and comment for the logarithm.  Email sent.
Could you imagine thousands of cleeter fans living next to the racetrack?
They will make a few million off those homes every year. Probably no way to stop this considering how much they will make for the city and in my opinion I’d imagine someone’s pockets getting lined in someway shape or form.
Email sent. "Hey Yea, Brother"
I'm not from Florida but we lost KCIR in this fashion. Email sent.  Hopefully everyone keeps it respectful. RIP their inboxes
They are getting paid is why it passes 5 to 1 commission will do the same. Find the company buy some of the land
Buy the land cleet ! Build something cool on it !
@whistlindiesel
If there was any way I could speak virtually, I would. If it weren't for channels and tracks like yours, I probably wouldn't be here right now. Not only do the tracks bring in money ( Your merch even brings money to the county in a roundabout way ) and people, they help some people to be something better than they were before.
sent
Looks to me like another woke attempt to stop the gas and oil engine plus greed.
Email sent brother!
Dude please put on main channel so more people see it.
I completely understand how you feel and it makes me nervous for both you and the drag-strip. I’ve seen too many times where tracks can’t start until a certain time and stop at a certain time putting an absolute impossible time frame. Because they can’t get the show in consistently it just kills the car count. Good luck I hope for the best.
Hi, I'm watching ur amazing content from France,  can I send emails to save the racetrack? Like if I put my french address it will work? Thanks !
Good bye cletus
No, this is garbage. They pulled this crap up here in NJ and then after building homes next to the drag strip the residents complained about the noise and eventually pushed the largest track in the area out. Any fan of drag racing has likely heard or been to Englishtown Raceway as it had NHRA, they had Diesel Nationals, they had so many great events from racing to monster trucks and jet cars and its all gone because people moved into a house next to an existing drag strip then used their power to shut it down like they had been there forever and the track was the newcomer. Its garbage and if there's nothing in written assurances to prevent it they will absolutely buy the homes knowing full well what they are next to then go full force to close the tracks. Oh and once they shuttered the tracks, the same developers swooped in, got a sweet deal from the track because they had put the owners in such a terrible spot and built more houses...
Cleet you should just buy all the land
These home developers are ruthless, they purposely build these suburb projects next to race tracks, factories, ect... knowing that the people who move in will throw a shit fit and said developers end up being able to buy the land for pennies on the dollar to build more houses and fill their pockets
Upvote if you think Cleeter should run for Mayor!!!
Send letters friends 😎🤙🏿
Emails sent! I'm sick of developers getting rich throwing up neighborhoods next door to facilities, forcing them out of business slowly so they can buy up the land cheap when you can't comply with the residents unfounded "right" to stop you from making the same noise you always have.
Can we do anything from Australia?
I live 20 miles from Ozark raceway park in Fordland Missouri and on a still summer evening I can hear the cars from my house   they will vote for whatever gives them the most consistent revenue  and the most control. (property tax)
Classic case of corrupt government destroying the livelihoods of people for the benefit of developers for a heavy "donation".
Find out which commissioners "family" got kickbacks from the builder. ALWAYS follow the money
I live in Manatee County and emailed all the commissioners today!
You should have a break down of what money you bring into the town, the people who stay in hotels, eat at the restaurants, get their mountain dews at the gas station. Included with the taxes you pay on admission sales and whatever permits you pay. And don’t forget the people who ppv and send you money that is taxed by the state of Florida. Also a list of local contractors and what you’ve paid your electrician plumber painter landscaper paver. Those are all people directly effected by the track. Not to mention the employees of the cleetus fans. I’ll sign the petition from New York
This exact thing happened in my home town with the dragstrip and the race trac, they came and built house all around it and complained about the noise. then shut them down.
Email sent from NC. Keep up the fight!
I live in .ass idk how to support but I will
Email sent to those named.  We will fight for you any way possible!
the best thing for you to do is if it gets rejected is buy the land so it can't be done again at a later date
Sent them an email. Hopefully they do their job and listen to the interest of the people.
Emails have been sent to all emails in the description, and I’ve shared this link to my all of my racing buddies.  Keep fighting the good fight!  I’ve only been able to get  to BMP (and the gate of the FF) all the way from Maine only one time, but I want to be able to go back for the rest of my life!
Don't worry we got your back!
Urban sprawl has killed or severely diminished many long standing operations like racetracks and rural airports because shady developers don't care who they hurt by moving in a bunch of city people who haven't bothered to learn anything about the area and don't care about the impact of their presence on the rest of the local people and businesses. To most of them, your livelihood means less than them having to deal with the minor inconvenience of a little noise or traffic. It makes zero difference to them how long you have been there or that they are the intruders. It's really a lot like city people encroaching on wildlife habitats and blaming the animals when something happens. I hope the decision makers will make the right choice and not allow the zoning change.
We need to get Elon musk to buy the land and build a racetrack to test his Tesla’s and have it open for the public as a road course.
@CleetusM     My Letter to the above addressed. To: the above members addressed,  I grew up in southeast Florida. Stuart, Jensen beach / Martin County and visited the Desoto speed way a few times over the years. And I am proud of what Garrett Mitchell of Manatee County has been able to do with that property in just a few short years. I work in the Architectural and development fields. I deal with zoning departments in many states. That zoning buffer from R100 to A1 Agricultural was established for a reason. But more over those racetracks next to the proposed new development and subsequent zoning change area have been there for 50+ years. They have a set Precedent. And a legal history. If you vote for this zoning change and to allow this new development next to the tracks. You are knowingly voting to disrupt the future businesses and use of those tracks in the near and long term.   That is why Oppose this application PA-21-09/ Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive plan map and text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048 But more over will support Garrett Michell and other involved parties on his side to fight this application and support them bringing legal action to oppose this application.  Thank you for your time,  John    (I did include full name and address)  Of course everyone's message will be different. If you live in this county don't be afraid to let them know you vote.  And I will buy some merch to support any action you take Garrett to defend your property and business!     Hell yeah brother!
You are going up against corporations and/or developers that are blinded by the amount of money they can make,and believe me,its ALOT. ITS GOING TO TAKE EVERY SINGLE ONE OF US TO DEFEAT THIS,because the powers that be quite often have a insentive(AKA IF IT PASSES,THEY ALL GET A BENIFET OF SOME SORT). I am a accountant for a(VERY BIG) developer,and I have often asked where the hell did all this money go??, I was told dont worry about that,its all good. I am very concerned because I know how these things go - at the end of the day "he who has the gold,makes the rules."
I live 7 miles from Raceway Park in NJ, the drag strip closed down back in 2018 after 53 years of operation. They blame it on lack of participation due to fuel and tire prices. I believe it was more to do with people complaining.
Maybe buying all of that land should be a purchase soon
The problem is they don’t care about you guys. They want all that money from the home owners on taxes. All they see is money. They just eminent domain my friends house in a crowded area of Tampa Florida for “redevelopmen”. They have multimillion dollar funds to throw cash around and they don’t care. It’s terrible. Either don’t put people there or pay to rehome the tracks.
Done... some are blocking the emails though.
I suspect those ppl might all be eating from that big pile of land, so yeah, this needs big reach to succeed. E: best of luck, from half way around the world. Would sure suck seeing the "freedom factory" gone, just cause of greedy "entrepreneurs".
Always about money. Somebody getting paid or receiving donations
You forget to mention the hundreds.. if not thousands of people who have somewhere to race.. somewhere to take their family... That very well may end up ON THE STREET if the track gets closed... They will end up on the street where they will continue to race. But they won't continue to just race.. they will race in places where they will not only put themselves, but innocent people's live at risk. This isn't a maybe. This is an unfortunate promise.
Same thing happened in Nanaimo BC Canada. The city grew around Grandview Bowl and it was shut down. Cassidy Speedway was built in the middle of nowhere in the bush to replace Grandview Bowl and it operated for years before people started building homes near it. The new owners whined about the noise and Cassidy Speedway was shut down. Still breaks my heart to see the grown-over ruins of the best clay track, mud drag strip and go-cart race track I've personally been to.
Exactly how we lost rocky mountain raceway here in Utah but ultimately the owners that inherited the property at the end thought they could make a quick buck selling it for condo development rather than fight for the track. It absolutely gutted me and months later you announced the purchase of the freedom factory and gave me hope that with the additional support of ppv and YouTube etc. There could be a thriving track for me to visit there one day. If I could I would be there in my freedom construction shirt holding my little jar of asphalt to show how much I care about this project.
I have a feeling someone’s inbox is going to blow up. I sent my email. Our local track is on tribal land, even though housing has been built pretty close, since a native tribe owns the land, it sort of protects the track. Keeping it profitable is the challenge. My friend used to live about a mile away in that housing area, and even with the track built lower than the surrounding ground, he could still hear the dragsters, jet cars and funny cars. While I was watching the races he would text me from his house “what the hell was that and what was the time?” Lol
Man this absolutely sucks! I'm not a resident of Florida but I'm hoping by sending the email it doesn't fall on deaf ears or unread. We in New Jersey had raceway park closed down for this very reason! Racing is an American past time and wonderful sport that needs to be preserved for future generations.
Fuck the homes build another track
I emailed them. I came down from Missouri last year and will come again in the future. If you haven't emailed them, please do.
Garret, bring up NCM Motorsport park as an example. They have a decibel limit there and houses are about a half mile away. Please look into this
DONE 🏁✅
The county does NOT give a F about you. All they give a S about is money money money they want the tax revenue. You WILL be stomped out of business. AGAIN they DONT care about you its all about greed
I sent all of them a email
I worked at a drag strip and when doing bigger events we would get complaints from _miles_ away.  Your right having 4000x2 taxpayers and voters complaining about the race tracks will be a slow death by administration and regulation. Once the houses are in place then the safety and environmental concerns will begin rolling from all the Karens. You might need to think about suing the speculators/developers because after the home builders are bought in you've lost.
Email sent
Ol cleeter just released team macfarland on the county. Grabbing popcorn...
Middletown New York race track is suppose to be closing
Englishtown, New Jersey. Period.
Lakewood Ranch is already building neighborhoods within earshot of the tracks. Wait till those idiots start complaining..
The southern half of Florida already has little to no racetracks of any kind anymore. Outside of the major professional tracks of Sebring and Homestead, Palm Beach Raceway is gone, Immokalee Regional Raceway isn't built for big events, our only dirt track with Hendry County Motorsports Park seems to be doing ok but it's honestly hard to tell, 4-17 Southern Speedway has an unknown future with the airport trying to buy it, then there's you guys in Bradenton with BMP and the Freedom Factory, and that's all there is before you get into the Tampa area. It's sad to see.
My local track, Sacramento Speedway has been fighting this for years. I suggest that the people that may possibly move in have to sign an acknowledgement form. I had to sign one in northern California because I purchased my home in a rural area saying I wouldn't complain about farm sounds & sounds..
Going to be tuff to stop.. They want the tax revenue and infrastructure homie. Need to find a way to bring them revenue they have available to them thru this new development
Get a good lawyer and start lining the pockets of the local politicians.
Oh no! You made a great argument!
have a group line up outside the commissioners and 2step to show how loud they are and that a wall no matter how tall is not going to do anything.
Completed - emailed everyone.
Got us a case of yellerstone gotta divert the river!
ON IT !!!!
America! let's all go to Florida and rip it up.
Can the track be designated as a historical site?  Just a thought.
We got this
4500 homes.  X 5000 per year for taxes...  How do you think they will vote.    Best case is get them to develop light industrial shopping up against the track.
Emails sent!
My family lives about 10 miles and still can hear the cars at the freedom factory when there is an event (no one is complaining) a 25ft wall ain't gonna do jack shit...  We support you Cleeter, let the freedom ring.
You have to bring up the fact that w reckless driving and street racing will grow exponentially
Please video the next hearing
Get a attorney and file a petition and request a bunch of surveys on environmental and business & neighborhood impacts and get a sign petition and get public to fight with you. The power is in your hands I pray 🙏 you win FF forever
Same thing happens at military bases. They buy houses next to the airfield and then bitch about the jet noise. Such bullshit.
Email sent!
I sent emails from all 3 of my accounts, let’s hope this goes well!
The race tracks always get fucked. We have to fight this!
Let’s start a go fund me and you buy 2700 acres lol
if if goes through. you might just have to buy all the houses they sell. then rent them.
Emails sent. Thanks for the excellent work you put into preserving and promoting Motorsport.
Manatee is blowing up! I hope they don’t trash the love
We need this to be shared everywhere!!! We can not let this die! I am from Arizona. I will be emailing!!!!
email sent to all addresses
got my vote brother!
I live 4 miles from a local track that is down a highway and on the otherside of an at least 200ft wooded hill. There are still nights that I hear the cars going around that track. To think a 25ft wall will block someone from hearing those 2 tracks from less than a 1/4 away is just ridiculous. Hopefully the people that make the calls think this through and make the right choices.
I'm from the UK, anyone got an address I can put down? Got the email ready to go
4500 homes??! what's the average home worth 500k?  deep pockets
What's sad is we could get 300k people there to say vote no and don't approve it yet it will still be approved just because it's a money grab and it'll put money in the boards pockets and that's all they care about. Typical government BS. Look at the Rolla speedway where nascar even use to race got shutdown because they decided to build homes near it. Then here in the last couple years a group tried to move forward and renovate the track and open it back up and still got shutdown because of these people who moved in next to a racetrack and knew what they were instore for yet being Karen's and complaining they still won. It'd so sad
Hell yeah brother so sorry about that that's ignorant
Local governments don’t want people street racing but they keep shutting down all the race tracks
One of the 7 already blocked their email lets go
Sent an email, hope it helps
If this goes to the state. Time to protest.
Lost my local track to homes
Could you find partners buy the land make a dirt track and mud bog pit
This is what killed Englishtown. Legendary strip in NJ. Basically nowhere else to go anywhere close now.  I get wanting expansion for more homes, but more homes also brings more traffic. Even if the race tracks weren’t a thing, those 4500 homes will bring in MUCH more vehicle traffic. This harms everyone as it increases travel times, expands emergency services coverage, increases road traffic in the area which also decreases the life of the roadways, and increases accident risk. What Bradenton SHOULD be doing if they wish to add more housing, is instead take that space and add just a little bit to it if multistory town homes or apartments. This will limit the amount of space needed while adding room for a few thousand residents as well. Not only that, but it will keep them still plenty far away from the racetrack, and it doesn’t bind anyone down into a mortgage to a home near a racetrack. If the people renting there don’t like it, they can leave after their lease is up no problem. It also encourages bringing in more younger people vs older. Younger people stimulate the economy of a town better than older people. They are also much more likely to be ok with hearing the race track a little bit. Bottom line is the racetracks drum up tons of business for the town, and it will only improve. Whereas the housing will also do that as people move in, however it will be trading agricultural zoning and keeping a cornerstone location of the town (the racetracks), for more suburban housing that really isn’t even necessary. There is PLENTY of farmland near the tracks. I get that the owners of the land want to do it so it’s where their land is, but the town should recognize that it isn’t needed in that area and that it will harm the business of the track. They should tell them if they’d like to build homes, to try and acquire property in a different area where it won’t affect any businesses or suffer from disturbances. It’s not like that section of land is the last remaining open land anywhere in the area. Tell the owners to look for another area and buy that, then sell the land next to it to you and the drag strip so you can secure a perimeter of safety around the track
I sent them an email I hope they get all these emails and put a stop to it. You got my vote.
They don't care.  All they see are property taxes and donations from the developers.  Laguna Seca has, I think, 10 unlimited noise days a year.  John Wayne International Airport can't take off and land during certain hours.  I'm surprised there's still racing at Pomona.  I know you can hear the Top Fuel beasts from the houses a few blocks away.  Good luck and start writing campaign donation checks.
D: this is just like out here in orange county they want to take down Cooks corner a place that goes back to the 1800s here in california. because its a big biker bar its eye sore but its one of the only major historical areas left out there. they want malls and all this stuff and just bulldoze a historic trade post from the wild west days. PLEASE FOLKS SAVE FF if I could afford to id drive across the usa to be there
Email sent, go get ‘em!
Email has been sent. We've lost too many race tracks to projects just like this. They are the backbone of grassroots racing in America and racing across the globe wouldn't be the same without them.
Here in Victoria Canada,w e just lost our racetrack this summer for the exact same reason. Track built in 1956 and was in the absolute sticks. Typical case of urban sprawl, development, new neighborhoods, clear cut the trees therefore removing the sound barrier, histrionic track is gone 😢. I applaud anyone who takes the little amount of time needed to make their voice heard! Racing isn’t going anywhere. It’ll change to alternative power source vehicles (whether you like it or not) but people will always need a place to compete in a safe atmosphere!
I will gladly email.
Emailed the city Brother!!!
Email sent out! We all support you Cleet. Hoping for the best.
Email sent. Included all contact info including phone number. I am fully behind this, I have seen so many tracks close due to urban development in my life and would hate for you to have to fight that down the road with a growing track.
It's all about tax money. Those homes mean HUGE tax money.
I just sent a lengthy email to every member of that board with the exact info listed here.
Emails have been sent brother. Can’t tell you how much me and my wife enjoyed spectator drags! I hate to see anything come up to impact your phenomenal business you have running. You at least have a lot of support from your channels!
I just sent them an email from each person in my household (4). COME ON FOLKS WE NEED 1 MILLION EMAILS!
Or, You buy them out after it is approved.  It's simple. You let them get it approved. You them create the winners circle of circle track, drag strip race, and jetboat racing all on 3 to 5
It was a good run Cleetus but you are fucked
Done
I got you brother. I do not want to see the Bradenton Motorsports Park or the Freedom Factory fall victim to urban development as so many others have.
Whos the BUM that gave this video a thumbs down?  Shameful
Email sent, hopefully it helps.
how to get 50,000 people meet and greet after
Best of luck, your up to the big thumb of a government.  💯❤
Sent!   Keep up the good work brother!
Also the wonder why people race on public streets and do donuts in the traffic mediums because the close down places for these people to go! Just thought of this I would definitely bring that up!!!!!
Id love to support in anyway I can. A racetrack that I go to quite often in Bonne Terre Mo was actually having similar issues earlier this year. People had built homes next to the track then started to complain about the noise. Last I heard the mayor was holding meetings with home owners and the track owner. I'm pretty sure the track is staying for now but I understand the issue you're having. I hope it works out for you. I really want to come out to the Freedom Factory someday
Emails sent. Best of luck brother!
I got you man I sent in my emails I hope it helps
If they shut us down turn it to a land fill. 😂
I’m coming 💯
This was the same way we saw the death of Englishtown NJ.
Here in Victoria, Australia this is exactly what happend to our race tracks/drag strip's developers where allowed to build  next to them.
I've emailed all 7 people listed. Hoping everyone else does as well. Praying it helps. I was at FF Saturday night for spectator drags and had a great time.
Best of luck keeping them away. This would definitely be terrible for the tracks. Hoping for the best outcome!
Tough break my friend pencil pushers have long dollars
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ It's all about the money! Who's the developer? I guarantee they are already making moves to shut down the racing. It will come from Washington DC and be pushed by politicians with well greased hands. Lawyer up and prepare for war.
I feel for you brother.  If I thought a guy from the other side of the worlds opinion would make a difference I’d come show up, but I’ll definitely send an email.😢
Need to look for “campaign contributions“ from this housing developer to the elected officials
This was the demise of Englishtown's oldbridge raceway park. People complained, track rules kept getting stricter, only muffled cars after certain times, etc. Eventually the owners gave up and the dragstrip shut down.
Everyone please email or show up.
Oh man. Good luck. The developers just want to cash in. Hopefully the city cannot handle the sewer, water, fire, police demands of this monster.
Cleet the new John Dutton 🇺🇸🇺🇸
i really wish i knew earlier im trying to book a flight from MA
Buy that land.
You got my support! Email sent.
I sent a email. I’m not sure if today is good or if I needed to wait until Thursday. If someone knows, could you let me know? I’m from Oklahoma and would love to help any way I can. I’ve been watching Cleetus from the beginning of the channel and it would break my heart to see either track her shutdown after all the hard work they put in for the racers and the fans.
If all else fails "find" some endangerd animals at the housing site.
Email sent 😎
I would suggest a street takeover so maybe that bitch who smile each time you talked about loosing the track would understand what's coming for them after they close it. I really hope that you will be able to fight this, and if someone is able to, it will be you. But I really do believe that bigger power are planning those kind of thing and that 4500 housing worth more for the pencil sucking dickhead so I don't see it not be done. All I really hope for is that people will stand there the day they gonna plan to destroy the FF, Canadian Freedom Convoy style. Fighting those people with with pen and paper ain't gonna work. 1 because they are soulless and 2 because they control that pen and paper. If it ever come to it just don't forget that there's other way to fight for freedom Garett. Good Luck.
building homes next to any industry is idiotic; I worked for a large brewery that neighbored a "new" residential development, once families moved in, a deluge of complaints (smell, & noise) came pouring in. I was the 3rd shift brewer, & I became very familiar with the local police department; they (the responders) were cool AF, had to show up to appease the complainant(s).
Is there a way to collectively sign a   e document with names and contact numbers to help show support???  Im in canada and want to help.  What can i do?  Ideas??
Have lost tracks here in Michigan because of this same thing.  Only thing that could possibly help is if it's put in writing that the tracks can't be forced to close or restrict the time they can operate  anyone that approves this plan should be made to live in the new neighborhood and reimburse the owners of the tracks foe ant lost income if they are forced to close later on.
Also if it does pass and impact your track would legal action be of any use ??
Done. Sent it to every one of em.
Don’t worry Cleet. Drafting my email now. Will CC you
Done, Emailed all.  Keep up the great thing you do!!!!!
Can we whistling diesel this shit and all show up? Asking for a friend btw
Get the Governor, contact state and local reps. Cleetus, the Freedom Factory IS Florida!
The same thing happens to airports.  People move next to an airport and complain about the noise from the aircraft.  People are dumb.
Buy it!!
Cleetus, I feel bad for you all because this stinks of politics.  If you think this through like a chess match their ultimate goal is to build those 4500 homes with the end goal of running you out of business so they can buy your land and build more homes.  Home owners are worth more to them than your businesses and your customers.   Very sad because you have poured yourself into your track.  I wish you all the best!
Best of luck with it Cleet let's hope loads of people show up 👌🤙💯🙏
Edit: I got it out to all 7 brother.  From Fayetteville, NC my track Fayetteville Motor Speedway got closed down last year.   McFarland real estate company has a good ring. Sell all the houses to race fans.
Done,   The same thing happens at airports, even though the airports were built first.
I got you.  I’ll send the emails tonight.
WD vibes… but save our race tracks & race cars!
It has been happening the same thing here in New Zealand where homes are getting built by race tracks and people start going about the noise and then the tracks get closed because of them people who built and buy homes near the race tracks and i want to come over to see the ff track to be watching an event
As a land owner, I should have the right to do what I want with my land as long as I'm not infringing on others' rights. Doesn't matter if I own a racetrack or want to build residential housing.  Building the home doesn't infringe on rights. Operating a racetrack doesn't infringe on rights. Preventing me from building the home does infringe on my rights. Shutting down a racetrack infringes on those rights.  Fight the people infringing on your rights and simply building homes doesn't do that. Preventing them from doing so, does.   Murica, right Cleet?
Bring Whistlin diesel there
Email sent 👍
Man if they do end up building houses there I’m buying one!!!!!! 😅
I am sending emails now, this is the least I can do for you for the entertainment you provide for so many, good luck and God bless you brother
Email sent! Hopefully this all works out for you guys! Keep on shredding!
Bandimere can't do events past midnight it's not that late but it's a good time to end events
Done! Email sent
This why you were asking for Rons help few months back??
We lost two drag strips to this BS. IF someone is going to spend six to seven figures  on a home, it’s up to THEM to do their due diligence. Don’t like loins sounds? Then don’t move in next to a race track, Einstein. 🙄
I sent the email, good luck cleeter.
Can out of country folks email and oppose this ?
The bad thing is Your county employees are working hand in hand basically against the wishes of everyone in the county. I'm sure they get plenty of kick backs etc. Planning commission is the detriment of the citizens. All they're looking for is to turn every bare piece of land into highly taxed properties.
Money talks the current land owners are just wanting to cash in to some greedy developer, start a fund me page and buy the land then you can lease it out only to agriculture problem solved..
We have a dirty track in our town every Saturday night during the season sometime you hear it I'd the wind blows the right way sometimes you don't but everyone deals with it and don't try to kill it. .I go once or twice during the season!
That was a powerful speech
Done!
And not only will end up getting the track shut down but this country is going to need you guys to have that farmland I'll be praying for you guys
Live out in Pasco County and my girlfriend and I are gonna make the trip to the meeting. I grew up going to this track and seeing it rot away for as long as has was so sad. Then out of all people you purchased it and completely transformed it to its full potential. To see it get potentially taken out by a housing project that was never attempted while it was abandon or not doing as good now get thrown at you after you've put millions of dollars into it, absolutely not okay. Just sent an email in as well
I'm assuming because I'm in the UK I shouldn't eMail in. But believe me, if anyone can get the people to arrive, it will be you.
4500 new homes and families gona beat a hometown race track i wish you all the luck but the hands have already been greased and pockets lined get ready for a fight.
Lost 2 local tracks because of stuff like this 😪
Email sent from CA Good luck brother.
Look up Oswego Speedway in Oswego, NY. Hard to believe there is a city in NY even that supports its local track. And u hear it throughout the entire city on race night. The cool part is city embraces it and knows its a huge part of the local economy!
Let’s not forget about all of the revenue that tourist coming from all over bring into the area with hotels shopping food etc. give them an idea of tax money lost. That’s all governments care about
Good luck
This how a lot of race tracks get shut down. What a shame I hope he can beat them.
That place is gonna be packed.
Me living in Louisiana I know if i signed and voted to oppose this it isn't going to help.  Everyone who possibly can NEEDS to either show up or sign to oppose this!  I grew up 10 miles away from a dirt circle track that is one of the highest regarded tracks in the country.  From that distance, 100 year old forests,  large rolling hills in south eastern Pennsylvania, you could hear the track clear as day.
I wish this was on the main channel.
We need to pack the meeting with as many people as possible support cleetus and the Bradenton motor sports  park
Thank you
Racers need to flood to that town and BUY EVERY DAMN THING!!! Beat them at their own game, build our own paradise! VIVA LA FREEDOM FACTORYVILLE!!
I love the fact that this man is standing in what he believes in as well as keeping us entertained. Hopefully they don’t approve it. I also love the fact that this man showed up in Cletus merch with hat on as well while everyone else is in a suit and tie. That’s badass man. You got to stand for what you believe in.
I oppose!
Well shit
Good Lord these are the things destroying America
Just sent my emails
Done
Ask the people coming on Thursday to bring a donation to the local food bank or spca or something similar.
This deserves to be on the main channel.
25' sound abatement fence:  meet hurricane.  that ain't gonna work.
These commissioners have never had as many emails as they are about to have. If I live in the USA I’d email them all for you cleet!
This kills all types of tracks including  Nascar tracks
Sent each one an email. Our only local track here in Williamson, NY is failing for the same reason, people build/buy houses next to a race track and then sue the track into oblivion. And yes, they will hear it. I grew up in a house that was just over 4 miles as the crow flies from the track and we could hear it every weekend in the summer, loved that sound. Stand up for it or lose it.
Those dirty politicians 😭 they ruin everything. Some rich guy bought the land, and is now having his buddies get it rezoned. Sad man.
cletus can u buy sum of the land urself???
Take this to the main channel!
Another sad part about this topic, is everyone on these boards are paid for. This will happen
@whistlen diesel
They must not be allowed to defeat the bald eagles.
I can not personally attend however i did send an email to every individual listed, Save the Tracks...... LETS GO
Time to use that partial law degrees lol.
Everyone whos ever been to one of your races owes it to you to blow this up
Whisalindiesle needs to do his how
By building those homes and closing the tracks you they create more street takeovers. People will turn to street takeovers or illegal street racing as an alternative. They will be endangering the lives of innocent people as a result. 500+ horsepower is a lot, no one wants to see a 2000+ horsepower car coming at them at full speed.
Done! The Freedom Factory and the drag strip must continue to live on!
hopefully my email went through and that helps you out gerret your great guy love your videos
That blows, Karen invasion good luck. Had a 80 acre plot next to me get developed. 90 percent Johnsons.
Shutting down the tracks will encourage street racing and decrease public safety. What bullshit.
Did a great job Cleetus!
Email sent Cleetus. Hopefully our voices help out!
It's a wildlife refuge...just a thought.. Propose it is a nature's refuge..
Make it a requirement to be a car enthusiast in order to move in
That's fine we'll just race on the street
I personally emailed every single person on the list opposing this. I hope it helps! Wish you guys the best of luck and pray this doesn’t make it through. I absolutely love this channel it is by far my favorite on YouTube. I will do my best to help
A respectful email was just sent to every local official you had listed. I'm from a small town a few miles from Gettysburg pa. We had our local strip closed 12 years ago due to a new development. 75/80 was an 1/8 mile track that had been around since the 60's. I'll be damned if I sit around and watch them try to do the same to Bradenton and the Freedom Factory!
Cleetus how you bring up the people build ung those homes pay to build wall watchbiwfastit will stip
Email sent - Wishing you the best for the outcome.
I can respect you presenting and expressing yourself in an eloquent way in front of the commission during public comment. For what it's worth, the developers at a minimum owe you a visit to discuss and see if y'all can come to a resolution. I hope for the best for y'all and hope that they find another area to develop in, or come to a mutual resolution for coexisting. Best of luck Garret!
Last thing florida needs is more development of houses only vacationers can afford to buy.
I sent the email hope it helps! From dunnellon use to live in Sarasota!!! Hopefully y’all make it through this hard to fight developers especially if the county thinks they can make more money from the taxes even though you bring in a good economical aspect to manatee county!
Everyone read description. Takes a couple minutes.. send an email
Hour away from grandma's winter home. I almost came to the last Christmas race. They better like racecars if they live there. I mean y'all don't race late would fix it.
Welcome to California!!!
If you can get that area all zoned as industrial some how to prevent housing
A racetrack can not be built near a residential area, so why can a residential area be built near a racetrack? 🤨
Florida men its time to unite! Save our RACETRACKS!  Id be there... But im in MN.
I live right up the street and the proposed developments in the area are absolutely insane. I need to get my ass out and start speaking up before we turn into a traffic jam nightmare.
Of course 4 out of 5 approved this step. Follow the money.
I will buy one of the houses by the track… that’s very convenient for me lol
Emails have been sent from northwest Ohio. My area has seen issues with new housing near our dirt racks. It’s a shame.
its what happened where i live the houses started to be built closer and closer to the race track until the complaint started to emerge and they forced the shutdown of the track
Anyone whose able please go and show your support at the next meeting. I’d gladly be there if I was local.
My local track in Sacramento, CA (Sacramento Raceway) is on its last year's or year. It's been on the outskirts of the city but they've been building homes closer and closer and now they've  been complaining about the sound for years. Track is going to close down and be turned into a housing development
Let’s buy it. As subscribers let’s divide, and conquer. Let’s keep that piece of ground a wildlife refuge.
Be ready to purchase the property closest to the track!
sent from ND
Not gonna lie, I would be perfectly okay with living right next to a race track. Also, didn’t something like this happen to Laguna Seca and they had to limit track use?
This is exactly what happened to our track in Kansas City (KCIR). Yes it was a very slow death to the track. Eventually the tracks will be shut down. I sincerely hope we are able to get this denied.
Damn dude sorry to hear that I am a former Tampa resident and was a frequent visitor to that drag strip. The berm proposal is just so they can get it passed they know damn well that is not going to make it quiet enough for residents and they don't care. That developer is only concerned with their pockets and nothing else. They already know exactly what will happen down the road.
This is happening all over Florida, rural areas are being over developed and no upgrades to surrounding infrastructure, these politicians will approve anything to get some money in their pockets.
Sadly, this has happened hundreds of times with the same result. The Karen’s living in the homes win, and the racetracks lose. They typically just drain you with lawsuits until you have to shut down. I hope it’s different this time.
If not you could always end up like Los Angeles with all the takeovers and street racing😆😆😆🍻
Email Sent
Hey brother can’t copy paste from description on an iPhone. Can we get a pinned comment
I'm currently dealing with a similar situation I live in Florida just south of Jacksonville in a little community called Fruitcove which is basically  just on the southern side of Duval County in St. Johns County my community is on Fruitcove Rd which actually runs along the shores of the St. Johns river this area has been zoned ag. For over 70 years it's your typical quiet community with huge live Oaks and big lots that go to the river and now there's a huge Real Estate developer trying to get our zoning changed so they can build high rise condominiums along the river and ruin this quiet beautiful community that's been here for over a 100 years its very disgusting.
where is the enviromental impact study and also look up the sierra club... hire a lawyer now.  I am from hawaii and these two things stop alot of home construction and planning.
I have a home in Punta Gorda Idles and i can hear the circle track racing across from Punta Gorda airport that at least 5 miles away so yes, they are going to hear you loud and clear
Just making this guy richer that’s all ridiculous
Emails have been sent i wish i could go to flordia to show my support but im stuck at work i hope this helps and i hope we win these cases
You and an a group of other investors need to purchase that land and turn it into an M1 concourse type of facility.  Or work with the developer to turn an eyesore into an asset by making a combined motorsports park with condos.
Commenting for the algorithm
I guess 4,500 of us need to buy some houses
And tell everyone you know!
Only one way to deal with it. Buy all the property!!!
Get whislin diesel
Good luck, brother. I wrote to all 6 respectfully.
They have no idea the amount of people that are going to be sending them messages and showing up
I think you're screwed City wants the tax revenue from the new homes money talks b******* walks
Email sent brother!
I will never understand why someone would move near a track and not want the sounds
I PRAY you pull this off Garret. These sorts of developers need to be stopped otherwise soon, america will have like 6 tracks total. The amount of tracks, both historic and not, that have been shutdown due to this urban development is staggering. I really hope all your local fans can make it and show support and force the hand of thr council members. It sucks when you go up against non car people. They just don't understand and dont even try
So they want you to build a wall up to25 feet but the border is gonna be opened wide up in less the 8 days lmfao what’s wrong with the country.
Say no more brother,  E-mails have been sent.  If we can help in any other ways just say the word.  I know i'll do what i can.
The developers should be responsible for any noise abatements.
Me and my husband will be righting them all.
Maybe you could find some former track owners that had this happen to them or are going through it to help out
We’re in colorado bandimere has issues with a dang ol highway between them and the track.
That’s what killed my favorite dirt track, good luck.
@Cleetus2 McFarland I just sent my email. I live in Pa right now but grew up in Sarasota county and spent many nights at both tracks. I hope this helps in some way.
I hate our government nowadays, it's a blood sucking, greedy vampire that just want to interfere with people's lives and happiness. They feed on lives and happiness for the sake of greed.
DONE. Hope you the best Cleet.
I wish I could be there but I'm in CT but I did send those emails hope that helps🏁🏁🏁
I live in New Zealand but wish there was some way I could support you Garrett … I would be there in a second just to repay you in a small way for all the fantastic content you provide for us! It kinda sux that your international audience is unable to provide a voice of support to those that need to hear it!
Done and done from Hillsborough County
i really hope this gets stopped its a very bad idea for them to build homes there i live 4 blocks away from a national dirt track lucas oil raceway in wheatland MO and its very very loud but i love it its why i moved here but theres many ppl that complain about it but more ppl love it then hate it that why we all choose to live here but theres gonna be them ppl that hate it
Did this land flood during all those storms? That would cause a bigger issue to the planning commission than the drag strip.
Please put on the main channel
I’d recommend you hold a “tire screeching burnout show” and perform a sound study to show the decibel data from where a residency would be.
I have a feeling we are going to see the power of 4 million subs on this one.
Hi Cleetus - I wanted to email you this: The county wants to increase its tax revenue base - So how about instead of it being residential zoning. The county instead zones it for noisy commercial industry. And have the buyers of property and or who rent space/lease all have to sign a waiver that holds the track harmless and can not complain about the noise. They agree they are building or doing business next to a business that produces loud noise levels. Also the fence and burn need to be on the land developers 100% Those however will not stop enough noise for residents. Also the track will keep RESIDENTIAL property values low, and lower the overall tax revenue potential. Commercial use will provide the best of both options - increasing the tax base revenue and allowing the track to function as normal. Homes do not belong next to this type of thing. It is about the same building homes next to an airport.  I hope this might work or spark ideas on way to make this work. You need to realize the county is driven by greed here for the potential money they can make once they force the track to close eventually. You sit on a large area they can of course build over... Provide them a carrot to replace the lemon they are sending you. Good luck bro.
Living next to Indianapolis Raceway Park for the last 10 years and being a mile away it's crazy how much you hear, and feel when cars go down the track. Unfortunately i would say in 5-10 years it is going to have this same fight, the development in the last two years has picked up significant speed and the subdivisions are getting alot closer. They are currently building a massive apartment complex just 2000 feet away from the track and several large warehouses up and down the adjacent main road.
* * * CLEET * * *    I REALLY WISH YOU WOULD HAVE BROUGH UP LAGUNA SECA RACE TRACK ! ! !   PERFECT EXAMPLE OF HOW A RACE TRACK DIES !   these people dont care though.... cuz you are ultimately taking / keeping money out of their pockets.
So gross, these housing developers are gross. Things like this topic are why there is so much street racing. So much crime. There isn’t crap to do anymore.
The track was there first.  It is like people buying next to an airport then complaining about the jet noise.
Long Live the FREEDOM Factory! emailed from the uk, might not be allowed but will help junk up there emails!! Your track is viewed world wide! Good Luck!
Do it for Dale!!
Good Luck! hope you get a large respectful turnout
In your speech at that meeting you should make it a point that you have shown support from more than 4500 people. I cant see how they could deny that more people support the tracks than there would be homeowners. Also Id ask if as long as there is a fence then they cant shut you down whether the neighbors can hear it or not.
I guess Florida being such an American place to live is actually hurting some of the residents who have businesses such as drag strips/race tracks etc. If they push out these businesses then they are doing exactly what what ppl are moving to FL to get away from.
Me and my wife just sent emails to try to help love everything you do I hope Kurt busch and the other professionals that have been at the events help as well
Emails sent brother!
I'm from Western New York State and I definitely plan on sending an email I've been to the Freedom factory and Bradenton a couple times already and plan on attending Tennessee next year.  Keep those homes back a few miles.
4 thousand homes brings in tax dollars....I hope it works out for you but honestly they will probably approve the homes
Best of luck Cleeta, I’ve seen this exact thing happen at Calder Park in Victoria, Australia.  I love your idea of people sending emails but maybe an online petition might be easier for people to navigate?  Anyways good luck mate 👍  You should push this video to your main channel.
Please let us know asap: Garrett is there any way we can all, in support, forward the email to you as well so you can print them out and have an on hand copy for the just incase they “never received the emails”. This is gonna blow them away seeing the amount of the Cleeter Crew Freedom Factory supporters, car enthusiast’s and the closed course race car community!
We had the same thing happen to our local track thorn hill. Thankfully it got resolved and is still open
leave it to the government to shit on any fun had, anywhere, ever.
They cant touch the tracks. There grand fathered in. They tryed that here in seattle. People built houses and tried to shut the track down. Didnt work cus the track has been there for many uears.
Perfect example of city officials not knowing wtf is actually going on in their own city
Emails have been sent best of luck keep us posted.
Buy the land
Email sent!  Added context about Laguna Seca in my state and how difficult it's imposed noise regulations were on the track due to the allowed housing developments that sprung up decades after the track was built.
If I was a US citizen,  I'd be emailing in support. Get a Robbie Gordon to say his piece on the development. The more celebrities, the better.
Uh oh. This is not going to be easy if the developers are lining the right peoples pockets. I hope I'm wrong but this happens alot.
Ben Mallah enters the chat🤣
Email sent brother!!! I just wish I could be there in person to show the tears I've been crying since seeing this video! Look up Hudson dragstrip in Hudson NC. It was my local track until 1995. I miss it every day! Love you guys and gals for everything you do! Good luck and I will be praying for everyone. Please Do it for Dale!!!
Man I thought I was having a crazy week. Good thing  cleetus is a lawyer
Say it happens. Can you at least recoup what you've put into the Fun Factory?
If you build it they will come. Cleet build a talladega and everyone will show up.
Greatest country on earth!  What a joke we are.  The government just rapping the common trying tomaking a living.  Let's go cleat!
More people on Board the more they Listen       someone get word to Derek @ VVG  have him copy in on this
Dude you guys in his state had better over run that court house for him!!!! Save the track.    This is the start of the rpm act shit !!! I hope you can keep it from happening
I think I saw some endangered animals living in that section of land.......
Emails sent from Oregon.
I sent all 7 of them an email! We won't go down without a fight!
Wishing you & the track teams the best of luck in this battle. I submitted email to the commissioners, If I had any way to attend on the 15th I surely would.
Have you tried to reach out to the governor? What if you don't live in the area anymore, can you still oppose via email?
That's pathetic only half as many likes as views.  C'mon y'all. Let's keep freedom reigning!
I’ve sent the emails, wish I could show up in person but the trek is just too far with 2 kids from Houston. Hopefully they actually listen and make their decisions accordingly. Too many times I’ve seen developers make ‘contributions’ to whatever officials campaign and the decisions are made before arguments are even heard. Good luck Garrett.
My support has been sent from Michigan!
This problem happens in Australia, we’ve lost a lot of great tracks and are gonna lose some more due to zoning and new housing redevelopments. There needs to be more done to save race tracks. They remove tracks and then blame people for taking drifting and racing onto the streets
I hate this, the thing is, hes not up against the county or the state… hes up against the multi billion dollar investors putting money in their pockets to make things like this happen to put 4k+ people in a mortgage payment
Done cleeter! Just sent off my opposition emails all the way from Selah Wa. Our local circle track was just sold and is currently under demolition luckily for now we still have a drag strip 20min away
Holy Cow brother. I'm in Indiana and no way I can make it in person sense I have a special needs son.  I truly hope those that can will and I will of course add my prayers. Now to send some emails, and they're all sent. I normally don't do things like this young man but these tracks and your crew as well as yourself have brought me so much joy over the years. Even though I'm well below the poverty line I still get to enjoy your content for basically free so sending some emails is the least I could do. I did buy $300.00 or so in shirts, hats and sunglasses earlier this year for myself, wife and son. We all love your channel but Mason, my son, really loves it especially when he saw the episode where you took the special needs child for a ride. I explained to him being in Indiana it's something we could not afford to do but he still loves the channel. I will pray on this and hope with faith that it all gets sorted out in the end. Now we just need everyone who sees this to get to sending those emails, it only takes a few minutes if you type something out and throw it in note pad to copy paste for the 7 recipients... Good luck and God Bless...
That woman over your left shoulder needs to stop sucking on lemons. That my friend is a scowl.
LETS GO Arc GIS Online!
Look up Wakefield Park in NSW Australia.  Absolute disgraceful from government.
Oh man, I hope you have a massive turnout. I really wish I could come.
1320 about to go crazy with the cash days in Florida very unfortunate that they want to build homes next to the only legal places to drag race they took atl dragway away from us now I have to drive 2hr for a 8th track when I lived 45min away from atl dragway
Grease them Mullets back boys, we got business to take care of, everyone should be atleast sending in an email
More than that Cleet you should have stated how tracks keep people off the streets. Thus saving lifes from street races
Counter proposal, sell the closest housing to people within the racing community, to be run like airBnB. People will have a place to stay and leave their things for drag/race week etc. and the likes who live there permanently will enjoy the sounds of freedom.
Owners of the land are 100% paying ppl to pass this, shit is corrupted everywhere
Garrett is pulling out his OG career lawyering 😂.  I’ll do what I can to protect our freedom factory.
I live in range of a military base and had to sign documents acknowledging this. Also there can’t be any complaints of noise within reason. If you can, try and buy some of that land from the farm fields.
Developers should be controlled,world wide, they want to take over areas and spoil them. And existing use means nothing.  Here in South Oz adhoc development has caused all sorts of issues. Motorsport venues are effected, plus development on prime agricultural land which will raise the cost of local produce for everyone. AND with all the weird weather a large amount of people have built on flood plains,, and get flooded. Unsuitable development and councils are at least ip part to blame,, they love the rates and taxes raised but when it comes to resolving flooding in the areas developed have no idea,,, and no funds.Alternatly come summer and bushfires happen also with huge drama. This is ofcourse Australia wide, and world wide.
Emailed them all. We cant let them take this one. Lets get this W.
You are the savior we need good sir. Thank you.
Those homes will probably half priced, run-down, and half-empty in 30 years anyway. Take it from someone in the Midwest, there are few buildings less permanent than a suburban housing development. Especially in coastal county in FL ffs...
You are going to have bedlam on your hands thousands will show
My local dirt track closed down due to this exact issue... sad to hear
Post on main channel
Put this on the main channel dude this aint 2 news
Two words: environmental impact. Is there a wetland nearby? ( I know, it’s Florida) Wetlands or species of endangered flora or fauna can block developments like this.   Good luck team!
Emailed.!
Good luck at the meeting I am in New Zealand and I am sure that all your overseas friends are 110% with you. Go get  them.  Richard
This is Horrible. this ispart of the reason Saugus Speedway In Southern California where I raced. Saugus was also a historic race track
I agree with the response that most people are saying but unfortunately it's like pissing up a rope ,The board/county members are just looking at the money that they will get in tax's. IE say you get 10k people a year at the track at an average of 100.00 per person that's 100k . Now you have 4k homes at say 3k a year In just taxable property that's 120k  Add in all the other things like going shopping, dinning and so on that could add up to a million plus into the area a year.
Why don’t you contact the farmer selling the land and buy the acres you need to keep a suitable distance barrier
I emailed
Hell Yea Brother let the freedom bell fall..The walls come tumblin down the walls come tumblin tumblin DOWNNNNNNNNN yea yea yea..  LOL
Hundreds of thousands of people around the world want this track to stay alive, if you lose this battle its 100% because some of the developers money landed in the right pockets
Don't worry Clete, we got your back
Well let by some land
Could you get a group together and buy more of the land?
Cleetus I am willing to bet those investors if you look into it the investors could be promising “financial gains” and the county supervisors bite on the bait all the time and ruin these great historical privately own race tracks it all comes down to the corruption of money l have seen this happen all the time here in California.
DONE
Love ya brother
They keep doing shit like this and wonder why people are racing on the streets.
Put this on the main channel
Everyone send this to desantis
Go straight to Desantis!!!!
man why are housing developers so stupid I'm from Canada and one of my favorite tracks got shut down for this exact reason. the houses went up and within a few years the track was gone. now I see news reports about the high rate of street racing in the area lmfao that what they get. be that I am Canadian I cant really help you in this but I hoping for all the best bud love the channel and everything ya do.
Hey cleetus I got a welder and bulldozer for sale
do we put our name and address in the subject or the main body?
sent
elko mn race track in right next to a bunch of houses oval track so BS
Shutter down, then the fat cats willl sell the land since they can no longer triple the amount of money they invest. Cleeter buys a wack of the land right next to. Builds a track that has both left/right turns, opens a time attack course. Increases revenue even more. Starts farming the land around it, harvest barley and wheat. Make Cleeter brand beer, can't keep up with production. Sold the rights for a 50% stake in Anheuser-Busch.  Takes that revenue to create a huge R&D pharma company that researches beauty products. Finally makes a makeup/mask that is revolutionary, enough to change the structure of that broads face in the background from a perma scowl to a smile.
Sadly it's all about money, Those homes will genarate more money for the city.
Cleeter, get investors and buy the land! Could be a future jet boat track?!?
In other words   They want to shut you down, and take away your land to rebuild for themselves(the bankers)
If yall get shut down how many millions is manatee county gonna lose..this aint right..this needs to stop..that being said..i would love to live next to the race track
We disagree on a lot of things, but you’re a man doing something amazing and chasing that inexorable and ephemeral spirit which dwells deep inside. I’ll send that email. From Chicago, with respect.
Sent emails to all Post this on the main channel… more subscribers
When these houses are built the freedom factory should attach flyers to their doors offering free admission/tickets to events. Maybe get them on board with free family fun for that neighboring community. Almost impossible to stop them building houses..   Or buy the land
What a bunch of bullshit!!! This is no different than developers building a subdivision near an airport that already existed and then having the residents complain about the noise. Fuck Them!! They knew there was an airport there before they moved in.  Same as people living near the petroleum plants on the Texas coast and then cry about the smell and the possibility of getting cancer. The people who moved there did so because they wanted to be near their jobs.
Gives  opportunities for ethunist to race on a track not on the streets went to snowbirds in the early  80 s look at the old tracks  that have shut down Lakeland  old school golden gate  and show time speed witch was all but shut down how much longer for that establishment it’s needs to stop
Do we have to be an American citizen to email in and oppose this atosoty?
i think there is a "grandfather clause" that you can use,look into it.Garrett
Done, Cleetus. I just emailed them all. God bless your efforts to oppose this. Have a blessed week.
I dont know if America has the same thing but we got one of our local tracks put on the historic register now they cant pull it down
So sad to see this happening to great tracks my home track here in Australia was shut after 48 years of amazing dirt racing even with it making the news and over 15000 people showing up
75-80 dragway Monrovia MD.. my home town. same thing happened here.
My RC flying field is facing the same problem. People moved in without knowing. Now they're talking about banning jets & gas planes.
Man I know for sure this is a bad thing I live on the St.johns
Email sent!💪🏼
E- Mail sent brother. The planning commission is fixing to get bombarded with thousands of emails and documents! Wish I lived closer. I'd be there...
I live a half mile from Lucas Oil. I love it but I do see people on next door complaining from time to time. Keep going 🤘🏼
I worked at a plant a few miles from Houston Raceway Park. When the Springnationals was running, you could hear the funny cars and fuelers when the made a pass. Truly, they are ground pounders!
email done
Fastest Email I've ever sent!
There is a racetrack 3 miles from my house and I can hear them in my house. Bad idea
Money beats soul ever time. The property tax generated from 4500 homes trumps a measly little race  track.  💰💰💰
Get your loudest cars and start revving in the track and fo your own sound check on your channel.
Freedom is at stake, yet again. :|
"dont be an idiot on the street. take it to the track" *takes it to the track "the track is too loud so its going away" *takes it back to the street "police enforcement is increasing"
You would think that they would look at the history of how these things end up working out, and learn from it. Apparently not. I live in Ontario Canada, and work in Grand Bend. If you know the area, you'd be familiar with the Grand Bend Raceway and drag strip. I have family that live three country blocks away (approximately 7KM, or 4.3 Miles as the crow flies), and they can hear the dragstrip fairly clearly. They don't mind, of course, but anyone with half a brain knows why putting a housing development right next to a racetrack is a bad idea.
I live in Oklahoma, but I sent an email to the three of them and gave my words of support to defend the race tracks. You guys have a blooming piece of Motorsports history here and we will do our thing as fans and followers. Keep the faith.
Oh no. That's a huge battle to fight good luck
Sending help from California! You can always say how much of an environmental impact it would have on the wildlife.
There pockets are lined. No way the prospect of 4000 homes doesn't put some money in these guys pockets
Our boy Cleet gonna start selling homes!  Cleeter Crew Homes. Racers only!!
Buy the land
Having this exact problem at our local track. One homeowner shows up to all the events with a decibelmeter to try and get the track shut down because of sound violations.
Tried every email couldn’t get to work
Well if this fails we are going to need like 7-10 million to replace it so best show up people 👍
West palm beach international raceway ....same story and now they got pushed out . this  is sad because my closes track is now over 100 miles away .
Email sent!
Well said Cleeter, hopefully common sense prevails, sadly property tax income and the officials don't care about race tracks unless it also brings in such consistent yearly income. I pray you come out on top.
We got your back Cleetus. Showing support from NJ.  Raceway park shut down years ago here. Can’t let them eventually close another track down!
Opportunity....create a t-shirt that says "living next to one race track is loud...moving in next to two race tracks is your fault"
Glad you’re getting ahead of this. You’re gonna have to fight like hell to stop this; with so much money to be made for the developers, you’re in the long haul brother.
I did my part!
Seen it lived it and your right but you live in Florida and Florida does what Florida wants good luck bud
I tend to forget that cleat used to go to law school and this video gives us a preview as to what that would be like.
Talk to Bandimere in Morrison. They can give you some advise on this situation. Good luck!
There is a pew pew range in my area that has been there for decades and they built an apt complex next to it people have complained to the point where someone melted a hole in their siding and slid an un-shot round into the hole they burned with a lighter. This will kill that track
Get Ron DeSantis there what the hell.
Sent! Copied and pasted my message here!    Just like was said in the meeting where it was last approved. This is exactly how a racetrack dies! I have seen it time and time again at race tracks local to me. And elsewhere around the country! Even if you do sound abatement the cars are LOUD! The circle track closest to me during the right conditions could be heard in the next town away! 9 miles from the race track! These home owners are going to be upset even if you make them sign waivers they are going to fight the race tracks, and put them out of business! These race tracks owners are regular guys livelihoods! These are not owned by big national or multinational corporations! They are owned by regular guys that live in the area! They are their livelihoods! They pour their everything into these places to make them successful! And to give guys a SAFE and fun place race! And rest assured these homeowners will fight them tooth and nail until they are gone! It has happened time and time again! A second MAJOR reason these race tracks should not be encroached on and put out of business. These people that race there are not going to just quit racing! They are going to take their money and go somewhere else and in doing so the tax revenue goes away with them! As well as what do you think is going to happen to the people who cant afford to travel to race? They are going to take to the STREETS! Putting themselves and everyone else in danger! Maybe even YOUR friends and loved ones! I know most people don't care about racing, but for those of us that do. Its not just a hobby, not just a pass time, its a way of life! Its something engrained in our soul that you don't just shut off with the flip of a switch when the race tracks close! I as well as im sure tens or hundreds of thousands if not millions of people will be effected by this! “Cleetus” IE Garrett Mitchell the owner of the circle track. Who mind you relocated to Florida from half way across the country! Has almost 3.1 MILLION youtube subscribers and generates 20 MILLION views a month! This would be a devastating blow to the racing community and and the local economy!
Sent
Email sent, hope it helps cleet, sorry I cant be there in person
Ya know if every subscriber to the main channel sent cleetus a buck, he could just buy the 2700 acres and keep it agricultural.
Hey g it's all bec of immigration. The country is letting waaaaay to may ppl in the country I'm all for that...but y right beside a racetrack....now cleetus. Maybe this is why the last owner of track...said F...K  IT, BEC HE KNEW WITH IN 20, 25 YRS DOWN THE ROAD TGAT THIS was gunna happen...AND THATS Y HE SOLD IT to u...and not telling you that he got a proposal for that land...then I bet they even offered old owners to buy the land and he said GFY....bro I'm in Canada....we have lost so many ovals to date it makes you want to cry...STOP THE IMMIGRATION STOP LETTING PPL IN that are here bec u help let in like 5 yrs ago bec there country was under war...so they were scared so Canada and America let them in free no....not right I'm I'm sorry
The sad part is it take millions to show up and probably won’t stop them
I hate to sound like a downer but I Iive in and work for the county Houston raceway park is in and people fought hard to keep it but the state had its mind made up already before it was presented to the public and moved a companyin next door that helped to close the track down. State government doesn't care about motor sports they look at guaranteed taxes and income from it's citizens. If you win your lucky but it will run out eventually.
Email sent
Get a lawyer working on it ASAP
What is the ecological damage caused by this development on a wetlands 🤔
Freedom Factory Supporters, Assemble!!!!
Same thing is happening to Georgia tracks.... did my part and sent the email! Let us know anything else we can help with!
My local dirt track is getting into this exact problem right now.  They've built a TON of new homes, and we've had a bunch of other incoming new neighbors, who are instantly complaining about the noise.  The track by me is Orange County Fair Speedway. It's the oldest continuously running dirt track in the entire country, but people who don't like noise, aren't interested in the history. They just want quiet.  Luckily for you, you've got a very large following which might make a difference. For us race fans here... we're just outnumbered. I'm rootin for ya down there in Florida.
Email sent!  NO residential housing of any kind.  If anything maybe light industrial but no residential.
I sent an email to all listed in the description, notifying them thar I oppose the proposal
Thets what happened to Calder Park in Melbourne Australia 🇦🇺  its bullshit the home owners should no were their moving so except  the fact its not every day you run but when it's on dont complain as you moved next to a track
This exact thing happened to lakeside raceway Queensland.👎👎
Im not from usa and i cant just travel. Can i do anything to help This situation ?
Wish I could be there brother, I’ll be emailing them!
Get all the motorsports orgs involved (NHRA, etc). The FF alone is important for the promotion  of ALL motorsports into the future. If this goes through then you will have more street racing as you remove the outlet for people wanting these types of venues.
3 houses on 1 acre geezz zero lot lines
I live about 15km away from Sydney international dragway, and I can hear the cars run at a meet, I could only imagine it next door (personally id love it, but I'm weird like that lol)
Anything to preserve the factory, brother! 🤟🤟
The dedication of this legendary man to freedom and bald eagles is awesome
Let’s say 4500 homes, two adults per home, 9000 adults potential to move in.  There’s easily going to be more than 9000 people emailing in to support the racetrack. Has to speak for something.
Not being able to copy paste from the description made this a lot of work for me as a a Canadian whose opinion they may just disregard but whatever lol
FROM CANADA!!  I just sent the email with all the particulars.  I bought the special bundle that came with a piece of the old Freedom Factory.  I've been a fan since day one.  Love what you guys are doing.  I'm with ya brother!!!
Can u email if you don't have a american citizenship?
email sent
contact Ron DeSantis he will help you.
thats what happened here. race tracks were here, then they built near, snowbirds come in and bitch about the dust and noise and get them shut down. good luck cleetus, i wish you guys the best of luck
This is exactly what is happening to Wildhorse Pass Motorsports Park. 2023 is going to be the last year that it will be open because they want to put a new overpass and highway extension. It's sad to be seeing this great complex go away. I've been going to this raceway for over 20 years. I'm now taking my nephew there to get him into racing and the love of cars. I guess when he gets his drivers license, he will just have to go to the illegal drags instead
You need to spin it. And buy the lots next to the track and make a Community that supports the track. Special community access.
here in south carolina we lost cooper river dragway many many years ago do to this same issue although they werent as close as yalls tracks are but they still pushed it to be closed and then once closed a developer came in and demolished the track and built housing over it and every time i pass what used to be that track it sickens me to think people do this to end car culture because its not for them.
Definitely post on the main channel too! Way too important not to.
crowd funding buyout of the land for a large 2700 acre offroad mudding park?
Sent my email as well as posted it in my facebook car group that is local here in Charlotte county
This seems like a real YellowStone John Dutton vs the developers of Montana situation
City councils have been destroying motorsports around the world for years! Godspeed From all of us overseas
The only thing causing disturbance are corrupted politicians protected by cops who pledged an oath to protect and serve them
They'll make you install the berms, the development will get made, the residents will make noise complaints, noise restrictions will be put in place, then there will be a drawn out fight to literally keep the gates open on the track before too many complaints will ultimately get the track shut down. Seen it on too many tracks up in Canada.
Just buy it
If you can you and your buddies that care about the racetrack buy up the land
This is main channel content. Post it there
Absurd putting homes near a race track.  Bad enough when people purchase houses next to Heathrow & Gatwick airports here in the UK, then complain about the noise from planes.  Some of our famous race tracks have had issues due to people complaining, the race track being there long before the people! That planning application should be minimised or left as 'AG' land.
IMO,  the county has already made their decision.............. and that decision is THEY WANT THE PROPERTY TAX MONEY FROM 4500 new homes.  With that said I'm sure Cleetus will give it the old college try.  I'd argue the CURRENT local roads can't handle 9,000-10,000 more vehicles.
I live 3 miles from a race track.  I can hear everything so well, I can tell when a car starts to miss on one cylinder.  This appears to be the same plan as buying a house next to a pig farm, then complain about the smell to put the farmer out of business.
Email sent!
If I remember right the same thing happened in San Antonio race track but not sure it was a long time ago
Piss off you was there first
Garrett, as someone who has seen this in my other hobby, where municipal government allow things to be built, the let the NIMBY (not in my backyard) people start getting in the way. I have watched railroads be forced to move tracks and stop blowing their horns, from those exact same NIMBY you talk about. Those NIMBY need to be stopped, before it is even built.
What is the sound/noise ordinance level? If they have to get to 65 outside, they will have to move the houses back substantially. At least call it out. They are required to do a sound study if they plan on using FHA loans, and meet the HUD requirements for sound levels - outside 65, inside 45
I hope you have a positive outcome in this battle Garrett, this exact scenario is playing out at too many tracks, not just in the US but worldwide.  The powers that be want to keep racing off the streets while at the same time approving actions that close down the facilities who are doing just that.  Stand strong and fight for your freedom to race in a controlled and safe environment.  Cheers from Australia and thanks for all the entertainment you provide and positive influence you're having on motorsports. 👍💪🇭🇲
Same thing in Austin Texas. People move into a condo next to a live music venue then complain about loud music. What do you expect.
big daddy government don’t like when the little people get power
I see it as this, yrs ago the tracks were moved away from homes, meaning no more can tracks be built near homes. Then same rule should apply, homes should not be built near tracks. If the tracks bothered the home owners yrs ago, then home owners shouldn't be allowed to build near a track to bother the track owners. There's plenty of land out there to build on for it not to effect heritage and tradition and the ppls happiness to have something to do on the weekends. Big money shouldn't be allowed to effect things that have been a part of the counties enjoyment. It's like moving a Walmart next to a local owned company, ya big money for the county, but heart ache and disappointment to alot of ppl that enjoy their county with the things that made the county grow. It's the ppls happiness not one individuals thought to get rich and end up shutting down local tradition. Our country I don't think the pursuit to happiness meant let the big rich ppl come in and control things, cause that takes away of the counties happiness. Someone can be the poorest person in the world, but be the most happiest because they enjoy something that's always been a part of their happiness. And right no big fence or wall is gonna take away the sound, and if you ask me, when I talk about happiness, see it this way, 4500 homes, of pissed off ppl, don't out weigh the happiness of hundreds and thousands of happy ppl enjoying that happiness they pursue.  Why does the gov always wanna create a problem where there was no problem. Then again, maybe a new sub division may pull in alot of car and race neighbors.  All I can say is, offer half off earplugs. Instead of pushing for neighbor good to not be built, push for grandfathered in rights. To never be moved or shut down under no circumstance. Set down with the ones trying to build the neighborhood, and come to a settlement to not fight off the building or zoning, as long as the ppl that buy and live there sign on the dotted line and agree to not cause issues with it's neighbors, meaning not only the ones living next to them because I'm sure some will move there that have race cars or something loud, but also the neighbors in the way of the tracks. Cause knowing upfront your moving next to a track, then you should agree that it's gonna be loud, if you still wanna move there then sign right here to never complain of the noise. Ya it may cause delay in filling the homes, but in the end there won't be any complaints and ppl moving away like most neighborhoids. Cause the ones there want to be there and know the consequences to moving there. Always a way to compromise. Both track and homes would bring more ppl in and make revenue, but neither should  take away from the happiness of being there.
Great presentation but I feel it, sadly, will not be heard. My prayers Garrett.
Hell ill be the first house right next to track and well get all the cleeter fam to move in to all the others on that strip if it happens. But you couldnt of said it any better at the meeting
You need to get with the city council and get a city ordinance of a minimum distance from the racetrack of where houses can be built. If you set a minimum distance of whatever you all can both agree on, that will help. Also, remind them, in actual dollar income, what you provide for the community, they HAVE to listen. The dollar amount will turn heads and any economist will easily be able to come up with a figure.
I live a few miles from Orlando speed world. On a good night, we hear all the racing. I love it. Fence won't fix that. Unfortunately, money is what will settle it.
I've added to what I am sure is an inbox disaster for the 7 listed addresses.  R.I.P. to their inboxes.  "YOU"RE DONE" as my friend likes to say.
Emails sent.  Wish you luck Garrett.
I wish I could just copy and paste the info
People move in next to an airport and then complain about the noise.
this happens to every race track. it sucks
Tomorrow morning, Manatee Co  I.T. department is gonna have hell with their email system being crashed overnight!
Buy the land cleet 😂😂😂😂
Mention the percentage increase in street racing and "reckless driving"
my name is Ivan with Sublime Image - Houston Tx... i support you brother unfortunately i cant make it out physically on that day but i just sent the email opposing the application, hope this helps....
You should put this on the main Channel too
Bringing them lawyer skills in son, who needs school🤣🤣🤣🤣
Out of curiosity, what is the price tag on all that land? What would happen if a guy with a youtube following of 3.07million people where to ask for a $5.00, $10.00+ donation to buy that land to save the race track. This could be the beginning of something huge. Bradenton Motorsports Mega Complex.
I live 2.7 miles from Indianapolis Raceway Park. I hear the track all the time. Even though there are houses all around. It is still a thriving track.
Welcome to Progress and Eminent Domain  Progress in the name of government taxes and ruling over peasants talk to Desantis he is all about entertainment for Florida
Put up a billboard that says "if you buy a home in this subdivision, the racetracks will be REALLY loud".
Sorry Cletus it's a money thing and dirty politicians. Suit and tie people suck🤣. Not all
Dont give them an inch. Post this on your main channel and we will show up and defend you and show them who has the bigger impact on the local area.
Buy the land?
Hey friend, it happen to our track here in Myrtle Beach., God tell me what to do and me and my freinds will help you. God we love you and your family. We have your back !!!!
Ooohh nooo brother. Hope you win. Governments all around the world just dont care about car ppl. But then complain when it goes back to the streets. 🤦🤦
Sending email now brother
If the track closes because the Karen’s complain, I’m still coming down from South Carolina 4 times a year to show my ass through that neighborhood. Hope they like burnouts and train horns.. 😈😈
I would love to live next to the track
Emailed!
Garret we are here for you! Email. Sent.
Emailed from Australia. Best of luck Cleeter.
Email sent brother.  Wish I could make it in person.  You all have built something wonderful and spectacular.  We can't let it fall to greedy land owners, developers and contractors who just want to make money off this plan.  I'm a CleeterCrew member but live in NC and can't make it down there that easy.  My 9yr old son and I went to Bristol C&C's, sat in the first row of the stands for the Bristol 1000 and we had an amazing time!  I can't wait to make a trip down to Bradenton for an in person event.  You are a great advocate for racing, family and friendship.  With you helping lead the charge I'm sure we can get the result we are looking for.
Race on the track or in their neighborhood or public roads... They should choose wisely because racing will never die.
I bet cleetus was channeling his inner law student during this video
Happen to KCIR in kc mo
I sent the email hope it helps a little
In the end it's all about the county collecting the $$$$$$$$$$, That'a why all other tracks have been shut down $$$$$$$$$
To all addressed in this email. I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048  The Freedom Factory and Bradenton Motorsports Park are the most popular racetracks in the United States. Millions of Americans watch the events that are hosted in those parks every year. It is my dream to one day visit the Freedom Factory with my family and enjoy the wholesale entertainment that these tracks offer. I believe these establishments to be a testament to the greatness of American automotive engineering. So much so that endangering the incredible work the Freedom Factory has done to revive a dying sport in the heart of your state and county would be an absolute tragedy.
Work precludes me coming to manatee county this week (I'm from Dallas and have been to many FF and BMP events) but I'll see if my dad and brother can come down for ya'll (they're in St. Pete) My family loves both of the tracks and your channel so let's stick it to them with solidarity and a big effing crowd of the loudest people on the planet! (respectfully)
Emails sent! BMP and the Freedom Factory are motorsports icons the world over, you can go build more houses anywhere else!
Need to put the camera in the faces of the the people in charge and ask them how much kick back they are getting to vote 5 to 1... all about the money never about us as humans having something to enjoy!! But they will also be the first to complain that these kids are out street racing!!! Sad just sad!!!
CLEATUS BUY THE LAND FROM THEM
Next big idea everyone buys a house by the track and turns them into time shares and when ever Cletus hosts an event now your close to the track
Cletus this is why so many people around the world like you you're a stand-up guy more and more racetracks are being tear down every day America and Canada this is one Canadian that has your back 100% hell yeah brother?
This is a bummer man.  I hope you guys win this one.  What you guys have done for racing is so huge.  And your impact is certainly felt, in a positive way.
Missed opportunity not legally changing your name to Cleetus solely so you can introduce yourself to the court as Cleetus 😂
I live next to a Costco wearhouse , in between my house is a berm, fence and trees  and their site is about a football field away . Doesn't work .hear everything they do, closing heavy steal doors from truck and trailers,  pounding on pellets,  normal truck sounds .i knew before getting this house I'd be hearing these noises. I really don't mind. With that being said.  If this passes each phase,  i hope the county comes up with good plans to help you out to keep your track going for generations
Oh you will have a huge crowd Thursday. I can’t be there but I’ll email them if you put the address up.
How much the county will gain in tax revenue from the housing  is all the majority of board members will hear in the end. Sad but true
Can you make a stipulation that if they build this wall, that the sound needs to be within a certain level on the other side before moving on with the rest of the development?
Farms turn into neighborhoods, but neighborhoods never turn into farms.
Fully sent Brother!
Spoken very well.  Held composure well good luck
They can't do that, it ain't right come build one in NZ heaps of land
Fuck that
Emails sent
I saw this days ago on Facebook
Every city where a race track has closed mine included says " stay off the street / stop street racing." Then continues to close the fucking tracks.
U should just buy that land
These are probably the people who wanted the property before you bought it
Put. This on the main channel call up whistling diesel he pretty good at this kind of stuff also 😂
Sent
I think there will be a huge amount of people  showing up. lol
Imagine being called in for jury duty and Cleet is there defending the freedom factory
Do some research. Find an endangered animal that uses that acreage as their home. That’ll stopem. We had this issue at Englishtown raceway. The new homeowners complained and complained until the next generation of track owners just didn’t feel it was worth fighting anymore. The property has be repurposed for other types of motor sports but all NHRA drags and weekly drags are dead in my area. Fight the good fight Cleeter. Hell yeah brother the county just wants more tax payers.
Yea berms and fences won't work I live 6 miles from a dirt circle track and could hear every race until they got shut down by new homes going in within a 1/4 mile of the track
Done
Plus I don’t think your governor would shut y’all down
Land developers, grifters and politicians.  What a mix.
Is there a option of buying a stip of land as a buffer zone.
Happens in the UK all the time, not to racetracks but pubs, some pubs have been around longer than the USA has existed.. New housing development near a pub, bar, club or music venue, new residents move in and complain about the noise and get the Pub, Bar, Venue ect  closed down...
I just sent my Emails. Good Luck Brother, we got your back. Thanks again for all the amazing content and for being an inspiration to us all.
Garrett, your in for a tough fight and Florida everywhere is being seized with residential development. My suggestion to you is going to be different than those you’ve received so far. The commission is only going to look at the money generated by advalorem taxes of 4500 homes.. a paltry $9,000,000.00 per year at $2,000 dollars per house not to mention the additional impact fee’s of 67,000,000.00 at $15,000 per house. That is what the state and the county are going to look at. Your argument to them should be rather than allow residential zoning in that property it should allow commercial only due to existing business in the area. Commercial pays more in taxes and costs less for them (the county) to service. It brings jobs, and products which allows both the race track and the business’s to flourish and allows the original property owner a chance to profit from his agricultural land a win win for everyone. A second approach would be residential partial on the area farthest from you and commercial next to you again creating a space buffer. You were there first and should point out as well what you have invested and upgraded to improve the property and use not change the property and force your way in where you were not wanted. Just a suggestion I wish you the very best. Racing has the right to exist as well!
DO IT FOR DALE!!!!
I’m on mobile and can’t copy the text and emails,  can someone copy and paste them in the comments
Have them approve it then buy the houses closest to the track and use them for staging homes for out of town racers
Man the drag track has races of cars with up to 4.000hp a burm and a fence is not going to do shit you will still here those cars see there plan is to get that subdivision built then they will do everything in there power to get the tracks closed they know damn well that won't stop the noise it's all part of there evil plan.
If you purchase a home next to a race track you better love motor sport or piss off n don’t move there if your going to have a issue with it… we here in New Zealand have had plenty of tracks closed down because of wankers that moved in next door then complain  Best of luck bro
Just sent my email! We love you and our race tracks! We got this!!!
Welcome to developer interests and money outweighing any logical decision by a planning board.  Been dealing with similar things locally.
Too bad we can't do a big fundraiser and buy all the land around the drag strip and Freedom Factory.
Government: if you want to race go to the race track.  Also Government: race track is too loud shut them down.
All those years of law school might finally pay off for good old cleeter!!
Emails sent brother, and some good literature why it's a bad idea for us gear heads to lose this, it's our environment to race there.
Emailed from Canada. I know where Bradenton is and am planning to visit there hopefully next year because of the tracks. You are 100% right, I've seen it happen here too. Track been around for years, new neighbors complain, BS ensues, massive earth berm put down, that has held of the nay sayers for years now.
if I were a Florida man, id be there. hell, if I were American id email.
Lets just raise the money to buy the land ... i wish it was that simple but, heres the deal you have way more support than you think.
I'm from Wisconsin and have never been to Bradenton but am flying down for the Christmas tree race this year. What they don't realize is these tracks bring in people from all over, not just the locals. It might not bring in more revenue than the taxes on the new development, but it still helps the local economy. I will send them an email. Every bit helps!
It’s better to race on a drag strip or circle track than to continue the racing to the street
Done, sent as a FL resident.
This is the shit that's really killing thr Plante we need to stop it
That lady behind cleet looks evil
The developers are probably connected and those tracks are probably dead. It really sucks but it is happening everywhere.
i emailed!
Yeah the government don't want people to have any fun unless they control every aspect and you pay for it
Not a lawyer but is there any protection for a pre existing business ?
Racers are going to race period.  Close the tracks and the racing will move back to the streets.
Americans only? or can we Canadians also show our support
They will definitely hear it! I live 22 miles from a racetrack and I can hear them every Saturday. Maybe because I’m on a mountain and they are at the bottom of it but either way they will definitely hear it.
Good luck Cleetus fight the good fight you are fighting an uphill battle
Shoulda hitm with the safety of “we take street racers off the road for a safe, legal, appropriate way to race”
Bruh, good luck. Those homes equal property taxes, you eventually being pushed out for more homes equals more property taxes. Its sheit, but its reality. We have been going through it here in Boise Id for years. Our local track (shout out meridian speedway) is on united dairymens assoc. land for something around 70 years, and was well outside of little dairy town, Meridian Id. The towns exploded and the only thing saving the track is Who owns the land, for now.
Love how professional you are and straight to the point when dealing with the government people.. I truly hope this will never happen! To many places I want to get shut down
I work in data science and statistics. I bet we could come up with some numbers for how much economic value your racetrack brings to the comunity. Determine money gained in hotels bookings and taxes collected form those. Expand to talking about impact on car shops, auto parts and fuel stations can futher your agument. And whatever they make on housing taxes would be minimal.
if you don't want to hear a race track then then piss off and live somewhere else it's not like we're making you live next door .... USA is big go to somewhere you like .. maybe the bottom of the Grand Canyon
And the police wonder why people race on the street more n more often these days!!!  The FF is your baby Cleetus.  Hell it's America's baby👍 Fight to keep racing fight to keep suburban sprawl out of racing... SAVE THE FREEDOM FACTORY!!!!!!!!!
I sent my email to them regarding " I Oppose Aplication PA-20-09/Ordinance ". From Milwaukie, Oregon brother! Keep up the good work!
Law school paid off with that argument there, really could hear the lawyer tricks
Sent
Can someone make a link and share on other platforms? @cleetus McFarland
Hell ya brother
they did the same thing in Portland Oregon had 1/8 mile on Wednesday night
I think if they do pass to put in houses, they should have a clause stating that the owners can not complain about the noise and can not put up walls and can not try to shut the tracks down and can not limit the time they can run.
This same thing is happening to the gun ranges in my area in missouri. They stupidly allowed people to build RIGHT next to them, forcing them to shut down due to safety reasons.  Mind you, these are on national land.
Ask for donations and buy up as much of the property that you can adjacent to ur property
I know back in the day Summit Motorsports Park in Norwalk Ohio gave free season passes to anyone who lived within a certain distance from the track. They race all night at that place.
just sent my Email. Even though I live in Michigan This still does affect me over here. Heck it affects people all over the WORLD. The Freedom factory Has done more than you could ever imagine for the car community. Please do not build near the Tracks!!!
Well you have my full support all the way here from California.... Copy those emails and a few minutes here we will be emailing them opposing this plan 👍
This is a huge problem.  I don't care what sound abatement  measures they are claiming.  I live  over 5 miles from a circle track and I can hear them racing especially on a cloudy night.  Farmland should stay farmland and houses should be rebuilt in the destroyed crumbling cities across America.   Fight strong we will provide whatever support you need.
Of course! Sent the email out just now.
Do we have to be a manatee co. Resident to email in?
This is crazy. Charlotte motor speedway is way louder and there are many homes and developments just as close.
You should bring Mullet & Toast and Respectfully Test your 2-Step out front of the building so they can appreciate the noise level they are voting on
Bet these developers are offering up lots of money to push this change
Got My Emails sent Sir!  Hope the Thursday meeting goes well!🦅
fans of freedom factory in other country like help
If only whistling diesel would offer some prizes for those showing up 😂
I just sent my support.  Where's my "I Cleeted" sticker?   🏎   🚓
The Karen behind you is killing it with the smug looks.
I wish all of the YouTubers in this space could come together and defend this asap.
Seen it happen with even larger racetracks in the UK... someone moves next to a race track and is 'surprised' it is noisy. . . the track now has limited hours and limited events.
memphis international speedway is basically set up in the same way recently it unfortunately closed down. bc amazon bought property to make a damn shipping plant.
Forward this to Whistlin’ Diesel I’m sure he’d love to spread the word !
Very professional, nicely done sir.
Do you have this info on a website?  I can’t copy and paste from the YouTube app on my phone.
Done brother
race cars sound great dont like it go live somewhere else   this whole thing is like whats going on in fresno california  trying to build us a track and we hear oh the sound the polution like please go away mind your own buisness karen
Cleet here in Texas we have lost several gun ranges to this kind of development. They always pretend they are ok with the existing stuff and then the Karen's move in and start harassing the county to make you go away. Whatever we can do to stop this let us know. Where is the GoFundMe for lawyers?
What if all Cletus fans buy houses their
When I lived and raced at Boyd's Speedway years ago. They started developing the area around the track. The track has been there since the 50's. The track was there first and the developer wanted to shut the track down. Luckily the track is still open a running.
Bill Elliott (yes the NASCAR champion) and I defeated a proposal of a similar development with a similar density per acre using what we felt was effective because our argument addressed an issue that's seldom explored. Our argument was that the tax revenue from the development would be far below the amount of the development's financial demands in services and material expenses. We calculated the density, the number of people per acre, their ages and arrived at the average cost per acre or housing unit.  Examples included the annual cost per child to educate them in the local schools, fire,  emergency medical, and police services to name a few (based in part on the ages of adults -- young, middle-aged, or senior citizens). I suspect that when you calculate the burden of the development on tax revenues against the taxes paid, you will find a deficit that runs into the millions. Make sure the board knows that, while the developers make their money and move on, the citizens of Manatee Co. will pay millions per year, every year, until the development is torn down in maybe 50 years. From there you can easily use the argument of tax dollars and stimulus to the local economy by the tracks helping to relieve the local tax burden and build the economy. This argument is especially effective when the developers are seeking to change the property's classification to another classification as they are here. In our experience, when the zoning is changed, the development tends to get denser, standards decline and costs to the county increases.   Despite what we are told, not all growth is good growth and not all growth brings money into the county coffers. Some growth in residential areas is profitable to the developers who grab their profits and leave us with an ongoing deficit that lasts for generations.
Hell yeah brother, I just sent an email to everyone on that list. Keep fighting for the American dream and let those Bald Eagles fly!
Sadly this is how so many race tracks are shut down
email sent
Man I live a stones throw from a dirt track. That track was there before my home. I love it. The noise isn’t annoying. You get the free firework show. AMERICA BROTHER
Need to get whistlindiesel and adam lz to post vids on this too
This is what happened at Laguna Seca. They build homes next to the track, the homeowners complain and now theirs sound requirements for the cars that go on the track even though the track was there first
Email sent. Good luck buddy ❤
Would be painfully ironic and telling of the times to see the Freedom Factory shut down for big businesses to come in and make more money on cheaply built homes.  Let’s just trade the last scraps of unique American culture and history for some cash monies…. Good lord, this makes me tired.  Good luck man.  You and that old circle track have sure made a lot of magic in a short time together.  Will send emails and keep my fingers crossed for you and for all of us.
Law school drop out redneck fights government🤣
A 25" solid fence will not make the race cars inaudible at nearby houses. Correct acoustical design by professionals in environmental acoustics would be able to put exact numbers on the situation using computer modelling. There is no guesswork involved. I know this because I did this type of acoustical design work for over 20 years. I do not know the local rules for these developments, but this type of problem happens all the time in Australia. Urban sprawl results in homes being built next to industries that have existed for many decades and usually it results in massive cost of noise control for the existing industry or it shuts down the activity. Money from new housing development is a powerful incentive for local government officials to approve the development.
I grew up 2 miles from a 0.4 mile dirt oval track, with an ~150 hill and lots of trees between my parents house and it.  We always knew when they were having a race.  The idea of building homes right outside the track is just stupid.  If the county wants to upgrade their tax base from farm land, build an industrial park or self storage lots next to it.  Businesses that either will be noisy too or won't have many people around to be unhappy at loud o'clock on a Friday night.  Anyone who thinks a fence might work needs to go, or even just drive past the tracks when drag racing or burnouts are going on with a window down.  You can mitigate highway noise with sound walls, race cars are far louder.
Can I support yall if i live in Washington state?
I live a mile from Midvale speedway (circle track and drifting) in Ohio with a hill in between I can hear the cars like they’re in my driveway. But I love it
If I had the funds I would buy all the land my self and just keep as is bastards that’s crazy we are here to help sir
Emails sent to evey email on the list! Keep up the fight!
I would buy a house next to a racetrack anyway. Keep fighting and do it for Dale!!!
Hahahaha, we can build a wall to keep sound out, But not to protect our borders...
This is too important, needs to be on main channel. I sent mine.
If half the subs of this Chanel emailed would shut it down
Un fucxxxxing real i sent my email and this is bullxxxxxhit, they just shit on people and don’t even care. Get them brother, you got this
Idiots don't realize that if they close racetracks them boys will race on the streets, possibly getting hurt or hurting someone and could cost county $$ on law inforcements
Just buy all the houses that they put there. Problem solved.😂😂
Sent my emails brother, I'm in Gastonia NC but the Freedom factory and  Bradenton Motorsports Park has been a big part of my life, I couldn't imagine them closing  I'm going to do everything I can from here just keep us informed.
What if you bought the land?
Done. Your channel has brought a lot of joy over the years. Its the least I can do.
Sent an email to all. Hoping for the best Cleet.
Unless you know someone with some major pull. You done, Katy bar the door.
You're correct that this is exactly what kills the little tracks.
Haven't been to either race track, but you have my support. I have emailed all individuals on the list you provided and provided the requested personal information to them. I cannot be there at the court house on such short notice, but count me in in the future (with a little warning ;) ). You and Victor, your crews, and racing fans everywhere have my support.
Main channel... post it
i wonder how much the developers paid the county ppl
im super dumb dont know how to do it, but this does suck. please send the email for me brothers.
Sent my email! Hope it helps
These people’s phones are gone blow up 😂😂😂 they about to get like 6000 emails in 10 mins
They do the same thing to farms. Build housing developments around the farms that have been there for generations and then complain about odors and noise.
Hopefully enough people show up in support!🤞
Typing up a detailed email with personal examples now.  Even tho I'm in OR.  That 25 ft wall aint gunna do $h!t.  I have a 20 ft wall next to a 40MPH road at the end of my street, and I've been at houses with 25-30 ft walls next to Interstate 5.  In my back yard, sometimes ricers and street racers will make you stop a conversation until they get past my area.   On the property I was at next to I5 (street cars doing 65MPH on cruise control) the traffic noise was AWEFUL. You almost had to yell to have a conversation in the back yard.  And that was with a 25 ft wall, and without cars turning 4500-7500 RPM with a racing exhaust.
Done. If you are a "influencer", or know another one, please share this!
Just emailed them all buddy. Ohio has your back.
I would love to live next to your race track buddy!! Just sayin.
I understand the situation however I’m not in a position where I can help. Nonetheless, how epic is Garret wearing a Cleetus shirt on a public hearing 🤣
Has anybody reached out to Governor DeSantis?
Invite the Governor.
Of course it went through you knew you were screwed. I guarantee you some of those representatives were paid by the developer. That's how it works.
Dude same thing happened out here in Sacramento, CA. Our small drag strip, circle track, and multi use facility has been pressured by house development as people moved in to the new development. Multiple owners and issues.
Exactly how airports die too.
Stantec ... a very greasy company . Look into to their scandals in Canada
It's a wrap you're done!!!!!
If the land developer had any vision, they’d capitalize on being by the two tracks and in close proximity to Cleetus.  “Airport communities” have runways with homes around them that can taxi directly to the strip.  They should build a road course with “track front” homes.  Between the road course, the FF, and BMS… not too mention Cleetus… it would become a mecca for auto enthusiasts.  Instead of building cookie cutter, small lot homes, they could build homes are larger lots with track access shops.
to be fair the airline searches pushed airline prices x2 455 now for round trip
I grew up in Braden River Lakes in the 2000s when the development along route 64 didn't extend past I-75, It is crazy how much the area is attempting to grow! Email sent, good luck with the fight!
Let go team cleetus! Stop this development!
yah yah it starts with "We will do X and allow it to continue" Then over time the residents start complaining and next thing they are trying to shut you down.
The property taxes on the homes will never come close to the revenue that the race tracks bring into the surrounding area.
This is bullshit how are they gonna come in and build new homes and tell you what to do with your property they knew about the racetracks in the area and still chose to build in the area
Sending my support from Oregon! I sent emails to everyone listed.  We got this!
my quebec race track close for the same reason we have no more oval track in quebec canada hope you win cleet
Sent an email to the list
Hope every person helps out and sends an email to oppose this. It saddens me to see such land next to a race track be turned into a suburb. Keep racetracks and keep the farmland next to them. Farmland is way more nice to look at than a bunch of homes next to a race track. Hope the car community can oppose this decision.
I m sorry my guy, the city, county and state are looking for that tax money. Not to mention all the permits that are going to be pulled to build.  I think it's time to start looking for a bunch of land to buy and build a new track.  The drag strip is done for. I say yous have 3 years max until the drag strip and the freedom factory are closed.  Dam it man. This sucks. I m sorry my dude.
Should have brought the big block crown Vic and left bouncing off the red line to show them what a race car sounds like cause they think it sounds like the Mustang next-door and and brother you’re fighting over $2 billion worth of profit your fornicated but good luck Cleet sorry bro I’m in Canada
With you %110 buddy, always team cleet. From kentucky cant help much but got my prayer
Better get with the electric agenda because these people only see motorsports as pollution. Noise and fumes even tho our power grid is complete crap, are going with electric which is failing miserably. I'll sign the petition but I'm in Arizona, so I can't show up personally.
GET AHOLD OF DESANTIS
Same thing happened to my favorite shooting range here in central Texas, urban sprawl is the devil.
Does our address have to be in Manatee County to email?
Better the bald eagles on the track than the street
These politicians have probably already been paid off. Sad
I wish I would have gotten more notice to show up in person.  Emails are easier to ignore than a flood of people standing in front of them.  We need a whistlin diesel type turnout for this, except way more civil.
Sent an email brother.
fight it with everything you have. if they allow housing developement, they will eventually force both the freedom factory, and the drag strip out of business. no amount of sound wall will prevent it from happening.
Should’ve hit them with the taxes you provided.
Thats how we lost clatsop county speedway... I really miss the dirt circle!   All the neighbors were welcome to come to the track free as an apology for the noise...
The developers don't care about racetrack or other things. Come in, build , sell and leave. In county where I leave, developers built a nice ritzy subdivision right beside chicken houses that had been there for 30 years.  Chicken house owner put up big signs to warn folks about the smell. Built houses, sold them and left, then people started complaining !!  Turned into a nightmare. Good luck !
Get a hold of Desantis if he's not too into Israel...
Bru cant we have enything nice
Omg please don’t let this happen. I dont live there nor have I ever been. But even I know how much this place means to the racing community. This is such a bad idea. First our guns. Now ours race tracks. What next.
Email sent.
Done....
That lady guy behind you in the court was rolling eyes the whole time you were speaking , now they will keep throwing money at it to push you out . Don’t give up MERICA
The video should be on the trending list of youtube
Is anything going to happen with the East River Ranch ISD that is pending on the other side?
Cleetus... if they build the homes buy them and do air BnB and rent them out for race events. You would then have equity and a say in the neighborhood.
It's definitely not a good idea to put housing by tracks. Here in California, Pomona specifically, neighbors complained about junior dragsters running and complained to the point mufflers were required and enforced DB limits. And race schedules had to be sent out to notify neighborhoods of all events. All that did was give them ammunition to further complain saying they could still hear the cars even if they couldn't. Eventually the track stopped holding events because of it, decreasing the number of tracks we could attend even further. Not only does their plan impact wildlife that lives there and cause more wild life encounters within and around homes, but also potentially cause the tracks to shutdown and cause a huge spike in street racing and potentially deaths out on the road from innocent bystanders and victims and racers that choose to take to the streets to get their adrenaline fix.
This video should also be on the main channel for maximum effect. I have been a subscriber to the main channel for a number of years but have never subscribed to this channel. The fact that it popped up on the side of my YT screen is the only way I would have known about this issue before the meeting.
So if you include the fact of the millions of people that watch via the Internet what takes place at these speedways that may boast in your favor
E mail sent brother. Hell ya Do it for Dale 🤘🏻.
I have such a disdain for developers. They are the reason why our track is shut down. They are the reason why many golf courses are shutting down. They have the money to influence the ones making the big decisions. We need a place to race we cannot do it on the streets.
Hey cleeter as a Floridian we’re absolutely thrilled that you host your events in our wonderful state we had to go through this exact same thing with palm beach international raceway, my family has raced there for generations and I’m absolutely against any urbanization of our agricultural lands. Seeing all the hard work and dedication you have put into that racetrack to help our state continue to be one of the most successful car culture states in the country is truly inspiring. I have been to every event in Bradenton since it was first held at the drag strip with a small burnout box to the right. We will be here to fight this to the end and will happily support you anyway possible
Boy does that woman give you the hateful look.   Buy the land Cleetus. She does not give a rats ass about your track and I am guaranteeing that she is going to bribe the officials.
Oh my God that is such bullshit. Do not let them build
Bring all the numbers of Revinue the track brings to local business the tax revenue the county state receives Go to the closest lot to the track with a desable meter. Run few cars back it up till theses little sound video it. Say if goes through might lose 200:lots but they can still build you won't have complaints might gain new customers from living so close.
Email sent! Good luck on Thurs.
I'm over in FM I'm send my emails in
Would you be taken more seriously if you take off the hat and dress properly for the setting???
Good luck young man.
EMAILED FROM AUSTRALIA! FF THESE GUYS ! MY LOCAL TRACK IS DYNING FOR THE EXACT SAME REASON
I hope karma comes to those trying to take our freedom factory
Does it count if I’m from Canada lol?
Emails sent bud! I’m in PA and can’t make it but I have a feeling this turnout is going to be epic!!! Best of luck brother!!!
Good luck brother hope you get 'er done! Its all about money. More tax revenue for the town county etc. Follow the money. You're in a tough fight brother! And yeah it sucks.
This happened to baylands raceway in Fremont CA.  It died within 2 yrs.
my beloved ATL dragway just minutes from where i live was shut down for housing development my second home is Bradenton and just seeing this pisses me off they are trying to kill drag racing!
Just emailed them Brother from ND🤟🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
You are absolutely correct Garrett. That is how traks die and it is sad. It needs to stop and the if it goes further they will sadly say yes as money talks and they will gain more tax revenue. Counties need to keep the tracks!
Also ask every content creator that goes to your events to post about
Emails sent to each on that list. I sent it to my wife and she also sent an email. Wish i could be there in person
I sent my email before I even finished the video
I would suggest talking about how *historical* race tracks like leguna seca and so forth... are being hamstrung and held back by local residences because of noise complaints from people that decided to buy a house near a race track. That will create empathy through the ears of the comittee much better than telling them how successful you are. Success can always change so won't convince them. So rather than saying "we are (currently) successful"... it might be better served alluding to that a lack of future potential success if these houses get built. Desoto was historic, leguna seca was historic... find more examples which could be better if it wasn't for nearby residences.  Because while its people in housing complaining about the noise and we can always say "you shouldn't have bought a house near a race track"... its the building them in the first place that needs to be prevented because once they are and the building companies have gotten their money and moved on they don't care about the fights that happen afterwards.
I live 5 miles as a crow flies from the now closed Atlanta Dragway and I could hear the methanol cars out in my yard. No 25 foot fence is going to stop that kind of sound. I hope you can stop this.
This is the same thing that happened to English town New jersey.  Houses built people move in kn owing the track is there....over time they get enough to have regs put on it and then as more people  vote for more regs the track slowly dies
It's been my goal to come see a race with my family, for many years.  I hope they make an environmental impact lawsuit which disallows building for many years as it drags through court.  Wishful thinking I guess, I obviously know nothing about it.  The only way I can help is to buy some merch, or I'll sign stuff-whatever it takes. I been watching since the nitrous fidget spinners
Emails sent
Create a go fund me to purchase the property next to you if possible. I know this idea might be too late, but it's an idea. I know I will donate to this cause.
email sent, supporting from NY
This is textbook urban sprawl. I really hope you can fight this successfully.
Handwriting is on the wall with 2035 looming. Been a drag racing fan since 1960. Cried when we lost Half Moon Bay and then eventually Lions Drag Strip and Carlsbad in California. All thriving tracks at one time which eventually lost their battle to money hungry politicians in line for their under the table handouts from developers. Best of luck Garrett. You are facing you biggest hurdle ever.
This is literally why Atlanta dragway shut down. We didn’t know it was going to happen until it was too late. It’s even more sad however to watch it happen on camera. Hopefully this issue is resolved as it would be a shame to watch something that you and victor have worked so hard to build fall apart over this.
Done!
SENT BROTHER! I REFUSE TO LET THESE TRACKS DIE
All the money Bradenton drag strip just spent on upgrading. I'm worried about Victor also
Tell us what you need!!! We got you btother
Would be for the best interest of the city, to use that land for motels, food. For iconic business, tourism.
Fight brother! Find that helpless little turtle that can't be removed in that farmland!
just ask old dominion in Manassas. old historical circle track and drag strip had to close, cause of all the houses they built around it. the city put so many restrictions on the track. shut down by 10 due to noise. had to run with mufflers. etc etc. the track had to shut down. now it's gone and just a memory.
haha freedom factory has a nice ring to it let's try to limit their freedoms we don't like this cleetus guy
Emails Sent. In your corner
It happened to English town Raceway park in NJ. Sucks.
You need to go talk to all of the owners of the hotels in the area (And I do mean the *BIG HOTELS* too) and get them to come in person to speak on your behalf at the next city council meeting regarding this. And the restaurants. All of the businesses impacted by your events positively that are making money from this. Get the big business people to come speak up and throw their weight around. Money talks with this sort of thing. They will listen to those people. I'm sure when your events are held their hotels get booked full and they love that. You are funding their businesses with your events. You are pumping money into the area from tourists.
Email sent best of luck with this
Here is a template that ChatGPT wrote for me, you can copy + paste:  Dear Manatee County Commissioners,  I am writing to express my opposition to Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048. As a resident of Manatee County, I am deeply concerned about the potential impact this development could have on the Bradenton Motor Sports Park and the Freedom Factory.  These two establishments are vital to our community, providing entertainment and economic opportunities for many residents and visitors. The racetracks at the Bradenton Motor Sports Park, in particular, generate a certain level of noise that is necessary for the operation of the facility.  If this development goes through, there is a risk that people moving into the area will not be tolerant of the noise and will push for stricter noise regulations or even the closure of these establishments. This would be a devastating loss for our community, and I urge you to consider the potential consequences of this development.  I urge you to reject Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048 and protect the Bradenton Motor Sports Park and the Freedom Factory from the potential negative impacts of this development.  Sincerely, [Your Name] [Your Address]
This needs to be on the main channel asap….😰
Email sent. God speed brother.
Email sent, save the tracks!
I am a NY resident and will actually be in the area. I drive tractor trailer and have a delivery at 10pm Thursday. If you have a place for me to park I would love to help
I hate to be negative but money talks, they’ll look at the benefits and maybe the developers will add in a few eco sentences and that’ll be it. Racing isn’t good for the environment in their eyes so won’t have much backing in the government. I know here in the uk, you’d have zero chance, homes are needed, they’d always win
Its ridiculous in the fact that you will lose this fight and it makes me sick, but they're gonna get what they want, look at California
Done and sent
Heres a thought, DONT MOVE NEXT TO A RACE TRACK if you are a KAREN. Get the fuck out of the area, please and thank you.
If they won't stop the development, then property developers and county officials should agree to a contract stating that anyone who buys a home on that property will accept that there are no noise ordinances under any circumstances related to the track, that the track can hold events on any night they please, and that noise complaints related to track events will not be upheld by any current laws, and that no future laws will be enacted to prevent the track from holding events or reducing noise related to racing.  If they wanna build and sell houses right next to a race track, it's only fitting that car enthusiasts should be the ones that are buying houses on that property.
Emailing time now
Just got my support 🤟
We want the the racetrack yee yee
I am so sorry Cleet. This isn’t good.
Email sent
Good thing you have Ted Cruz as a governor.  Get him on the horn.
I have sent out an email to all that you have listed. I hope for the best. I have very fond memories at the freedom factory. My wife and I spent our honeymoon there back in October of 2021. we went to both events and had a freaking blast. Thanks, cleetus, for that very special memory
Try to get both race tracks on the national historic reservation
done
Email sent! Thanks for letting us know.
These people ware me out bro.  They are track killers.  I don't see how you win this in the long run.  What a bunch of fuckin ass hats. So sorry.  I'm sending my email now
This should be posted on the main channel as well !!!
The sad part is if he can't outbid the lobbyist there is no hope. Finding dirt on said lobbyist is the only hope.
This should be on the main channel or at least a link to this video
You need to convince them you'll give them a better return on investment over them developing 4k homes 😑 Best of luck my man
I wish I could help!
Email has been sent! Thanks Cleetus!
Emails sent
Please put a link
You need to put this on the main channel to so as many ppl know as possible
The death warrant for racetracks and gun ranges.
This is admirable what you are trying to do ,but really doing anything except just outright buying all that land and telling them to F-Off there isn't much anyone can do.  This is what killed Second Creek Raceway in Denver which was awesome to have for car events and trackdays.  What was really crazy about Second Creek getting shut down what that it was only a few miles from DIA and they had a problem with racecars that rarely made much noise next to one of the busiest Airports in the country.  I just HATE land developers and all the companys that buy up land so they can build their dumb A$$ crappy subdivisions and Mcmansions on.  If you really do some digging I bet you will find there are some Overseas investors and companys behind all this $hit going on in the US today.  We have a new Racetrack in the Denver area, but it is way out east about an hour away from downtown. Good luck with trying to stop Urban sprawl.
😔we had a speedway track here in Auckland New Zealand. Had! Big business wont give a hoot about your racetrack unless they own it themselves. Money always comes first and rate paying home owners make more money than your racetrack. I HATE CAPITALISM AND THE MONEY THAT DRIVES IT. You might as well just hand that track to the W.E.F for demolition. Big time fan right here but our lives are slowly collapsing under the weight of socialism. Sadly...Getting angry may be our only option for any kind of future..... 😪😥😢😭🤬
They have it set up like that here in huntsville al. Dont know the ins and outs of it but the race track is there and the homes are too
Just sent email to all 7 members. Can’t be there in person being I live in KY but if I could be I would be. Keep up the hard work.  Never back down
Email sent!    Lets flood their inboxes and over fill the County chambers on Thursday!!! Let them know what Bradenton MSP and the FF mean to all of us!
EMAILS SENT.
They’re gonna feel it as well as hear it lol
For all the money you put in to the track and Victor at the drag I would be hiring some big shit lawyers to go after these developers. Drag it out as long as you can. Fight fire with fire. I wish that they would take into account your business improvement expenses in the last 2 years but sadly they won't give a shit especially if some comissioners get their pockets greased.
For some reason it won't let me copy the information from the description to email..
Man of the people
Email sent
In my area, there is an outdoor gun club that has been around for decades.  They allowed a couple of developments to go up around this club.  The developers neglected to tell home buyers they were right next to an active gun range.  Those developments were eventually abandoned and failed.    If they want to waste their money and fail...
This reminds me of when the homeless encampment next to Irwindale made a big deal about the noise.
Y'all need Whistlin involved
Wrote seven emails, added how a similar circumstance closed my local track. Garret I didn't use foul language and I said "Please".  🙏🙏🙏
Not sure if it is valid but sent my email from your northern neighbours 🇨🇦
Everyone needs to fill out that email, it’s so easy, and also would hate to see this track go down
Cleetus buy some of the land
should have posted this on the main channel. this is a big deal
Email sent. We're rooting for you, man!
I rocketed an email off to all of 'em for you. It's the least I can do for everything you've done for the community.
Emails set! We all have your back!
The way to fight this is for EVERYBODY to PEACEFULLY GO TO THE MEETINGS AND VOICE YOUR WORDS...PEACEFULLY...
Email sent... do ole Cleetus and those tracks a solid and take a few minutes to send an email or go to the vote in person if you are in that area.
Your parents may have partially been right to tell you to stay in law school because I believe those skills will certainly help you in times like these. All the best, hell yeah brother!
I wish I could come! From Canada! The emails are coming !
Look if we can all just start buying the houses next to the track and move to flordia. If this passes.
That's exactly what happend in utah. Crushed rocky mountain raceway to build townhouses.
Email sent, we’re behind you buddy!
It could be 2500ft and you’d still be able to hear them things like it’s next to you
reach out to DeSantis and ask for help/support……he graduated from Dunedin High in my class and sure he’d assist
emailed!  let's goo!!!!
Had several racetracks in NJ that closed by having development nearby, eventually they sold the track, tore it down, and built more houses.
As I'm thinking about this we are so close to being in a recession like an away and everything going to s*** so hopefully if it does pass that they will go bankrupt in about a year or two and no houses will be able to be built your race track will just be next to a bunch of empty lots
Sent that email from Canada!
You have our support
Just sent my email, and gave them some thoughts of what the racing community is and what these tracks mean to us. Bradenton and FF. Hope it helps brother.
THIS MEANS WAR!!
You should be grandfathered in bro look into that there the ones who wanna make more money off of taxes your track has been there
If it was a freeway they would already have started building. The race track was already there.
WE DONT NEED MORE PEOPLE IN FLORIDA
Dude youve had people from Canada and the west coast comment on this. Obviously you’ve had a very large impact on the racing scene, not only in Florida but nationwide. You need to ask the judge what’s going to happen to the local streets whenever that racetrack get shut down and all of those local car enthusiasts turn to street racing. Keeping your track open is a mater of public safety and public sanity.
i emailed them for you brother, wish I could be there in person
I just emailed on 12 different email addresses using all of my family's names as well as my own. It's a never ending thing, they push people out because of home, they build far... fast forward 5-10 years.... expands more.... pushes the already pushed out tracks even further until they just become nonexistent. Fuck that.
This happens to more than just race tracks, I have seen it happen to Golf courses, firearm ranges, local Airports and even Speed shops with Engine Dynos that had been in business for decades. Best of luck in your fight to keep the Freedom Factory up and running as a proper race track.
You might should consider putting this on the main channel.
I'm coming up brother!
Call orange man rad I bet can steer you in the right direction!!!!
That’s exactly why Myrtle Beach Speedway was closed and then tore down… The grew up at that track! I’ve been to the Freedom Factory! First race my son and I were ever able to go to was at the Freedom 500 this past April…
If I was in Florida I would 100% be there!
DONE As I may not be a Florida resident, I still am a racing enthusiast and am all for trying to shut this housing development down.
Thanks.. email sent
Put this on the main channel mate
They should just build a airport there
I guess Cleeters time at law school could be handy
I’ve been going to that track since my dad would put me on his shoulders and cover my ears while the likes of Dick Lahey, Connie Kaletta, Shirley Muldowney, Big Daddy and many other greats would go down that track
Email sent
I am surprised this is your problem considering you own property that has had to move once already and has been in place for many many years. If those that own the neighboring property want to make a change then its up to them to fit in. not to displace someone else. If that is their plan then fuck them and if we go out we will go out with a bang and make Florida a joke for allowing this to happen.
Honestly I grew up 4 miles from a racetrack and the weekends were noisy asf.
this is a call for the BOYS!
I'm from AUS and i'm gonna Emai...........l Keep the freedom
Most people will not buy a home with a active racetrack as an neighbor.  When people go look these homes that racetrack will stand out to any buyer.
You have big developers lobbying to make a bundle of money. Try to get agricultural interest to join you.
Emails sent. History should stand in the way of money and profit. United we stand, together we are strong, we shall not go peacefully into that good night. They will know we are here for our family!!
I hope this don't get approved  Many years I went to desto speedway and did race car pit crew staff for my teacher bobby dielh and the Fastruck series  If it was not for him I wouldn't have intrest in cars and how to work on them It made me be a automotive technician today I hope this don't happen we just lost all of our outside go cart tracks in tampa for housing development
We had the same type thing happen here to a chicken and egg farm . a local farm sold the land next door for housing and the people that moved in started complaining about the noise and the smell coming from the egg farm and the waste that was sprayed in the area twice a year . that egg farm was forced out by the town all because of a new development .
hit up desantis
Wish I could post my email on here!! I’m a local, go to every event and even helped the Klutch Kicker guys out when they were there with cones and running the event. I can’t make it to the courthouse in town that day but I will try my best to see if I can slide down there! Email in route to them, can’t go without a fight!
Cleet, this is a stretch, but…    Maybe you could put together the funding to purchase some of that land near the track to develop track-side style condos/homes. A neighborhood designed for race enthusiasts, more or less. That’d be next level.
Cut and paste the emails into the comments so I can copy and paste! You can’t copy and paste from a description section- only the comments section! God speed!
Perfect shirt for court 🤘🏼
Does that area  a flood area and if so why build houses.
Cleet you need to out this out on the main channel. Way more followers on there to help!
emails have been sent. I truly hope this helps.
ive watched this in northen ky ..look it up thorn hill dragway is one of the longest operating in the country ands it has died because of noise regulations by people whom have built near by...very sad
I’m no pro when it comes to this sort of thing, but one would think that there would be some kind of grandfathered law that the tracks were there first. If you don’t want to hear the train, don’t live by the tracks.
I vote knock the homes down, and build another track.
This is a problem
Here from Calgary Alberta Canada. Is their anything we can do to help in the frozen north? Will they accept emails from Canada?
Emails sent, brother. Best of luck!
Ya but they can sell all those homes for millions, and get millions in tax revenue. I’m sure the government doesn’t give a damn about people having a good time. They just want people to work, and make the rich, richer, and more powerful so they can take everything for themselves. It’s been going on since the beginning of time. Everybody wants the American dream. A big house in a quite, and peaceful neighbourhood, with a gas guzzling truck, an SUV for the wife, and a 401k. Just when you thought everything was going so well you, and the wife decided to have a baby. Now it’s almost like the powers at be want to ruin that kids future, and kill off your legacy.
"Hell No Brother, I oppose"
Email Sent!
Gotta bring mullet, toast and mystery machine to city hall and have 2 step, let council hear it form them selves.
Can you request a noise easement from the existing owners?  One single owner is easier to deal with, easements aer recorded and will be listed on a title insurance policy?
All the support I can give I will!!! Hell yeah brother WE GOT THIS!!! 🤘🇺🇸🤘
Track brings people > people want to live there > city wants more homes next to race tracks > people complain about noise > they get their way > racetracks shutdown > people stop coming to town > no one buys houses > City looses racetracks and people. Sounds like a win? No.
Make a video on the main channel too you need all the help you can get!
Sending e mails now, thanks for posting. Like I said on your FB post I will do all I can from Virginia.
DONE
Message sent loud and proud good buddy
BUlLD THE WALL BUlLD THE WALL BUlLD THE WALL BUlLD THE WALL BUlLD THE WALL BUlLD THE WALL BUlLD THE WALL BUlLD THE WALL
I’m studying urban planning right now and step one, I’m very happy you went and stood up in front of planning commission that is huge that you caught it that early.  I will try to do some research and ask around and see what Info I find so that you can best combat this development. You said some factual info and as we all know that is exactly how race tracts get tore down it from suburban neighborhoods being built right next to racetracks.
I'm sensing a huge car show this Thursday at 9am!
It's a shame that a purchase of some buffer property couldn't be negotiated. Through crowd funding it could be possible. Just a thought...
Capitalist development bullshit! It's a shame but the little man does not stand a chance against the deep pockets of massive developers unfortunately. I know the tracks bring in people but the amount of revenue generated to build and sell 4500 homes will surpass that.
Brother they dont give a shit about your race track. This is government were talkin about. They're trying to phase out cars to begin with. Plus the money they will make off of 4 or 5000 homes in taxes is 10x more than if you sold out everynight at the track. I will support you whole heartedly though. Even though they wont care.
I wish you the best of luck with this, we just had a bunch of ag land converted to housing around me and its reeked havoc.
not too late for you to go back to Law school....Just saying
25 foot walls don’t stop freeway noise let alone racetrack levels of noise.
Put this on the main channel.  It’s that big.
Remove our tracks, we race on the street. Fair game
Email sent! I grew up in Tampa and remember going to both tracks as a kid. I love that they're still around and I can bring my kids to make awesome memories. We have to stand up and make our voices heard or risk losing two more icons.
Email sent brother ✅
Ill be emailing them all. Your events are absolutely amazing and great for the local comunities they are held. In my area in Arkansas, we are victim to just this. A dirt track forced to close due to residential development, and continues to restrict a local dragstrip to be built. So we are forced to drive an hour and a half or more for a strip
You need to put this on the main channel as well
If all else fails just buy the houses within earshot and give them away to youtubers/subscribers/friends. Youtube loves giveaways just look at mr.beast lol
1 email = 1 entry for the next giveaway? 🤔
best bet is get local business owner to show up and oppose because of the revenue your crowds produce.
You know those greed driven developers will make claims that there just trying to reduce homelessness and save the environment, they don't give a rats ass about those issues, their in it to make maximum profit. And they probably already have a low ball offer ready to buy the freedom factory, once they get it shut down. And I hate to say this but America is run by lobbyists. Unless Mr Farland makes some very sizable political donations to the right people, I just can't see how he can win, America is set up to crush people like him. The money men will appeal and appeal and appeal, even if it goes all the way to the supreme court to get the decision they want.
Put this video on your main channel!!!  500k subscriptions vs 3 million is a big difference let’s save these tracks boys
They will make more money on property tax, real estate, local business , new businesses etc etc on the new development and around it then what your track alone would bring in.
I dun did it, yep!!!! It pays to mention that this park/racetrack helps curb the illegal racing we see casuing death after death on the roadways. Also, mention that in the photos that Garrett referenced, note the age of the folks in them, from extremely young, to people that probably help build the track. This is wholsome, family time that this country needs right now, and for them to basically sign a death warrant for the track, it will just promote devision of family time instead of encouraging it.
These poor folks email inboxes 😂
Sent!
I've seen plenty of tracks closed down in the UK because of more people moving in to the villages nearby, complaining about the noise, ending up killing off the track, and I'll fight it every chance I get. Anyone that's had half an eye on google maps since you bought the track has seen the massive development of new homes in the area since, and that is more than enough homes for the area, in my own opinion.  Where the hell do all these future homeowners think their food comes from anyway? Agricultural land is being decimated by housing everywhere, if people are gonna eat the food needs to be grown somewhere!
Email sent. Garrett, Please consider removing your hat and court appropriate attire for these appearances. Love you dude and I know youll give it your all.
Put this on your main page!
Cleetus you going up on the stand here was legendary. So humbly presented, what a great job making your case. All the best towards you and everyone involved! 🤙🏼
Time to see a massive automotive YouTube channels collaboration with the title on all of the videos saying we bought 2700 acers of farm land
OH NOS
Email sent. Best of luck from a frequent Bradenton visitor from Sweden.
Email sent. Stay strong brother.
Housing development shut my local track down a few years ago. Started with no noise after 10pm, then 8 shortly after.
I’ll buy a property next to the track and turn it into an Airbnb
Just like in Yellowstone, Cletus.. They want the land
You need to post this on your main channel it’s too important not to.
Contact Gov. Desantis.
Email sent, good luck Cleetus and crew
I emailed. Good Luck Cleet!
Ill definitely be emailing once i get to my computer tomorrow at work!!! Coming from Michigan brother!!! Had a local track (milan dragway) close because of this...luckily it was purchased agian and back up and running! Do it for dale!🤙
They did the same thing in my town. Racetrack has been there for 50+ years yet the city is closing it for the same reasons
These people dont care about history of the track, they dont care about the people that come to the track. They want to hear about tax revenue, they want to hear about benefits of the track to the county. The county commission only understands money. If you cant show them the value of the track is greater or at least equal to 4500 homes, your done. Look what they did to the palm beach dragstrip. It really sucks, but you have to speak their language and thats revenue
Email sent. Hope this stops!
ight everyone, if we all donate $1, our boy cleet mcskeet will then have an additional 2700 acres for all the toys lol, just think of the land for jet boat racing
Consider it done. Emailing as soon as this is over
Brother, you need to post this on your main channel and ask all your fellow YouTubers to repost on their channel.
I think it would have a bigger impact to the board stating harder that the hundreds of thousands of dollars lost if the tracks close down between. Taxes, hotels. Restraunts and local shops if the tracks shut down  from all of the events that get put on there
I'm sure this comment will be swallowed within the thousands of other comments but ironically I work in land acquisition for a national builder. I'll look into the application to see who is actually proposing to develop the homes but in this market lots of builders are actually backing out of properties. Not sure of the background of the site but I'm sure they will need do to entitlements so I'd say at least 3 years until actual ground breaking (that assumption is based on my market, not familiar with Florida).
Find out who owns the land buy couple hundred acres with some friends
Let’s come together boys !!! 💯🇺🇸🦅
I sent the. Emails.   I told them they should build  High Tech industrial park That could stand the noise And bring good paying jobs and and still get good tax money , with less traffic or let the ag-land stay ag-land 🤔       👍🏁🇺🇸🏁👍
This is what happened to my home track in Dallas ga
I emailed them all! 💪🏽
You should've brought one of the loud ones to make it clear that these aren't kitten purrs
Sounds like a future “spot of land” for Freedom Factory Lodging for Freedom Factory Fans! 🙏🏼
Classic case of money hungry developers
someones pockets are getting lined. you wont win this.
If this development gets stopped, the developers are going to sell the land so you and Victor better buy it so yall don’t have to go through this again.
I'm from Argentina and I've sent a mail already. We're together in this, Cleeter.
email sent, hope it helps!
Emails sent, very polite and honest, included all your stuff. Man I wish you the best on this.
How aweful all they want is money always need more money and new housing in terrible places and like you said ruin a great thing real fast
This is exactly what happened to our local track. Very sad racing closed after almost 70 years this year. The track has plans to move out further from the urban sprawl but in another 25-30 years it will most likely have to move again... very sad.
Amazing how a track been in place for years and some folks move in building houses and the track that has been there gets shut down. Seen to many time people build their home then complain about noise, like why did you even build right next to track. 🤦🏻‍♂️
This is not good. Sorry to hear this is happening but there's too much money involved for the state for this to not be passed. The developers will stand to make $100+ million in profits and the state will net $10+ million annually from the property taxes. They can either side with the money or a single small business owner. I don't see this ending well.
E-mail sent. You guys keep doing what you do, huge community behind you guys for support
Email sent. Thanks for standing up for the racing community. With great respect from one racer to another.
I'm in CA wish I could be there!! Never been to the track, want to come in 2023!!
Most Karen haircut I’ve seen, 2022 is a weird year
I'm in brother.  Email sent!  Whatever I can do to help!!
email sent .....
Just emailed from AZ....Hope it helps...Freedom Factory is a bucket list topper for me , and I don't want either track  to close before I can make it happen.
Sounds like you need 4,500 racers that want to live next to the tracks for easy access to more track time
Email sent brother. Mississippi has yalls back!
You put this on the wrong channel
I'm sorry to say they are 100% building money and taxes over everything especially people's personal happiness all hobbies are under threat from legislation made by the dick heads who profile from tax dollars
I unfortunately can’t be there in person, as I have fought your type of battle here in our town and I feel your pain brother, but I will send the email and get a few more to as well. Prayers are with you and the FF.  P.S. Congratulations on the little ripper!
Sent the email brother. Fingers crossed <3
Honestly sounds like 4500 lucky fans get the chance to live next to heaven....
Email will be sent
IDEA🎉 Jeremy Clarkson and yourself buy the land to farm on lmfao 😢
Trying to be optimistic about this but there is obviously a lot of money involved in this development and some of that money likely made it into the pockets of the very people who will vote to push this through, that's how things like this work.
Email sent brother.  Anything to help out
Put this on the main page!!!!
This is what killed Englishtown raceway park here in jersey. Sucks!
With all the problems with racing on the streets this should be seen as a overall safety concern if the track gets shut down.
Dang cleet! Nice job speaking your mind! Sounded very professional! I wish I could make it down. I will be emailing them though!
It appears it's been in the works before you purchased the track that's probably why they had it up for sale knowingly the outcome will not be positive(give it your best shot)
The developer can cover the costs since it is the developer who stands to lose ! He can cover his own problems !
I'm from Australia and will be emailing tonight
Leave it to manatee county to destroy a community gathering spot so that they can put more overpriced housing in.
DONE - EMAIL SENT - SAVE THE RACETRACKS!!!!
EPA is attacking us by land development. Sneaky way of getting rid of racing
We had a drag strip down the road from me up until the 70s, what do you think happened…. So sad.
EMAIL SENT!!!!!!!!!! LOVE WHAT YOU DO CLEET!!!!
Email sent
Ask the governor to come to one of your events! Long shot but it might work!
Can I send an email even if I'm not from the USA (im from canada)
Same thing happened at English Town Raceway park in Old Bridge NJ. What a shame. You forgot to mention at town hall how many street racers your track keeps off the streets. The best of luck. Unfortunately I seen this exact scenario go down. Fuckin shame too.
As I recently mentioned  about OCIR Dragstrip  being closed in 1983 due to the land being rezoned  for housing . And the  Military  base MCAS El Toro  being also closed  I was stationed at MCAS El Toro from 1981-84  . And the number of noise complaints the base received from angry homeowners  was insane . I guess they didnt like the sound of freedom hearing F4 Phantoms  flying Morning  and evening  patrols  24/7 365 . If the homeowners would have researched and finding out the Irvine ranch had a active  military base . Then why would you buy a house there !!!
Send the Legion !
As soon as heard about the new housing being built i knew exactly what that meant
Everyone we need to come together and save the freedom factory
If all YouTube army would show up.  From all car and truck channels. SAVE FUN.   Save freedom      FFactory
I happily contributed to the cause and sent an e-mail to all commissioners. Lets hope the voice of The People will be heard by our government entities.
Until then put signs all over the roads in that area stating that there is a race track within so many miles so people are aware I grew up around that race track we’re all behind you
Okay let race on the road and see what they think
Create as big of a list as you can of the tracks that have gone away due to urban encroachment and the method of which it happens. They move in, don't like the noise that the tracks make....and eventually get them shut down by imposing noise ordinances. Tracks that have existed for nearly a century go away and due to the cost to build them....never come back. Include the serious amount of money that has been invested into those 2 tracks.
You bet if I could I would be there myself but living in California that just is not possible.
Well spoken Garrett I would do that in a heart beat however my address in Hong Kong might not be taken well.  Hope you get lots of support please put this out on your other socials if you haven’t already.
put that almost law degree to work.  got to be some sort of ecological impact to the freedom factory.
Well if all else fails time for some racers to buy a new home next to the track! Lol
Share with Bradenton local news
Fix the email addresses. Two are messed up.
Just bought a plane ticket, see you thursday. Side thought, what if OL Cleeter just went ahead and bought all that land? Problem solved.
emails sent all the luck in the world to ya i bet you will be surprised who shows up to the courthouse.
You really might want to put this on the main channel as well because you will most definitely have so much more supporting people see this and so many more people will reach out to make sure we can see them bald eagles rip!!!
Good luck with your fight. Email sent. Wish we had a track nearby. Sadly, all we have here are run-down dirt tracks and hills 🤣
Boom Done ...help from IN
Sad day in America. Defend the house 🏰🏰
We have your 6
It would be awesome if hundred thousand people showed up lol
Garrett, I know these folks and the ranch/farm. They are going to pass it. Taylor’s are too connected for it not to happen.  They were going to be moving a lot of dirt, asking them to build a berm, as well as the wall would be the best possible outcome. Good luck brother, manatee politics are run by the large land owners.
I live about 5 miles from barber in Birmingham and I can still hear it but I like to sit on the deck and listen.  Houses that close is a bad idea.
Building houses next to a racetrack , it always ends one way 😢
FIGHT FOR YOUR RIGHR BROTHER.  WE ALL LOVE THIS CONTENT
Yeah that 25ft wall ain’t gonna do a thing we live nearly 5miles from the local dirt track and when I’m there i often get calls from my grandma at home on clear summer nights when she’s been sitting on the porch listening and don’t hear the cars anymore asking if we’re gonna be heading home right away or if we tore the car up and will be a little while getting loaded up or are helping someone get there stuff loaded that did
Sad to see that your already going threw bullshit and theres not even tenants Fact of the matter is they were counting your property probably saw it abandoned for years and had a shit attack when they seen you make it successful.
That's kind of cool like build a f****** 25-ft wall so people don't hear at racetrack but we can't build one on our Southern border cuz that's mean
good luck brother to many have shut down here in Texas for the same reason
Email sent
Love how cleet rocks his hat the whole time.. please tell me there were burnouts leaving! Jk.. kinda
This is ridiculous they did this in sac ca and tryed to shut down sac raceway, they need to leave tracks alone or build houses and tell residents to shut up and deal with it
We gonna make em get new emails
Living in the UK there is not much I can do. But. This is big business making quick money, they don't care about the people or small businesses or any heritage. They will make their money and move on. We live in the electronic age, if you are American and enjoy watching Cleetus on You Tube. It doesn't take much to email a polite objection to the relevant authorities and Cleetus getting support from all over America will be hard to ignore. 💪💪
email sent
Then they wonder why people turn to the streets to have their fun
Whats so sad is didnt the crew who owns the drag strip just dump a TON of money rebuilding and investing in that place? Fucking bummer man
Race tracks ain’t golf courses
Unfortunately you’ll lose this. Better start planning ahead now for life after owning a race track. It’s happening all around the country.
Good luck you see this happen all the time Airports ,Race Tracks and just about all sporting area's come under attack from Money Hungry people when it comes to Land Development . lol from Thailand.
Gettem Cleet! We have to save the tracks that they want us at. Or it's back to the streets where they don't want us.
A little more heads up next time fella
Put this on the main channel... Please Share. Garrett, please put this on the main channel.
Dude we need to literally have all the racers move to the neighborhood and buy the entire neighborhood of houses
I oppose!
Sent my Email!!!! I'm from Ontario Canada I haven't made it out to see a race yet but have definitely been planning on it, and this housing development ain't gonna be what stops me.
1 person disliked this.. I bet it is the owner of the land lol...
I’m emailing. Good luck, Garret. 🤞🏻🤞🏻
Just emailed Cleetus good luck
Get people to buy the land and you can do what you want with it
As someone who grew up in Daytona Beach, I can tell you that you can hear the race cars from miles away.
All 7 emails sent brother,  I hope it helps.  Ive been with you from the beginning and want to see the racing community stay alive
Emails sent.
email sent.  Hoping for the best for you all.  Have seen this so many time.  Worst part, I have seen it happen, they shut the tracks down.  Then don't even build for various reasons.  75/80  dragway in MD is a good example.  I thought FL was doing the big push on these investors that are buying up farmland and turning it into residential.  Something about links to China and questionable business practices.
So I get to send them all another email? Awesome!!!
If you are watching this and you are not local write an email anyways!!! Every single one will help!
Email Sent!
I moved here from long island a few months ago. I met you at the track a month ago. This will be my home track now. Where I lived our tracks got closed exactly this way and even the most famous real estate developer in the world couldn't over come the county. That being said I'll do everything u ask and will be there Thursday. This upsets me greatly.
Sent the email brother don’t let them win !!!
Already sent the email as soon as I saw it on the BMP Facebook page
Cleetus buy the land, gofundme
Lol fuck land developers, wish you guys well.
A example a top fuel dragster hits over a 150 dB when accelerating explain to me how they're going to try and combat that type of sound I've been to many top fuel races you could be as far as a 1/2 a mile or further away and you could hear the car's accelerating There's no way they're going to combat that sound Even a typical race car hits over a 120 130 dB
Imma not going to be able to make the trip to FL from IN , but I did email all the politicians. Good luck brother. If the politicians represent their citizens, as they say they do, then you will perservere.
Sent because all my local tracks are gone due to the same things.
What BS!!! You were there first 🤬🤬🤬
Everyone needs to come together and help Cleetus
Only other way is buy all the land around it lol whistlen diesel style lol
Our only drag strip in Utah was shut down for this very reason
@whistlingdiesel do your thing 😮‍💨 make sum hater tears
How stupid can you honestly be... to think a 25 ft fence will stop the sound of a 2,000 hp straight piped car.  You could have a 500 foot tall fence 25 feet thick and you would still hear it easily.  Honestly dont know how some people make it threw life.  Have every right in the world to fight it, but sadly youll never win.   Really unfortunate , and the worlds running out of food, and you just destroying 2,700 of land ?  Like give your head a shake people
Tell them to do a financial evaluation to see what's more economical for the area... you bring thousands of humans through there yearly damage near millions and it will get there I swear but not of they pass this :(
IMO...youre fighting a battle that you can't win. If the county & State are weighing in in what is the better choice, it's a no brainer. The 4500 new homes will bring in approx $12,000,000.00 per year in property taxes alone. When you factor in the new sales, payroll and other taxes, it's an even bigger windfall for Govt. Instead of fighting this now, use this as an opportunity to sell your property and get the County and State to give you a large parcel further out of town to build a new facility and be financed by special tax incentives, including municipal bond & tax increment financing. This is how the big NASCAR tracks are financed. Go build a Super Sized destination Racing Complex.
I think the only way you can change the direction of this measure is to build a business case that's better to your county than residential.  Clearly light industrial or heavy commercial would be better.  For all.  (FL is residential heavy due to Disney, RETIREES, and AIRBNB)  BUT.  You have means.  Your friends have means.  Your followers have means.  KICKSTARTER HAS MEANS.  AND AS A STARTUP FOUNDER AT @learnyourbenefits (Brian) CROWD FUNDING HAS MEANS.  Let's build a crowdfunded business plan for an as yet named corporation to commercially develop a buffer portion of this land.  Florida is the family destination of the world.  Bradenton should now be the socially connected, incubator for car and racing YouTube channels.  I've been a part of startup incubators.  You got Boostedboiz to come down.  You can get  50 more, so let's commercially develop the area, and raise far more county revenue via the hotel, restaurant, and sales tax.  You alone raise 50k in county revenue, every year, if not more.   Your corp, backed by other channels, could raise more county revenue than some FL homes.  Be the YOUTUBE Disney (for lack of a better FL comparison).
Emails sent brother! It really bothers me that something like this could happen to the track/business that is thriving.
Good luck brother. Hope you can stave off the development. Same thing happened with live music venues. They develope residential accommodation around the venues and then the new residents run the venues out.
Why don't they put a buffer zone of comerical development next to the track? Buildings an infistructure are more effective than a wall.
If it passes I’ll buy a house over there🤔
That's some BS! So annoying. Literally happened to a track 20 miles from my house.  Track has been sitting out in the middle of nowhere and what happened... they started building.  Track got closed.
Emails sent.  I'm not sure it mattered but I sent each email separately.  These commissioners are going to have thousands of emails... they may not be able to count 'em all up by Thursday (LOL)
This is how it starts…then before you know it developers will be trying to buy the property….welcome to florida.
I wish I could make it from Michigan. I hope this gets stopped. We need to save our racetracks
We're going to crash their servers with oppositions
Brother, you completely left out the SAFETY of keeping racing off the streets. SAFETY is what gets things done.
Mannnn if anything happens you best make em regret the decision screaming bald eagles 🦅 🎉😮
This is bull shit build homes next to race tracks the have them shut down
I’m from NY and I have emailed all 7, I’ve personally been to both Bradenton and the freedom factory and it is an awesome time. All of my local tracks have closed their doors and it would be a shame to see the same thing happen here. Rooting for you guys, keep racing alive, keep doing what you guys do!
Email sent
Its gonna suck, all the fast drag cars cant drag race on a track safely anymore, lots of people in texas already race on the streets... I cant imagine how many people will be street racing/endangering lives. Im not against racing, i watch these videos plus many more car channels. Its just the truth, people will go to the streets not the track. Houston will regret closing their doors.
Girl and I just emailed. Kevin isn't going through for me for some reason. Says I'm blocked.  Let's keep the FF and BMSP open!
Clete, what you can do is look into applying for zoning for the race tracks which give you thousands of acres where dense housing cannot be built.
This happened near me in Vernon BC, Canada and they SHUT THE RACE TRACK DOWN!!
Emails sent from the Hoosier State.
Just submitted an email. We must keep the Freedom Factory’s legacy alive!
hey cody he splashed his friend
Cleet. you took law school for this exact moment. You killed it in court. Im gonna support this no matter what!!!
Email sent my man, All about saving the track youve worked so far for and im from New hampshire where racing is doing ok but not great. I hope this works and good luck on thursday
Hate to say it but I think you are SOL.  City/States want that tax dollar from the houses etc.  Need to find another way to 'grandfather' the race track in.  Good luck man.
Just a thought here, but have you or any of your people considered offering to buy the more adjacent sections of land to creates some space?  Would that help in addition to having a sound wall I wonder?   But yeah, we don't want to see your racetrack go by the wayside.  I have caught some of your shows especially in the beginning right after you bought the track.  Been doing some really good work down there.  I would hate for it to be compromised like this.
This needs to be the foundation of saving future Dragstrips /Racetracks, and be  the epitome of doing such a task. This can be looked at as the tracks who stood for what they believe in and protected the Drag🚦 Life and made the key difference. And hopefully be what future tracks can refer back to for what worked. I know you'll be professional in your protest and I respect the hell out of this . Taking the time to email everyone listed now , will help.anyway needed in the future as well.
Wow! This sucks…. In the area that grew up there was one one the most storied and historied clay oval short tracks, until the mid-90’s… Santa Fe Speedway, in Willowbrook, IL… As I recall, a developer built a subdivision of about 40-50 upscale residences adjacent to the track and, within a few years, the property owners were up in arms about the noise and were pursuing litigation against the track and its owners. I hope that a similar fate doesn’t befall Bradenton Motorsports Park and The Freedom Factory. Their contribution to the local area and economy are much greater than the obvious gate fees and concession taxes… I hope that they can continue to thrive and bring joy to all who attend events, whether in person or online! Keep up the good fight!
This pisses me off, we moved the tracks to the country like you said, and now they’re placing houses right next to them anyways.
In the UK if you are there first it's tough s*it. America really isn't the land of the free.
What can us people from out of state do to help you with keeping freedom factory from being shut down due to greedy realtor investors ?!? Let us know @cleetus2mcfarland
Email sent
The general public doesn’t actually understand what living next to a race track means. They’ll sign whatever thinking it’ll only mean a bit of noise for a couple hours once a month. Same goes for stuff like shooting ranges. Then add in that realtors will try to only show houses when it’s quiet to downplay the noise.  But, I don’t understand why the city/state is normally unwilling to tell people that’s just the way it is. The tracks and their noise were established long before the homes were built. But, I guess at the end of the day a bunch of homes are way more votes than the few people at the track.
Email sent from Germany 🇩🇪  I guess some person will look a bit confused if they see that I wrote an email to support Cleetus and the Freedom Factory, being a German citizen living in Germany, but: I don’t care! I don’t want to see the next iconic racetrack die! Fingers crossed! Kind regards from Germany 🇩🇪, Philipp 👋
Emails Sent, I'm squeezing in a quick trip for Christmas tree drags from Houston \,,/,
Email sent
I live by an airport it's not that bad but sometimes it gets loud.
Done 🤘
These damn investors screwing good people for their monetary gain, pathetic assholes.
Dude, we need the ag land more then more cookie cutter houses!
Easy. Buy the land from them
Another reason to hate the government with a passion. Oh some money coming in AND IS GROWING?...FU.....shit housing makes MORE $$$$$$$$$$$$$$ now.
It’s all about greedy government and tax base.  I hate to say it but your fighting a huge uphill battle.  Good luck and we will be emailing to show our support for the track.
You need to run for senate why the hell not at this point you know how to get a point across to the big shots
There's a lot of money involved and they all will get paid( legally or not). Sorry Cleetus, it's over.
Email sent!
you need to bribe someone...
You know as well as I do that as soon as the homes are built and people move in they’ll make a noise law and shut you down. People are a holes, period. To that end, I commit to future violations should that occur. I will personally destroy peace and quiet if they have their will.
You are calling for a massive long shot. Land developers go to lunch with the very people you are asking them to turn down. You should already have an attorney.
You need to understand this is going to about Tax Dollars. Doesn't matter how many people you bring in or how successful these two tracks are. When you compare these tracks to the future homes they want to build next to the tracks, the future developments will bring in way more revenue for the government vs 2 tracks per year. You'll need to bring up getting street racers off the streets by keeping the tracks open and what not. Safety concerns. etc. Just heads up. All for more tax dollars. I hope you guys will be able to win this.
20 years ago I watched my childhood track spanaway speedway die this same death ... My earliest and best memories destroyed by these uppity suburbanite Karens!!!
Keep the faith brother! I was actually just down in Indian Shores for vacation all the way from Wisconsin Dec 4th to the 9th. Yes I missed the drags.....but I drove to the freedom factory, I saw bradenton motorsports park in person. I took my selfie with the gate giraffe. I will email my support. And I own .00002% of leroy 2.0!!!!
You can clearly see all those people give two shits what he has to say.  All they see is major amounts of money and that’s what lines their pockets. So sad.  I hope this doesn’t happen to them.
Wish I could make it brother so I'll email those people!
It sounds like you're gonna have to buy a farm.
Us, as a community must stuck together!! I am sending the email now! What you have done for the racing/car community is one of the most amazing things I've witnessed and I am so grateful for you, and every single person that makes these things possible to enjoy. Also the appreciation for all the awesome people that attend, and all the wonderful people I've met that have changed my life for the better! I wish I could be there Thursday, but I'm stuck in Texas.
Go ahead and post this on the main channel Cleet.... it's OK!
the only track I know of that this surprisingly DOES work for is the one in Maple Grove NJ where the NHRA's run. those are where some ommish people live.  surprisingly the couple houses that are right literally where Cleatus's hand was pointed on the picture, is where some of the home owners would go out and sit on the grass to watch!. I hope this doesn't get approved. I don't want you loosing what you just finished putting your heart and sole into!!
They better not shut down the freedom factory
Sent that e-mail with all my heart in it! Fingers crossed brother! Lets crowd-fund buying the land adjacent to the track...
This is sad. Fremont drag strip by me closed before I could enjoy it.. Dad always said it was the most fun a family could have.. sucks.
we lost a track here in NJ to ppl moving/building next to a race track.. Raceway park Englishtown NJ, historic track that now is limited use and has basically died to the influx of ppl moving in without disclosure to buying next to a track.. so sad.. I hope all goes well with you guys. FIGHT!!!!
cleetus i live 15 miles from Road Atlanta here in Northeast Georgia and on certain days I can hear races going on down there.
Emailed my opposition from Alberta Canada and I hope all the fans of racing and subscribers do as well 🤘🏻 maybe try claiming that new housing zone is racist 🤪
This is exactly the same thing that happened to my beloved Atlanta Dragway. Only Paradise Dragstrip, Road Atlanta, Atlanta Motosports Park, and Atlanta Motor Speedway remain. I will fight for them and the Freedom Factory!!!!! Don’t let these evil, disgusting government tyrants bring you down!!!!! Don’t let them take away what we love!!!!!
Sorry brother I’m from Massachusetts
Typically the issue is not even the first new home owners, they are made aware of and, as you said, typically sign letters acknowledging this. The issue will really be the people they sell thew property to in a couple of years or the corporations that buy up the properties and then sell or rent. I am with you, this will be bad.
Email SENT! Love your passion for your work and assets keep on keeping on!
So, the 15th is my girlfriend’s birthday, but I just talked to her and she’s okay with us coming from Daytona the night before to be there (I’ll be there, she’ll be in the jacuzzi at the Hilton).
It's all about tax review for the county. There's no winning against rezoning.
It’s time to buy the land from the developers
👍👌🙏
Every house track built near a racetrack SHUTS DOWN THE RACETRACK!!!!    Ask Englishtown...
Money is the root of all evils.... Find the names of those who stand to make bank.  Look into all the people voting for it.  If they are related to landowner or contractors etc.  Please pray for the racers🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲.   Don't back down.
email to all has been sent. We NEED the Freedom Factory and Bradenton Motorsports Park.
I live 10 miles from our dragstrip in central Indiana...when Nationals comes, I can hear rumblings of the races (and love it!)...a 25 ft. fence, yea, that'll do the trick. 🤦
Wow. That's sad. Hope this all blows over  don't wanna loss our freedom
The fact of the matter is that if the tracks get shut down in the future the amount of street racing is going to ruin that whole area. If you take away the safe place to race then everywhere becomes Mexico. As a law enforcement officer the best thing for them to do is to build elsewhere.
Email sent wish we could come in person
Absolutely ridiculous. The developer should buy the track or piss off.
Cleet buy the land and reach out to NRCS with USDA and put a permanent easement on it so it can never be used for anything other than farmland!
Same story at every race track there is, people complaining about noise wanting it shut down. I get flipped off by neighbors of my local track every time I go there 😂😂
"Big Money"  Duck and cover.   Very hard to win.  Try for one house every 3 acres.
Love you cleet but i dont think will make much of a diffrence  it really comes down to them waxing the pockets and they dont look at the history they care about the billons they will be able to tax while building and after i love both tracks i was raised there but i also know how this goes 99% of the time i pray they vote against it because it will be the end of two great places for people fleeing cali to come and mess up florida
Meanwhile in here SE Michigan where cars are in our blood, we have a racetrack right in the middle of the city(M1). Hoping clearer heads prevail in this nonsense Cleetus.
Sent. I support you 100% and will do what I can to help. Thanks for all you do.
US 30 drag strip was closed because of this years ago, was a very sad for everyone in the area.
the only thing that could work is homes attached to the racetrack like they do with golf courses...   racers would move there to use the track year round as part of home ownership.  use that huge land to build a road course with homes also
Have a look a what happened to oran park raceway Sydney and Wakefield park in Australia  with closing down due to house being build to close to race tracks
If I’m correct Florida now has 2 drag strips, and if it passes there would only be one left (OSW). And also because of the takeover problem in Florida if that strip closes then there’ll be more people taking the racing to the streets which no one wants. Hoping it doesn’t get approved
I hope there is a special part of hell for developers where they get a taste of their own medicine for all eternity. They recently developed around me, and i absolutely hate every minute of where I live know, even though 2 years ago I loved my location. But I do love this… non of my new neighbors knew what they were getting into with my multiple loud LS projects and a, super loud Subaru that’s very far from stock (and in all intentions was going to be a full blown track car, but life happens, and no, it’s never been vaped in nor had a COB accessport, only professional tunes lol)
I live in Texas and can't attend in person but I have sent my opposition email.  Best wishes for Thursday!
4500 plus homes no one can afford  People  will race give them freedom
Email sent.  Let's do this boys.
Join forces BUY THE FUCKING LAND!
this sucks man, towns just wanna build huge housing projects for no reason.
Email sent. Took 2 minutes, tops. I was unable to copy the text description from the YouTube app on Android so I opened YouTube in a browser window and copied from there.  NO EXCUSES. Do what he asked. If your opposition doesn't count for any reason, they won't count it. Thank You, Cleetus!
see you in the morning bro
"Racing culture literally saved my life. When I adopted racing I was at the lowest point ever and needed something to drag me out. I came across Garrett Mitchell's Youtube Channel "Cleetus Mcfarland" and was immediately entertained and entranced by it. It motivated me to get into the hobby, and the car culture, meeting some of the best people I ever have known.  I now Drag Race and Race SCCA, and would someday like to come to Bradenton for an Event at the Freedom Factory and the Drag strip and race my cars. But by allowing Homes to be put in right next door you would ultimately destroy that chance. Walls or barriers would not stop the noise. It has been tried before and failed every time. the residents that would move in would mean the death of racing in that county, and with it the tourism dollars it would bring in. I fully oppose this Ordinance."
They complain about street racing and tell people to be safe, and go to your local track. Yet they do things like this and force tracks to shut down. Stupidity…
Shouldve thrown in that if ppl aren't racing at a designated area, they will go out and do it on the streets in manatee County. Thus make way more noise and disruption 🤣
Leguna Seca is a prime examples of things that will go wrong with a neighborhood near a race track, plus all the countless ones of that have had to shut down... I hope you guys can fight this and win..
Everyone needs to make a promise, you attend an event at either track, you will not spend a dime in Manatee County. No food. No gas. No hotel. At least hurt tax dollars.
Are gun club in Wisconsin built-up right on property.  A gun club in Minnesota have houses built-up on property  Last lot sold for $100000.00 just for lot. Tiny lot's.  There building up here crazy. Good luck you will have battle ahead good luck
Clerer went to law school. Aint playing games.
Im from sweden, and i have done my part by mail. I realy hope we win this battle
God I hope 1000's of people show up to the hearing!
God Bless America 🇺🇸  Freeeedooom......
main page this
Your gona have to buy em out..we lost our racetrack in Eugene Oregon from this same reason. It's all about the money..good luck bud hope u guys get this worked out..
Freedom Factory is also known in all 4 corners among petrolheads. For a non FiA race track and still new , it's hell of a achievement for a country with polarized culture.
Did what I could, GL & GB
This needs to be in the main channel
I'm in the oil/gas industry and I know u love that track....but they way our industry works is....BIG OLD PAYOUT....and u can build ya a whole new one.
Local to me there is a previously small town, it has had a major demo derby every year since the 50s that runs multiple nights in a row. They built up all around it with subdivisions and now the residents are trying to get the events canceled. They need to consider this stuff more closely before changing zoning
Wish I can be there but the email is done which I explained the same happened here at raceway park Englishtown NJ they shit the drag strip down . The more they close it tracks the more problems there will be with illegal street racing . An people get hurt . I wish you the best an if there is anything else we can do please post it an I’m sure the cleet crew will be behind you
I watched Dallas drag strip die from this very thing.  So tragic.    I hate it bro.  Better pass the bar and switch gears.
Email sent! Please everybody else send the email as well!!
Email sent.
Buy the land and turn it into a giraffe sanctuary. No more homes.
Email sent brother!
Email sent. Good thing u had all that lawyer schooling!
Keep up the good fight!
No problem at all. Done and done bud. I'll tell everyone I know that loves your content!
To many fuckin people on the planet.. 1/3 of what is here, are dumbfucks. Seems to be a Lose/lose for freedom. Mad respect from a car guy tho that u r doing all that can be done to save our sport.
I love that your whole heart is in this
These people how no idea who there messing with. We have your back cleet.
Too much money to be made of those homes this isn't good . Everybody wants to move to Florida
They remove race tracks they better expect more ‘takeovers’. Idiots will be out in abundance.
Build the homes and sell them to car and racing lovers so all the homes go to people that want to race or at least love cars then everyone is happy
Post this on your main
There was neighbors all around are local dirt track for years. The last generation that moved in to them homes started bitching and they got there way. It was a half mile circle the biggest around our area for MILES. They even had a race that brought in the big names of modified racing The Gopher 50 it went from a night to an afternoon to non existent real quick. It sucks I hope you the best.
Racetracks are just like snowmobile trails up north. Everyone who ACTUALLY lives in the counties and towns next to these KNOW that they are a revenue maker. Each year every winter THOUSANDS of snowmobilers head up north and spend million of dollars allowing the small rural towns to live year to year.   Just look at how many people show up on drag week or sick week or LS fest west or countless other drag and drives contributing to the revenue and small buisness owners.
Concord,NC tried this with Z Max Dragway and Bruton Smith years ago.. he hadn't even built it yet..but had it zoned and paid tax on it as if it was a drag strip for years.. house people tried to stop it.. city council sided with homeowners.. Bruton granted had lots money..said F You.. I'll move whole track to a diff county.. he was gonna do a bunch upgrades anyways..put word out. It kicked off a shit storm.. in the end.. cost the County 74 million dollars and they renamed street after him to kiss his ass so he stay. Apples to oranges..but yeah
Those peoples emails are going to freeze and lock up with all these emails that are coming 😂
It's not just race tracks! These developers know exactly what they're doing. Usually buddy, buddy with the planning commission. Get it approved and wait for the complaints to come in. They'll be right there to offer you money when it's shut down. And it will be a low ball offer. They know enough people, you won't get a better one. Greed and stupidity is rampant. And you can't explain it to the stupid ones. There's almost always a plan going on in the background that you and I are not privy to. It most definitely involves money. None of which you or I will see. We're just obstacles.   I wish you luck. Really do. Fight it to the end. Cost them as much in legal fees possible! I'll do what I can but, have been unsuccessful in numerous attempts around me. When 80% of the county shows up to shoot it down and still passes........it was already decided.
I think this is important enough to be on the main channel. How much is that land worth? How many people would donate to help buy it. Desperate times call for desperate measures.
It's truly bullshit that tracks are being destroyed because communities are building right up against them then complaining about noise
Florida loves their walled off housing communities and retirement communities… The tracks are defiantly getting bulldozed.
Cleatus, would be happy to share some information with you, Since we in orange county we have been fighting  urban sprawl, past the urban service line since 2009 with a group called save orange county,  And we have faut and continue to fight for the rual lands, thousands friends of florida is a great resorce, willing to offer advise. Thanks
Emails sent and I BCC'd you if you want to see what I wrote.
also more street racing if safe tracks are closed.   exactly the opposite of what cops want.
Just sent the email and also did it for my parents, let's go brother, we"ll get through this one
Please put this on the main channel! It will be the only way to get the most individuals!
Email sent.  Thank you for telling us how to help and allowing us to do so!
Go figure.... that stinks to high heaven. Let's help Cleetus keep what we all love  !!! I did my part for you and just finished emailing all of the people listed.  Good luck with this Garrett, we are pulling for you.
THat is some Laguna Seca type BS right there.
maybe a bunch of us hunting guys can buy that land to hunt on? deer come to watch the races then... kapow!
Those people only see money, the people they’re connected to only see money. You need a grassroots movement to stand up and fight against this issue and you need it yesterday brother. I hope nothing happens to the tracks, I dream of coming to an event at the FF someday and taking my kids with me as well and continuing the car culture
We sent an email! if anyone needs an example of what to type, here's what we sent!    Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048   This racetrack has brought joy, entertainment, and inspiration to so many people. It would be a tragedy to see this racetrack slowly die because of the construction of houses and its unprepared occupants.  I, (YOUR FULL NAME), residing at (YOUR ADDRESS), oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048   Thank you for your time, (YOUR NAME)
I think you guys really need to get Adam in on your team... Him being another Florida resident I think the Cleetus fanbase combined with the AdamLZ fanbase would blow them away.
How many people could you try and presale DRAGFRONT housing to?
Just sent out my emails.  Subject line:  RE: Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048   Body of Email:   Respectfully,   I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048.   Both race tracks next to the property are great resources for locals as well as tourism for the area.  There are hundreds/thousands of people that travel throughout the year from out of state to participate or attend the various events.  Also, the tracks are a legal option to help reduce/keep illegal racers off public streets and back-roads.    It’s just not realistic to expect a 20+ foot berm/mound of dirt to block the sound of the cars and race announcers using the PA Systems.  Even the lights at night will be a disturbance for home owners.  This property is simply not well suited for family residences.  Thank you for your consideration.  Sincerely,  Insert:  Your Full Name               Street Address               City, State, Zip Code              Nation (if out of the United States)
See if u could buy some land as a buffer?
Should have had your shop two step checking in the parking lot to put it in perspective…
Just go buy the land. Clteeer next to the track. Brother
Get @whitslindiesle to get people there n share it lmao
Respectfully oppose needs to be reiterated!  Please everyone be smart!
WE GOT YOU CLEET!
Feel like we could get the help of the drifting community as well, LZ and the like, seeing as it would also hurt the drifting events held at the Freedom Factory
Emailed! I have personally been affected by this very thing happening. I lost the ability to drift at Pats Acres Raceway Complex in Oregon, my home track and where I cut my teeth drifting at. I hope our collective effort can stop this development from happening and continue the legacy you have built.
Go y’all GO!
Generally speaking zoning is stupid. People should be able to do almost anything with there property without permission from neighbors or the government. The developers should be allowed to build and garret should be allowed to keep running the freedom factory how he wants. People who move next to an existing racetrack and expect it to be quiet are basically stupid.
The tax value of that development to the county makes this a no-brainer for them.  There is no benefit to them NOT doing this.
Very eloquently said 👍🏼
this should not need to be said but please don't go attacking public officials via email, and if you don't live in the state/county then you are not entitled to oppose  you can send a email, make your voice heard but non-residents really don't get a vote and might be seen as brigading
Im a very long ways from Florida otherwise I’d come. I will absolutely send an email though!
You got it brother!!!! Sent everyone an email.
Sadness
This exact same thing happened at fontana speedway and pomona speedway in California they built the same wall these people are talking about  and still had residents complain until they shut down the tracks and only operate a couple times a year for nhra and Nascar. sad to see
Email send from Queensland Australia. We too are struggling to keep our tracks open due to this exact issue.
Email servers about to get lit.
Always killing peoples dreams
Garrett can not be there on Thursday. Did send emails to all the Manatee county members. Hope that helps. But on the other side of things you have investors in on that development.  Getting together with a group of people and buying the land and keeping it undeveloped or turning it into a off-road park instead might be the way to go.
get Maddie up there..she might win it for ya. the town doesn't care..that tax money is what they want.
This is just an idea would maybe a demonstration of how loud the cars are help this in any case not go through?
Please post this video on your main channel
Wish I could copy and paste on my phone
It's sad to say...but the only way Cleet gets around this is to make some large donations to the county commissioners
This is exactly what killed so many short tracks around the south over the last 50 years. Raleigh speedway being one of the bigger tracks. I will be sending my email in to support this cause as I can't be there in person.
They can't do this. McFarland racing is the future. Either way your the future of racing. But it started at the freedom factory.
Race tracks been there longer screw those homes!
I can't attend the meeting, but I sent the email to the county commissioners. Good Luck Cleetus!
Why do we have a group of people telling you what you can or can’t do on your property? Sounds very authoritarian
Same thing is happening to our local Bay Park Stadium in New Zealand 😣😭
Need the Vargas brother Kyle and others in the parking lot sitting on 2step
Sent email. Hope it helps
cant let this happen
Cleet put this video on your main channel
The minute the developer bought the land you were done! Boards don' t give a damn about your racetrack!
I hope this works out for you guys! Really sucks to see so many historic places getting shut down. Also, 3 homes per acre?! Talk about cramped! Sounds like a crappy plan to me. There's plenty of land in Florida that can be used for homes away from these tracks.
We all know the crazy reach of whistlinDiesel and I feel like if he were to put the word out there.... hundreds of people would show up to support the cause as well as many of your followers. I hope this development gets shot down and these assholes fail. Tired of seeing our racetracks getting shut down.
This is so ridiculous.
Race tracks will be a lot quieter when everything is electric 😬😬
Emails sent. My wife will be sending them as well here shortly!
I immediatly and respectfully sent them an email opposing this.... Thank you for saving our race tracks.
gonna be tough man..get some better clothes  next time.
Back in Rochester, New York the Monroe county fairgrounds had one of the best dirt tracks in the country. Housing development around it forced the track to close. 1970’s.
Hell yeah brother, Im sending in some support from Canada as well, this has happened to two of my favourite local racetracks in the past few years, forcing them slowly die out and close.  It would be a shame for it to happen to the FF because this is probably the best car content thats comming out from the whole internet right now. My email is sent, and Im hoping everyone sends so much emails their inboxes crash.
I'll be there, coming from Port Charlotte, heartfelt Email sent.
While I cannot make it down to Florida, I was able to send off an email opposing the application.   Have a good day everyone.
Go get ‘em Cleetus!
Would it be a good idea to make those racetracks CONSTANTLY emit some obnoxious noise, so that NO developer, investor, or potential home owner can be shown the area while you are silent, and then be taken by surprise on race day?  a few local tracks near me got shut down a few years back do to this EXACT situation you are facing. they built houses near tracks that had been there for decades prior, and then spent years complaining about it until the tracks got shut down.  If those tracks are just a source of non stop noise, there can never be made an excuse of someone "not knowing" or that "well you didnt make noise for such and such long time, so now you cant ever again"  IDEA edit: every half hour an air raid siren goes off. IDK, idk what can be done about this nonsense....
The police want us to take it to the track, but Karen want to move next to the track so she can complain.
Will definitely send the emails this is bullshit
They built houses around drag strip/race track where I’m at now…. The people who bought the houses do literally NOTHING but complain about the noise and fight with the race track. Your dumbass chose under your own free will to live butted up to a race track and do nothing but complain and fight the race track
I've seen this time and time again here in Queensland, a 50yr old track gets shut down because idiots move into the area and complain, what can I do as an aussie apart from email to prevent this happening to the FF? There has to be something more international people can do
Emails sent!!!
I live south in Collier County, myself and a lot of folks I know love to vist the Freedom Factory, many of the Youtuber fans and drivers will stand with you for sure. Thanks for the heads up.
research who owns that farm land..  bey they work on council .. or are related...
As someone from the SF Bay / California, I have watched the last 30 years as Laguna Seca and Sears Point continue to be strangled by operating restrictions, noise complaints, and sound ordinances.   I was more than happy to fire off a letter on your behalf.  My family used to race at Baylands Raceway in Fremont, and we lost it in the late 80's to similar bad planning / development / greed decisions.  As luck would have it, I just so happen to have relatives that live in Manatee County and I've asked them to fire off e-mails as well.  Good luck.
GOLAT MOTORSPORTS PARK HAS TO STOP ✋ RACING 🏁 AT 11:00PM BECAUSE OF 5 OR 10 PEOPLE THAT LIVE BESIDE IT.
Your my hero cleet
In reality the economic factors are bound to prevail in the eyes of the county. Development, more residents, construction jobs and forever property taxes are the hard facts. Here where I am they build houses in the desert, with scarce water resources, nevertheless they build. Forever expansion it seems.
Cleet me myself as a 4.6L Ford v8 engine n a Crown Vic I can confirm that i can be whisper quiet and cannot be heard through a 25-foot fence
Hey the people that run the county have the same amount of arms and legs as anyone else.  It's rather demoralizing when there's no one worth voting for.  More people need to run for these offices.
I will come from Wayne county ms this isn’t right to racers and people that love racing
Dont forget to mention that when there is no race track people take it to the streets
Wish I could be there for you guys I just can’t cut it but I’ll share the shit out of this
email sent!
Emails sent, Garret.  I wish I could be there.  Do more.  It is just too far away during a work week at this time of year.  You, your crew, BMP and The Freedom Factory have inspired and entertained so many.  Good luck!  I will make it to one of your events at the FF.  Life goal!
where i live in california this same thing happened. sacramento raceway was built out in the middle of nowhere by an airforce base. the base closed in the early 90's and started using it for cargo planes like fedex and ups to land. then they started building house between the track and base and not surprising once people lived there they started complaining about the noise from the track and airplanes. they've been saying for the last 20 years that the track is going to close but somehow it's still there running regular events. here all tracks near homes have a 10:00 curfew.
That's what killed my local dragstrip
They are blocking our emails!!!!
Put this on the main channel brother
Email sent. You have come too far. Can't let some little shit stop you.
Compra las tierras y vuelvelas un parque natural y lugar para rentar cabañas para los eventos de la pista.
If anything.. they want tax money.. u have to fight..if nothing else. Make the developer disclose it and all home purchasers must sign a disclosure knowing they r buying insulation to the track
I sent an email.  Sorry for this, I am sorry this is happening to you guys.  Those land developers will pay off the city council and probably the county as well.  I hope you get enouhg people there.  There is no reason to take a small bit of agricultural land next to the track unless it is their design to get rid of it.  There is so much more land available around that area that this seems suspect to me.  Call me a conspiracy theorist all you want, I think they have been targeting places like Bradenton MSP and the Freedom Factory.  In Atlanta there is nothing really around Atlanta Dragway but they had to have that specific land.  This is an operation to close tracks, not build houses.
If all the vehicles that are racing are electric the noise issue is eliminated, can you say Tesla?
These developers are big money and already paid off the local government. This is gonna be uphill battle. Best of luck Cleetus
I hope I I formatted the email correctly. Pretty I did. Does it matter if I live in Texas?
Email sent. Local businesses are everything! Best of Luck with the matter
Make the developer purchase your facility up front and in full. If he refuses, file lawsuits about anything to delay construction. He won't be able to repay his lones if he can't sell houses and will fold. See if you have an FAA aircraft or helicopter landing certification, that will tie things up a good long time. EPA works to and don't forget wetland and animal sanctuary laws. The developer can't pay off the Feds. I've watched this happen over and over.
email sent!
Good luck but fighting corporate is an almost impossible task!  Good luck tho!! Many prayers!!
If they force a wall it won’t stop there… you know it won’t stop..
This is absolutely horrible, for something this young man poured his heart and soul into for all to come out to enjoy. Now we all need to have his back
I haven’t been able to make it to one of your events yet. But I’m going to and I’ll do anything to help make that happen. Emails sent brother!
Fuck it let them build sell to no one because of the noise and I’ll buy a house when it’s rock bottom pricing
Sent that a little too quick wear a suit and let them know you're a professional like you are and not just a redneck like we all want to be
Essay typed up and sent. Not gonna stand by and watch this shit happen again.
This sucks millions of dollars spent to fixing up both tracks and now they want to stick houses there unbelievable
Email sent, can’t wait to get down there to my first event!
Got your back, brother.
Do three things Thursday. 1 remember your law training. 2 don't wear Cleetus wear (that'll be covered by your supporters. 3 fkn SELL YOURSELF AND YOUR TRACKS like you sell AG1.... Be professional and be respectful and SELL YOUR ECONOMIC IMPACT.  Or, buy the surrounding land.
i emailed em for ye
in most circumstances a relator must disclose any nuisances upon sale of a home in writing, so the buyer has no legal standing I.E. there is an airport nearby ect.
Get together with richbuilds and rebuild Tesla flood cars and race them like the those wonderful crown Vic's and be the only track in America racing stock Tesla's, THAT would be quiet.
Sound like the perfect opportunity to start one of those sites where you buy a 1ft square of land and get a Cleetus lordship.  I think you have enough viewers to offer a pretty good penny for that 2700 acres.  Or maybe you buy the land and sell 25ft x 50ft plots where RVs can park when they want to watch racing. Crowd funding to buy up all of that land and keep it for racers!
Same thing happened at my local track, Western Speedway in Victoria British Columbia Canada.  Track was 68 years old and was oldest in Western Canada.  It is gone as of September 2022 due to noise complaints from locals that moved in and didn't like noise.  Cleetus is correct, that urban sprawl will end up destroying track.  Do what you can to help.  I can't, I am in Canada, but I wish FF the best.
emails to James Satcher and Amanda Ballard were blocked.
Are non residents of the county or even Florida eligible to send these emails
Go FULL Yellowstone on them!
I'm sure appearing before government isn't easy, but you knocked it out of the park, Cleetus! You got the key points across VERY clearly. Your business brings SO much tax revenue to town. Show up to Every meeting, keep making your points.
just think of all the tax money per home the county will make vs farm land !!!!    sad to say it ,,, but it will probably go through..
We're rooting for you cleet keep history alive
Some of your law school learnings are showing through in this presentation. Very well done cleet. I hope the planners pay attention.
Wear a suit
I live in PA and I am sending the email opposing this plan. This track means too much to the community at this point to not do nothin. I encourage everyone to do the same
This freaking sucks man! If I lived over there, I would definitely show up to support because it's unfair to come in and destroy well established, historical and thriving race tracks with what will ultimately kill them. I really and truly hope a whole mess of people show up and support the effort to oppose this! Best of luck from the Bahamas Cleet
Make sure to speak about how street racing and takeovers will increase if the track is shut down
The other alternative is subjecting everyone looking to purchase a home with unaffordable options that will ensure they're in debt their entire lives. For what? So, a couple rich kids can race?
Signed and emailed from Ballarat Australia! We won’t let them do this mate! Keep Up the good work ❤❤❤
Northstar Dragway in Denton, Texas. Same exact thing happened.  Drag strip was moved 8 miles out of town back in 95'.  Housing development popped up about a mile away.  Track was shut down last year.
Email sent Cleeter!!!
Buy the damn land, sure it is expensive I am sure but with the amount of people you have following you, it will be paid for in no time.
You gonna end up with some fools showing up making you look bad. You can't invite a bunch more people off the internet to show up to help you. These folks will show up and ruin your plans.
Email sent.  Best wishes from New York!
I've lost two gun ranges up here in NY due to this type of thing. Give 'em hell! Cleet!
This is like the same horseshit at Irwindale. The track has been there forever and everyone's gonna bitch and complain that they moved next to racetrack because they weren't willing to spend two seconds and do research so then it becomes our problem and we lose our track.
You got my support! Been to the track ounce and stayed at a family members home.. But still paid our fair share of taxes and had a blast! Good luck brother!!
I  start emailing  bro.
Not only does this track bring people to your state. It also has even brought communities together not there!!!! Smaller events have built up since your YouTube found the freedom factory
They agree to live next to the race track...then the libtards kill the track... Ask me how I know 😔.
Home beside a race track is never a good idea… even up here in Canada that’s how they die… Save your local track fellas
The lady sitting behind Cleet facial expressions screams Karen
There was a dirt race track 3/4 mile away from my mom's house, and we could hear those cars easily in the house.
Both my husband and I sent emails for you. We are flying to FL Thursday morning but won't be there in time to attend the meeting. Best of luck, I hope more people attend than you anticipate.
This is by far the scariest thing that I've ever heard about the Freedom Factory.
I hope you get all the support you need and then some this exact thing has killed so many racetracks of ALL STYLES OF RACING HAS TO BE SAVED and its only going to happen if racers from all forms come together put a stop on decisions that can get tracks forced to closed. It seems to be happening everywhere lately last year my local circle track Oglethorpe Speedway Park just outside of Savannah Georgia was shut down from noise complaints and city council making it harder to get their permits to stay open and this track had been opened since the early 50s and hosted some of the early NASCAR races.
Well spoken
A 25’ berm will make a huge difference in noise for the area.  The county made our local salvage yard with a scrap shredder install a berm, i live about a mile away and no longer can hardly hear it at all.
Email sent!  Hoping for the best Cleet!
Email sent Cleet, This is happening to Sacramento Raceway in California also people. This crap pisses me off.
Man, you're in Florida.  It's meant to be one of the only "safe" states anymore.  Why are they of all places hassling you?  I'll do anything I can of course, but this shouldn't even be something that is hapenning.
You need to reach out to your local officials and also talk about how such development of suburban sprawl is actually bad for the community in more ways than just depleting the massive economic boost of the tracks, increasing zoning for mixed use developments towards town centers reduces driving in the area, makes towns more walkable, and makes it a better more desirable place to live.
The city is after the property taxes they will gain. Hopefully everything will work out! I sent all the emails!!
I copied and pasted their email addresses but its throwing me a flag.  Can someone help, definitely not a computer guy.
Sorry but your race track won’t ever make the money of 4500 homes paying their taxes to the state. It’s a disgusting money grab for those same politician  parasites voting for “approval”. Hopefully I’m wrong.
I bought the PPV to watch the races on Saturday. I’ve always wanted to go see an event in person at your track. While I was watching spectator drags I said to my Girlfriend, “The freedom factory is one of the best things to ever happen in motorsports”. I majored in real estate in college, and understand the situation. Florida seems to have some of the most abused laws regarding eminent domain and non-conforming use.  I’ll be sending an email tonight..
When you acquired this I wondered how long it would be. Sorry your dealing with this my man.
I say Let's Flood this Place
This is the least we can do for the content you make. If it takes me 5 minuets to send an email than that's what I'll do.
My man in there with a t shirt and hat, kicking butt with his points.
Are these people a part of Blackrock out of curiosity? Sent my email. Maybe clear up the part that says “text”.
The amendment for noise reduction most likely means you will be responsible to pay to put up a berm or wall.. Don't let them bully you! Rocky Mountain raceway in Utah got the same treatment basically. People move in then complain about the noise. Just like hog/cattle/bird farms getting the same treatment.. complete B.S!
put this on the main channel, and plead to the governers office.  How can Florida, being positioned as the most free state, shut down /put in jeopordy the freedom factory.  Desantis can visit and do rallies there.   in other words, numbers talk.  show firm data on how big of an influencer you are and economic impact you bring to the state.
Positive thoughts your way!!!
PURCHASE  ALL THE HOUSES!
Backup plan!  I know there are 4500 cleeter fans that'd buy a house down there. Hell, cut us a road to the track! Hopefully we can get this thing stopped and keep racing alive!
This needs to be on the main channel
You need to also show your comments on YouTube if most can not make it..... So that said I oppose
I would use the agrument that  facilities  like your track keep kids from turning to drugs, Doing break and enters and so on and so on, closing tracks down in local areas actually increases crime and hooning as its called in Australia on the streets, Mate if i could do something to help let me know
Email sent
Better have Cody whistlin diesel make a video I’m sure he can round up a group
Done banged out an email and a respectful plea to not allow homes to be where they shouldn't at the expense of whats all ready there. Hope it helps and best wishes from Arizona
You need to reach out to fellow YouTubers who have been out to the FF and ask them to reach out to their followers.
Awesome. They don't give a shit. Money from land tax will be more important
Put this on your main channel.😊
Emails sent.
Cleetus needs help? SAY LESS! ❤️‍🔥
That how speedworld in AZ  got shutdown
Wonder if putting a word out to ring power could help
I'm not able to make the trip in thursday, but I just sent my emails... Thanks Garret for all that you do.
I live 3 miles from Talladega and I can hear the cars racing. A wall will not help that sound one bit. Not one person in my hood even cares about the sound. Its just part of living in this town. However, Ive seen several of our motocross tracks be closed due to the noise levels.
Done! Emails sent to everyone... I hope it helps! Let's Go Fellas and Felletts! It takes 10 minutes to send them each an email...
Good luck from Canada! Let's gooooo!
This is such bs it’s the higher ups doing what they want
Sent an e-mail from ny. Full support from here.
Build the complex! But only motorheads and track nuts can buy in. Problem solved
Get whistlin and his fan base to show up also. You could easily seek 50k more show up and oppose it.
Just curious, would it be possible to negotiate a deal with the company that owns the land and purchase a "buffer" zone to prevent the houses being built so close to the track?
CHECK IN FROM WHERE YOU EMAIL FROM. IM BEAUFORT NC. HELL YEAH BROTHER!
Sounds like it should be zoned commercial. You're exactly right that this is how racetracks die. You might look into how Irwindale has managed to stay open. They still have huge events there and it's in the middle of town.
My hometown at Belleville Kansas has a high Banks dirt track the world's fastest and I can hear cars going around that track from 7 miles away
so now that everyones gonna show up  you all heard cleetus  hes poured his heart and soul into the freedom factory   LEAVE THE BURN OUT CARS AT HOME
All they see is dollar signs...
When I moved to a new subdivision in Chandler, Arizona in the '90s, it was right across the street from a 2000+ head dairy farm that had been there for decades. When the atmospherics were right, you could tell there were 1000s of cows across the street. Well, at homeowners meetings, people began to complain about the stink. They were not informed of the dairy farm before buying their houses - or were just oblivious to what comes with 1000s of cows - and now they wanted it GONE. It didn't matter that the dairy farm was there first and well established - it was a dairy farm against hundreds or thousands of homeowners. Eventually the dairy farmer gave up - he was not pushed out, but the city was close to doing so - he was just sick and tired of the daily bullshite and harassment. He sold the farm to a developer, who built hundreds / thousands more houses. I have no idea if the dairy farm relocated or just closed up shop.  You need to buy the farmland. Or come up with a group that will buy the farmland and preserve it. Or something. But if the houses get approved, I give the drag strip and your race track 5 years max before they chase you out.   So sad to hear about this. Progress sucks.
Start a fund raiser cleeter let’s just buy that land and keep houses off it forever!!
Emails sent keep up the good fight brother.
Got my email in Cleet! Long live BMP and The Freedom Factory!!
Start dumping some really rare endangered species of animals on that land ASAP!!  Also you should start looking into buying up as many lots as possible from the developer that are near the property line of the tracks.
sent email fron new zealand .... this effects the whole world ... for a few houses its disgusting
Been watching cleetus for over a year and just learned thats not his name. I feel like i've been lied to this whole time.
Your racetrack/event brought me to Bradenton Florida all the way from Pennsylvania!
Hearing racecars would not affect my decision to buy a home. I am not a Karen/Neil
Dude, if you show up in public and especially in some kind of official government hearing, take off your damn hat and wear a suit or at least something other than a white T-shirt.  They will lose your respect if you do not follow the rules of decorum.  If you want to show up as Florida Man, then go for it an take your chances.
Take decibel readings at various distances during the event. There should be enough data on sound abatement to determine the effect a wall would have on the recorded levels. Not a solution in itself but start stock piling 'amo'. Just one idea.
Next there going to ban all car shows
Email sent. Good luck!
Houses are the best paying cash crop in the world for any farmer. I’ve seen a local historic dirt track close to build a Wegmans. I don’t like it.
I just keep getting bad email address notices when trying to sent my email
Putting his law school training to use!
even with a 50 foot wall they'd still hear the tracks
Decide how far out the sound will be manageable, and then see if you can’t get a group of investors or a go fund me to buy out that range of land. If you can keep them from developing it, it becomes less valuable to them! The legal fight will be intense, but you can do it brother!
4,500 * $5000 a year In new property tax payments. Good luck.
This makes my sick tky stomach I hope this all works out best of luck from Canada
this is exactly what happened to all of my local racetracks. some tried to stand their ground but the city ended up cutting their water and electricity over time
Better on the track than the street
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏💪💯🔋☝️
Cleet, as a civil engineer that's been through this, the more people in person the better. But the your best bet is to get actual neighbors in the area to come and oppose. The commission will respect the nearby locals opposition the most.
Take away the race tracks for damn houses then we start street racing then there is complaints about that an bad things start happening like crashes an then they wanna say go somewhere that's made for it but now they wanna take that away also so what's that fix? What's it gonna lead to?
As a developer, I can tell you the focus needs to be on making this a negotiation. If you just come and voice frustration, at the end of the day, it will likely be approved. This is 4500 homes. Even if they only pay $4k in taxes, that’s $18M a year in revenue for the city/county. Ask for a taller wall. Ask for a wider setback along the east property line with extensive plantings. Ask for all the homes on the east boundary to be provided with a solid, 8’ tall privacy fence along the entire lot line. They will push back but you need to focus on something tangible. Otherwise you are just shouting into the void because if it’s otherwise permissible they’ll get it pushed through.
They should build the homes with less densifacation.  They should keep a massive area next to the track as greenspace.
I appose this ammendment. My don an I have not been able to do any vacations until we learned about Freedom  Factory. We support them an hope to see them again in 2023.
Sent out all 7 and even went back again cuz I totally just wanted to support twice and not because I forgot to put my name and address but IM STILL SUPPORTIN😂
Have you looked into making the tracks a national historic site? Our local track in Idaho has done that which I've been told makes it non-negotiable as to whether it can ever be intruded on by the surrounding homes. Maybe worth a shot??
Emailed said members.
Killdozer? 😎 jk
I wanna see 10k people out there letting them know. HELL NO THE TRACK WONT GO!
Smart Cities and Counties would support the track and build an industrial area in a zone like that... But, we know how smart our local leaders are lately!
Your fans need to show SMR that this may not end well for them. I only say this, because these developers are dirty fighters and it has to get a muddy to get a desired outside
Lol buy the land
Garrett, it looks like you gotta buy 2700 acres of farmland.
I'm in Kansas, and I'm broke.. I would be there but I cant. But I love you guys and I will do my part.
I am Dutch, we don’t have space for anything but we always make it work, how the hell do you Americans, with all the space in the world, manage to plan building houses as inconveniently possible? You people have all the space in every direction, it’s a bitch move to interfere racing and your business
Better start planting some trees, once grown, they can help a bit with noise, if that dumb project ever comes to fruition, which I damn hope it doesn't
This bullshit has killed too many racetracks
WOW this is unbelievable there is so many of these people trying to shutdown drag strips, race tracks, and mud bogging places. I will try and help anyway I can. I'm gonna try and share this video and hopefully get more people to see this and help. I hope and pray y'all can get this opposed!!!
i APPOSE THE DEMOCRATS /TRYANTS AND DOUCHEBAGS
I swear this happens EVERYWHERE.  Drag strip/race track has been somewhere AND in operation for 30+ years.  Developers/zoning decides to let people build houses right next to them.  Homeowners/developers complain to the county repeatedly until said track is forced to close.  We lost our track 5 years ago, and there is nowhere to race/drag within an hour+ of where I live now.  Email sent, I definitely don't want to see this happen to ANYMORE tracks in the US.
Ok Cleetus...The..county is looking at 4000 homes paying for water, sewer, garbage..their eyes have no care for business that they don't understand..
Sending our support and good luck from Australia 👍 sadly that's all I can do being you have to be an American citizen. Recently here they brought in laws so people can't complain and get tracks shutdown, if you move to an area that is known to have a racetrack in it then u can't whinge and it's not like you wouldn't know either considering it's usually general knowledge being a lot of the town's are known solely because of the racetrack. Your right about the wall not stopping noise, I used to live 25klms (idk what's that 18 miles) from willowbank raceway in western Ipswich right next to Amberly airport and u could still here the drag cars clearly, wasn't annoying though, I often use to mute my tv just so I could hear them lol  Anyway maybe you could try getting a similar law passed to protect the tracks. I don't understand why you'd replace farmland with houses tbh, they do it here too then complain there's food shortages 🙄
done, I told them I am planning a trip there from Canada
Not just Racetracks, Airports and many others… People move in cheap and complain, things close down, prices go up.
It's all about the money and 450 homes would mean a huge increase in income for the county.  Live stock farmer's have been forced to stop raising animals my area for the same reason. Developers buy a huge chunk of property. Then develope it and the new home owner's complain about the smell. They take the farmer's to court and regardless of the farm has been there for generations the courts side with people in the new subdivision.   I wish you best of luck in your fight to keep running both race track's but I have seen this to many time's.  At the end of the day it is about money and the county and state will make much more money from those new homes then they do from the race track's.   Garret made the comment that people travel from all over the United States to watch the races in turn bringing money to the surrounding businesses.  A new subdivision of 450 new homes can argue the same. All those new homes buy groceries every week. Restaurant sale would increase considerably.  And friends and family members for those homes will help with hotel sales.   The United States cares nothing about preserving It's history. Every day we tare down old buildings in the name of progress.   Again I wish you best of luck but if I were you I wouldn't spend another dime on that race track properties.  At some point you can redeem some of your money when the next developer wants in increase that subdivision on your side of the road.
the investorsa have already bought there way into getting this doen the same thing happend to my home track 16 years ago. i sued to lvie 14 mintues from the track it was about 10 miles away and we would here the track every wednesday and every friday saturday and sunday from that distance away this was in littlerock ca i sent the email as well as this story and that i ahve traveled to track for snow birds 3 times
Pure heartbreak. I live in Jefferson Ga, just south of Commerce Ga, and my brother lives in Braselton Ga, 2mls from Road Atlanta. It's a crime of its own to try to shut the Freedom Factory down. They shut down the Commerce drag strip to build apartments for the SK Battery factory that was proven to be giving illegal immigrants jobs and housing just to build the complex and they needed a place to live...pure crime in itself. I hope that they aren't going to pack their pockets and we can keep enjoying the benefactors.   The Country keeps crying about illegal drag racing but they shut down all the
Had an Armagedon about this for the last few hours in my head. All you youtubers who can build projects, after keeping the daily alive, whats a lot go for next to a raceyrack?
Email sent.
Put this on the main channel
Dang I wish I could go
Emailed!!
This should definitely be on the main channel
The future aren't stupid, they know exactly what they are doing and are working towards their best interests. They will buy lower when the track's there, get the track closed, property values go up when the track leaves. Free money for bitching. Almost impossible to defend against. If this doesn't go through another will soon after, seen many tracks get closed this way all over the country. I wouldn't expect a good outcome. I'm LIVID if I had vacation days left this year I'd fly out just for this
He’s about to sell all our info
Garrett, good on you for doing the right thing, being proactive and working to prevent issues.
Would be cool if they turn it into a AMP kinda ordeal. A whole bunch or car enthusiasts living next to the track
Fight the good fight brother
They only care about money and unfortunately you don’t generate as much as 4k homes
The local racetrack near me is at the same exact situation. The city knows they can get a lot more tax revenue with all those homes and they can from one race track. Unless your lawyers get involved, I do not see the city going your way
Can I email as a Canadian resident
If I can be there Thursday I will. I sent the email as well
We have a small 1/4 mile track called Evadale Raceway Park here in Texas 15ish miles from the interstate in the woods
My wife and I have been going through a zoning change.    The 3 points we were advised to make sure to bring up were infrastructure, employment centers, and safety.  If a bunch of houses come in like that is there a place for people to work?  Can the community support that many people(schools, law enforcement, etc.)  Make sure to get as many signatures as you can in the community.
Done! goodluck, keep us posted!
With how many people show up to spectator drags, there's no doubt in my mind that you'll stop it
Multiple tracks here in Michigan have closed down due to similar issues. I wish you luck.
Brother, My name is Ahmed AlBader and I'm from Saudi Arabia. I sent the email and my address on the email as well.    Waiting to see you in a Ford 5.0 😗
I’ve tried sending the email but is getting kicked back or the address has me blocked.
Emailed them all.  Good luck fella!!!!
Gotchu Cleet.
I'm sure they don't care. It all comes to the money.
You should buy it lol build an even bigger race track. A cool road course
4500 home's is going to destroy the wildlife in the area. Seems like they don't care about that.
Destroying agricultural land for urban sprawl housing needs to stop!
What's the address for Thursday meeting
Already sent brother!! 🙏
OMFG, the same has happened in my area, people bought houses next to a small airport and complained  about the noise when they bought their homes at a discount because of that fact. But they wanted the airport shut down so they could reep the benefits. Best of luck to you Garrett, wish you the best.
Wasn't it all under water with the recent cyclone?
I'd be on board if someone could get an investment group together to buy the morons out of the property for land value and then have exclusive use to the property with some sort of a connector path to the tracks. That way you own the buffer zone. Could be RV lots, ATV paths, UTV, dirt bikes all exclusively owned like a time share to the land use. Another idea is to buy the land for land value and lease rights back to the neighborhood that they are already building for RV storage, Boat storage, trailer storage ect. Now you have a local "Toy" storage area for the community.
That lady to your right in the thumbnail looks like every government worker I’ve ever seen!
This has to go on the main channel…..
Cleet. Fly me over from Australia and I will come support you.  😅. Good luck brother. I’m hope you pull it off
This is crazy that they are trying putting homes next to a literal race track. This seems like a good chance for Karen’s to bitch about the tracks.
Sorry guys .... you gone have to go electric cars ... silence ! Just jocking ! We are with you !
What if we all moved down there and bought all the houses they're wanting to build? It would be the biggest race car community in the world.
Use housing around military bases, construction areas, arenas, and anywhere loud as examples, the main issue they will run into if this plan goes through is the land with instantly de value due to being somewhere nobody wants to move to/ deal with, so even before their complaints close the track, the housing area will be worthless, in the end it will be a loss for everyone in the county
Sad and downright upsetting to see what's happening to other racetracks across the country. Sent in my email and reasons of opposition. Keep up the awesome work and can't wait to see y'all in Bristol again!
Kinda depressing
Done 👍🏻
Hate to say it.. you won't live long term. To much money in investments. It's all political
I think you should try to reach out to the previous owners of the other large tracks that shut down for this same reason so maybe they can speak on your behalf with first hand experience. They could probably lay out exactly what caused their tracks to close down once the housing moved in.
I am sending the emails tomorrow... I got your back brother... "Let's do it for Dale"... Hell yeah brother!!!!
Good luck
I grew up in a area that had a track and drag strip. Once it closed so many businesses left the area and the city turned into just house then only 10 years later a ghetto. Keep your track keep your businesses. If your area is known for its track why would you get rid of it unless it was failing. Someone get the governor involved. Think he would want to keep the cash flow it brings in.
Done emailed them
Email sent brother
Can we do the email from international to support due to the content made at these tracks hitting an international audience or is it USA addresses only
Somebody call whistling diesel
California speedway/ drag strip went through this exact problem the fans and car clubs did fundraising to build a huge sound wall that slowed things down for a short time but not long after did it close once that happened street racing dramatically increased
Keep up the good work you do and I just sent email.
It would be interesting if you could get on a personal level with the developers of this. It's very obvious that Florida has a very wide genre of people whole visit and live there. Those tracks will to some be very enticing to some. Racers. And let's face it, people who race got the money. Make it well known that these tracks are within hearing distance, and they will come. And they will love it.
also, issue solved, buy the land.  the developer likely doesn't own it, they are paying based on the homes sold.  if you buy it from the county outright, the developer cannot develop it.
Where are the farmers to object to converting farm land to residential?   This is just like people moving next to an airport and then want to shut it down.  I live in southern Delaware and there is a race track 7-8 miles from me and on some nights can hear the cars.  You are right, a 25 foot wall will do little for sound abatement   Will send email to the decision makers--even though they will probably ignore it since I don't live there.  Can I use your home address or the Freedom Factory address?   Good luck
CLEETER WHAT U HAVE HERE IS GREED TO DEVELOP AND SCREW THOUGHS PEOPLE ALREADY THERE!  THEY SEE BENJAMINS AND THATS IT!
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸!!!Every one that goes to the freedom factory and other race tracks needs to go to this meeting pack this place out to the fullest where they isn't a seat in the building we got to stand for Garrett and his race track
This is Yellowstone in real life lol
Bring the mountain dew bring the Blackstone grill  let's do it for dale!
Already sent my email
I'm gonna send emails first thing tomorrow!
Turn it into 5 acre homesites for car enthusiasts
I'm going to pray for it stops it takes an all tracks away from everybody and that was the world was racing I'll pray they cannot do that they can't not take another track from somebody I love racing racism is in my heart
Cletus using his law school experience for the first time
Emails sent
Was just about to comment to put it on the main channel until i read ur pinned comment
Good luck brother. Save the tracks!!!
Bro you bout to have 1000 people there
Cleet, can you out do the developer? and you know what I am talking about$$$$ Bithlo here in Orlando is still open and they built homes around it to and they Bitch!!!! But in your area that sounds like high end estates which means $$$$ WE need to stand up and put the voice in and IF the county approves it for some reason or another the race tracks need to be grandfathered in and the people that buy the property for their residence the developer needs to notify the buyer what is next to them before purchase!!!!
Man if I could get there I would in a heartbeat
None of your opinions matter. The only thing that matters is money.
This happens around every Motorsport area and it makes me so mad. The airports around homes are ok. But racetracks? Nope. Screw them. Burn tires forever.
Email sent brother!  Wish I could make it to the date on Thursday.
I know the type. They care more about developing more homes and selling more homes. They don’t even care about the buyers of said homes. The abatement/fence is merely a selling point for them
weres WDs fans at  ask him to get on board   post reminders 2times a day cleetus
Need to get in touch with John dutton and rip
You need to put this on the main channel bro
Wish I was there to help.
Me in Oklahoma bummed I can't go help😭....   Also me finding out I can just email 😁😁
Can you buy out like 25-50 acres?
We need @whistlindiesel to come Thursday
when race tracks die the next race track becomes public roads and you dont want that.
This is so sad we have to go through this
You know how they get it passes they line the pockets of everyone passing the bill its sucks but money runs the world cleet
Do you have to be an American citizen to oppose?
Not only does it affect the track, all that precious farmland is going to vanish that is being used to grow food.
My uncles speedway shut down because of this reason. I personally love the sound of speedways and race tracks. I'd never complain about the noise as well car life
Lost Palm Beach International raceway to a walmart facility. Who even goes to walmart anymore
I live in nassau county florida and moved from michigan 17 years ago I have been going to bradenton motorsports for 20 years for the nmra and I knew the track was in trouble when I seen that the strawberry fields were gone and how much that area has changed and that is what happened to green cove drag way new house moved in and than the track became a nonsense hell thay are turning atlanta dragway into apartments a well none nhra track it is so sad to hear and I hope the best for bradenton motorsports park I am a gear head from Detroit thay close all the tracks and then won't to take your car for play on the street but ware are we supposed to go
Quit throwing money away on race cars and full time on FF race events to buy a buffer around you and start a campaign to inform home buys looking to buy around you that LOUD RACES go on regularly. Join up with the dragstrip to accomplish a common goal, stay alive. Long live FF Race Park home development.
The unfortunate thing about this is that money talks. Even though you bring people in for events, all they see is 4500+ new taxpayers that they can collect from. They dont give a crap that this could literally ruin your business.
I work for a company called  Environmental noise control- Behrens & associates  We put up sound walls to dampen the noise this might help.. I am a crew lead for them in California but we have sites across the United States  Maybe give them a call and they can get more into detail if that’s something your interested in
Same type thing kills rc flying fields, dirt tracks etc etc etc. Good luck and hope it all works out.
Email has been sent. Wish I could come, but unfortunately im not stationed at McDill AFB. Good luck man. If nothing else I'll buy a house in the new neighborhood and make enough noise that they hate my LS IROC and forget about you all 😅
You have to think a little deeper. This developer is looking at millions of dollars in sales. Palms will be greased. I know it's unethical but some people will do anything for money. Politicians don't get rich on their salaries. Something to consider.
They built homes near a strip thats in our country, they are only allowed ONE event per year and yet they still complain, I hate city dwellers who don't research of what's in the area they move into.
Bradenton locals - do your boy a solid 👏👏👍
F urban sprawl.
You should also make a point about how street racing increases without a track to race at.
If you're correct, the 15th is too late to sway any decision. They are waking up knowing where they stand on the matter that day. I have emailed them politely to not to move it forward.
We have gone through this where i live for the last 5 years, and ill be honest Cleet it basically came down to who had more money, and weather the person making the decision likes motorsport or not, now i cant even take my street car on the track because it breaks 90db..
This problem is happening all of the country, they are trying to shut down all race tracks, and then they complain about the street racing that’s why all these trucks of built 50 years ago to stop the STREET RACEING
Englishtown nj
As a Canadian I obviously can't make it but I encourage as many local fans as possible to attend Thursday 🦅
This is typical local government always helping their brother in law make a dime
I emailed them. I purchased a house in Florida and am trying to move/start my business in Florida specifically because of the motorsports culture, of which the Freedom Factory and Bradenton Motorsports Park play an important role.
Problem is the money 4000 homes will bring in will dwarf what you can do.   It is economics.  It will be passed. Good luck to you.
This may apply to some people. If you copy and paste the email addresses .. !!!   Make sure to change the commas , in to a semicolon ;
Houses around an airport or train tracks and No one bats an eye.  Houses around a racetrack and people complain.
sent from 3 different emails to all members....  hope it helps....  the "local" track in kansas city got converted a few years ago due to same thing... people with too much money...   i think 1 of the homes is owned by the owner of a HUGE bank chain, so obviously they have the cash and lawyers to get whatever they want... the track had been there for 50+ years, pretty sure the developer bought it out just to ruin lives
get de santis on it.
Sent the email from Sept-Iles Canada, hope it helps!
Im a big fan from the netherlands and i will also be sending an email, they probably will not give a shit about it because im not from us tho.
For context, I grew up in a classic suburban sprawl, we had a drag strip 3.5 miles from our house and there was dense housing between us and the drag strip, with many large mature trees and neighborhoods well over 45 years old. On weekend nights you could hear drag races sitting in my yard. If people think a berm will work, they are kidding themselves, they did all that with this place, and eventually just a couple years ago it got shut down after many great years of running. I’m glad you are stepping up and involved in your communities, you’ve got my support.
Hey brother I just sent an email and sent it to all my buddies to send a copy also. Good luck brother keep fighting.
Email sent.  Would be devastating to the brand you’ve worked so hard to build that we have all come to love.
These people only understand one thing, Lawyers. They need to have the fear of lawsuit to make them decide it's not worth their time and jobs to proceed with the application. This is a lawyers game not an entertainers game.  It's the only language these types understand
That is a terrible idea! And worse than that, the investors and builders will be long gone with their millions when everything goes sideways!
Need you some burrowing owls that are protected. Lived down south of you guys and if owls were on the said banks owned land could not build or disturb them physically. Bring the the fight!
If you dont like racecar noises then dont move next to a fvcing racetrack. Also if u dont like cars and racing, are you even an American?🤔
Hey brother,  don't forget to mention the traffic problems the residents of these proposed houses will see when events are happening at the tracks!
Save the race tracks.
My friend, these trains are hard to stop. I saw this happen in my own neighborhood too. The county commissioners only care about how many homes they can fit per acre for max tax money coming in.. They show you a nice song and dance, but they are hard to beat. I hope it goes your way for both tracks. Im in Palm Beach county and that's all they care about here.. Good luck!
Email: FULL SEND!
This pisses me off soo bad. In queensland Brisbane our local track had houses built up near it. Now every fucking karen bought property there. Now the track cant do anything. No other tracks in the area.   Its like people who buy near the airport and complain . How bloody stupid can you be!  Im O/S and you people in the states need to get behind this and help the tracks out.   This will kill the freedom factory dead so quickly!  It happened here  It will happen there   Get on and help asap
This is Florida, you are going to be forced out, AFTER you improved the property and increased it's value, because some rich bastard down there wants it and you will lose or some old asshole with money is disturbed, even though they know there was a race track and drag strip right freaking there, and want you and your next door neighbor, the drag strip, gone... Sorry, that is the way it is. I am not a voter there, so my voice adds squat and also why I am not in Florida. Those folks cold give 2 shits about what anyone says, they are doing what the folks who pay them told them to do, and that was not you. Sorry. This sucks and I am old enough to have seen this many times and it still sucks and turns out the same way every damned time. Remember Motorweek on PBS, you know that drag strip they used to test on, that my brother raced on? Same thing, put out of business because of folks who moved next to a drag strip got disturbed....
Killdozer 2.0 needs to happen
This is the same thing happening to local airports all over the country. I will email.
This is what happens to us rural folks the cityits' move in and then complain about our animals and what comes along with them.  Chickens goats cows and horses don't smell like roses and never will.
I 100% support you and the tracks!!!
4000 homes ?   They’ll get there way n down the road the new home owners will undoubtedly bitch about the Noise , allllll that time ,$ an effort you put into refurbishing the racetrack will go down the drain , sooo sorry for you
Same in our area in Virginia where VW Bugout was for 35+ years homes started getting built by the track and the track had to be closed then it got torn down and homes got built on the property. It sucks. Wish you the best and hopefully they keep it agricultural. You have gave the community a place to go and families to hang out.
Will do man!
Dammit man...this sucks. Everyone need to show their love and support.
good thing the LZ invitational is this week, hopfully you guys can rally everybody together along with supporters and make a great stand!!
Done and Sent Sadly I'm From Niagara Falls NY we have some friends down there that are there for adams event they will be there to help support!
Get whistlin diesel on it he’ll get a crowd. Out !
Dose it help if people from other countryis send an email?
This is so stupid!!! If the tracks were there first then it should be up to the developers to figure out the berm and fence and the sound issues.  If you don’t want noise then don’t buy land next to a racetrack! But unfortunately it’s all about generating tax revenue for the county and the state!!!!
Can I move next to an international airport and get it shut down for noise? It's the same concept. They would laugh me right out the door. I don't know why these dumbass people like to do this. It's so infuriating to me.
Sent my emails this morning
This is exactly why They removed El Cajon Speedway from my home town…. It was to loud.  It’s sad and it’s bullshit
Mo people mo problems. Less land ,less resources , shitty jobs, inflation 🤮
Please post a vid of the amount of people that show up! i would go but i live in Australia brother.
buy the homes closest to the track
Everyone needs to email don't just think 🤔 someone else is going to do it and think you're vote won't matter I got your back cleetus and I hope everyone else does too good luck I do believe even if only half of your followers and subscribers vote against it it'll be more than people for it
If you raise the money for sound abatement before you spend any money on it you will need a damn good lawyer to write up an agreement that says if you comply to this they can't shut you down without being sued. and that could also be a bandaid to the inevitable complaint related shutdown.
Option 1: donate money so cleet can buy the land. Option 2: they pay for the way that'll do nothing. Option 3: we all move in to the housing community with our race cars 🤣🤣
hope you guys can save the tracks because it sucks having a home track close down and not have a place locally to race.
Email sent brother! I would be there but I'm in Oregon and we couldn't be much further apart. In fact I wish I knew the couple of times you were up in WA as I would have loved to been up there to cheer you on in person. These government turds know what their doing is wrong and I bet there is a payday for them in it to get this passed.
you might bring then some residual money but 4500 homes at a minimum value of 300k now a days is over 20 million a year in home taxes alone plus all the cars and sales taxes... thats why its always a losing fight, hell people move next to airports and get the airport shut down for of all things lowering their property value... its a joke and it sucks, but the above numbers are the only ones they care about
Just sent in my email. Wish I could make it out but a long way from Fort Wayne, IN. Best of luck and lets hope they don't let history repeat its self.
Buy the land and refuse to sell to builders.
I completely understand your concerns regarding this development and have penned a letter to the Manatee County board of Commissioners expressing my opposition.  Hopefully you'll get the support you need to bring those commissioners to heel and recognize that those homes will doom those racetracks and a different plan needs to be considered.
OMG as a UK expat living in Spain, if i could get a fight to Florida in time i would be there Brother!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol, get the developers to include wording in their sale contracts that the residents have to pay you if they sue the track for noise, and that the noise is prior, and they have no standing to sue over it.
bruh… they’re bout to get swamped. lol fingers crossed y’all!
I here n Peterborough Ontario Canada wish I could help
Get whistlindiesel to rally his troops
Destruction of agricultural land is also a poor idea for the future, as there is already talk about a food shortage. Less land will only exacerbate it to an earlier food shortage.  Also do not allow residential growth so close to, The Freedom Factory, which is worldwide approved entertainment, that has been encouraging tourist trade for Florida, securing both  local jobs and finance.
Wish I wasn't 1200 miles away...  this is why we can't have nice things. Dammit man.
Email sent Brother!
That needs to stay ag! This is absolute bs to keep pushing and pushing the tracks away
We’re with you brother. I’ll be emailing tonight!
Unfortunatel......... Money always wins R.I.P 9 the Freedom factory
Dude i live in the Netherlands, so coming over is a bit hard. I sent the mail though. Supporting you all the way brother
If u can try and buy that land
I wish I could be there I'm in cali
You should have Cody @whistlindiesel put something together too.
I’d love to email. Can you post this info to your website? I’m from CA but I love your channel and your track.
Email sent.
As someone who operates heavy equipment doing bulk dirt work for large scale housing developments and warehouses I’ve seen developers implement stupid designs to appease potential buyers  and it almost never works out it always ends in court. But I’ll say this I live close to the fastest dirt track on the east coast and youd be really surprised what fencing and sound barriers can do. But I’ll totally support anyway possible.
Call the Governor!! DeSantis has GOT to love you guys. don't just call him, call until you get a response. EVERYONE who sees this, CALL UNTIL YOU GET A RESPONSE! EMAIL, WRITE, AND SHOW UP!!!! DO IT!!
I'm Canadian and live in Canada don't think my vote will count as much but I'm gunna try. Hell Ya Brother!
I just sent a long email. I really hope this can be stopped!
World economic forum is calling for the end of private ownership of cars FORGET RACING
race track die, street racing takes over. Florida is slowly becoming one big subdivision.
Florida, right? SMH  the building industry down there has massive pull, this is going to be an uphill battle. go RED state. people here in Portland have been trying and trying and trying for decades to shut down PIR (Portland International Raceway) because they "moved into" homes affected by the "noise". so far no luck for them. I've enjoyed your rise from nowhere to on top of the world. and truly hope your state doesn't crush your dreams.
They should show these council members some videos of street take overs! If they shut down Bradenton Motorsports Park and the Freedom Factory there will be a *LOT MORE* illegal street racing! These bureaucrats always say "why don't they take it to the track" ... but at the same time that approve zoning changes that make it impossible for a race track to stay in business...
ITS ON PURPOSE TO SHUT DOWN RACE TRACKS. THAT IS THEIR GOAL.
What up Cletus honestly I'm going to watch your video like two or three more times so I know exactly what to do racing is a thing of the past these days I live in Broward County near Fort Lauderdale there are only two racetracks near me and s*** in the area yours is number three they shouldn't be building houses near a racetrack in the first place I don't know who hasn't gotten the memo but Florida is closed to newcomers we don't want you stay in the state you're from we are full it takes me 45 minutes to an hour and a half to drive 30 minutes away from where I live to work I drive past one dead person at least a day on 95 we are full to capacity we don't need more houses growing in our farmlands so I'm 100% behind you guys I'm sad that I won't be able to be there maybe if you had posted this like 2 weeks ago I could have worked something out and have been there in person or at least had a member of my family come in person but I love you guys I've never seen a single NASCAR race but I've sure tried to have watched every one of yours🤘🤘🤘🤘 haven't ever been disappointed you bring so many people to Manatee County and you keep the history of racing alive in your heart everyday and I think you for that☺😊😀😃😄
Better start looking for land.  FF2.0.
Everyone moves to Florida, This is the result.
this happened with Caulder Park Raceway in Victoria Australia. basically killed the track
From Australia  Freedom Factory must live!
Same if you build a neighborhood near an airport…   You don’t get to complain after the fact! Idiots!
Poney up and buy the land Cleeter
dude racetracks or not humans need to just stop destroying earth to build homes no one can afford anyway. This is why I literally hate everyone.
Done this is why moroso on PGA in west palm closed this year
Respect and support from the 864
Buy the land dude!!!!!!!! You got this!!!!!!!! Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 6:03
I sent the following email  Manatee Board of County Commissioners,  I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048.  I specifically oppose the application for the following reasons:  1. Rezoning property as residential, next to already established racetracks, will result in the future implementation of ordinances and/or regulations that will create a burden upon the racetrack, and will substantially hinder the business operations of the racetracks (e.g. Noise ordinances, public disturbance regulations, etc.).  This will make it impossible for the racetracks to continue operating, and thus going out of business.  2. These are not ordinary racetracks.  These racetracks are watched and supported by millions of fans around the world, on a daily and weekly basis.  3.  The owners of the racetracks are positive role models for the community and people around the world.  They spend a significant amount of time teaching and educating about the industry.  They also provide opportunities for people to get involved.  4.  The racetracks and the events hosted at them, attract thousands and thousands of people to the area, multiple times per year.  This brings massive revenue and funding to the local community and local businesses in the area.  5.  Enough land is already being stripped and developed throughout this country.  Our agriculture is being flattened for development, pushing out wildlife, and killing the local ecosystem even further.  This application would not only be an attack on the land, but also on a business and industry that millions of people are invested in.  6.  This is a choice between 4,000 houses or preserving agriculture and a business that is supported by millions of people.  The choice is easy. Stop Application PA-21-09/Ordinance.  Thanks for your time and I truly hope the Manatee County Board of Commissioners makes the right choice in this matter.  Best Regards, Personal Info Omitted
Rat bastards.
Make a sound barrier "like" an interstate has! Then they can't stop that, even on a federal level.
Garrett, You need to mention to them that you provide a necessary outlet for the need for speed to be met safely. Without this track, many will have to resort to racing on the streets!
They were trying to do this with BANDIMERE !!!
Please read. I am a truck driver, I have watched your show over the years and appreciate everything you guys do as it helps me relax at the end of every day. Have the county zone it for commercial and make it a distribution center, where no wall is needed. Watching a race while getting unloaded would be amazing. Plus the county can make more off taxes with a commercial property.  Good luck brother, do it for Dale. We're behind you all the way.
Having houses there makes more money than your  track so they will build homes instead of caring about you business your livelihood
Good luck, I truly hope you win your case.
They did this to the track in my city, the track didn't rebuild, just shut down. Still makes me sad
Man… I think taking Mullet and saying to them “This one is street legal!” Then…. Fire up Toast!! Just say…. That one is not only ONE car… but also one of MANY extremely loud race cars! They would think twice 😂 I’m sure that wouldn’t help… but who knows man! Karen needs to build those homes somewhere else. Also need to mention…. If the race tracks are closed…. These kids may end up drag racing on the streets!!! THAT IS WHY DRAG STRIPS ARE EVEN A THING!!! 🤦‍♂️ why are these people constantly screwing with car enthusiasts!!!??? There is so many things just WRONG about this!!
Contact desantis...he"ll get your back brah
Keep your head up we got your back . hell ya brother
best of luck, it's going to be a hard thing to win
I live 10 miles away from a circle track and yes I can hear it… i live out in the country and the track is out In the country as well.
if worst comes to worst, move all the staff into the nearest homes built then have ur fan base pick the rerst up lmao have a true car community
can anyone help out I live in Canada is there a way for us to support you if were not American Citizen?
Fingers crossed for you cleet. Get some TV stars from NPK on it as I know from watching them on YT they all love the track. Wish I was living out there so I could show up and support but I'm across the pond sadly
It's time to have DAILY races with NOTHING but zoomies if it gets approved. Sure, build your homes. Good luck selling them.
its a money grab for those involved to make it pass and its sad
I’m so mad I have finals in indiana I wish I could go
This is precisely what kills airports as well, the exact same thing is killing airports across the country.
Garrett, good job on sounding off and being heard however strongly consider to craft a more compelling data driven presentation with the help of a lawyer and a PR person.  Bring the people out to protest from the get go. Get the local government involved in FF's own development of the same tract of land.
Florida voter here. Don't do this!! Leave our racetracks alone!!!
If you're trying to get these politicians to listen to your side and take you seriously as a legit business owner, you should show up in something more professional than a T-shirt and ball cap. I hope this all works out in your favor.
I hope you win,but developers always know what palms to grease,Good Luck.
4500 homes probably brings in alot more tax money than the track but it puts a heavy load on infrastructure.  That many homes also brings alot of voters to a district that werent there before so you have to outdo THAT bullet too.
Your boy was quick with the emails forsure
👍👍
You and your buddies need to take over this board the county board the state level and eventually Cleetus McFarland for [resident!!!
Reminds me of the people moving in on "range road" complaining about the shooting range...
That's a big 10-4. Hoping and praying it all works out
get whistlen diesel and hist bois on it you will have thousands of people there
Can Canadian citizens help in anyway?  You're a love buy all
You were there first. Either they can enjoy the chop or move somewhere else
Email sent, goodluck man we cant keep losing these tracks
Texas World Speedway, exact scenario you're trying to avoid. Residential areas moved into the area, got physically closer and closer until neighbors complained. Track is now basically gone.
Best of luck.  Save the racetracks!
there are SOOOOOO many fucking EMPTY plots of land just 1-5 miles away too
Good luck 👍, last race track on Vancouver Island closed last year for the same reason ,the city makes more tax money from housing development than recreational properties.
Best of luck to you man. Hope the people get listened too and you dont run into any problems with the track. Just like Alex mentioned on his live chat. When in doubt just part a Komatsu D355A at the front entrance of the Freedom Factory
Need to try and buy all the land closes to the racetrack! If I had the money I would do it for you :(
They are shutting down agriculture land everywhere for housing. Prime example is in Washington state. The county I live in has banned all agriculture businesses, revoking water rights on farms that have been around for 150 plus years, all to put in more homes. Best of luck on this journey and I hope they don't allow this to happen!
They DGAF about anything other than $$$$ Property taxes from all those houses makes them WAY more than a little tourism
PBIR just closed too. So, this is going to put more idiots on the streets. Get in touch with the sheriff and police on board. The tracks provide a safe place for people to race their cars. If you don't have the tracks, then people are just going to go to the streets.
Whoever that is sitting behind you looks like one mean chick she got kind of the dude looking haircut I don't know if she's for your side or against you but she scares me lol
WEF is calling for the end of private ownership of cars FORGET RACING
Email sent!!! We will stand for BOTH tracks until the end!!
I'll bring the burn barrels
Damm America 🇺🇸 has gone psycho. Especially seeing how they are trying to provoke Russia to take Nuclear weapon measures.
That was Hilarious 😂 👍
This is currently happening in my area as well. Hope it works out better than it did here. We still have a  racetrack but it's not the same.
That's it, pack it up it's over. I hope I'm wrong but I've seen this too many times before. Punching the air RN I'm so fucking mad FUCK!!
less race tracks = more street racing = more deaths
WEF is calling for the end of private ownership of cars FORGET RACING
Support
Email sent. I hope all of the subscribers send an email. We as racers have a voice and it needs to be heard. We can not lose any more race tracks.
Put this on your main channel
Everyone needs to tweet de santis
I love you man. But the bottom line is you don't own the land next to you. This is America 🇺🇸.  If the people that own that land are dumb enough to build , let them. But never stop. Absolutely refuse to change your business for their choices. You are an American hero sir.
Buy all of that land and put another Race Track on it!!!!! LOL!!!!
It's all about $$$ (taxes)
I can’t comply the emails from the video description.
Same issue everywhere, in the UK people move next door to a track and complain about the track. If you don't like the sound of a track, piss off somewhere else
Cleetus please come to Arizona and build a race track here our track here is closing and we need a good track here we have plenty of open space here
If they want to build next to a race track, it is up to them to deal with the noise. The tracks have been there well before the new development was ever thought of. If they want to build a massive wall around their property, who cares as long as they pay for it & it is on their land. But they shouldn't be able to complain about the noise from the race tracks since you were there first.
dude great job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm actually looking to buy a home in Manatee county. Can I just buy all the ones that border the FF in lieu of lifetime tix?
Time to look for some endangered species and go after them for destroying  it's habitat.
All the politicians see is more tax revenue.
sent
They make it so hard for the regular blue collar person to do these kinda things but I'm in gainsville and never been to either tracks or sent an email,but I promise u I'm fixin to figure out how. This is such bullshit. Its a shame common sense cant b tought to these idiots with all they're degree's.
Real estate agents have no soul either. I guarantee those homes will be listed as “silent” “private” and “picturesque” 😂
No way Garrett wins this.  He needs to prepare to lose the track and change gears.  No public official will give up the chance to collect more tax on 4500 new homes/families over a redneck track.  Not a chance.
GET AN ATTORNEY!  You need more than a speech and some grassroots email/call campaign.  You need lawyer(s) and a concentrated effort to slow this down BEFORE it gets off the ground.  DO NOT DO THIS YOURSELF.  GET AN ATTORNEY.
I wish the Freedom Factory luck and I will support via email.
Love to help
i got the work out to my peeps in tampa this has to stop changing from ag to get around the code how can the ground water support all those new homes so who has to pay for the wall?
Good luck Garrett and everybody involved
If the housing development company wants to build the houses then they must provide and build the wall and then the county and city cannot complain or fine the racetrack owners.
its doomed man a great run coming to an end
Email sent o7
Garrett, your main channel needs this information pronto
People should realize what they are moving next to when buying a house. If there is already a track there before the houses are built then they buy the house anyway they have no right to complain about noise in my opinion. Maybe do more research on something you are spending a few hundred thousand dollars on before you buy it and there wouldn't be an issue.
Get desantis involved feel like he’d actually have the voice of Florida on his side if he agreed with cleet and would appreciate what your doing for the state of Florida
Ole girl looked so mad
OK on it. Wont let them do this.
I thought that a lot of that land was in a flood plain
email sent
Same thing happened to Amaroo Park in NSW Australia aswell. Urban sprawl got the better of it. These are historic community places that bring people and tourists together.
Ain't a burn out advocate but ima freedom one!!
Same exact thing happened to Lake Geneva Raceway. They built condo's next to the track and then they complained about the noise of the track. It closed down shortly after that happened.
@whistlindiesel, @demolitionranch, @vicegripgarage, @pfispeed and everyone else with youtube channels send some people to help ol cleet out!
Sent
WEF is calling for the end of private ownership of cars FORGET RACING
Email sent.
Then show of force mis really, needed or else the track will get shut down. It happened here where I live the closed dragstrip was shut down because people moved around the track and complained. They would host a street night and it would packed to all hell. The one time I managed to experience this they even let the crowd stand behind the barriers. One of the main arguments you guys need to emphasize is that the tracks keep the people off the roads, and if it is shut down the likely hood of people endangering lives by racing on the streets will go up because there is one less place to do it legally and safely. To end my rant all I'm gonna say is fuck politicians and the government.
Put something together to help people show up!!! See about discounted hotel rooms and such. I know I would pay to fly there from Indiana just for this, but the $ to be there adds up quick
I will travel from pennsylvania just to light bags of dog poop on the residential door steps if this plan goes through. Freedom means freedom. If you dont like racecars, dont move houses next to a racetrack. Simple as that.
Emailed! 🇺🇸👍🇺🇸
I wish I could help but I'm located in the Netherlands :,(
Sent
Email sent! Lets shut this down! Viva la Freedom Factory!!!!!!!! 💪
On it brother! It is kind of hilarious that municipalities always bitch about street racing then push out the race tracks where it can be done safely and legally. Smh. F*ck the government
Buy the land man
I hope you get a good turn out brother.
Everybody moving into this area should be required to sign a waiver to protect this.  Iv'e seen so many times people move into an area with an air port and complain of the noise. I say tough shit, you should know of the area before you move and live in a certain area, I support you in this fight.
Come on you proud Americans we need to support cleetus  much love from New Zealand brother
I moved in to a house next to a racetrack, it literally no big deal, you can hear them if you are outside but inside with the tv on you never hear them
Rooting for you from michigan. Stand up brother.  Lead the way, you have a lot of folks behind you.
Ol Cleet went to Law School baby!!! Never back down, give no ground!!!
Oh..also..the one with more money/lawyers/power/pull and the one that benefits the city more..always wins
Sent a very respectful email to all voicing opposition. Best of luck in this! Keep us updated!
Facilities like yours also help keep racing of the streets to a bare minimum also. That needs to be mentioned.
SIGNED
I bet Desantis would vouch for what the track has done for the community. I'm sure you know someone that knows someone Garrett.
it's very simple; they "city/county" wants to re-able street racing scene so they can keep all the money and not just the tax money from what the 2 tracks give them. Funny to what extent they push us there to be safe but yet will listen to whoever to alter the area to which they sent you to, no matter what heritage is created by the people. "Murica, don't get treated like a local", show them FREEDOM still breathes 24/7.
Good luck
Put this on the big channel
I am planning a family trip to FF. soon. SAVE OUR BELOVED TRACKS
Happened with KCIR (Kansas City International Raceway).  1967-2011.  Now everyone in KC does side shows and street drags because there's nowhere to go.
Submitted email from OH.
emails sent..good luck sir!!  LONG LIVE FF!!!!
Good job.
I did my part. Best of luck to you guys
Done! I hate this! I moved to Florida to be able to go to the Freedom Factory! And the weather of coarse. I move from Missouri and I have seen this on 2 occasions. Every time a housing development went in the tracks close due to complaints.
Better put a fund together to buy land around you with a board made up of gear heads that know how to write and speak well or your gone. Grandfathering hasn't been protecting interests as it once did. Anyone that comes to the next planning meeting gets to race free. Anyone that buys lots around the race track races free. Freedom race park or bust.
You can't make up this shit, I live in rural Idaho and city slickers move out to the country and complain about the smell of farm animals.  Duh!!!  Good luck brother
They put in 4000 homes next to my local shooting range that had been in operation for 50+ years.  Shooting range is now being closed down due to noise complaints.  After years of trying to get along with hours of operations etc.... 4000 people beat a 500 member club.
can yall ask for a buffer zone or for them to sell you a strip of the land and you can use it as a buffer zone?
Im having a hard time getting the email to send.  It tells me the email addresses are not valid
Buy the land... I know that's not the best idea but that is probably the only thing that'll stop it, they will try and try and try until they get approved to build.
Would it be possible to buy a section on land between the race track and all the areas where all the homes are supposed to be placed? Like, instead of a 25-foot wall, you could have a land barrier between the homes and the track ?
No wall is gonna solve the noise issue for sure. I used to live a mile away from PACIFIC JUNCTION, IA (Not omaha or glenwood!!!) It's PACIFIC JUNTION, IOWA 1320 sponsored/owned track off I-29 and I can hear them from 2 miles away now. Music to my ears but tbh the trains around here are way more annoying. Hopefully everyone shows up for support but wouldn't count on it making a difference. Best plan is buy up the ag land and start farming.
This happened to our Drag strip..San Antonio Raceway RIP 😭
THEY PLAN THESE MEETINGS AT 9 A.M. ON THURSDAY WHEN MOST PEOPLE ARE WORKING SO THEY CAN DO AS THEY DAM WELL PLEASE.WELL HELD A MEETING AND NO ONE SHOWED UP SO WE THOUGHT EVEYONE AGREED.BUNCH OF CROOKED POLITICIANS.GOOD LUCK IN FIGHTING CITY HALL
Need Mr beast to buy all the 4500 lots and turn it into a race track..
Ohhh ya, this is our biggest HELL YA MOMENT !  You already know we're standing with ya & if a 5 minute email can help, you better believe we're sending it! Wish I could be there in person, but I look forward to the post seeing all you standing with Cleetus
Sending email from nl Canada. The freedom factory footage is the highlight of my otherwise dreary days.
3 houses per acre?! Why does anybody want to spend all kinds of money to live that close to somebody else. Nevermind the noises from the racetrack, youll have to worry about 9 of your closest neighbors
Cleetus, I support your effort 100% all the way from Yokosuka Japan. Please remember to vote in every election large and small. That is how people that want to see you lose out get elected. First, they get elected Manatee catchers, and then on to the Zoning commission and School Board....
Good luck brother! 🤞
Don't waste your time with the meeting on Thursday. Get Scott hopes and Kevin van ostenbridge on the phone and get that helicopter out to take them on weekly rides. I don't know the three new members, but Scott,Kevin, George, James and Vanessa can be bribed. My grandfather built dragway 42 back in the late 50s and that battle still goes on today. Do whatever you can to stop this and I do mean EVERYTHING . Let me know if I can  help
This is exactly what they did to KCIR (Kansas City International Raceway).  They built homes on the other side of the fence. Then the new homeowners started to complain about the track.  Now, instead of bringing in tax revenue, it is a park that costs the taxpayers money.
Goodluck Cleetus
Simple Solution - Purchase a parcel of land from the developers, a slice immediately beside the racetrack and without delay set up both a nudist colony, and a skunk rescue.
Like another post on other social media said.  Make them sign a paper telling the future development contractors that you're building on a racetrack, and they're ok with the sounds. (Or some legal terminology like that).
Make them put in a 10 acre buffer that should keep the noise down
Idk if this is similar or the same that happened to the ATL drag strip but now I am a FL resident I will do what ever I can to help
This sucks!! I’m from Salt Lake City and we used to have Rocky Mountain raceway (previously Bonneville raceway) and they did the same thing here. Now we have no tracks unless you drive to Boise or Las Vegas. It really sucks for so many of us who want race but can’t afford to drive that far all of the time. Don’t let them kill it, even just being able to watch what you guys do gives us all joy!! You are killing it with your channel. Thanks for the amazing content!!
Put the emails somewhere it can be copy and pasted
I get the feeling it's  going to be "standing room only" at this board of county commissioners meeting 😁
This is not good news  !!  I remember  back in the early 80's in Socal when urban sprawl  closed down one of the best Dragstrips in Socal . That was OCIR " Orange County international Raceway"  . The area around the Irvine ranch was being developed for 3k homes            Not only did they close down OCIR  but they also were able to shut down and permanently close a major Military base which was MCAS El Toro
Having served on a Town Board previously, you are fighting against the property tax revenue that building homes is going to generate, so you've kinda already lost, and it doesn't matter how many petitions you are able to generate in opposition, the words of the 'against' petitioners won't speak louder than the dollars 'for'. The guaranteed win strategy is to buy the property in question. I can also tell you that non-residents opinions mean nothing to the board. You are 100 percent correct that being professional and having a positive attitude in front of the board is also critical. Noone should go in there with the mindset that the board is their enemy and try to be combative, that is a no win strategy. Get hard facts and evidence on how much tax revenue the racetracks generate and present that data to the board, but if it doesn't outweigh the property tax developing houses will bring, not to mention the tax revenue other town operated services like water, sewer, gas, garbage, fire dept., recreation district, library district...  Fight a good fight brother, get legal council to look at other creative legal options too (petition to re-zone the property, etc...). The real battle isn't at the board meeting, its actually before the meeting happens in documents provided to the Mayor/Board/ and staff before hand. The board is supposed to have an open mind in quasi-judicial matters brought before them, but I can tell you usually minds are already made up by meeting time. Try to get personal meetings with staff, the mayor and the board members prior to the meeting, that will have way more impact than any passionate words said at the board meeting.
Can you support this from Canada?
Petition for 4000 of us to buy the proposed houses. All in favor say I!
Let every single subscriber donate $10 and buy the land off the current owner and this then stops this sin¡ I'm not in the USA but I'd donate £10¡
Here's a thought maybe build the houses somewhere else! Florida is full enough stay in the state you turned to shit!
Gotta love seeing a former law student defending racing!
As a guy that lives close to a race track, approximately a mile, it does suck to listen to. Even as an enthusiast. There is also a skeet shooting facility likely more than 5 miles away. Sounds like people are doing roofing on calm days. Sound travels like a bastard in the country. The track does have sound abatement, taller than 25ft, also noise regulations on cars that run there. There has to be a balance for both. It sucks for people that live within hearing distance and folks that want to run their cars there. Good luck Cleet.
Weren't you in law school a few years ago?  Never underestimate those government leeches.  Guarantee they have already invested in making sure this goes the wrong way for you.  You need to start investigating relatives of the people on those commissions.  Every local government in the country is connected with major construction interests, and they've long since figured out how to make themselves money with a friendly and cooperative smile.
Buy PBIR. Please.🙏
The wife I are more than happy to send some emails in!!!!
your race track has done more for your community and country than nearly any race event in America recently, it would simply be unAmerican to have such a threat against the race track. Your track has historic value along with being a core attraction for the community.
E-mail sent following your instructions. Good luck to you and the team!
Unfortunately I
Oh man I live in Canada but I wish I was there to be there with you
This has to happen on a day I’m out of town without my PC, but I WILL get an email to them using my phone. Love you brother, WE GOT THIS!!
I grew up a few miles from Maryland international raceway. There's nothing they could build that would even remotely help while being that close. Best of luck man. I'm raising my son to be a little gear head now but seems like motorsports are dying and the hand of the ones who only see $$.
I just saw the pin comments sorry LOL
emails sent
Email sent !
Shoutout houston raceway rip had some good times at cleetus and cars live in baytown and pull up every Friday to see the races and hangout sad to see it leave
To those suggesting that youtubers band together and buy the land. The problem with that is unless they start a whole other line of business to farm it one way or another and maintain the agriculture exemption, the county will just tax them to death based on "Value" of the land. Which in their eyes is huge cause a developer would love to do just what they are proposing. To be perfectly honest the only way we kill this here and now is to have SOOOOO many people show up to speak that you literally drag the session out until the commissioners are tired of listening to it and are willing to deny it just to end the parade of people against it. Make that Thursday meeting drag on into Monday afternoon 3 or 5 minutes at a time (or whatever they allow per person) they will kill this. But that just gets you to the next fight which is you need a rock solid ordinance giving the track immunity to the future developers that will try the same thing. Will also require a special ordinance with strict repeal rules that states the county cannot put restrictions on the track based on noise, light pollution, smell or other complaints. Unfortunately that wont happen. The kind of people that get elected arent the kind of people that appreciate what Cleetus has done over the past few years. If anything they hate it.
Cletus look at the New Jersey Motorsports Park in Millville NJ and issues that they have had
Just sent the emails Cleet.  We will live to race another day!
Just sent all 7 recipients an email --- I Oppose
Alright someone get me a d9 and a welder I once watched a video on how to handle this situation 😂
OK if push comes to shove can you buy the land beside the track and build homes there leased through the track with the idea being that they overlook the track and come with season passes for the track? This would mean the houses closest to the track are used by people that are expecting the noise and are less likely to "complain". Might talk to the drag strip owner about this plan B.
Email sent.  I wish there was more I could do to help.  😢  The same thing happened to a drag strip and oval track the town over from where I grew up.  The tracks were there for decades.  The county bought the cheap property next to the tracks and built a community college.  The school complained about the noise, and the tracks were forced to shutdown.  This happened before I was born, but I remember driving across where the drag strip used to be and could see the remains of the grandstand from the road.  Also, I would hear the stories from people who used to watch the races and racers themselves.
*Man this is a crock of shit!.. I don't know what an email from me will do but I'm sending it anyway* 🤘
Cleetus I'm from Canada can I still oppose?
fill the house! but please be respectful folks
Not for nothing who in the hell, is buying brand new homes right now. (I mean shit I'd take a discounted house and be happy to be next to the track) but every fucker I know is broke as shit regardless of income
Here in Canada we had the same things occur. There is a racetrack/skydiving facility that had to shut down, because people started building houses near by and filed noise complaints. Its such a repeatable, predictable series of events, it should be common sense by now. Yet it isnt.
Consider it done, fam. I hate that they are basically destroying hobbies and nature in the name of having new luxury homes.
Should start calling you John Dutton trying to defend your ranch from development!
This should be on the main channel
Just a thought get ahold of the Governor of Florida an ask for help you bring money into the state plus keep a racing community  growing could reach out to Dale Jr he has a thing about lost racetracks or Tony Stewart he owns Eldora a small dirt track in Ohio where my dad raced after Vietnam use all available resources to keep the Freedom Factory going Brother.
What happened to freedom? Big money is evil.  The future of America is dim but that being said never never give up! Fight for ever inch
I love that the moment i saw this i googled hotel rooms. Thats the power of your content made me want to drive 13 hours, get a room and tell them why we matter.
We lost ALL of our tracks here in Phoenix because we didnt get the numbers together to stop this!!!! MAKE YOUR VOICE HEARD!!!
GARRET  MITCHELL       GET    READY    TO    PACK    UP    YOUR    STUFF.      GREAT  NAME
Hello Mr Cletus I think you should post this to your main Channel as well I'm going to share this and ask people to repost we need to try to get this viral this cannot happened my new life goal is to visit the freedom Factory the freedom Factory must remain forever
Here's an Idea. make list of tracks in state that their Idea's have already been implemented and failed causing track closer.  Get as many racers to attend and fight for the historic value of the track and surrounding area
Done.
You need to put this on your main channel
You gotta get ahold of Desantis.
I live in Orlando and we race over there. Emails are sent please yall
The amount of times I’ve see people build or move next to tracks, gun ranges and sand dunes because it’s cheap and then get them closed or heavily restricted due to “noise complaints” I truly hope you beat this Garret!
You know that the level of power this people have will destroy you really bad and really fast, so my recommendation is to request for it to be less amount of houses to a point were doesn’t affect the track operations and there personal interest!! Remember you dealing with BIG DOGS, does how careless about you or family, They only care about the personal interest. So set a housing development plan that shows how it works for both parties.
Email sent
writing up the email now from Apollo Beach 👍
If you want to see issues for examples. Look at the SRQ airport and how it had to compensate for its flight paths and times due to noise from operations. There is a lot of information about people going to officials complaining about the noise even though they knew they were buying a house by an airport.
I support your valiant efforts Cleeter but all I can say is good luck. You're up against millions of dollars in tax revenue and thousands of jobs for people.
Lawyer Garrett in full effect
If it all fails Buy the land buy the homes
Email sent!!
Man I wish you the best of luck but seeing so much farm land becoming subdivisions all around my area it all boils down to revenue for the county, city and state. Greed has taken the place of compasion and preserving history.  I stand behind you and The FF 100%.
Done!
Dude I was looking for plane tickets before the end you almost destroyed air travel man I work for a reputable aftermarket transmission company and stuff like this not only has effect like this to the little man like cleet in this instance  but also companies as big as he dreams about and I believe being an OG fan cleet  nation stands behind you brother let's blow them up and show them the power of the people in motorsports LETS GO BROTHER
Real estate developers only care about their bank account, not the locals or the people they're selling the homes to.
Find out who’s greasing the politicians over there. Someone taking a kickback. You b racing Electric cars there
Its not just a "how race tracks die" issue. This is a public safety issue. People build race cars to race them... including illegally. Take away race tracks, and you defacto promote illegal street racing.
Hey mate, i sent an email. Might get ignored given im from Australia but wanted to anyway. This same shit happened so so many tracks here. New housing built, people complain. The track shuts down. Then the councils wonder why people turn to hooning round in the streets, bunning carparks etc.
Lawyer Cleet
They moved a huge horse arena next to our track and they complained about the noise.  People are just such asses
email sent from Ontario Canada. Good luck brother couldn't have a better advocate for these historic racetracks
This just in.....Florida Man Provides Reality Check!
Sell it to developers and save yourself all the stress son.  Then build another further out.
The is where that law work has come to fruition... Thank you Cleeter
Don't worry about this Garrett we won't let this happen
We need a go fund me so we can help cleet buy the land
Done from Australia if that helps at all :) Good luck.
email sent, go get em cleet!! wish i could be in person
subdividing that land knowing there is a "drag strip, cattle farm, zoo, train station, forest, fire arms range or other" in the vicinity is a stipulation put on the buyer of those homes, accept it is there and sell marketing to persons that would like to live closer to that including moving there civil job industries to lower perceived state costs without effecting perceived value to target audience. "house costs $480'000, the persons job costs 17 times that... $37 billion dollar sub division in the end state of total processing, bigger go cart track lots of local competition etc."
so, big brains in one swipe seek to wipe out farm land and massive tax income in the form of race tracks. genius! sadly, this is way too common.
The problem is that the land owner and developer of the project are donors to those politicians and they will do what the developers want.  Pay to play….
It's all about the money for these idiot land developers.
I emailed
It even happened to a small go-cart track that allowed people to drift locally. New neighbors moved in, started complaining, and we haven't had an event in over a year. The hosts of the event have try'd  talking with the neighbors to try and find a common ground, but the county is involved of course and from what I hear that's been the big lynch pin.  The place was called Pats Acres Raceway and the event was called PARC Drift in Canby OR, and now the closest place I know of is in Washington about 3 hours away. I'm starting my email now; I don't want to see another track go down. The whole car community needs to come together and save the culture.
1/3 acre homes next to a racetrack, that is how Mega Karens are created. They will moan and moan and moan about the poor people that have to listen to the sound. Happened in KC, happens everywhere. SAVE THE FREEDOM FACTORY!
Ah man... 4500 homes * property tax per year = HUUUUUGE money... I hope there is a miracle Garrett
Email sent! Save our racetracks!!
Oh wait where where you on the fjb thing you are a coward you failed to fight now you will fail lawyer
Sending emails right now.
That's what happpen to savannah dragway in savannah ga
You can last another decade and by then everyone will be racing electric stuff. Nice and quiet, albeit depressing.
Why isn't this on the main channel?
The city/county board has been paid off already. Money buys anything, even votes…. Go figure right? I’m in though…. Emails will be sent.
Can we all pitch in and buy some of that land from the developers?? Like split it into 1000 acers and buy the rectangular spot nearest to the track?
Hello I am from Canada 🍁 I have noticed that tv sports are being taken over by the Internet World. I have told my sons to watch Garrett Mitchell as his Internet name is Cleetus McFarland for he will change the way we will be seeing sports! Since that day he has made a large following across the world making some of the most enjoyable content using other u tubers and  buying up a race track redoing it so it is fully functional. Australia enjoys burn out pads .. Cleetus made one here! If you build it they will come.  Somehow I hope that " one man " can make a difference because I am no help here in Canada. Lets just Save the Sport for the World to enjoy and keep growing food around the tracks. Good Luck Garrett  .. Your friend Greg Cloutier
California haves this problem... some many times they try to close are local track. But we keep fighting back
I’m so sick of seeing this Bs happen time and time again. I fully support you Garrett and I will send the email. The wall will fail, the neighbors will bitch and you will be shut down if we don’t support you now. Y’all better get your game face on! Send the damn email, let’s go!!!
The lady to the right in the thumbnail looks happy
Does it count if Canadians email?
Email sent good luck brother
My wife and I just both sent emails. Florida residents too. So plus 2 on email bomb.
This is exactly what killed my hometown dirt track that we had been going to since we were kids.
I’ll be writing up an email tonight. I fully support local tracks and keeping them alive. What you’ve done in that area is impressive and it shows. I hope that the county sees what it means to keep these tracks alive and protected, but $$$$ is in their face with the possibility of 4500 properties to tax.
Why dont you just take all the vehicles and in passing the building full throttle.  Let them get a tiny taste of how useless a solid wall is for blocking race car roars
Buy the surrounding land and sell it to all your buddies.
YouTubers against crime… let’s rise above and become our own government
maybe round up some investors to purchase and develop that tract of land with like minded people.
Hopefully, you are successful with this action to stop the planning application. There's been a few long running race tracks & drag strips in Australia, which have had a similar fate.
One of the greatest drag strips in the country closed due to this same scenary...  Raceway Park in Englishtown, NJ. It hosted the summer nationals for NHRA every year
Aunt Fester was looking real salty behind Cleet.
I think it's time to give your governor a shout before this gets out of your control. You guys opened up just after hurricane Ian. As a vet of many hurricanes I would like to say what a relief from all of the destruction   and the people came. Also the history needs to be preserved.
Oh damn, Cleeter just invited 3 million people to oppose the project!! Bravo sir!!
It's insane to think a thriving business can be somewhere then ppl can move in.  Then complain and the local government then thinks they can limit your business and bankrupt you.  BS. Hell no.    Up here in NY it happens all the time.   Local governments literally stealing homes and property
I'm in Atlanta georgia, if anybody has any further intel to help let me know.
Good luck from aus buddy 🇦🇺👍🏻🍻
4500 homes x $$$County-Rates = 💰 for county budgets = 💣 🏎️ 💥 = 😢
Email sent and will keep you and yours in my prayers
This is literally the death story of a racetrack about 10 minutes from here.  Popular, well outside of city limits.  Residential expands close to the racetrack, people(who moved there knowing the racetrack was already 50+ years established) complained, racetrack owners get tired of the constant fight and sell.  It's now a storage lot for overstock equipment.
I grew up in Ohio near Lawrenceburg Speedway in Lawrenceburg, Indiana. The Speedway is located at the fairgrounds within the city. I remember the Speedway has a noise ordinance to end racing at a specific time. Well, at that time the Mayor of Lawrenceburg was a racing fan and would always let the drivers finish the race no matter how many laps were left. Also, one of my hometown dragstips shutdown due to people buying homes and complained about the noise of the dragstrip on the weekends.
Hell yeah brother!  Email sent, sorry I can't make it personally.
This is what happened in Jacksonville. The track was there before the homes. People bought the homes and finally the city closed the track.
We are losing wild horse pass drag strip in Phoenix next year too and it’s been open since 1983, to make room for a highway overpass 😑 one by one drag racing is being shut down 😢
It sucks how us racing fans are always having to fight in claw just to keep our tracks open
It's disgusting to see these raggedy cookie cutter home being built. Made out of particle board out of the cheapest materials. It's $250,000 piece of shit houses on less than a quarter of an acre.
Emails sent. Good Luck Cleetus and crew.
Best of luck to you cleet and crew. Kudos to anyone that shows up to support you. I will send an e-mail out there to be on record for you.
You should get ahold of the guys that built Atlanta Motorsports Park in Dawsonville Georgia. See if you could put together a proposal for a motorsports village, garages, and a road course. Then present it to the developers wanting to build next door. Could be a great solution and partnership.
Im not sure they care about much more then tax income from the land, and bringing in more population. Up to 4500 homes is alot of money for the county. I wish you the best my friend. Hopefully it isnt buildable land for some reason or another.
If I could be there I would. I sent the email in my place. Git er done ma guy, rednecks everywhere are counting on you.
Look at what they did to measa marin raceway in bakersfield home owners shut her down
BTW how much is that land worth? Can you buy it?
Email sent from Robertson county Tn.
I can't be there in person But can sure as hell send them some emails. Come on brooothersss do what's right get yo ass up and help.
From Canada so I obviosly won't be there but I'll be sure to send an email showing my out of country support. Hope it help and best of luck in this new challenge.
Email sent.... !!!
Welp, those representatives inbox's are gonna be packed for the next few days. Uploaded an hour ago and has 30k views, if 1 in 10 send the email that's 3k emails already. Lets keep this civil and courteous, don't give them a reason it come after our boy cleet, that just gives them more reason to ignore him and all of us.
I'd apply to build homes/townhouses all around the track and make it like a "racing country club" type of thing... Something like Virginia International Raceway. Beats the developers at their own game.
Good luck!!
I think it's really bad and I support you with this and I hope it goes the right way those houses it is basically going to be a death of a racetrack if they allow homes in there and people in I know the owners of the property are going to be pissed but I think the owners are just looking at one thing all the money that they can make putting those homes in they don't care about after the homes are in and what it does to the people that was there all they see is profit
Emails sent. +1 on getting this up on the main channel...need to reach as many people as possible. Also get other Youtubers who come down to race to share as well. Need an audience as wide as possible! You're doing the right thing taking a respectful approach and fighting the good fight!
Email sent brother
Go in with a group of guys to buy a chunk of the land closest to the race track
Gosh darn it
Done. 🫡
I stopped studying for my college finals to send that email. Long live the Freedom Factory!
Emails sent, happy to help!  We have fought off local issues like this in Huntsville, AL with houses being built up against historic Huntsville Dragway.
Plot twist: the plan is approved, and 4,500 racers move in next to the best drag strip on earth. Cleetus builds a frontage road direct to the track for non-street-legal cars to show up with ease.
What would be the chance of buying some property on the drag strip side?
Lets pray that there are extinct animals on that land...that will hold them up for a while. My emails are sent. God speed!
you need to follow the money.see who the developer has paid bribes to in the state to get this passed. you may have to try and pay larger bribes to get this development stopped.
They have no idea what's coming 🤣
Please put this on the main channel  you will get way more emailed sent in
100% certain death for tracks. Good luck with the fight.
Anyway we can help, let us know!
They are seriously getting out of hand with these housing zones. Turning everywhere into cities.. I have a game that you have to pay for a barrier to use the race track because of people complaining lol. The fact that both the drag strip and your circle track are doing so well, its providing serious revenue for the area. Makes them seem dumb crazy if they do that.
Been through this same shit myself. Sadly the track being there first will not help. People coming in and renting hotel rooms, and eating at restaurants will not matter to these commissioners. More than likely their pockets are already being lined by the developers and no amount of reason will change their minds. That being said, if enough people flood them with opposition they might listen so I'll be sending those emails even though I'm in North Alabama. Good luck. The thought of losing these tracks makes me so sad.   If you build or buy a house next to a race track and then complain about the noise you should be told to fuck the hell off. There should be no recourse for you. None. We lost a great track because of something very similar, only it was to wealthy neighbors instead of 4k. It really pisses me off.  Emails sent!
I live over 5 miles away from our local circle track and I can hear the cars running on weekends during the summer.
mass email sent and i made it as sweet as possible for our boy cleet hope everything works out man would hate to see everything fall apart for you to
Done!! Emails sent
Sent
Just have the f150 ready for me to drive back to MA and I'll be there ohh yeah and some extra gas ⛽ money and possibly tires 🤣
Buy that land
Case and point Riverside California, "Riverside International Race Way" Shut down and removed from existence for the very same reason your facing. Urban Sprawl....SAD!
Florida is getting built up like crazy wherever a house can be placed it's getting done. Over 1k people moving to Florida a day.
Sadly, these things are all about money and who is getting paid. Follow the money and you will find how many of these commissioners have a back door financial interest in these developments and expanding the tax base.
Garret my best wishes.  Sorry to here this.  I'm Canadian and if I could I would support you on Thursday. Hope this is not the near end.
What about the Animals that will be effected? I am not a tree hugger, but this is an angle you could play to your advantage. Their will be many animals displaced so folks can build houses? Why now? Also a 25ft wall isn’t going to do much of anything. That’s a tactic to bankrupt you before they even build anything. It’s just to get you out of the way. No way to buy enough land so the houses would be further away?
😭 why are planners so dumb????? They keep doing this everywhere! No one cares about more houses! Keep the tracks alive!
Only if I won the lotto... I'd just buy up all the land and keep it undeveloped + expand the track :P
And that's why we can't have nice things..
In Portland they made it all industrial/ country fair territory to help with the sound
WOW!
I'm in Canada, will my email help?
I can't wait for their emails to be full tomorrow morning!
there the government goes, trying to get a cut or they shut you down.
I emailed all of them for you brother and for everyone else out there 😎👌🏾
Best of luck. I'd sell it. You won't beat 4500 homes my boy.
Email sent!! Good luck
emails sent. I live near Englishtown which sadly suffered the same fate as you are describing late last year after they bumped homes literally right next to the race track.  Hope they get the message there on Thursday from everyone reaching out. Good Luck!
can someone confirm the address? ima try an make it
Your best plan of action is to attack it based on tax revenue. Bring in all your documentation of state/city/county taxes paid, number of jobs created, etc.  Also, arrange to have the roads near the council-people's houses shut down for filming of race cars. That'll work wonders for expanding their understanding.
Time to get lawyers involved man. The development companies have big money and lobbyist.
SHOULDN'T  HAVE  PUT  IN  THOSE  EXPENSIVE  "CONCRETE"  LIGHT  POLES.   LOL
Emails sent, I do not want to see another great American racetrack fall to urban development
Damn we can’t have anything that is bullshit cleet
Email sent.  Good luck!!
All I know is I would come if I didnt live 3 hours away and maybe one of my cars ran. I defo attempted to send an email for yall. Goodluck on this and hope the best outcome for the freedom factory.
As a fellow g body-El Camino owner, well said/done Cleetus!
Sent them an Email from Edmonton, Alberta . Told them they would be missing out on tourism and they should consider building a hotel over there instead of housing !
sent
the tax revenue these homes will generate there will be no stopping it. the board doesnt care about that track and are full in on its demise.
You might have to buy up a few of those parcels so you can set them up as race houses. If all else fails, you'll have land adjacent to the track to bnb out to folks that fly in for the races. I don't know how much that'll cost, but it might be an option if they push this thru.  Know that we're here to help, and if anybody can, I know this crowd will go to bat for you, Cleeter.
Rally up!! We need cleet 💪
U better buy that land next door!
County will pass it also! Too much $ for there pockets to turn down when they have personal financial gain right in front of them. Public interest is of no concern to these people!!!
What if you bought the land?
Hey cleetus i am from India and your channel and this race track is a dream of thousands, woukd it be okay if i can slso send them an email.
Good luck Garret , We call the whiners NIMBYs  in Australia. Not In My Back Yard! Bloody developers ruin everything thing in the name of profit making. Sydney used to have a vibrant pub music scene, think AcDc and similar legends. They can’t  happen these days because people buy houses in areas made “trendy “ by the scene and then whinge like crazy because it’s loud on the weekends. The only cure is to have historic use function grandfathered into future development proposals. I can’t help from Australia but I can wish you well. I mean fair dinkum, we had to switch to alcohol fuel to save the planet, we are the good guys😎👍🤘
Probably going to be an HOA to boot lol.....
Cleetus  I love you bro been watching since you worked with 1320 videos I need you to put this on your main channel with a light bit of the normal action and I know that’s a lot but just do a update video that’s perfect you will get so many more ppl and support how you did the video was great I love the cleetus 2 channel but you gotta put it on you main page please it will do so good helll ya brother💯💯💯!!!!
❤ from Canada. Good luck with this! 🤞
The sad thing is all the people in position to vote for it are also in position to receive money from all of those houses being built. And that’s why it’s sad to say this will be a losing battle.
Sending the email now brother !!
I don't see 25 ft. walls around every airport in the country
I’m from Michigan and I vote no on this development.
Cletus that circle track has hosted the last 3 generations of my family’s high horse power shenanigans both on the short oval and the strip. Please keep us updated on any hearings or appearances you may make, as a manatee county resident I’ll fight by your side for this track!
Here’s the issue. In about every city, developers are giving kickbacks to city officials to approve these developments. Want to win? Hire private investigators to prove it and shut down city hall. It’s crazy to nobody has done this.
One thing to consider speaking about is the safety of having racing on a track vs racing on the street. Everyone always says to take racing to a track, but where can you go if they end up shutting down?
same issue with laguna seca... always whining about after market cans on bikes etc.
and sent
DONE!!  Praying for ya, Brother!
You will not win the Development Giants are Deep Into these 🐀’s Pockets
As a fellow Floridian and track enthusiast, you should reach out to LZ and have him mention this also in one of his videos and massive event this weekend.
it don't matter how meany ppl say they dont want it, its USA unfortunately money talks and the housing investors i can guarantee have put a lot of envelopes under the desk or are giving Big donations to the partys in charge
As someone who has attended events at both tracks, email sent to help you guys out. Good luck!
Cleet I'm full with you on this and support on stopping these homes from coming in. I'm not sure how the local property ownership laws work in FL. The county I live in Indiana has a website that shows all property owners. You said a group is wanting to do this. If someone on one of these boards has investment interests with that property. It will be a huge hurtle to get it stopped. Also likely only stopped for temporary. They will try year after year to get it done.
Very respective email sent & included the details you want.
Good luck, I hope the council favours the tracks
I would send an email opposing this development if I was located in the states, being a Canadian in BC I can only wish you all the best in this struggle.
Emailed.
I am a semi driver here in Ohio and I have a lot of seat time and I'm on nights. I've screen shot all info and will oppose this amendment to all commissioners listed. Your doing a good thing for people there. It's a positive influence and outlet for fans to experience. Good Luck
Sit tight and hold as many events as you can, while you can. Then when the new "homeowners" complaing about the noise, sue them to emenant domain you, with all the cost to move you to a new location.  They will never turn down a developer and the permit fees income and new property taxes to the  city/county.
Holy crap, this is ridiculous, they can not take your freedom! They literally shut down the only track within200 miles because of this exact issue. Now there's street racing everywhere. This is so braindead.
Another element other than noise is the bright lights at night. A lot of the events that are held at the freedom factory are after the sun has gone down. This will surely be another thing for the residents of this new community to complain about. Recently close to where I live In Mesa, Arizona a massive sports complex was built and they are getting constant complaints about the lighting due to residents not being able to see the night sky. Noise will be an issue for the residents that live closer to the freedom factory as well as lights, but with the bright lights , that could pose an issue as well for many if not all of the other residents.
NOooo way  brother   why move next to a  racetrack its  a money game simple    hope you  win
Need to get big YouTubers to post this, whistling diesel got a following for this type of thing
What tends to happen is that racetracks bring in revenue for businesses around them and in turn create popular spots that attract people. When developers see that people are interested in the area, they start looking for property that they can develop and get top dollar. They don’t care about why or what made the area popular, or what happens to the area after they sell off their properties. They’re only concerned with how much money they can make and the rest is everyone else’s concern. In a perfect situation, the people who enjoy the reasons that the area is popular would be the ones to purchase homes in the area. However, that’s nearly never the case. The developers push the houses to the market and sell them as fast as they can to whoever wants “a house”. Then you end up with angry neighbors who don’t care about the attractions that made the area thrive which in turn shuts down the attractions and makes the area less desirable for businesses and lowers property values basically turning the area into a run down town that businesses move away from.
Did not see this coming. WTF
Email Sent !!!!!!!
good luck brother
I find it so crazy how close they build houses together nowadays.  I mean we're talkin one home on a 3rd of an acre.  When I was a kid they wouldn't let my uncle build a second house on his 3 acres of property, but 2 miles away in the suburbs they pile em up on top of each other.
There is noise cancellation technology , it reads sound waves and instantly broadcast it negative wave therefore no sound , get the housing project to pay for it , this is put into manufacturing factories where sound is intalitral , You could hear a pin drop after turning it on . Just an Ideal case things go south .
email sent
4000 homes pays more in taxes than a race track!!!!!! If we all email we might be able to save the freedom factory!
Hate to be a negative Nancy but Unfortunately 4500 homes means a lot of money for the developer and the county in tax revenue. There will be plenty of pocket lining involved to push this through.
People build next to racetracks and then bitch and complain about noise. We're losing tracks all over the U.S.   Fucking stupid
no one messes with the dutton ranch!
I am from Massachusetts but when I get to work I will e mail everyone you mentioned and do my part. This is crazy and I would hate for them to get this signed off on. Nothing but problems you’re just a hard working car enthusiast that’s trying to keep it alive and put you’re life into this track. I got you brother
Manatee County likes property taxes. The more homes you can cram into an acre the more property taxes Manatee County can collect.   Here's an impossible solution:  Buy the land slated for development. It's the only way you will be able to save both your tracks and keep "urban sprawl" away from your doorstep. It takes money and time you don't have, because it's the current owners of that farmland applying for rezoning, probably.   If it goes to the state level, you will not be able to dissuade them from approving the rezoning. They will tout that there is a national housing crisis and more homes really means more voters and taxpayers.  I think you've got a real uphill battle ahead of you.
Best of luck to you. But these county officials (government cartel thugs) will collect more by stealing money from 4500 homes in the form of grossly over inflated property tax than you could ever generate with sales.
shut them down cleet! you could see her facial expression as you had more an more valid arguments lol
Real estate market is starting to get crushed.  They may approve this but it will be 10 to 20 years before they even think about developing. Municipalities are all about money it is an uphill battle. You are better off doing a fundraising efforts and just buy the land.  It is really the only way you can protect the track long term.  Time for social media stars to step up and show what they are capable of.
Can’t get there but will send my email. 🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
i feel like the commission doesnt know how loud these cars really are. call on as many commissioners and demonstrate your 2 step. it will shake them and quantify that any night people make passes that will happen 100s of times
What sucks is that they will always favor 4,000 buildings generating property taxes which funds schools and cities versus the tax revenue from your events generated by hotels and restaurants.
Thanks for watching, do it for Dale, we'll freakin' see ya later.   There, you're welcome.
Brother. I feel your fight. One of my favorite things about living where I do is hearing music city raceway roar on Tuesday nights, Friday and Saturday nights. Fight for what you love.
I applaud you for trying to stop the growth in your area. I wish you all the best as we have all seen it before. Unfortunately all the city and county sees is tax revenue from all those homes. You (we) have an uphill battle.
The city and county see dollar signs. That's all they ever see.... It's alot of tax dollars that will be inappropriately spent just like anywhere else in the U.S. . I love being American but absolutely despise the government.
MY MESSGAGE SENT< GOOD LUCK GARRET, We got your back!!
What is wrong with the world 😭😭 we just want to do what we love and they try and take it away any chance they get.
Start looking for rare turtles bro.
sent an email opposing and gave them a very good reason why. no did not threaten to harm them heres my email... "Hello I am Jared Allen my current address is (insert address) and I oppose application PA-21-09/Ordinance – Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048. The reason I, a resident outside of your scope, am opposing the plan is due to the fact two of my favorite race tracks are now at risk of closing down forever. I have been to Bradenton motorsports park a few times and plan on going back. I understand the housing will bring growth to your community but your community holds the best motorsports park in the world and Id hate to see it go.  	Thank you for your consideration 		-Jared Allen"  (of course i put in my address just dont want you all to see) also changed my name to match my yt profile so name isnt same either
Who knew being a Law student would benefit you in the future! All joking aside, this really is one serious issue that may not have an immediate impact but as time goes by, the complaints will continue to grow until you're forced to do something
Can use the airports as examples
I don't think they realize the millions of people in your corner other youtubers with millions of subscribers who also gonna put out this message
Put this on your main channel
They did this same shit in Jersey and now Englishtown is gone.
You can most definitely tell ole cleet was gonna be a lawyer, great communication skills, but seriously I hate that they are doing this much luck to you and the drag strip man I’d hate to see this crap shut you guys down
Email sent. Hell yeah brother we're shutting down this development plan
The ignorance of people never ceases to amaze me. You move to house in an area prone to earthquakes don't be surprised when you get an earthquake, you move to a house near a racetrack don't be surprised when racecars make a noise.
Email sent.
I live in Colorado right down the highway from Bandimere. They built several developments right across the highway from it and they instituted a curfew several years ago. It's crazy how a speedway that has been there 60+ years has to bend to houses built this decade.
Hopefully some outside emails will help, I know I’ve just sent mine in. Even being from Missouri, I hate to see this happening and hope it can be prevented Cleet!!
DONE!!! Sent to every single one of them. LETS SAVE THE FREEDOM FACTORY!!!!!… It’s a stupid plan to build next to it.  Already lost 2 racetrack in my area.  And a 3rd one is battleing…..
What is it about rich people buying buying up farmland and making it harder for everyone else
Wow. Figures someone would wanna fuck up something good. Never fails.
The poor inbox for the commissioners.
WE NEED TO GET HISTOCAL STATUS ON THE RACE TRACKS!!!
I love you Cleet but you are wasting your breath. That plan is intentionally created to kill that race track.
You know the new neighbors will be outside at their pools and hear the racetrack and complain all the time
we will put out an action alert to our email list.
buy the acers around the tracks with the dragstrip if you can after you won this so it will never happen again you could even make an hotel on it,
I could not coy and paste but I did send an email
Email sent, Gods speed Brother!
You presented very well.  This sucks. Urban sprawl is an issue everywhere.
Sent in my opposition email, wishing the best to all the folks at the FF..
Cledus ,just a thought maybe have YouTube speak up for the fate of the Freedom Factory..Without YouTube I would of ever never watched any of your content or have learned of new YouTube channels..My prayers for future Freedom Factory events...
I am sure Cleetus saw this coming when he invested in the track. You do not need a palm reader to tell you that area is growing like mad.
I hope it doesn't go through but if it does please have a plan B. Create a space on so much land it will never be put in this situation.
To me you are grandfathered in there, but they do talk a good line saying agreements etc but that's just so they can start building, then they start putting the screws down on your business after they finished building and people move in, then the tables turn on their initial pleasantries do a 180 and they work towards shutting you down. That sucks.
Sonoma raceway my local track in California where NHRA, nascar,  F, and ama all race there, the track is surrounded by age land and even they have noise ordinance issues because the dairy farmers say it lowers the cows milk production. Petaluma raceway a local dirt track to me has had it's 2nd to last year because of people moving in around the track and complaining. Unfortunately I just don't think racetracks will be around much longer at all because people encroach on us and complain because they don't share the same opinions on us it's unfortunate but we can't compete
Done!
😮 This is really bad and the battle is definitely not in your favor. Let’s think about this from the cities view. Each home is worth whatever the property taxes are per year. I don’t know what that is in Florida, but in TX it’s about $5k - $8k per year. This is money the city, county, and state receives. That would be around $$20M+ per year. That’s exactly how the decision makers think.
Subject line?
Go get some sea turtles and put them on the land. That’s the only way you’ll get it stopped.
Preach on brother. Osceola Dragstrip was sold and closed. Around since the 50s. The new owners wanted to improve it and add more stuff. Local residents opposed new stuff. Now its being turned into homes.
This is part of what ended the drag strip in Utah
Email sent. Keep this dreamworld alive and well I would be crushed to see this get passed
Email has been sent. I am an AutoCAD engineer for residential housing here in Arizona. I(and the company I work for) did the lots(homes) next to Arizona Speedway(I went to for years), that ultimately closed down due to the homes be built. Literally not even a year later the track was closed. It was an awesome dirt track, fun people, good times, etc. That track and Manzanita speedway are the only reason I ever got into cars/racing. My dad took me to races all the way from about 6 years old, I loved it. Still do. But that track(Manzanita) closed due to housing, then I started going to Arizona Speedway, even moved near it to be closer to it. Then that closed, and now the closest track to me is well over an hour away. In which I dont really have time to drive there, stay till 10-11, then drive back home. Along with if I want to drink at the event. No shot am I taking a $120+ Uber home(did it once, never again). So now I just live my racing dreams through ol’ Cleet and am gonna try to fly out to at least 2 events in 2023.  Good luck Cleet! We’re all rooting for you, the tracks, and your team! Hopefully the power of YouTube and the racing scene can get this application dismissed. If it gets approved, its not a matter of “if” the track will be forced to close, its a matter of WHEN.
I'll be there brotha
Let’s make this the first save of a race track. We are an army. We can stop this one
Damn whatever group is behind this are a bunch of assholes. Just so they can build a bunch of cookie cutter Mcmantions. People really suck
Who's the builder that wants to build there? Unfortunately I can't be there,but ( depending on the builder) I may be able to talk to some people.
Email barrage has been sent. Let's send so many we crash the server! All be respectful!
tooo true , i just lost my local short track after 69 years of racing due to a housing development, crowds for the last 5 years were their biggest ever.
This is what pretty much killed most of the go kart and actual race tracks in Australia
This should be on main channel
Just sent my email.
The builder should need to build that wall. A existing racetrack was zoned for just that purpose. Building homes will lead to headaches and noise ordnance
HELL NAW BROTHER!
They stand no chance with the amount of support from your fans.
Just emailed everyone in the description. Good luck brother!
Email sent brother we got your back!
All you have to do is coax some endangered species of animals to move onto said property. Problem solved
The same thing happened to the 1/8th mile drag strip close to me 🤬
Cletus‘s 85% completion on the Florida bar exam has finally paid off
I need a US address!!
Comes down to taxes. Those homes will bring in way more than the race tracks could provide unfortunately. The only option would be to buy out the original investors.
Done and done brother!!!  I live in WA state so I sent an email.
Ill travel from texas and chain myself too a tree in that land if this happens  Pls tag whistlingdiesel and get his crowd out too!
Email sent I live close to IRP/ORP, and every year new people enter the area and flood Nextdoor or Facebook with complaints about the noise.  Get a life people!!
You have a big asset wtf man bs
We (your fans) will fight this. For the good of your racetrack and all your hard work, you bring so much to that county!!!
You better start bribing people, I guarantee you a development company already is!
Crazy the world we live in. In my home town we have a dirt circle track that has hundreds of residents within close radius. It's been like this since I was a child. Even miles away you can still hear the roar of the v8's. I love it and wouldn't want it any other way
Done. I have emailed each of these addresses from Bay City, MI! Hell Yeah Brother!!!!
1.5m emails or more later and several hundred or even thousand in person will show just how much theese tracks mean to people. It's the only safe way car people can safely and legally escape.
Emails sent. They closed PBIR and that was my local track. I can't see them do the same considering the amount of people that gather in a safe fun environment. Plus the time and effort and money spent on these two awesome race tracks. All the luck and gds speed!
This exact thing was the death of Englishtown, NJ. Rural lands being turned into housing, neighbors complaining, combined with an increase in surrounding values and decrease in revenue resulted in a closure of a very prominent NHRA track. Good luck man
Need to find some exotic endangered species that needs protecting in that area and use that angle.   That’s how we roll in Canada.
Dude they’re looking at future property tax revenue! They couldn’t care less about an exotic giraffe track. Sadly, They will approve it regardless of how many people show up.
Garrett , my name is david wherry. I live in bradenton probably 1 mile from you and and couple from the race tracks and i agree. Not surprised this is happening. But i sent all the recipients emails to oppose this from happening. Because if it gets approved you are correct it wont be long before your shut down. Hope we can band together and stop this community.
This is what happened to Old Dominion Raceway in Manassas VA. It was set up outside of the city limits. As the city grew over the years. The city shut it down, and it took over 15 years for the racetrack to move and reopen 3 counties away from it original location.
See you there
To bad this didn't happen many years from now could of bought the land and tell them to shove it lol
I am Canadian 🇨🇦 I wish I could help. Your channel and what it does for everyone in a safe environment is what this world needs. This is how we show it. People need a place to enjoy motor sports.
EMAILED ALL 7 INDIVIDUALS   Let’s beat this!!!
Just a reminder that Planning commission members are being lobbied(bought) by big developers too
Those board members are generally paid off in millions of bride dollars. Good luck
Looks like the tracks are dead. Property tax on 4500 homes is a ton of money.
The tax revenue will be the deciding factor, all they are going to look at is the money they can make.  In my 39 years of racing, I have seen too many tracks close due to this.  I have even moved to be near tracks in the past and was just considering doing it again.  Been to the council meetings, messaged politicians, signed petitions, etc. nothing helps.  Sorry to be a Mr. Poopey Pants
This is exactly what happened to English town dragway in NJ. to a tee. this blows so hard.
Run the track 7 days a week ,,,,from here on out
Same problem Bandimere is starting to have due to greedy developers and government officials
Hi Cleetus, hope ya see this! I shot off an email for you, and even BCC'ed you on it as proof haha. You should definitely bring this up on the main channel if possible, the might of internet peeps on there would flood their email inboxes. The big fans over here on your 2nd channel will probably be more polite, though, so I understand why this video is here. I really hope you're successful in fighting this.
City officials are corrupt. Home builder probably greased their pockets.
why's this not a main channel post?
Lawyer cleet coming out!
Emails sent! Keep racing alive brother!!!!!!
I think we'll need Whistlindiesels' help
I’d highly recommend looking into someone that’ll have a hand in writing your speech with you.
Do you have a Twitter so I can tag you in posts
The problem is all the greasy palms and fat pockets that have gotten it this far. The only way to beat it is to pay more than they do. I build homes for a living. This is how it works. Politicians are not going to save you. They are the ones pushing it for a quick payday. It's not their land. They don't care what happens. They just wanna get that money.  I wish you all the best and I will do my part. Bit it's a simple case of the "Golden Rule". He who has the gold, rules.
This happened in British Columbia too. They closed the track down. It's also in Alberta but with fsmrs. They build town homes next to farms and get them shut down.
Sell all the houses along the line and he builds them with Thrace view to sell to fans.
It will depend on how many of your council staff can be bribed by the developers. It's the U.S.A, so that means most of them.
Bummersaurus balls...
Emails sent! I hope everyone will speak up one way or another
@whistlindiesel
Done Emailed
What was that gremlin behind you?
Let go ppl cleetus  need us
Same thing happen to our track. Been there for decades with many family's still racing till it closed. Now my kids won't get to experience that. Keep fighting the good fight
Cleet can u make the description copy and paste able
Garrett, Cleetus or whatever you'd like to be called lol. Knowing you're from Omaha and I've lived here since 1989, you should know the racetrack Sunset Speedway known for its dirt track stock car racing where I used to race regularly. Sunset Speedway met it's end in the very same way they are trying to do to you now. They started building housing developments all around the track and the new home owners started complaining about the noise and finally in the end the track had to close down. The track is still there but it is overgrown with weeds and thefts of the signs and vandalism occurs all the time just like the dragstrip that closed in Scribner Nebraska many many years ago. Now the nearest tracks for stock car racing is in Greenwood Nebraska at the I-80 Speedway and Eagle Nebraska at Eagle Raceway. In Pacific Junction Iowa the have a road course and dragstrip where I do go to race my 67 RS Camaro. Hold your ground and keep a great thing going in The Freedom Factory. You definitely have my support along with so many other fans and racers that go there. I personally haven't been there, but I'd love to go sometime and see for myself how a fellow Omaha resident made good and very successful. I watch your videos all of the time and enjoy every one of them. I'd hate to see your track (the Freedom Factory) close because of a bunch of goody to shoes complaining about noise. Stand strong brother and hold your ground and keep a great thing alive. Another positive to your side of this issue is, look at all of the revenue you bring in from the fans and spectators that come to your events spending money there and boosts the economy there in your area. I'm wishing you the best and good luck bro. 👍
Email Sent, too many track have died this same way.
Email sent.
We need WhistlinDiesel to help out with this
I would have loud cars running 24 hours a day
The drag strip in Onandaga, Michigan has been having trouble because of this issue
Please post this to the main channel I'm from Ohio but if I was in Florida I'd come . Im sure with more expose lots of people would come
This is bs the race track was there long before anything else.  Fight this, this sort of thing happened at 2 tracks I raced at, houses where built next to the track then the home owners complained guess what happened both where closed.
Buy the land closest. Open up a donation account, And hopefully you and the dragrace track can buy some of the land
Well said cleet, you’ve done so much for your community in Florida and the car community as a whole. The amount of traffic that you bring through your hometown with your events doesn’t go unseen. You have the support that you need 💪🏻
I wish you the best, we lost our local track in 2004 that opened in 1964 for this reason. Homes were built next door, people whined, track owners eventually sold to a developer and now Karen's dog is taking a dump where turn 1 used to be. Truly unfortunate.
I emailed!!! I wish for the best result for bmp and freedom factory!!
Hope everyone remembers to protest while cocks out for Harambe! Gone but not forgotten, attack one dumb child, and suddenly your death warrant is signed! This is the same thing happening in this situation if not for being totally different!
if i was an American i would 100% help you need a judge that's got fuel in the vanes
Buy a Politician,  from what i see they are cheap in America, a couple $5000 checks and I bet this all goes away, you just need to get the money into the right pocket.
Maybe you can purchase a portion of the land in-between, plant some trees on it and donate it back as a "Park" (write off for tax season next year)..
Great idea brother.   I just hope the Karen's can keep quiet so you have a good day .. PEACE TO ALL AMERICANS
Revenue versus whatever you bring in
DO NOT LET THIS HAPPEN!!!! People WILL complain of the noise even though they absolutely know that there is a race track next door and it's going to be YOUR fault and force you to shut down. What the hell are they thinking?!? Earth is not big enough?
Need to bring up the fact that due to all the race tracks shutting down all over is causing  the sport to be taken to the streets.
Seven emails sent.....
County commissioners are crooks on the take, they don't give one @H!# about race tracks. They only care about the pay off money going into their own pockets. Had a similar situation in Black Forest, CO, where a rich, influential retired golfer got a 5,000 unit housing development (and golf course) approved by El Paso County (Colorado) Commissioners on agricultural land, with limited water resources. The rest of the area is zoned for 5 acre lot housing (RR5). The developer will drill a huge, deep well (several thousand feet deep) for the development which will probably make the surrounding (like a 5 mile radius) private wells go dry. Good luck Cleetus, I fear you will need it.
Do you have to live in Florida to do the email way ??
I don't know much about zoning laws or US laws. But it might benefit if you can get some sound readings from professionals in proposed residential area while the racetracks are in use.  I can't help locally because I live in Sweden and we have similar problems at our local track. They have a limit on the amount of competitions per year and it gets worse every year. Even though the track have been responsible for improving the surrounding infrastructure a lot.
move fast cause your problem is the developer ,   all on the developer
Emails sent!
Know it may not mean much but shared to my Facebook page
Two emails sent from Texas!
Sent an email  I cant be there
Contact the governor to help we need to call him non stop flood his phone
Let’s do this
What the heck.
If I could be there I would. But I am diffidently sending the e-mail. Fight the good fight!
See if your allowed to do a audio decible test and walk around on that land. Have some people at the drag strip and Freedom Factory rippin hard n loud, while you walk around until you can't hear it. Mark and map it all out, show that map maybe they will reconsider or build around the sound map.
Watching from very early on when you were playing with exhaust pipes.  This is the first funding page of which I would donate.  You're keeping dumbassesas well as legit racers off the road that want to "play"!  I've purchased almost all your PPV's (only PPV's I've ever purchased from anywhere) and await your videos when posted.
New homes being built has killed the Fayetteville NC track Fayetteville Motor Park Speedways so I hope they don't pass there bill
The Route 66 track in Joplin Missouri died because people complained.
Supported. We can at least send an email.
You need to start sending invitations to  Ron DeSantis  and make him a fan if He's  not already one.
If this was a responsible developer they would not even propose this building next to a race track.   I hope this plan is voted down.
Done and done. Sending support from North Georgia. Former home of Atlanta Dragway.
Sorry Garrett big money is going to run you over
Sounds like the land needs to be bought for some more race tracks
I agree with a wall not working I live about 6 miles from a racetrack with lots of hills trees and houses in between and you can still hear the cars
Should Forsure be uploaded on the main channel!
i live in canada and not sure exactly how much weight my email may or may not carry but email has been sent brother
I hate to tell you this but I've been to enough of these meetings to know how this ends.  The people doing the development have investors they answer to and they wouldn't have brought this up for a vote if they haven't already secured the vote.  Meaning they have donated to right campaigns and bought enough fund raising tickets from the right people to get what they want.  Everyone at the meeting knew days before they got there how they were voting.  They are just going through the motions now.  You need to come up with a plan B.  I know a guy who farms out in California.  About thirty years ago someone said they saw an endangered iguana on the land. The government stepped in and they haven't been able to farm about 100 acres of their land ever since.  Just saying.
Multiple tracks closed in socal based off this exact issue. They included walls and everything. It will close those tracks.
Dude I wish I could be there!
Get whistlen diesel involved he’ll get you a crowd out
Put this on the main channel you need the full power of subs. You gotta whistlen diesel this bad boy
Email sent brother. Ive been watching you since when you were with the 1320 crew. Racing saved me from the path that so many have gone down with these all of these youths being stuck on addictive substances. Gave me something to strive for, racing which is my passion as well as mechanics. I hope all of the great times you have shared with us fans can be repaid by our support to keep the freedom factory and Bradenton alive and thriving
Need whistlin to get out there and pull his peeps out for you. Just sayin.
Coming down from up north -  something to use my airline miles for.  See you then.
We’ve got you Cleet! Email sent!
Contact RON DESANTIS! Get him on it, he'll shut down the rich f's that just care to make a buck...
signing a form for a fence wont do anything. its likely already too late.
I got your back brother
Same bull shit is happeing to sacramento race way
Done,  good luck.
Saw BMP's post and emailed this morning!!!
Hate to say this but it's going to come down to money. If the county thinks they can get more tax dollars from developing the land into residential, then that's what they are going to do. Hope you can change their minds.
I will be emailing and calling from Michigan. Greedy developers have ruined way to many joys in life. Loud and fast cars are a American staple like Baseball and Apple Pie. Love your channel and all you do and I support you . Hell Yeah Brother !
This is one of those times we can put our numbers to work, I hope we can all make a difference. Cleetus, after this is over, perhaps you/we should look into trying to purchase that land or at least enough of it to prevent this from happening again. Perhaps M. Beast could help... 😉😉
Done !
If just half the channel subscribers sent an email, it would probably shut down their system! 😆
Screw em, keep racing with no exhaust
Sounds like you should watch "The Castle " for some pointers 😅
We had several tracks close down in Southern California.  El cajon speedway was a staple of the community and every Saturday night you could hear the amazing sounds of freedom.  After the owner had passed away due to unfortunate events , the track closed shortly after . Another track opened up on the reservation but it's a dirt track, still amazing races to watch. Hope you all the best and keep the tracks open , one day we are planning to visit there for an event. Maybe they can find a lizard or endangered species on the land and it will stop any building of structures.
Email Sent!!!  Best of Luck from NEPA!!!
It's always like this !! In Quebec they did that to all of our racetrack !! Even Tremblant who went up north in the wood to be alone.... and stupid people went to build next and they all crying now.
Hey Cleetus I just put down a deposit on a new home in Lakewood to see more racing.
email sent from weston county, wish I could attend but can't dodge work
All governments are corrupt
....Wakefield Park right now
Great speech!
If you plan to build ir buy a house next to  motorsports  facilities.  You shouldn't have zero say about the tracks or noise
the fence is a joke, would never work
County could tell the residents to deal with the noise if it's passed, Iowa speedway is very close to houses and apartments, and the residents just haft to deal w it.
Law school actually coming in handy here for ya
We can definitely get the attention of Governor DeSantis
Do I email all of them the same thing?
You dont want the develop next door ,,,,,,,,,
Can Mr. Beast still save us?
A good thing to add in your argument is the problem of street racing/takovers. If you remove racetracks, the racers have nowhere to go, so they go to the street. This then endangers many people and only makes these problems worse.
What sucks is even tho u explained everything  to them 50 odd yrs etc etc  dont mean squat to developers  its all about them getting money an ur track is in their way  they will literally go to amy cost to wipe u out an gain ur land  just watch how petty they get with  excuses  hope ya get  the outcome u want  respect bro from Australia
Cleetus you need to put the emails in the comments so we can copy and paste. I bet you a lot more people will email if you make it easier!
Cleeter crew…. unite! Time to fight for our freedom so those bald eagles keep screaming. Let’s goooooooo
I live in Michigan and have lost all interest in going to Disney, so if I plan on spending a few grand in Florida one stop my family will be making is the Freedom Factory.
Nascar is scared. Find out who is building and who is funding follow the money. Sounds shady to me!!!!
camping at the freedom factory for lodging?
Get a lawyer to try to stop it, and get a P.I. to find out who is taking bribes.
wish i could be there but i sent a friendly email to everyone lol
Bro, im from Bakersfield California. Home of street racing. All racing is extremely popular here. Our circle track was called Mesa Marin. It was extremely popular and a weekend fix for most people in my city. It was a family friendly fun event. They built homes a block away from the circle track and the track was shut down a couple years later because the idiots who bought houses near the race track complained about noise. Literally like 20 years later they built a replacement track outside of the city in another city and its no where near as popular.   I would honestly suggest you ask your youtube buddies for help and getting the word out (whistelydiesel). Dont let them shut down your business and livelihood.
I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048  I have been a long time fan of Bradenton Motorsports and The Freedom Factory. I agree that having people moving into the back yard of these tracks will lead to the tracks closing. And that will be a very sad moment for millions of people. Garrett Mitchell has millions of followers. And there are many several other people who have there life's invested into these tracks. Each of which touch hundreds of thousands or even millions of people. When planning the border and map of this application. Please help keep America strong by protecting these tracks. We all need a little joy in your life's. Please do not take that away from us. thank you
We had 1 close to me was a sand drag strip closed for this same reason it was sad
How to I email.????????
THIS IS HOW KCIR GOT SHUTDOWN!!! We had a drag strip here in Raytown, Missouri with no one around when it was built. People started to move nearby and complained about the noise that THEY MOVE IN TO. KCIR got shutdown due to 'noise complaints'. DO NOT LET THIS HAPPEN!!!!
I went through similar bs with my county with the allowing of big business to molest our land. Support and emails do help in this process, so dont be lazy people, show Cleet some love. Good luck.
I just sent an email.
If I didn't had an expired passport I'd be there, you'll see everything will be fine
Just a note, the county is supposed to grow the county. My county has no zoning so anything can be built anywhere regardless of structure. That being said, Do It For Dale! Let's give it hell!
Well, I don't know how relevant they will think it is from a Canadian, but I sent an email with some personal experiences of similar things that happened up here in Québec.
Get whistlin diesel to help you out
We here to flight along side you
This is what happened to US 30 Dragstrip in Indiana. When it started it was the middle of nowhere, but they started building houses nearby, people complained about the noise and US 30 closed.
Ive done my part! Hope this ends well!
They should never approve of these types of developments anyways. We lose tons of outdoor recreation to these types of developments every year. Next thing you know instead of going a few miles down the road to race, fish, hunt, shoot, ride bikes, you name it you'll be going hours and hours for any simple activity and the stress of that has a toll on society as a whole. These suburban sprawl developments are just an idiotic property tax ponzi scheme anyways.
There is a 0.0% chance this doesn't get rubber stamped all the way through. All over the country people are fighting to protect the land, but good luck convincing politicians they don't like property taxes. My advice is don't waste your time. Come back to this comment when it's over and let me know how it worked out.
Hell yeah brother. Let's build a 26 ft tall fence! Build the wall. Build the wall
Sent the emails to the commisioners all the way from nova scotia canada. Don't let them ruin our motorsport Park!
So I will say a local dirt track just reopened near me again in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania. Some of the homeowners have been complaining about dust and of course the loud noises naturally. So far it's pretty much be said that the homeowners knew the track was there and what would happen etc. But there for awhile it seemed like it was gonna get shut right back down. But like you said you guys moved the tracks away from town and housing for the community and now they are trying to move the community right next to the tracks... I mean 4500 people that love racing can move in then maybe it wouldn't be so bad but it'd have to be their forever home or you'll get that one person that doesn't like it etc. I'm all for helping go against it. We can't keep losing race tracks. And like you said Bradenton is one of the best, and the Freedom Factory has been proving its worth it to the town in the few short years it's been open.
Say no more, brother. I'm at a class for work rn or I'd be there. Emails on the way!
The only way this works is if 4500 people move into those houses who love racing and Car Culture!!! I'm down.
I just sent an email garret good luck to you.:)
Take every car you have and two step them outside of the building then talk to them while the cars are firing off outside. Let them see what those homeowners are in for during a race night, race day, an all day ALL WEEKEND event. I live but 25m from Jennerstown Speedway in Jennerstown Pennsylvania (if you know racing, you know the track). Those people tried and tried to get the track to close. It closed bc the owners were mentally checked out and gave up. A new person bought it, supposedly its a Nascar/former Nascar driver who bought it through a corporation and they race right up to curfew every weekend now. Good luck brother!!
Power through numbers at this point, time to show up people’s
This piss me off ! Exactly what happened to our local drag strip, paved dirt tracks or closed down..
My parents live 25 minutes away from BIR and you can hear the Funny cars when the NHRA comes in to town. Of course you're going to hear it just like you're in the stands.
People in person is extremely important!   I'm fighting something simular about 15 miles away in Manatee County near Parrish.  I emailed my concerns about that last month, but was "offically" told that while my comments are part of the minutes, the commisioners do not see it before or during the meeting because of some "law".  I'm currently out of State or I would be there with flags on for support.  Even knowing better; I emailed the commission earlier today about the race tracks and got this in response.. and I quote: When this matter comes back before the Board of County Commissioners (PDR 21-27 (Z)(G), PLN 2111-0047)  it will be as a quasi-judicial matter, Commissioners must refrain from discussing the project outside the public hearing setting and must refrain from otherwise prejudging the project.  Therefore; if you wish for your comments and opinions to be considered by the Board at that time, you will need to appear at the hearing in person to provide sworn testimony on February 2, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. or thereafter
Can someone please help me and copy and paste the description in comments so i can copy and paste into email
If they get rid of the race track I would never visit Bradenton Florida ever again
Done.
Sent, best of luck "fighting city hall."
Garret. Look up epping nh, New England dragway. They passed an ordinance for a no noise complaint. We have a few race tracks in town and they do not care about noise. It brings money and keeps it off the street.
You and victor should buy it from them!! 😉
With the amount of content creators that are around this channel and the amount of buzz that can get created there should be NO WAY we could fail at shoving these plans right up their ass!!!
liberals invading everywhere
Emails have been sent.
I've been through this before in Southern California... long existing race tracks in the rural area that slowly get encroached on by developers over decades and decades, and then eventually angry new homeowners start complaining about "noise" (as if somehow they are shocked that there is noise in their new home because they built it next to a racetrack), and homeowners band together and eventually get the ear of politicians who then eventually start making ordinances to run racetrack operators out of business because politicians will always favor homeowners, always.   You have to stop this before it starts as best you can, I'm writing my email right now, everyone needs to step up and do the same, flood these inboxes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ron Desantis wants free public support reach out to him immediately you’ve got a massive audience in Florida and in the US
somebody spent 500 million dollars buying that property.. 4500 homes? in florida? thats a billion dollars. they are all going to sink into a swamp and be a trainwreck to own. but they will still sell for 300K plus each. I wish you luck man.
Good Luck Cleetus and Friends.  This reminds me of the people that move next to a pig farm, complain about the smell, and get the farm shut down.
Dang, this sucks.  These boards and commissioners don't see the right and wrong, they see the money.  What's going to make them more money.  We'll all fight with you!
I hope they don't approve this application.  I will send them a note about how I feel.  However, if they do approve this, and the developer starts to build houses near your race track property.....  you and Victor need to build your own billboards on each of your race track properties near the main road that warn any potential home buys that they are shopping for houses near the location of loud race tracks that operate on a regular basis..... essentially warning potential buyers about the sound issue in and around the local area.  Make these billboards large with easy to read big bold lettering.  A few sheets of plywood, a few 4x4 wood posts, and a few gallons of paint and you can have yourself a very effective warning device to potential new home owners.  You can also then claim in any future court proceedings  that they were officially warned about the noise before they purchased a house in the area yet they chose to buy anyway.  If I owned the FF or BMP I would be assembling these billboards on my property immediately. (I'm not a lawyer so don't take this as official legal advise)
Can I appose from Canada?
If im out of state, is it worth me emailing?
I wish I could be there. I want to move to Bradenton just for bmp. They have the nest events in the country
@cleetus2 McFarland That area is flood area , tell do not let them build where the water is bad in floods ! Waste for all
Get this on every channel / social media outlet you can! Get every friend with channels that you know to also post this video and make it go viral!
Same thing happened to Joplin 66 Speedway (dirt track) in Joplin, MO. Watched so many races there with my grandparents. Today it’s just an overgrown parcel of land with dilapidated buildings. Not being used for anything. Very sad.
I wonder if you could buy like a 50 ft strip of that land along the track and plant a bunch of tall trees there to block the sound and create a little more distance from the homes?
Sounds like a job to get whistlindiesel help with. Whoop they azz
Sue them for attacking your business. Need other businesses around you, part stores even... Sending love and support!
I'm in California, but you'll be damn sure I will send as many emails to these short sighted morons that run the city and county legislature. I hwatched Baylands Raceway and many Los Angeles tracks fall by the wayside over the past several decades, causing a massive spike in idiots street racing and the proverbial morons doing "side shows" on bridges and high traffic cities. I will include several cost/tax benefit analysis' that will prove that the county collects WAAAAAY more in "free tax revenue" from those out of town racers and fans than any property taxes from that development ever will. Hopefully Garrets team he mentioned at the end will be doing this as well. Good Luck Brutha!
done!
How sad. I hope you get to keep it. I can't believe they would do this
Email sent, let's hope they make the right decision. Good luck brother
Thanks for letting dr broke leg drift and the cannabis community
These fucks don’t care, all they want to do is make money.
I am born and raised in Long Island New York. My dad tells me stories of how we used to have three drag strips on the island wile he was growing up.   By the time I got in to cars I was able to watch the last dragstrip on Long Island close permanently.  So hearing the story from Clet truly breaks my heart
Done!
They're like cockroaches once they move in you can't get rid of them. They will take over and prevail. Watched it happen to Englishtown New Jersey it took a bunch of years but just like you described that's the exact story they come they complain they get rid of you
People are dopes. It’s like where I live.  People buy a house by a farm then complain about the manure smell.  Then just show them a photo of an endangered frog you photoed on the property.
Dag gone people!!
That girl was giving you the stink eye for calling her dumb a$$ out. If homes come you WILL end up being forced out. Mt local track was closed for just this reason.
There was an outdoor gun range near where I live. It had been there since the 60s. 100s of homes were built nearby only to later complain about the noise and eventually shut down the range. I feel if you are dumb enough to buy a place right next to a preexisting noise maker you should have to live with it. Unfortunately how I feel isn't how things actually work in the real world. Best of luck to you and Victor!
Development Co will make it happen. Too much money involved. You may get steamrolled. I'm so sorry.
also, if you think about maybe purchasing the land yourself, or through a corp, i can help with creative financing, and construction.
I did my duty and sent the emails...good luck
Already called in at work brother
Both of my childhood race tracks were closed down because of urban sprawl, what you've done with the Freedom Factory & the drag strip is incredible, good luck, Rj in Oz
Wishing you all the best but there are going to be some officials getting backhanders to make it happen. Good luck dude...
You have to! Have to!  Blow this story up!   Twitter, Youtube and friends!     Get this story out fast and as loud as possible!
Done!   Good Luck Cleeter!
Never been to Bradenton Fl have been twice now to go to a cleetus event. He’s right this racetrack brings business.
I can see this going badly in a few different ways with a bunch of people, GL Cleet !!  Positive influence and keeping calm being the best bet IMO
Money grubbing develop companies..
Don't know if it helps sending email in from Canada, but I have sent the email.  Hoping for the best.
Canadain viewer here I wish I could help but can’t fingers crossed for you guys
Let’s all buy the land  lol
Sent. Thanks Cleet for the years of entertainment. It helps. Got the Cancer and watching your shows fills me with hope. Thank You to you and your staff.
Email sent good luck :)
Wondering who paid them to start impeding on you.
Anyone who thinks this is no big deal is deluding themselves this is 100% life or death for our racetracks this goes for tracks all over the world if we don't protect the ones we have left we will have none .
Thats kinda how they pushed out Detroit dragway here in michigan
I actually thought this was only a UK/small country issue we have music venues and race tracks, kart tracks, motorcross tracks exc closing down becouse of devolpment, there should be laws where if something is allready in place like a track that when new devolopment is done they cant complain protecting our hobbies and lifestyle.
Buy the land!
sent my email good luck keep up the good fight
I live in NW Bradenton and im so god damn tired of all this building that's been happing in Manatee county it NEEDS TO STOP NOW! we are full. there not going to take our race tracks. WHERE NOT GOING TO TAKE THIS ANYMORE.
A lot of those people don’t understand what they’re moving into, a lot of them from out of state not doing research also before they buy. I live 20 or so miles from Gainesville dragway and every year when gator nationals is there, you can hear it that far away to an extent. Imagine that being on top of you, but it makes me wonder how much land do they own around the track? Or is the NHRA tracks grandfathered in so they don’t mess with them? I support y’all 100% and I hate so may trucks have been lost to this
Email sent.
This is a actually kinda gross to see. Housing is needed in Florida it is one of the fastest growing states and you want to stop it because it *might* threaten your track.
Sent an email over!  i hope they see the value of these tracks.  The local economy must benefit from them, show the county that!
My gosh I would love to help I will email them for sure
You’ve got to put this on the main channel
We got you Cleet
This very issue has been effecting my home track for the last 2 years.
just buy the land
I live in Manatee County and I for sure would not want to see this subdivision/neighborhood be built.
Tell them if they take the track away they going to the streets
Can the racetracks be declared historical landmarks? That's been a good angle in several situations I've heard of with other types of buildings and uses. You mentioned their history though they may not be old enough
unfortunately the developers have deep ass pockets and they could care less about a racetrack. that development will go in one way or another
You guys should buy it all open your own sub division. Car people only lol hell yea brother
Let's get this done boys. I'm hoping thousands show up. I wonder if it's Blackrock? Lil
So sad
You could always do what Danny Duncan did in Englewood Florida and buy all the property that they wanna build houses on
Examples need to be shown to them of failures. As well as proof that people coming to the tracks for events overpowers the the profit they would make from people living there.
Sorry to hear this is happening. I sent an email to all the people listed. Hope this helps.
We can all do this
I used to live near Lime Rock Park in Connecticut and the residences nearby were constantly fighting to shut the track down. First it was week days, then it was Saturdays, then it was Sundays. Now I live near FF and I'm seeing the same thing happen all over. I'll do my part and send my email.
Brother if I had the money I'd buy that 2700 acres of land myself and be your neighbor and instead of housing we could turn it into an off road park or dirt track!!! I'm very passionate about what you do and swear to you if I ever win the lottery I'll buy all the land around your track and forever protect it against housing development or anything that would negatively affect the freedom factory!!!! Sincere respect brother
Done and done for the fam
Done
Email sent!
Bring up that if you loose your race track you’ll take the show to the streets of Florida, and see how fast the put the brakes on. I’m sure they don’t want racing on the streets and wrecks. This is a no brainer
From the burnout pad to the top of the retaining wall is probably over 25’. This bums me out. Hope this gets rejected.
I will be there. I'm on vacation in St Pete. Anything to help you out.
same thing is happening here in phoenix. they will be closing wild horse pass soon
Garrett, I wanna help, but, I live in Scotland. Will my email be disregarded for not being a US Citizen?
*This should be uploaded to the main channel... it is important enough to do so*
Email sent brother! Now to spread the word!
I just emailed everyone on that list. I hope it helps Garrett. You have done so much to bring that track back to glory and I'd hate to see the FF or the drag strip go away because of housing. Good luck. Love the Porsche btw!
Email sent!!
crowd fund and buy the land?
If somebody moves into an area close to a racetrack, that's their choice but I do agree they should be informed of it upon purchase.
Cleet! Please post this video on your main channel. So many more eyes will see it vs being posted here. I’ve sent in my email, praying that everything goes well.
Cleet! Please post this video on your main channel. So many more eyes will see it vs being posted here. I’ve sent in my email, praying that everything goes well.
Buy the land
This needs to be a main channel video!! Get the word out…..
i would also suggest starting up some twitter, fbook groups with name i oppose ------    as additional cards in your deck when go before the county.  also, maybe a general consensus as to what the average race spends in town there, fuel, lodging, food, etc. so you can attach a general dollar amount to the revenue the tracks bring in, locally. can't be there in person, but i'll help, digitally if ya need me brother!
That law school is finally gonna pay off unfortunately. Good luck cleet.
So good to see Garret in "hearing environment" with a lawyer hat on....but still wearing the Cleetus uniform! ;)  Good luck from Australia, we're all hoping you succeed in swaying the powers that be and receive a favourable outcome.
As a gearhead from the PNW that now lives in SW FL, I can tell you, this might not go well.  They are looking at tax dollars.  I ran at Pacific Raceways for years.  At first it was great...then they built million dollar houses outside the track.  They KNEW what they were moving into and then they complained about noise.  I was told my Boom Tube was to loud.  Then all the noise restrictions came in.  If I can find a way, I'll be at the next meeting.  I can speak to what happens with racetracks and how they get destroyed.....then the only place people have to go is the streets.
This is bull crap , they could build anywhere.  They want to build right up to your track, then complain about the noise and try to shut you down . You need racers on the city council.
Sent them an email. Sad to see this happening. People do the same thing around airports. Seen many small airports fight for their lives because of a zoning change and all of a sudden it's annoying to hear airplanes when they built or bought a house next to an airport. Best of luck Garrett.
You got this I hate to hear this is happening you have the best track known to man best wishes to you and remember you have the power of the people
i think they already know what"s gonna happen... what a shame
You need to put this on main channel
We gotta fight, for our right, to race brothers. fight it like your lives depend on it, i’ll be sending out an email here in a bit and i urge you guys to do the same!!
Just like airports, people don't understand how loud it can be at an airport and they complain even though the airport has been there forever.   I also think that FL needs to calm down on the huge communities. There is going to be no land left in the next 50 years.
This is complete bullshit, people that have worked their ass off to make these race tracks, people that have work their ass off to come to these race tracks and enjoy the events are now more than likely going to lose their privileges, time to take a stand
Emailed!!!
Get Desantis involved
Sadly this home project was probably in the works when clete bought the track and wasn’t told that it wouldn’t last when the housing project would come
Many of race tracks have been closed because of residential developments.  7 Flags Speedway in Douglasville, Ga just to name one.
What you said is going to happen is what is going to happen, unfortunately. They're going to approve it because it means more tax money for the town, and that's what politicians care about, and then the people that move in are going to complain endlessly about the noise from the tracks. It doesn't matter how logical your argument is, they're going to go with what brings them money. Same thing has happened all across the country with tracks being shut down, even a place as historic as Laguna Seca. Obviously Laguna Seca hasn't shut down, but the noise limits are ridiculous and seriously hamper what happens there. I think you should put this up on the main channel because if you have any hope of stopping it, it's going to require every follower you have.
Buy the land & build another track 😁
Already sent them a note!
I Oppose Application sent. Good luck Brother ! Love your channel and all that you are doing for the racing community !
Call uncle Chet and borrow some money or start a go fund me and just buy that land from the developer
Oh boy, more fun stuff being killed cause some real estate fuckers wanna make a buck off some boring copy-cat homes.
That sucks man. You should talk to anyone with money (real money) otherwise you will never stop it and within 5 years of completion you guys will be shut down. I have seen it many times and it sucks!!!
This happened to my local track here on Vancouver island. I hope this gets shuts down for dale
Wish I had the cash to fly down from MN and show support.
I hope they don't approve this. I hope you can fight this
They will try to shut those tracks down like they did Hollywood sportatorium Speedway and Broward County they knew it was there when they moved in and they complained all the time until they closeted them down  racing back onto the streets
Gather all the support of all the racers and companies you know and crowd fund buying all that land lol
Done and sent my friend. Good luck with the battle
Good luck buddy 👍
Fight the power Cleet. Positive vibes from New Zealand.
damn, this pisses me off. what gives those bastards the right, land stealing mf.
Note the amount of added population is a further strain on the current resources too. SCHOOLS, FIRE STATIONS etc: make sure you note the amount of added pollution for the development. Yeah, more homes, more real estate taxes but with the planning of both North and south University on Lorraine and the ones down Verna/SR70 going to the Verna Well fields, 35-50,000+ homes. Schools, traffic, everything from the additional homes with nothing out there.
1). Garrett the argument can be made the Revenue stream the Tracks are bringing into the State is incredible and that needs to be figured out! And just how much money they generate for the County and State of Florida.  2). Why are they destroying all of this Agricultural land for houses? Find out the reasons, which we realize primarily the money. But find other land that maybe more reasonable to us as an example for them to build these homes not so close to the tracks. In addition I would Call your Gov. Ron DeSantis to see if they can stop the process. 3). Also you may won't to consider who is going to benefit from this deal are the County Commissioners being paid off for example???. After all we are getting screwed by the Democratic Regime.  4). You could start a Petition "Save our Race Tracks" and flood the County! Run an Ad in your local News papers Head over to the Hottest Radio Station and state your concerns.... Get the word out you need a PR strategy! Not only for the Tracks futures but more importantly for our Nation. With all the Civil unrest it is our Past Times of entertainment that will allow us to survive! And they are in Government destroying that! Gov. Ron D. Put Disney on Notice! Get  Gov. Reps. Involved! One other positive note too you the primary reason your become so much more popular is that your a grassroots everyday guy who has understood the possibility to making something great once again. Giving y everyday people whom you allow to participate in your events is monumental! And is critical to the longevity and success of your tracks! So let Freedom Ring let our voices be heard! Stand up my Brothers and Sister's! Hope this helps Brother let's go!!!!
Can’t make it emails sent to all
@cleetusmcfarland see if u can get the tracks on to the national historic registry and that might provide u some protection, idahos local drag strip Forebird Raceway is…
woah, that is a bad idea, they need to leave some space around the track for noise, best of luck guys.
Email sent; let’s save these amazing racetracks!! 🇺🇸🤘🏼
Florida is already being over developed and destroying Farm land in the process what happens to Florida farming
Emails sent, Wish I could come in person brother im in orlando and run a small business and cant close up the shop.
Garrett, thanks for putting all of the information on here so we can help out. I live all the way up in Northern Minnesota, so I won't be able to attend the meeting but I wanted to find a way to help out!
START A PETITION!!
They did the same thing here in Sacramento California, Sacramento Raceway. They moved it well out of town right next to an airport and now they've built a huge housing track right next to the airport and the racetrack. I can't imagine you can complain about airplanes easier than complaining about loud noise from a race track.
We lost the local racetrack here in Schererville, Indiana, Iliana Motor Speedway to the building of housing built around the track, you have to fight the money hungry developers
I agree with the main channel inclusion comments. Reach out to your supporters. I do have a question though....This seems very rushed through. Were you just informed of the proposal recently?
Idiots. Time to lawyer up.
Can I send the emails even if I live in Puerto Rico?
On my way. driving down tomorrow night, see you Thursday morning.
I’m not gonna lie you should probably post this on the main channel, get more awareness out.  Something like this is very serious. Like you stated in the video. The freedom factory and Bradenton probably have a big influence in the revenue in your town when they have events.
Just lost my hometown track Western Speedway for this exact reason, tons of houses built all around the track when before that it was out of the way. Very saddening to a lot of us here. I really hope you can fight this and keep the FF and the drag strip safe from noise complaints.
Shared with all my gear head friends. Emailed with name and address to each of the Manage County members you provided. I hope you survive this brother. The face of the lady (forgive me if I misgendered IT) sitting behind you says it all: Karens do not approve of our fun.
Developers shouldn't develop where there could exist a problem with noise. Like building a neighborhood next to an airport...common sense should over-rule greedy land developers. The racetracks will bring  more $$$ into the economy than a single neighborhood would do. Especially if the NHRA ever made Bradenton the spring training/testing facility.
You really should update on the main channel as well.
Buy it and expand your horizons
If only you could buy them out. Problem solved.
The tracks have already been greased. That deal is 100% going to go thru.
emails sent keep up the awesome work!
Brother i Love you & the guys, however in this instance, deals have already been made. Hands have already been greased.  You guys are now the Goonies. Get Mouth, Bran, Chunk, & Sloth together and fight like hell. I’m with you fellers!
Well unfortunately you have no power. the builders have already lined officials pocket.  you gonna have to learn to line pockets
Garrett, this really isn't a dig at you: I would suggest putting on some business casual clothes; slacks or khakis, blazer, with an FF t-shirt underneath to represent the business for this sort of thing. You're there in a professional capacity, not as the youtube character of Cleetus McFarland.  Represent yourself as a business owner who has a number of employees whose jobs might be affected by this, and look the part for it, imo. Like yeah it absolutely sucks that it actually matters but it does actually matter especially for the sort of people who are likely to be watching this stuff but don't know who you are.
Brother, wear a suit! Damn, I love you and your channel but your future is on the line and you're rolling in wearing teeshirt and ball cap?
Same thing they are doing to Sacramento raceway in Sacramento, California. They're building houses around the track and they're complaining about the noise now. The county of Sacramento wants to force the track out to build mixed housing with warehouses. Forcing us to leave the area to drive four plus hours to get to the nearest track if we lose Sacramento raceway. Sacramento raceway has been there since 1964. Sacramento, county put so many restrictions and fines on the track. They may go out of business.
This same thing happened here in NJ to atco race way and the builder told the people buying the houses that track closed at 7 to 8 wich was a lie so they started complaining and the track has had problems since and always is close to shutting down and I can herer the track 30 minutes drive away with a forest covering half the distance so a wall won’t do anything
Looks like we are ALL gonna have to accompany cleet to the board meeting next month! Edit:(NEXT WEEK!)
Gee, take your $150,000,000 buyout for the track and your $75,000,000 for the shop. Anything less and they can choke on it..
Bring monster max 💪 and the whole whistin crowd
Stick it to 'em, buy the 2700 acres. Make a freedom compound.
I would send an email but as a Canadian that's not happening. Supporting you guys in spirit though.
They did this in Jacksonville and Callahan. It's bullshit and we need these tracks to keep idiots from takeovers.
Stop building homes next to race tracks! Or if they do, an unchangeable, inalienable ordinance must be signed to never complain about noise if someone chooses to build and move into one of those homes
Good job dude. It’s gonna be a long fight! Have you seen Yellowstone?
Could you potentially propose they put up a sound barrier wall like they do for the highways? Also, people wont buy houses if theres nothign to do in the area.
Wish i could help
We call this the whistlingdiesel method!  I would love to be there but I'm certain the support will be overwhelming
I grew up in Southern CA and watched this happen over and over again - Lyons, OCIR, Riverside, Saugus... SMH. Sadly the racetracks always lose because the housing developments jack up the tax receipts and the $ always wins.
Dude they have way to much money… shit man.
Just get DeSantis to go to the tracks and convince him to tell them to pound sand 😂
If this proposed development is allowed to move forward, it will undoubtedly be the death sentence for the track. History has proven so. I sincerely hope this gets stopped dead in it's tracks!
Sent!
Fight like you have never fought before! I love the race complex! One of the best times of my life was at one of your events!
Wild. Look at richmond international raceway and Virginia motosports Park. See how close those tracks are from homes and no fencing or anything. Hopefully you have a big presence get this unapproved.
WE DONT NEED MORE HOMES IN FLORIDA WE NEED TO REDEVELOP WHAT WE ALREADY HAVE
That sucks so bad man. That really sucks
Why not reach more people on the main channel?
That is exactly how KCIR died back in the early 2000's
We got your back Garrett!
I disliked the look on that lady’s face the entire time.
Can Canadians have a vote in this as I like watching all freedom factory races
Buy the property
Oh holly hell, we just went through something Similar up here in Northern Va... developers SUCK.
Sent.
RIP Their Mailbox!!! Let's do this! We lost the Historical Western Speedway in Victoria, BC, Canada after it's conception in 1954!!!! It just closed this last year for the very reason Garrett is seeing. I emailed them!!! Write them!! Everyone chip in!
Move to Utah? About the last place you can find a place nobody wants for 10-15 years.
i just suddenly remembered i have 2500 manatee county address and names and email address.
The homes are backed by big money, and big money greases the wheels. It's an uphill fight you're going to have brother.
this is the exact same position nashville fairgrounds speedway is in.  people who moved in and knew they were moving in next to a race track are complaining.  it is so BS that homeowners are allowed to do this when the race track was there first
FREEDOM LAND!
FOR GODS SAKE SHOW THIS ON THE MAIN CHANNEL HELL SHOW IT ON EVERYTHING YOU CAN💯💯💯
Can't make it but I emailed everyone that was listed. We cannot have these homes built. This is getting out of hand. Florida is getting too packed.
your exactly right cleeter.. I hope you are able to save the tracks. we had our only drag strip in Utah close up and turned into commercial business. the city, county and state will do whatever they want no matter what the citizens say, all they want is development.
Sue the county, sue them for the amount of money to relocate both tracks with some kind of clause that makes county/state pay if this ever happens again. It won't happen, but it may make them see the gravity of the shituation! Maybe could make the county do Right by the tracks! Just my .02.....
You got this cleet
Oh shit Cletus pulling a whistlingdiesel
I absolutely support your opposition, but being in Australia, I doubt my vote'd be counted :/
Emailed 👍. Good luck brother
This is really unfortunate. I’m hoping for the best.
Sounds like to me some pockets are being padded! Sad to see another corrupt county
Email sent, hope it helps!
Go back a few years ago, the last time this was brought up, the  Bradenton drag way owner didn’t even show up.  So they moved forward.
Put it on the main channel!!! It is worth it!
Very well spoken,Garrett …… I hope there is a compromise….
Racetracks and dragstrips also provide a safe place to do this and lowers street racing to an extent
Praying that you don’t have to shut down your tracks and I agree that this is not good, I’ve seen other tracks close just because of the same thing . Praying brother !!!!!
We're having similar problems with out of control building in Osceola County. It's gotten to the point we don't even have enough roads to serve the county residents, and when you bring this up with the county commission they are helpless to stop the builders with all their friends in Tallahassee.
I couldn't even image if my local track (Oxford Plains Speedway) closed. even though I don't go a lot I have a lot of memories there from when I was a cub scout (we were able to get tickets for the hole pack for some reason I don't remember).
Garrett try and talk to Governor DeSantis he is definitely the best governor in the country. I think if you were able to tlk to him and offer him to come to the the Freedom Factory and shlw him around maybe put him in Neighbor and go for a ride around the track and then take him next door and take him on a tour over there and maybe down the strip in like Ruby. I bet that would convince him to nelp you keep the track safe and shut this development down. We cant keep loosing race tracks, soon well have none and ojr sport will die there alre a dy trying to take our cars away and going to all electric bull crap and loom  what they did with diesels
These law makes should be able to make a revision that if the builder wants to buy the land and build houses for car loving people and don’t mind the noise put that in the CCR,s
Emailed them all, stated my opposition based on inadequate sound abatement & impact on local ecosystem. The most effective way for you to fight this development is to forge an alliance with local, regional, and national environmental activists. Please take the time to consider that as a strategic move.
You can’t tell me you spent all this money and didn’t see this coming. Come on now.
unfortunately ive seen this happen in person. im going to say (and i apologize for saying it) i dont think you are going to win this argument. they are going to look at all the money that these 4500+ homes are going to make them over the next few LIFE TIMES versus what the race track will make in the same time. 4500+ homes at lets say $2000 a month is an estimated income for the county of 9 MILLION dollars. Does the race grounds net that much a month? unfortunately it does not. all though the race track has been there for 50+ years there is nothing that you can do to stop the council folk from building this much income. the only course of action that i can see to STOP this could be risky and expensive, but you would have to BUY all the land that they are wanting to build on that way they CANNOT build on it. im all for blocking the Urban Spread that you spoke of in the video but there just isnt anything you can actually do unfortunately.
All i can say is money talks and the county will get more tax money from these new homes so good luck stopping them. Probably not gonna happen.
Email sent! I hope it helps
Email sent! I wish I knew about this a few days ago, I would have made sure to take off work to drive down! I wish you best of luck for the future of the Freedom Factory!
You should be able to sue the developer for lost revenue when you are forced to shut down
emailed the freedom 🦅
I got you !!! email sent!!! good luck Brother!!
Sending emails now.
Emails have been sent. Best of luck Sir.
or buy more land...or buy all the houses nearby for fans of race tracks
I will be there for you brother
Lets get 4500 people to buy the homes or start buying up the lots prior to the development.
And that's why many tracks here in CA shut down.  Developers come in and build new homes knowing there's a racetrack/drag strip.  People complain and the track eventually shuts down.  Fontana dragstrip no longer open because even with a 25ft sound barrier wall, it was still too loud.
If they win, you must join them and build a wonderland!  Your property worth millions if developed! You won't loose everything!  Just a mother phucking DECOY!
There goes the neighborhood.... I wish you the best bro. Fucking bullshit 😡
Email sent!
Not even Trump's 50' metal wall will quiet what you guys has made for all racers in and out of town. Let people make homes in other areas and stay away from the FF! THERE'S PLENTY OF PLACES FOR HOUSE PROJECTS, JUST STAY AWAY FROM THE TRACK AREA AND YOU'LL BE FINE!!
Idk bud but it's all about money 4500 homes brings in way more tax revenue than 2 race tracks this is looking very very bad but I'm rooting for you!!
The local racetrack in town died the same way. Now we have nothing.
Done deal. But my message to Jeorge Kruse was blocked for some reason. I can send you the email that I received if you would like.
A suggestion, although a long shot: buy the land and develop it to small/mid size industry, hotels, anything but residential area. I doubt they will sell it as farm land anymore, but if they can make a small profit, it would make them more money than years of legal battle, and eventually lower selling price due to the proximity of the race track etc. If SickWeek had a bunch of machine shops within walking distance, or Bradenton in general, everybody would win.
Hope you have a great lawyer set up or they walk all over you. Both tracks attract a lot of visitors which is great for the town and local businesses. But yearly taxes on 4500 homes great for the city but not the town. A lawyer can get farther with city council members then common citizens. Freedom Factory Forever!!! Best of luck.
What about starting a petition of some sort showing support for the racing community...?
I would also argue that the tracks keep people from racing their 1000hp cars off the streets.   The cops , games, movies , politicians etc all say keep racing off the streets and on the track, then take away the track.   May as well be entrapment.
Email sent. Best of luck to you guys
See you Thursday at 9am   Do it for Dale
I got you Brother. Email sent! Prayers for all those involved!
Contact governor Ron desantis. This can easily be chocked up to one of the many ways the EPA is trying to shut down oil and gas, as well as car culture, and all of the millions of jobs here in the USA that are accompanied with cars. Sounds like this would be right up his alley and score a major grass roots political win for the people of Florida and this country. It would also help set a blue print for other states on how to preserve American culture, and jobs in their states.
don't let them do this to you bubba. these mother fuckers move into an area knowing there is a race track near, and then proceed to complain to the city about noise until they close down. texas barely has any tracks left because of these fucking people.
Done email sent. Good luck and keep up the good work.
If they need a wall...they can pay for it. If they want houses next to a racetrack the county needs to make it clear...racetrack will not be responsible in anyway for disgruntled homeowners complaints. Any burdens fall solely on the developers be it short or long term by building there knowingly that the racetrack was there.
This shows you how dumb these people are trying to build this close to race track
PUT THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL
Can’t we all collectively just buy all the houses that will go up for sale? Freedom village
They've been trying their damnedest to just build on every square inch they can. Been having similar issues here near Bandimere, all the airports local to me (KBJC, KDEN, KLMO, etc), and even in our small local Olde Towns to get more and more people and developers in. Honestly, pretty sure many of the developers are in the pockets of city council members. I have also done my part and sent in an email, as I am unable to make the flight down to Bradenton (dog vet visits and several flight students I am teaching that day). Sending support from Arvada, CO!
…the county will make more money from water sewer and utility connections and building permits than any taxes you’ll ever pay….what do you think they’re going to do?….
Long Island guy that loves your vids here. Just shot an email over to the above people.
Fight this! You can do this! We are in the same fight here in Petaluma, they want to shut it down when I’ve grown up with it and it’s been there for 70 years now. It’s a part of the community and you can’t just remove such a large part of the community. It’s a huge problem in all of the country but especially where I’m at in California
Wishing you all the support.  Just wondering if those emails are for USA residents or can Australian's  support as well.  We have the same problems here in Australia and are loosing too many of our historic tracks. Any support that I can give you,  I'm sure would be reciprocated tenfold. Regards Emily
I have a solution, we need 4000 car guys to buy the homes.
Pray for some bald eagles to fly by.   One spotted, 50 mile radius can't build... Check local codes for exact rules.   But ya it kills the housing going up.
Good luck
Comment for algorithm
My email is sent, If i was even in the state, i would be there. Digital support from Pennsylvania. Great job with the speech by the way!
our local track Moroso is trying to get rezoned and demolished for an amazon warehouse...got postponed hopefully someone buys it
These are the same type of people that build housing tracks next to airports that have been there for years. Then they start complaining about the noise. I oppose any development next to existing racetracks and airports!
You and Victor need to buy the 2700ac. You know the outcome if y'all don't.
Email sent … best of luck
Just buy the land duh
If someone is dumb enough to move next to a race track but doesn’t want to hear race cars they should have to live with it. It was there first and was moved there to be away from people in the first place. I swear as amazing as our country is the people who run it are complete piles of crap.
3 homes per acre? That's crazy
Because of what happened here in Fontana California they had a drag strip and Nascar 2 mile track. They used to have 2 races a year and weekly scca racing. They built homes north of the track. Then they started complaining about the noise. They spent 3 million dollars building a sound wall and they still complained. Now the drag strip is closed the Nascar track is limited to 1 race per year the Indy cars don't go there anymore. And they don't allow scca racing or go cart racing. And roomers are going around they may close the track completely and build industrial buildings. This is BS that they are trying to get rid of race tracks all around the country just to build more homes then complain about street racing and people getting killed.
See if you can get the meeting minutes from original vote in 1950’s to move the track.
can i oppose if i`m Norwegian ? ?
Can't we just buy the land? I don't have much money, but if we all chip in.  All the YouTube automotive channels should know this.    Pomona Drag strip had street legal,but they were shut down for noise complaints.     Luckily they still have NHRA top fuel.  Built in 1951, NHRA birthplace ,so I don't see them closing it out.  Fontana drag way is closed permanently.
Email sent.
I live in rapid city sd and live right next to a dirt race track. Literally 100 ft away. Their fence is my fence. Well it's a 15 ft tall wood wall fence with the sponsors on it. It doesn't bother me. Lot rent is hella cheap cause of it. Edited. The only down side is the layer of dirt/dust on my car every Saturday morning.
I can’t make it but those guys will get an email
DONE
I live in Prosser Washington and Me opongo 💯
Liking and Commenting for the algorithm. I would hope they consider the affects of closing these Iconic tracks. These tracks have supported good, clean, family oriented, safe racing. If these tracks dye or are restricted, the racers may move to illegal and destructive events as scene in California. Also, can we buy land next to the track? I'd buy extra merch or subscriptions to support the purchase of a "buffer" tact of land.
You are completely right about this! A track use to use was ENGLISHTOWN in new jersey had this exact thing happen and they had to shutdown! Which was totally BS but complaining people won out! Please everyone 🙏 fallow this and help out!
email sent
Emails sent brother!!! Paul from CO...
You have my support! You're right about things that are noisy, open concert venues included, have been forced to move, just for more houses to be built closer and closer. Then the complaints start and you either pick up and move, or go out of business. Please fight the fight and make them build elsewhere.  Protect your business and family, and protect the freedom factory for us to enjoy.
Typical greedy council bureaucrats on the take  what you need to look for is monetary connections between the developers council !! As a Cleeter crew member I’m saddened but not suprised by such developments
Let the freedom scream!!! You are on private property and past city limits. So city ordinances do not apply. Let the bald eagles scream and when the cops come then they can either join the fun or go away.
Email sent let’s go !
Put a billboard up that's over the fence saying they're next to the track
Took a screen shot and then cut and past into an email. Took less than 5 minutes to support FF. 🇺🇸
This is the sad reality of modern society. The more race tracks shut down, the more street racing, take overs, and the worse the car community gets.
Un éternelle combat
sent
Dude that's not good I really hope you don't have to deal with the houses because you are right the tracks will die good luck from north west Pennsylvania
Just get a couple of race cars and bring them to the houses of these people who are judging over this... let them hear what those new house owners will hear.
Please everyone email those emails and put all your information in an email and help save the track and cleet! POST THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL PLS
All the Yt Chanel’s that have collaborated with cleet need to call on their audience. This is far to big to ignore
i lived across from a fire station,  moved in voluntarily , did not ask for the fire station to be removed..
Done.
Email sent! We love you guy's and are very proud of all the Team!!!
How much will the houses be? I’ll buy one closest to the track.
Dam man I wish I could be there. They can't take the freedom factory an the drag strip. I haven't made it there yet. 2023 is my year
Buy that land!!!!
That place is going to be packed in favor of Cleetus.
Not sure your going to see or read this comment. Use Pomona raceway as an example
Create us East stands your guns you're doing a good job
Mars warming
25 foot fence   who's deadbrain idea was that?.. I grow up 15 miles from a modified  stock car track and every Saturday nite we hear the cars as well some time the announcer on cooler nights and your right home buyers buy then start complaining ones not complaining  are the development builders
Did my part brother even though I live in Texas. Here to support you Garrett.
Email sent screw the man
You are doomed my boy, they have wayyyyyy more money then you or your dad.
Do what cooper suggested and look for endangered plant or animal species then they can’t build😭😭
Sent an email!
This f**king sucks big time man!!!! I sincerely hope that this doesn’t get approved. If it does get approved, I really hope that this doesn’t negatively impact your business ventures on the Freedom Factory property. It’s literally a bucket list item for me to go to one of your events out there. I’d honestly be devastated if anything gets in the way of that happening for me. I’d be even more devastated for you and your whole crew if something like this ended up negatively affecting your business.  I’m rooting for you Garrett!!!! You and your whole team!  Wishing you all the best going forward. Sending prayers and positive vibes to y’all during this fight!  All the way from Houston Tx!
You need to put this on the main channel
A housing development was built next to my home racetrack(firebird raceway) and the new residents immediately tried to have it shut down.
I have sent an email to those people to fight for the freedom factory and for the drag strip it's the only way i can help as i live in new york and the 15th is my birthday i pray for this to be denied so i can keep coming to the freedom factory in the future with my future wife and kids!
Emailed 👍
find a way to make the speedway and surrounding areas a historical landmark or see if any indian burial grounds in the area then it makes it harder for them to re zone
Get WD to promote this, and 1320, and write too Big Ron D.  But sadly real estate billionaires may get their way sense this country is corrupt.
those 25 foot sound walls dont do a damn thing. the state put a on ramp to a highway near my house and put up one of those walls and i can still hear the tire noise from a prius. it wont do anything to quite racecars. you gotta get the state to grandfather in the tracks so no matter what it cant be effected by the people dumb enough to buy a house next to 2 racetracks
Why should you be responsible for providing a fence when the track was already there!!! Tell them to get bent, and tell them to pay for their own friggin fence!!! Corporate America thinks they are Hilary Clinton,and can do what they want!!! What a crock!!! Their ultimate is eliminate you and your track!
Boss hogg's at it again
Done and sent.
In these types of projects, those that vote to approve it are usually getting some form of kickback from the ones proposing the project. May be monetary or political kickback but that’s what the FF will be up against.
Will do my best to make it Thursday I’m gonna send an email right now growth in the manatee sarasota area is exploding and unfortunately the only place they have left is east of 75 to develop
Just emailed them, doing what I can to keep our Freedom Factory.
Email sent.  From firsthand experience with planning boards, you are fuct.  All they see is Tax Revenue.
Man this is scary
Put this video on the main channel and also have all the YouTubers that race and fun run with you at the tracks MIRROR THIS VIDEO on their channels!!!
Email sent!!
this is the exact reason atlanta dragway closed, and even started causing issues for road atlanta, both places with huge historical significance. i wish i could stand there with you garrett
Unfortunately their going to build the homes. The property taxes every single year on 4500 homes is what they want. Yes people will complain about the tracks that were their before they were and that will shut down the tracks so that property will also be available for many more homes and their annual taxes. There’s also big contractors that already has their claws in this and is swaying the city (💰). Everything Cleet said is their plan. It happens all the time and not just to race tracks. When politicians see a financial opportunity they take it. I know a guy that lost all his farm property but 5 acres of it because the city wanted it for a retention pond for a subdivision that is being built. His property was 4 generations and the road is named after him because it’s been their property forever. Unfortunately like the title says “it’s the beginning of the end” it may take months or several years but they’ll get what they want. I really hope something stops this money and politics usually wins.
Look what happen when Whistlin diesel ask for people to show up at the courthouse they postponed it because 4000 people showed up on the courthouse steps or more chanting. We want our rights we want our rights Cletus if I lived close to you I would be there fight on my brother.
can I oppose whilst living in Ireland? lol
This is how our local track (Atlanta Dragway) got shut down. The owners combined with the NHRA figured they would make a lot more money if they shut it down and sold it. Atlanta Dragway in Commerce will soon be filled with cheap piece of sh!t condo's with paper thin walls stacked four or five high like people in a rat cage.
They want to move in right next to your track, and then require you to put up a fence/wall? Wild
make it a trailer park in that area. Problem solved. Everyone happy.😉😉😃😃😁😁
Email is sent.
Wish i could be there to help out i sent my email keep up the great work man me and my son love your channel and everything you do.
Do it the american way... start lobbying ...  I mean bribing.
I oppose application PA-21-09/Ordinance - large scale comprehensive plan map and text amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048.    Please consider the fact that buffer walls and purchase agreements don't work. Once residents move into these homes, Council will have no choice but to take action on the noise complaints thus probably lead into civil litigation that is going to cost the owners of the track an immense amount of money to fight. That will lead into the closing of the tracks.    The American dream of someone doing everything right and creating jobs and entertainment for your area will be lost in future complaints of noise.    Let these tracks live and have a fruitful future. They were moved once, it would be a travesty to make them move again or possibly close.    Thank you for your time.   My full name and address were sent in email. FYI
Emails sent!!!!!!!
Welcome to reality. Why do you think the track sold. He went to the council meetings. He saw the future. They will sell every 1/8 acre lot for a 500k house. And once they have 100 people that decide they don't like the neighbor they willingly moved next to , you won't win. The only option is to buy out the complete development, its the only way. If they build you will loose. Call heavy d call every body. Get the finance to change the game. Call your governor. You have the only good one.
It all comes down to the taxes collected in the future from the land sales and development
I LIVE in Bradenton. I sent the email. The last thing we need is more houses. Our states income is based on tourism and entertainment, the track needs to stay! I’ve seen the hotel parking lots, restaurants, gas stations, packed when the freedom factory has an event. We have to keep it.
Opposal email sent. Send that email people! Copy/Paste and get to it!
You need to pull a move from w.d's play book. Any one who shows up $ half day. Full day $$. Sighs and noise $. Petion sighers $ get all pages signed $$. Its all about the Benjamins unfortunately you got to invest to protect not only your investment but passion.  It sounds greedy and evil but its sadly true. Money talks, and cash is the number one motivator. W.d has tried and proven this with results.
Cleet ask the other automotive you tubers to post this too! You could get millions of emails sent out in supporting you. Sending mine now.
dang brother , that be a silly place to build! unless its race track housing!!
E-mail sent.  You need to ask everyone you know that has YouTube channels Tom Bailey, VGG you know who to ask to send this out to their channel as well. I have Drafted and sent a e-mail as well. Bradenton is the First Dragstrip i ever went to in the 80s to the Snowbird Nationals back when they tested for the gators there. Later in life went to Desoto AKA The Freedom Factory and Crewed on quite a few Race teams there in the 90s. Keep the Sprawl out Yall. Thank you Garrett.
find out what is agenda 2030, that is the reason your being attacked. and now there is the battle on gas cars. you better be better at talking better. got the feeling that your on the edge, brother
I can attest that these people have no idea what they are doing. I live in MN about 10 miles (as the crow flies) from the local dragstrip with nothing but trees between here and there. When nhra nationals is running I can hear those cars inside my house even at that distance. You can't honestly tell me the people that live in this development will accept the noise and not make a huge issue of it until the tracks are so limited they can no longer function.
You better start greasing some palms. Call the governor
I wish I lived close enough to come 😕😪
Sending an email from Canada, hopefully it helps! lol
This is all to common and even big tracks like Zmax in Concord have to deal with this. Money will always win out and most don't care what happens to these tracks which is sad. But this is 100% how race tracks and small airports die. I emailed hope it helps.
I think you are misunderstanding. They want the racetracks to die.
You should contact the National Corvette Museum. They ran in to the same issue in Bowling Green. They did have to build a berm though. I'm always amazed that people do this stuff. It's like building homes next to an airport and then trying to close it down.
I 10000000000000000000000000000000000000% support this save the raceways save the racetracks
In 25 years from now there will be a home every 10 ft. There will be no grass, no trees, no racetracks and no recreational land for fun activities and that is a dang shame!! This really grinds my gears! 😡
We elect these people to do what we want them to and they do what lines their pockets every fricken time!!  😡
Damn there gonna shut the track Down in the near future no doubt
Dude, just went thru this. If your council votes for your screwed. My zoning board recommended against and 9 out of 10 opposed the rezoning. But the city council still voted for it. In short if any of your board members are in bed with the developers your screwed.
This just happened in college Station tx with Texas world speedway... we're loosing our tracks man gatta fight
Just sent the email. It doesn't make sense to build more houses in Florida. Much of the state is under constant risk of flooding, never mind future predictions of sea levels...
you forgot to include in your speech that, this racing track are keeping people away from the street and if it closes, illegal racing is going to skyrocket on the area
I just emailed them brother. This is a bunch of bs with a these land development people. We lost county line dragway here in miami. Recently lost palm beach international raceway. Now they wanna take over bradenton and freedom factory. Hell nah.
You need WD.
What if we can get a hold of Ron DeSantis the governor and make him deem those racetracks historical landmark that way they cannot be messed with no matter what
Yikes
After I watch this video Put in homes Big pile of smelly b.s Realize close to two freedom factory and Bradenton speedway That all work cleeus did be flush down toilet Iam going this cleeus fight to end To stop home being built. I'm always there support you
It's happened here in Australia so many times, people build and move in next to an existing race track that has been there for decades, they knew it, but still complained and then a bunch of restrictions get imposed to the point where the track isn't viable any longer. Fight them hard mate!
Damn dude this sucks. This is like a Yellowstone Episode
Well Katie seems nice
Keep racing alive!! Go make your mark!!
sad to say but you don't have the power / money to fight something like this.
Just sent my email out, we gots this boys protect them bald eagles🏎
Developers know exactly what they are doing when they put large housing developments next to racetracks. 5 or so years after the houses are built the tracks go out of business and they can buy the land super cheap.
Good luck
There's already a *lot* of money behind this from what I see. You may need to hire some help for this one, bro.  If I had PTO, I'd be there for you. I'll send as many emails as you have addresses though!
We lost our local track to exactly this, we can't let this go through.
Seen this in NJ. Housing has shutdown almost every single track there is. People move in knowing there is a race track or gun club and they just assume they can and they eventually do, get them shutdown.
There is someone on that board who stands to make some money off of that land. It may not be directly linked but trust me, that’s the deal. The land owners wanted to make a buck and they sold the land to Amazon after 100s of people tried to stand against it because of the noise & big truck traffic in school zones & what not. They said it would be a nice looking building and they would put a 30’ berm up along with trees and shrubs to help hide the building.They ended up putting an Amazon warehouse across the lake from $750000 homes because the land owners were cousins or in-laws. By the way, you can still see the warehouse across the lake. It’s awful with the trucks using their Jake brakes and trucks flying through school zones. I wish you the best of luck & do your self a favor and look into the people & families associated with the land and the city & board members. It’s a massive conflict of interest and they have to recuse themselves from any voting on the matter.🤞
Sent emails to all. Hope this helps.
Nobody beats the developers. They've got their well financed tentacles in all the right places.
Such an unfair threat to the massive investment you have made there. Hopefully that's made clear to the BOCC. It's not only an investment in your business and property, it's seriously an investment in the local community there.   Good luck from Denver, where the same threat is happening to Bandimere, as I'm sure you've seen. Idiots building houses right up to the property that they'll then complain about. Like buying a house at the base of an airport's runway and then complaining about the plane noise. Hope all goes well for you guys come Thursday.
Dude, you need WD on this issue. lol
Sent
Sorry dude. You're fighting FLAs ONLY real product: Real Estate. If you want to keep the tracks open, better go buy all that land. Your business isn't big enough for Florida's politicians to be on your side.
GoFundMe to buy the land and build more race tracks on it?  GoFundMe to buy the land and build more race tracks on it.
Noooooo. Our drag strip near us got shutdown because of the homes that were built after it was already there. I’m talking home that we’re miles away. They all complained about the noise. But the homes were built AFTER the strip was built. But it went to city council and then it was shutdown. Now you may have more money for lawyers. But that’s what they’ll do. They’ll try to tie up all your money in legal battles to force you to say well at this point it’s not worth the money. I feel like they build the homes in order to shut them down. This is bullshit
Just sent my email. I hope all the other YouTubers share this
Shorts and T-shirt, Florida man in court.
That SUCKS
John Dutton and Garrett Mitchell have much in common...
Governments suck arse
Can we start a fund to buy up all of that property? The Freedom Factory Ranch?
Done and Done
This happened in College Station with the Texas world speedway, absolute atrocity, what was once a landmark is now cheaply built apartment homes. I hope this doesn’t go through as it will force the tracks to shut down because of the “noise”
If the track is forced to close down, we should hold illegal street races next to the subdivision.
We are going through this now in our area 2 tracks that have been around for decades that now have complaints from new developments for noise.  1 now has restrictions for operating hours while the other is still in a battle.  Unfourtuntley the county and states look at 4500 new homes as boost in taxes.   It’s a tough battle good luck
Done.  I live in a coastal town, used to have a lot of history, etc and developers have been lining the ocean with condos, ruining all the out door spaces.  It's a tourist area as well.  Who wants to go to a town where you can't see the ocean from main st. anymore because of three and four story condos?  No one.  It's a nightmare.  Keep up the fight.
Should  be a racing people neighborhood only if they really want that and what can we do from Canada 🇨🇦
I love you cleet fighting to keep Motorsport alive and thriving. Announce this on the main channel
Do it for dale
Emails sent to the list from Texas
Email sent.
this has happened to all of our tracks in Perth Western Australia. Barbagello raceway has noise restrictions imposed. those ethat bought n built did have to sign a wavier.
Has happened to some great race tracks in Australia. This must be stopped.
Hope it all goes well buddy -TX
That sucks. All it takes is one idiot to complain about noise and/or traffic and you lose everything.
Buy the land
Gather a team of people willing to chip in, buy the entire land next to the track,  make the "Freedom Community" for cars and racing lovers. Solved.
do we have to wait to send email?
you asked i emailed  i support  auto racing from nashville tn
All my support. From Canada
The things Garret does for the sport is impresive! Hat’s off to you man! You have such the right mind set!
unfortunately this will become a growing problem as the years go on.. build hundreds and thousands of homes on empty land until theres no more room with over population
I believe the track being grandfathered for so long way before the new residence gives the track the benefit of that construction not to go on that new construction
I hate to say it but the county won't say no to new tax dollars. Contact your Governor.
There needs to be an alternative proposal made for that land. Like a theme park or public amenities. Public parks. Baseball and softball fields something to place that’s still going to still support the community but not negatively effect the tracks. I played baseball my entire like you know how sweet it would be to plays games with race cares ripping off in the distance
Email sent, hopefully everyone else takes the time to do the same.
There's only 1 thing left to do..... Buy the whole damn thing
You did good and I’m sure they will work with you. I vote  here from New Mexico “YES” keep it Running please. 🙏 Neighbors. Please keep it open for all them burnouts.
Just being real my man. These developers are in the pockets of the City/ County and even State officials for situations just like this.
I mean I'm in st Lawrence county rural upstate NY but I'm wondering how the shiite 3 houses can be built on one acre. To close .
I live on the opposite side of the country, close to where you do your sprint boat racing. We have had local tracks close here in the last couple years. Are drag strip is still going, but who knows how long that'll last. We'll do anything we can up here to help. You've done an amazing job with the track and it would be a shame to see something as dumb as this and it all
I have seen this time and time and time again they say they have the best intentions moving homes in we can work with you they say put a fence up… then someone with some influence moves in all the sudden that fencing, good enough then they say well could you guys not race at night and then it goes on snowball from there….
OK seven emails sent to all of the people above.   They’re shutting down my local track in June of next year it’s a very sad sad thing I’ve been going there since I was 16 years old. Even NHRA events weren’t enough to save it
I just sent my email. The drag strip I grew up going to was Atlanta dragway and I would hate to see the freedom factory go that way. I would make the drive from Daytona to be there in person on Thursday but I’m in my final exam week. Good luck Cleetus.
They do this same crap with firing ranges; they'll build a housing development next to the firing range, people move it, complain about said firing range, and get the range closed. It's absolute garbage and I 100% believe the same will happen to you!
No my heart drop. Stay strong brother!💯🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Email being sent! I stand with the Freedom Factory and Bradenton Motorsports
FUCK THE HOA LOL
Emails sent - wishing you success in fighting this one!
if you think you need a 25 foot fence.... then you as a city build it... and they will still know that they are adjacent to a racetrack.... this is not my issue, the racetrack has been there for decades... build elsewhere to avoid noise pollution, by not building next to a racetrack. we built out here so this would not happen, now youre here... build elsewhere.
Guys if you don't actually live in the area, please don't pretend that you do in order to help. This needs to be fought clean, we don't need to make a mess of it trying to help.
If everything fails. Just rev all the engines whenever they are showing houses to people. They want to ruin your business, you ruin theirs.
im sad to say you're already in trouble
I can't travel or go to the events but I emailed all on the list in description. I really hope this comes out ok for you all.
Looks like you didn't budget for political donations. Sorry.
Sent out an email because I can't be there in person. I hope everything goes well and this planning and build doesn't go into plan!
SO DONT BUY A HOUSE NEXT TO A RACE TRACK!!! UNLESS YOURE A RACER, THAT WOULD BE SWEEEET!
there's to many ppl on this planet this is unreal we are gonna destroy it
stuff like this has been happening in my area but with warehouses i mean i hope you win but im just gonna be honest and say the deck is not stacked in your favor the land deal alone would be worth north of 50 million dollars based on land prices in your area and the houses would be another 1.5 billion dollars they will keep seeking approval until everyone gets tired of fighting it unfortunately.
Garrett you should have mentioned the estimated annual revenue The tracks bring to the local economy
Hell yeah brother
Wish we could get this support for our 2nd Amendment here in michigan🤦‍♂️
Take out the tracks your just asking for illegal street racing lose lose situation
Emails sent!
We are in a famine , they are genetically modifying everything we consume and one of the main reasons is because they are destroying all farms and land designated for agricultural use..
Dont worry cleet we got your back!
You were very well spoken. Keep fighting! What you really need is to buy that property. Maybe one of your viewers has the funds to make it happen?  And this is just the beginning, Florida`s new anti drag racing / street racing law that just passed could be another sticking point. Burnouts (even on private property) are now illegal. It`s just a matter of time before they use it against you.
Sadly ya can’t beat the man
email sent!
Dude i wish you luck!  All the commissioners usually see are dollar signs……… we went through a ordeal in our neighborhood hood in the county where they wanted to put a FedEx facility that was the size of 8 football fields on 35 acres and had another joining 35 acres rezoned.  Our commissioners tried slipping it by us until we all heard about it and went to three meetings.  Their minds were made up from day one and basically told all of us tough shit.   It’s on hold now since the economy took a shit…..
These places keep kids off the streets and racing in a safe environment.
All these ppl need to be stopped they come in and build next to a race track then want the race track gone nah the race track was there before the homes they trying to do this to the dirt track here in sc I race at
Tell them to move to California if they want to build next to a race track Leguna Seca... I despise people that come after the fact  and expect YOU to change. Screw those developers! And city councilmen or county commissioners that think they OWN our PROPERTY.
IT'S CORRUPTION AT IT'S FINEST THAT HAS HAPPENED ALL ACROSS THIS COUNTRY. It doesn't matter what you do, THEY DON'T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT US. YOU EITHER BUY THE LAND OR THEY WILL WIN, FACTS.   They will put so many restrictions on you or just SHUT YOU DOWN, CORRUPT BASTARDS. WHEN WILL THE CITIZENS OF THE U.S.A. HAVE ENOUGH OF OF THEIR BULLSHIT & REVOLT ?
Maybe try to buy the land, make a dirt track out of it?
Suit and tie and your best manners Does it still help if we send it from Canada
Buy me a house next to the track and I won’t complain!! Just fill those houses closely effected, with your friends and family. I would be at every event! Love you Cleet, keep up the great work
There was a race track I went to as a kid that now has to shut down at 11 no matter what. All because some people moved next to a race track and started to complain. This has to stop
You can kiss your race track good bye as those people and the ag land owners have sold out. They don't care, obvious from their care of the ag land. Still, I've sent my email with my support. Godspeed.
Everyone should blow up Ron DeSantis's twitter feed.
Look up Waterford Michigan Waterford hills road racing over 50 years and counting we have a big muffler law per our township 75 debacle limit and Michigan has a max road of 80 db we r trying 2 get it raised fight fight fight
I saw what support Whistling Diesel had in his endeavors for support. You have a large enough following to do as well or better. Battle them because they will infringe on your right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness when ever they can. Garrett you have been an inspiration to millions and we should step up to stand beside you in this fight. Let’s not let the planning commission be bought by the highest bidder. Politicians are always for sale and someone always pays the price. Unfortunately the regular man is always oppressed by the tyrants that accept the money. Especially when guised as development.
i would write to the governor. you guys have have the best governor in the country and he's pretty sensible and may be able to help
Garret Mitchell?
Rip their inboxes...they are gonna be flooded by the morning
This is exactly why I moved away from Florida, the massive influx of people moving means houses are being built anywhere there's space. With the amount of money/potential money on the line for getting AG land rezoned as residential lots means there's major concern for corruption. I watched it happen in Charlotte County and saw the writing on the wall in Lee County. They'll take hundreds of acres and divide it up into thousands of quarter acre lots with cookie cutter houses just feet apart.  We specifically sought out ag zoned land so we didn't have to deal with neighbors and we could make all the racket we wanted. What do you think happens when all these snowbirds and liberal karens move in and hear guns, 4 wheelers and race cars all day long?
Where I sent email to ?! I help anyway we can just tell us how
They do this to shooting ranges too, and farms that "smell" airports, railroads, etc.  It's AWFUL.  Long established families and businesses constantly being re-colonized and overrun over and over and over.  We need to make laws based on tenure.  It matters.
That sucks too bad there's no way that you can buy the land it's probably expensive
Emphasize the historic and economic value of the race tracks and cite several instances of of race tracks closing due to new housing
I wish you all the success. I can't make it while I live in Amsterdam The Netherlands. I do not have rights to oppose I guess. I hope you guys make it. Put it on the main channel to it is very important thing and I am afraid that many people will not see it here and would react or come.  Best wishes. Maybe tell them to that it has International support and that you have millions of subscribers to. It is true so why not using it? Good luck.
Can we appose from australia?
I just want to know how the hell the Floridian's south of Orlando are supposed to evacuate in the case of a emergency. It's damn near impossible now!  We don't need to stop the progress. Just the greed!!!
"I dont espect for many of you to show up" car comunity😈😈😈
This is the end of the race track. Hope you don’t go bankrupt fighting against developers.
Email sent. Wish I could make it down and attend in person. Get those emails sent ladies and gentlemen and attend if possible.
Jax raceways was a good example of this, my roommates dad used to maintain the tracks and when he was a kid nothing was around other than a few houses.  Green cove raceway was shutdown by one person complaining constantly. Then they wonder why street takeovers and street racing happens in Jacksonville. You can't even have a car show in Jax without the cops messing with you  unless you have specific proven permission to hold the event. My car stereo club can't even get a good spot other than finger lake street, the cops that patrol the area are audiophiles and that's the only reason why we can meet there every sat. It only takes one dumb uneducated Karen to shut down history...
I hope this doesn’t happen to u and Victor after u guys put in all of that money and time into them
wall ain't gonna do shit. this development goes in, that's game over.
I got ya brother can't be there unfortunately work and I'm a few hours away but I'll be emailing
There is NO WAY to mitigate that much sound!!!  You are 100% correct to testify to prevent all those people from buying their homes and being unhappy once they move there after closing!  4000 homes next to a racetrack and dragstrip....this is a very bad idea!!!  I will send an email and support you guys!!  Done, sent.
If the racetracks get shut down, what happens to all of the money you guys have invested into those tracks? Not only that, what about the families that will have to worry about putting food on the table because the people you guys  have employed wont have jobs anymore?
O i am sending E-Mails..... but at this point brother, you need to lawyer up.....or they will run you over, trust! i used to live in California, we had Sacramento Raceway..... they did the same dam thing and its gone brother, not a SHIT was given by the city, or the state...
STOP MOVING TO FLORIDA
cleet i would put this on the main channel. here in michigan we have a local dragway track battling the exact same thing but as a new owner. the track has been around since the 60s. homes started popping up around it since. getting closer to the the track. new owner buys track about 3-4 years ago because previous owner was losing money by not many people coming to it and lack of maintenance. now new owner is battling curfew on noise after spending millions into the track. spead the word. you have a bigger chance on the main channel with more eyes to view it.
I hope it gets opposed... but my guy, I also hope you have a backup plan.
How about we acquire the land and build Sound friendly Hotels. Hell Ya Brother!
Always choking out the small businesses.   There are so many other places to build.   Good luck in this process. You got this!!
Same thing happened with our oval, although they did replace ours with a new one.
Emails sent! Hell yeah brother! I’ll be trying to drive up from Englewood on Thursday as well. This is our chance to shut down this expansion!
They want that tax money they don’t care about anything else
Eff it, make a go fund me, and let’s buy the property for Cletus.
The problem is, $$$ someone or someone’s and getting a kickback from the development of this land. Am I saying that there is corruption, possibly, but I wouldn’t count it out. Plus the city, county, and state will make more money in taxes with the houses than farm land. We are with you and the FF
Unfortunately , the greased hands of local government  puts their bank balance in front of any interest groups. The more housing they have and develop the more taxes they are "given" .  That's all their interest is in.  Not the many people who work for you and support families and contribute to the community Not the thousands that enjoy going there Not the local businesses you support directly and indirectly from tourism which in the end pumps more into "their pockets" oops, nope, local economy . Not the people from around the world that now want to go to Florida like myself purely because of what you have put out there.  Local government should be fully supporting you and banning development around you in order to keep a thriving and ever expanding community up and running well into the future for the benefit of Florida's tourism. I wish i could help from Australia but i hope they listen and people email and attend the meeting.  Long Live TFF
Just put up a sound wall
Your track and business provide a stable income for the county. Also a place for parents to pass down auto racing to younger generations outside of the home. I'll fire up my email from Colorado. God speed. [edited: All emails Sent]
If they put up a bunch of home. That's typical of florida.   You're problem... not the tracks.   Like living in a flood plain.  Shouldnt have been a schmuck
This should seriously be on the main channel
Close the tracks, I'll do it on the street, your choice.
Need to do a social media blitz to DeSantis
email sent, good luck brother!
Amazing presentation. Nice frickin' work!
just sent the email.
The loss of farmland to build more homes is bad in a lot of ways. Good luck.
4500 homes is a lot of tax money and money always prevails
get a whole gang of racers to move in the houses  😉😉😉😉
email sent
"I have equity in both tracks", awesome!!!  I knew it!
Killdozer intensifies
Everyone needs to share cletus's video far and wide put it on every platform that you can just so people see what government likes to do to the small business owner
Need to go on the offensive. Call Harvey Spector
Please be on your best behavior guys.
I live in the us virgin islands i got ur back bro
They need to take that land & build a solar farm on it so they can " make use of it" and ultimately indirectly protect the land from being built on.  Every " suggestion" to make it work is just an excuse to get their foot in the door. Once they get some leverage these tracks are gone, done for!
Emails sent to 7 County Commissioners, I hope they don't disregard due to Texas address.
Emailed. This deserves ten minutes of anyone's time who can briefly and precisely state why this would be a terrible ammendment to pass. Don't be a bystander
Go to Demolitia for help! Try asking Matt for help. GL
You need to put this on the main channel
What If I know a guy who knows a guy and your state governor might just appear ?
yep and ppl that will be living there will bitch about the noises coming from there and you guys will have to shutdown or only be aloud to run at times that wont suit you guys. its like over here in aus they build next to meats works or next to the tip/dump thats been out the way of everything for years and now they build housing next to them ppl bitch about the smell
This is an exact case of keep the poor poorer and the rich richer and get rid of the middle class completely and its people as in you Cleeter! I'm sooo sorry to hear this if there is anything we the people can do tell us. That woman representing the land owners you can tell works with/ for the Elite rich and I hope you win this battle! YOU/ the freedom factory and Bradenton race track MADE THE LAND VALUE GO UP! If they do build houses there let people with race cars and that love racing move in there and they should be fully acknowledge about all the sounds that come from these racetracks before they buy any home over there if this goes down. There has to be a middle ground it CAN'T always just be for the greater good of the population BS.
That development if the 4500 homes number is correct is around a ~ 2 billion dollar project if you figure each home at 500k. Even at 250k each its 1 billion.  Lots of money to grease wheels.
You can put up earth banks and plant trees that deaden a lot of the treble. The biggest thing is look at the average prevailing wind and see where tyre smoke gets blown.
Please send out an email with this info that we are able to copy and paste
They have no idea what kind of shit storm they are about to get.
Any city officials wonder why Kids race on the street..
This will also affect your shop too. No more dyno test, no more parking lot tests, no more fun.😥
this exact thing happened to my local motocross track
I was really worried someday this would happen just not for atleast another 10 years. I just emailed a nice writeout to every single email with all my info. HOPE WE CAN SAVE THE FREEDOM FACTORY & BMP! Wish i could make it down there this thursday
Are we doing 1 email per recipient, or just put them all in the TO field?
Will emails from Ontario do anything? i'm sending em regardless but i have literally no idea if it'll have any sway here lmao
100% right, this would be a death sentence for those tracks. Main channel.
Put this on the main channel. Best of luck cleet. You and the guys worked way too hard to get the factory up and running
What should we put in the subject line, Cleet?
These guvement people that working in there offers are you sales and have no idea .
Find an endangered species where they want to build game over
Its because u treated the tesla bad.      Now we gotta cancel ya
These people have absolutely zero intent on actual sound abatement. That’s just a virtue signal to get what they want, which is money. They don’t care about the track, the people or the housing. They care about the profits. Period.
we have the same problem in aviation... people build new homes RIGHT next an airport thats been there since the 40's and then complain about the noise...
Hate to say this, but u are fighting people with WAY MORE money. Im sure u are aware,,,,,MONEY TALKS and BS WALKS. Best of luck sir.
I sent an email... HAVE YOU?!
That's exactly what happened to my old racetrack in California I'm so glad I don't live in California but I'm sorry seems like the same thing is happening here now everybody's moving here look at a bright side we're Republican state
I just got back from the mountains in Utah. While driving and admiring the beauty I noticed out of place homes and buildings scattered throughout the landscape. I thought to myself...How long will this natural beauty be here? How long until the greedy developers just eat it all up?
I think I only watched 30 seconds of it and I think they are full of crap... the race track was there 1st. If they want to develop then they are the ones that have to put the burn and the fence up not you. They knew the race was there before they decided to build so that is their responsibility ...OK I watched more And you're right they shouldn't put a housing track next to a race track. But if they want to that's unknown but they can't bitch about the race track it was there 1st But if they want to that's unknown but they can't bitch about the race track it was there 1st And yes housing developments are popping up all over the country where they shouldn't be I agree with that But people just want to make a buck and that's what the developers are trying to do At your expense and hard work that you have put into that place... If somebody wants to build there then that's on them and if nobody buys their homes that's on them.. I will fight for that track and I live in New York
I can hear the indy cars when their in edmonton from miles away, their is no wall however i doubt it would do alot. but they should keep them simply due to the fact that it keeps people off the streets racing.
DONE FROM AZ!
Please put this on main channel, this is bad!!
This happens so much in Australia as well.
If this happens, they will regulate you into oblivion.
Find an endangered species where they want to build game over
✋🏼🇦🇺👍🏼 Victoria Australia, many former rural race tracks are now closed due to residential expansion, even though developers and pending residents new the racetrack proximity, historic community value, ect. Several years later with population movement new residents started petitioning and won
Emails sent... all 7 of them!!!
Get whistlindiesel to invite his followers.
Email sent, hope to see this on the main channel for more exposure.
Let me guess 4000 X 3000 for Taxes your race track pays what 10k to 20k plus you bring in millions for big and small businesses hope they reconsider
Let's petition I bet you'd get 1mil plus signatures
ohh this is amazing, there is going to be a army turning out for you Cleeter. wish i could fly down to help
This needs put on the main channel.
Email Sent.  Sorry I live very far away.
Cleeter, I dont think i am able to oppose this movement via email as I am Canadian. if anyone knows different ill gladly email my opposition... best of luck brother!
I'm praying it stops because we don't need more homes taking over farmland either.
thay tryed  to do the same to pocono pa.
Email sent! Wish I could be there to support in person but sending my support from Oklahoma. Good luck brother.
It's all about the dollars, I guarantee that somebody's gettin their pockets lined. Sorry to say but yall are fighting an unwinnable fight unless you've got millions to fight with and a whole team of high priced lawyers .... yr probably screwed.
emails has been sent, I agree with many people in the comments, this should be on the main channel. All 7 of the email addresses were emailed together, I hope this works.
Imagine the parking for the full of racing cars
Hello, is the mail worth doing even tough i'm not in the us? thanks
If you haven't already, hire the biggest, baddest law firm you can afford.
I'm praying it stops because we don't need more homes taking over farmland either.
You can also add this if you destroy the race track serious will race on the streets how many of their lives and the civilian lives will be in danger all because of your negligence to keep history and safety for the racers and the public for simple profit as well tell them that if they do build them it will be needing three fences with Burns at 25 footer and it will be needing a distance of minimum 200 ft of forest to be planted in with and length so too eliminate noises just like an airport uses as well as another point this area is potentially going to cost you guys Mega Millions because if one person tries to sue us we will come back to you guys and sue you for the full value of the land buildings Plus 25 years of operation Prophets. Let's see them talk then because when you trying to sue the Builder of any of those houses and the City and the council and the state trust me they will like it as well you did good to point out that events could bring money to the local area but you will need more events much more advanced you will also help also need to create a concert venue this way you will be in more than one reach of entertainment and promise them loud music loud cars and noises and if anybody complains they will have a parade of loud noises on the streets
Illinois  in the house, sending out emails
How is even being rezoned from agricultural to residential in the 1st place
Just more people in government with the “power” going to their big ass head.
Same things happened all over EU they let ppl put houses next track, then limit noise, after that limit days it can be active and then they close tracks, sad
Whistlin Diesel will sort this brother!
sent !!  best of luck Cleeter!
My grandmother lives very close to the FF, Off 49th. (Has a small farm with 2 horses and many farm cats) I've grown up hearing the Desoto speedway and thats MILES away from it. (I have also heard gunshots all the time, but I mean it IS out in the country) I can't imagine any 25ft wall will keep the sound out if its right next to them when I could hear the racetrack from miles away...
Put this on the main channel!
Just pull a John Dutton and run for local office. The best way to protect what you love, is to do it from within.
How much would it cost to buy all of the land or at least a big amount of it next to you?
Just sent the email. Let's rise up and let them here are awesome community.
sent every one an email this morning. keep fighting the good fight cleet.
Believe it or not, local government wants this to happen. The death of community and collaborative hobbies. They'll bankrupt you just like that guy in CO. That apartment complex WILL be build. Because they can and will build it, why? Because it will make them money. They don't care about you. Or the people moving into the apartments. You need to find that asshole trying to convert the land and find a way to remove the stick from his ass.
I'm going to do both.
Make this a main channel video
Lmao being from Missouri I have absolutely zero reason to ever visit the area if it wasn't for the tracks
I will Email  everyone of those People For You.  We Can't have  another small track- Freedom Factory-and -a drag way go down. It's happed here in Summerville  S.C.   Summerville  Speedway. (gone) now new houses <Fact and the Dorchester Dragway (gone) and the old School "Cooper River Dragway "
I wish i could be there brother !! Support from canada !!
Every youtuber who has come out and raced needs to back this, everyone, if you follow else where, comment and message them, get cleeter an army!
I emailed… best of luck sir
So what happens if you live next to a train tracks or next to an airport are you allowed to take that up to the board
Do the email, it takes 5 minutes. Trust me it’s worth it
Same stuff were I live track has been there for ever but the new people keep getting their way more restrictions
The same thing happen in Bakersfield Ca. Mesa Marin Speedway. It opened in 1977 and closed in 2005 because of urban sprawl. It was way out in the foothills and developers moved in and killed it.  The track held events that were televised on ABC's Wide World of Sports, TNN, Fox Sports, Speed Channel, HDNet and ESPN.[1] The track closed in 2005 and the location is now being used for suburban residential development. Pissed me off!
Put it on main channel toooooooo
Red hot tip, take your hat off if you want to be taken seriously
I'd buy a house next to your race track knowing that I'm going to hear cars for the rest of my life
Unfortunately it's not what people wanna hear but the track will end up being shut down.  The money the houses will bring in will out do any arguments for keeping the tracks. It's all about money and always will be about the money I really hope it doesn't get shut down
Just look at what happened to lime rock park in Connecticut, upper class people move in around it and complain about the smell of tires and noise of race cars,dang near closed the place for good it should be expected when you move right next to a historic racing location, there should be disclosure agreements if you want to move in near a track
CLEETUS NEW VIDEO!!  CLEET BUYS 2700 ACERS AND OPENS THE WORLDS BIGGEST OFFROAD PARK!!!! figure 1000-2000 an acer between 2-5M .  thats what i would do if i was loaded with the youtube greenbacks. we can only hope
I'm not a Floridian, but even I know what you have done for your community.  I was happy to send an email to oppose this from happening!  Good luck Garrett! I'll be watching and waiting for good news.
Need to get whistlindeiesl  to bump his subs too, they like to show up to things like this.
We will shut them down👍👍👍
FJB
done
My towns track was destored because of homes built next to it
Im Emailing immediately. We need to unite fellow racing fans this our hobbies an our events he does for us its in danger of being demolished. I wish i could be there physically
Cleetus there WILL be thousands upon thousands of people there for you tomorrow buddy. just you wait and see.. the amount of support will melt your heart .. just make sure you all allow plenty of time to get there because the traffic is going to be insanely busy. most likely totally grid locked.. good luck CLEETUS ,,  GET THERE FANS, i am in the UK so i can't get there. but if it was ANYWHERE in the UK then i WOULD BE
Exactly what happened to Atlanta Dragway.
Email sent from Colorado. Hell Yeah Brother!!
Yep. I live up in the Panhandle of Florida. Franklin County.  We have a 1 single family dwelling per acre moratorium.
Anyone who can please give this video a thumbs up and share it!!!!
Simple solution the housing development pays for a new freedom factory and drag strip far enough away
I am emailing them now , I wish I could be there in person but can not. I hope it helps and are making plans to come injoy some events and  attend and compete also
Sounds like it’s there way to shut down a track it sounds like that’s the plan, it’s not to create homes for people it’s to get the tracks shut down bet the epa got a hand in this project
✅
I say start a go fund me and buy the land your self....
Maybe yourself and Victor could try and apply for a historical landmark just a thought
what should we put in the “subject” part of the email?
Sent my email homie. Best of luck dealing with this. Politicians are not known for caring how the little guys feel.
Best of luck to you and everyone. Hope it all works out
All the big youtubers who come to these tracks  really need to make videos about this need to show up in force .... to help clettus ...
Email of support sent to all members. The real question is which of these board members are going to benefit from the redevelopment. Who has ties to the proposed developer, builder, site contractors, etc?   Sadly Cleet can only fight so hard against local politics and $$$.  Protecting a valuable community asset such as the racetracks have multiple benefits beyond the tourism dollars they bring in. The business entity operating the facilities provide meaningful employment, internship opportunities, pay taxes, etc. All while enhancing public safety by providing a facility for automotive enthusiasts of all ages.  What is the projected increase in cost and work load to the local law enforcement to patrol 4,500 homes?
They can't move the freedom factory the freedom factory is bigger than Disney this is 🐂💩
In Kansas City we lost our local track because of one homeowner that did not like the noise.
Wait, your name's not actually "Cleetus McFarland"????  Mind blown.  Good luck, but it's hard to fight "progress", unfortunately.
Emails sent! Respectfully of course. Good luck brother!
If it does pass, fill that neighborhood with gearheads /youtubers  and race cars lol
Like people moving in next to an airport complaining about the noise. Sorry to hear this is happening. The county is going to look favorably at having property tax payers for new homes.
May need DeSantis involved.  If the government has their way, it will be EVs only on that racetrack.
a fence aint gonna do shit
If you need some maps made for the cause, feel free to reach out. I’m a GIS manager with a concentration in land use planning. I can produce some high quality maps / analysis
Damn right brother the history is more important than some housing edition to come in and wreck the environment
I support you and your efforts keep racing alive
Emailed them instantly
You should buy the land and make include a house with your cleeter subscription 😂 imagine 4000 loud daily drivers starting up at 6am
Absolutely no problem with any of the housing everyone so when will you be paying to move the freedom factory in the drag strip?
Not just noise but it appears you guys get massive rain so where does the stormwater go for that many houses, guaranteed more flooding with that much hardstand area replacing paddocks. And another headache for the town hall. Ps refer to it as proposed development in your communications and get tonnes of signatures in town and from the businesses that track patrons support
Welcome to the heavy hand of the authoritarian new world order. May I remind you that when no respect is due, none should be given. We didn't really need to see you talking. What would have been interesting is to watch the people that Cleetus is talking to. Because I'd be pretty sure that what Cleetus is saying is falling on deaf ears. My guess is those people are NOT car people.
Liked the video but sucks it’s even come to this! Freedom Factory in danger!
I was the manager to an indoor sports (basketball volleyball) in OC Ca. We were there first then they built some houses across the street like 200yards away and up a hill and every monday I got a visit from the city code guy. We were on a first name bases. Needless to say, the gym aint there nomore
I would think because of flooding they wouldn't be able to build those homes?  This is how Riverside Race Way'in So.California Died!!!   It's all about Greed, the people trying to build there, are in it for Money,  They don't care if the new home owners like the noise or not.  Problem for the city is, they won't realize the county's business Income that Racing brings, but they will see the lost income, if the Racing Stop's. Good Luck.
We eventually have to just start standing up and saying no. We don’t care what your paper says. We’re going to continue to do what we’ve always done. With 2A laws and racing endangerment. No violence or riots. Just “no”. And also. Let’s all email Ron Desantis and the commissioners. Ron is def a Florida man!
Email Sent, wish i could be their Thursday, Good Luck Cleetus!
You should put this on the main channel
How can. They built something new next to something that's been there alot longer and cry about it I don't understand this bs
"COMPROMISE" worst case scenario cut the rezoning back to half which could give you a larger cushion area.
Done, brother!! Happy to support!
See if you can buy it and develop it into a jet boat track!
First thing I thought when I started watching, and I see a lot of other comments suggesting it, to put this on the main channel. Really need to get as much traction as possible with this one.
would be cool if you could buy some of the property and put up your own buildings for visitors to rent
Email sent!  Good luck!!!
Email sent all the way from Dale Sr.'s hometown of Kannapolis, NC.  Did it for Dale.  Keep fighting the good fight my friend.
This happens in every country in the world. People build beside airports and race tracks and complain. The tracks close.
Fck this stop it at all costs! This is part of what took out English town race way park. Homes built by the track then bitched and wanted them shut down! This could be the end of both tracks!
Place will be packed with opposing folk
You need to post the emails and case number in a place that can be copied.
I'm not sure Bradenton is ready for the full scope of the Cleeter crew!?!
This is some bullshit!
buy the land
You need to post this on the main channel man
Help me Obi Whistling Diesel...
This needs to not only go on the main channel but anyone who has a channel in the car community. Please everyone please help. It takes 30 seconds to send an email and we need to stand up for the car and aviation community to save our beloved racetracks and airports.
Give whistlendiesel a ring that guy can bring the rain on these type of things you’ll have 1000 people there.
We are with you brooooo
Law school finally paying off!
Put this on the main channel!!!
How would the new home owners be able to complain enough to were you have can only runs cars certain times of the day when that was all built next to your track? Track has been there forever thats their fault for moving into a house next to the track.
TRY TO GET SOME INVESTORS TO BUY SOME OF THAT LAND!!!!
Hopefully your tracks dont get hit like bandimere has in colorado, people move in right next to a loud race track then complain that its too loud. Gl brother
Ole Cleet pulling a whistlindiesel, it's going to busy Thursday.
My guess is the planning commission could care less what anyone outside the county cares, and don't care a lot about local citizens either.  They care about growth and tax revenue.  Make sure you get anyone you can from the county who owns a business that benefits from the facility to support your position.
Why would they want to get rid of agriculture?  That also needs to be defended.
buy the homes or property that's close and rent to the guys working in the shop
Its about money, you guys are going to have to give the council more money than the developers are.
developers are terrible they only care about the $$$.
No wall is going to stop that sound, I used to live 1/2, 3/4 mile away from Rocky Mountain raceways though some subdivisions and could still hear them. And they ripped it out and now warehouses cover where it used to be and kids are out racing on the streets.
This is the same way Orange County International Raceway ended getting closed, and that was decades ago.  We used to love going there on Weds nights and race our cars.  It was only $5.00 back then.  And then everyone complains about all the street racing that pops up.  Well gee you just closed the safe place to race, so what did you expect?
Can I send an email considering I love in Australia
If I could afford to drive down there from the northwest to support you I would. That's how much i enjoy your content, and what you do with your actions kindness, and facilities to help other creators both bigger, and smaller than you to grow. The least any of us can do is send a few emails! Let's hold it down for our boy. The worst thing that can happen here is not to try.
Get @WhistlinDiesel to get his followers to help show up and oppose.
Needs to be posted on the main channel for sure
Sent and bcc’ed your team
o:
i wonder if Cleetus is starting to think about going back to law school man people in motorsports need to band together to fight this kind of stuff my local track has been having issues not exactly like this but they just build a track of homes right across the street and people complain about the noise now the track has to fight to have events until 10pm this track was out in the middle of the high desert away from everything
so annoying how they do this. do the politicians really think people who buy these homes will not complain? rooting for ya cleet!
I did what could i emailed all thes emails as i live in Seattle Wa we dont need to see another track go down.
Will do brother, I'll get those emails out when I get home tonight. Maybe they will think again when they see opposition from all over the world!
Save the freedom factory
It’s just like building a neighborhood right beside a landfill!!!!   Your goin to smell it.    Wish u luck bub!!!!
I just tried to send an email and got an "Message Blocked" email in response. Hope this is resolved before Thursday.
Best of lucky I haven’t been to the track yet but I hope to soon
Email sent brother, time to build a killdozer , the government wants there tax money for each one of them houses that will be built,
Yeah but the big company buying up all that land and building the houses just paid all those elected clowns 100,000s of dollars to look the other way.
Dude you handled that like a pro! I hope it all works out good for you.
This makes me so sad…I’m emailing them all now Garrett.  NO WORRIES BROTHER. WE GOT THIS! 🫡🇺🇸💯❤️🙏😎
Cleeter Farm and Agriculture. Buy the 2300 acres. Bam problem solved🤣😂🤣
This is complete crap. Very similar situation happened to Englishtown Speedway in New Jersey. People moved into town and complained about the noise. The drag strip there is no more, but they host drift events during the spring, summer and fall.
25 foot fence with 2000 hp cars. Nothing nothing will stop that noise
Email sent.
Hope we have a massive outcome of people there Thursday for CLEET let's keep the dream alive
Garrett you  need to start a online petition  to stop this you have a enough viewers and fan on the channel to stop this now
Cleeter putting that lawyer school to work right here boys.
Put up a giant sign next to the road that says racing 7 days week. Then pay someone to do laps all day long. See how many houses they sell then.
Do it for DALE yall
Man you will have a fight on your hands the rest of your life. Clarksville Drag in Clarksville, Tn is and has been fighting development for the last 10 years. You have a long long fight
the only way to save it is buy up the property next to the track. homes will come in either way.
ill send email baby  now tell kyle i want that frs
That blows … but expansion is king … good luck hope you can beat that 😊
Cleet please put this on the main channel. I sent my Email last night.
Hey bud...... find out how much they want to flip the property! Then let all of us have a chance to buy stock in the  THE FREEDOM RACING PRESERVATION CORPORATION and buy the parcel and make it a HISTORICAL PRESERVATION SITE..Then the parcel will remain agricultural...
Let’s go!!! Call desantis!
Post this on the main channel more people will see it
This is precisely what happened to PARC Drift, people complain and race tracks drop, rooting for ya Cleeter!
its all about greed, they didnt even try to listen man
We should all just buy those houses and then we could start the best neighborhood in the world.
I'm so sick of people moving here who aren't even from Florida feeling like they have the right to fuck up our way of life here. Don't move next to established race tracks if you don't want noise. I'm so fucking sick of it smfh.
This happened at Englishtown Raceway Park in Nj. Fight this with everyone you can!
This sounds similar to what North Wilkesborrow has been going through
Call whistling diesel. He has tons of legal experience.
Pockets get padded and bad things happen to honest Americans. Sad but true. It's the American way nowadays.
Garrett, I really don’t think it’s a good idea to have your fans show up and speak to your council.  Show up?  Great, but not speak.  The council are professional business people and you need to speak to them in that manner.  Having followed and read hundreds of comments on your sites I am legitimately concerned that you could get a few fans who might let their passion get the better of them and end up speaking unprofessionally to your council.  And this will 100% reflect on you and the FF.
Hoping for the best cleeter! You did a great job speaking professionally. Have to come as polite as possible to help them understand and not feel like you're angry with them. If you get to speak at a meeting again might be worth mentioning the guaranteed spike in street racing. I'm sure the way local government things like this usually go you probably had minimal time to put together a short and concise speech.
Id be out there if i could bro! just sent the email! lets beat these bozos!!!
God is on our side
Its madness to think a 25’ berm would stop the noise. The truth is, there needs to be 250’ of dense trees to prevent the noise to abate the noise.
LETS GET THIS GUYS lets let them know !!!!!!
Hey bro, I have family in the Italian Mob, if you need help, you know, someone friendly to have some kind words with the people who want to develop homes I can get that done for you. Viva Italia!
25' fence lmao. I could hear the racetrack a few miles away where i used to work. This has killed all the race tracks, venues and farms around me. Good Luck.
My local track went through this same issue year's ago and here in NY you only have a few months to make it worth your while and the town kept putting up new hurdles until they finally closed
Email sent
I find it dumb they wouldn't work with the track.  There are so many car guys out there that would love to live next to that track.  Space the homes near the track further apart and market them as such.  Hate they are doing this to you guys, I've been actively looking at land in Florida because of what you guys are doing for the car scene there.
As a resident of lakewood ranch. I will oppose this crazy expansion. I do not want to see a safe spot for racing to go away. Even though I don't race anymore. I still care that racers need a safe spot for their sport. Putting homes next to a track is signing it's death.
We have lost so many motocross,drag, and circle tracks as well as thousands of farmers because of things like this.    Sadly tracks will loose because in the long term the homes will produce so much more income for the county/state.    5-1 tells me they have made up their minds and their may be some lots or something promised to those on the board.     We will do what we can sir.   Get the major media outlets involved in this.
Similar scenario with music venues in Montreal and Toronto getting shut down over noise complaints by new neighbours… best of luck I hope you guys succeed 👊
Cleetus this is a long shot but what would it take to buy the land from The investors? You know you have long list of subscribers, with extra money sitting around.
We got you cleet. Emails sent
U  and the track where there first  and  if this is an issue they should dpay for the fence
Can out of state people send emails also? Or will they not count?
This is 100% main channel content.
They’re trying to kill the sport.
Oh those houses will definitely hear that! We are about 5 miles from our local fairgrounds and every year we can hear the tractor pulls it’s great!💯
Cleetus , im behind you 10000% but the same thing happened to my local race track 😞 we fought for years and years but we got beated by some political bull crap and the police force was not on our side , pulling people over that were coming out of the race track , vandalism sponsored by political parties ect ... i really hope for you that you get a better outcome 😢
Just so I understand, even though I'm in washington state I can email them and it will impact it?
Stay logical, stay calm and keep informed. Your presentation was excellent. This comes from a municipal guy.
Email sent, lets save the race tracks!
Let the spam begin!
I'm glad there was something I could do from here in Arkansas
Portland international raceway has been dealing with this for years we must have mufflers and can only operate until 10pm limiting racing
im in oregon hope my email helps
They have money, they are buds, they create jobs, and blah blah. They really don't two fucks about you or anyone else. Just fight the good fight.
MAR in Wentzville, MO!!!  Killed the RR course and 20 years later the 1/4 mile. It has houses built all over it! Sucks!!
The city will sell back pocket sht  sux a bunch Ny nj karens will shut it down
A wall do nothing for that . I live 10 miles away from my local racetrack and I can hear clearly when the big class run.
Buy the land
They (new residents) always complain about the smell when they move next to the "Pig Farm". They (county officials) will side with who pays them the most money. Unfortunate all unfortunate.
Where's @whistlindiesel? He seems to be the master at getting the masses together.
Email sent!
I will for sure be sending an email. I live in VA and have watched the same thing happen next to Virginia Motorsports Park. Luckily the track is still alive and well but I know they get tons of complaints every year from the neighborhood that was built right next to it.
Enjoy 3 million emails city council.
Stuff the guvement
It's not like you have races every night! And guarantee they just mad you bought the track and are makeing a huge movement...... They are building right next to a race track wtf do they think. That's like building next to a trash dump and crying they smell trash.... Comeon wtf
The paved track I grew up watching my dad race at met this sad sad fate. I couldn't help but cry at the equipment auction. My husband and I will be sending emails from the midwest. Thank you for bringing this to our attention and asking for respectful help & support. 🏁
I wish you the best of luck clettus to bad you couldn't offer the developer enought money to purchase the land and make into a park.
This is like an ep of YELLOWSTONE
I think you need to get on the phone with some of/all of the connections you have in racing, the bigger the name is the better. I am talking anyone from any racetracks, owners, known people,. nascar people, anyone you can think of that's got a pretty big name. Call up Chastain, Atwood, Deegan, anyone you can think of thats known. I think that would be an added plus, and may make a big difference. Call up that guru watermelon wall rider, see if he will speak. I know even non sports people know who he is, that was on every local news channel in the country when he did that. Fly him in brother!! Lets go!! oh PS: maybe he can call up dale jr, he knows and has done all of that lost speedway stuff, is pretty much a historian when it comes to lost racetracks and knows how and why they went down, pull every chain you can think of. Got my mind spinning on this right now. Update: Copy and paste is your friend. I am old, blonde and blind in one eye, and i fired emails to each of them in the link in about 10 minutes, if i can do it so can everybody else. Lets Go!!  :)
I hope Cleetus's lawyer father helps them fight the good fight  Who has an in with DeSantis??
It's happened here in Texas to several world class tracks, good luck in fighting potential tax dollars.
If you lose the racetracks, you should put up affordable housing and trailer parks.
Watch that ladies' expressions while Cleeter talks. She know *exactly* what's going to happen, and she could not give a crap. She will be one of the first ones to apply for ordinances against the tracks! Good Luck Brothers, you will absolutely need it.
buy that land
what about buying some of that land next to the track, just secure it
You need to find a way to buy that land and never have to worry about noise again.
EVERYONE!!  CHANGE THE COMMAS BETWEEN THE EMAILS TO ; SEMICOLON I BELIEVE. THAT'S HOW YOU COPY/PASTE  SAVE THE FREEDOM FACTORY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ideal rezoning for land close to  racetracks, would be recreational spaces for communities to enjoy, sporting facilities, parkland, picnic facilities, open spaces that most cities end up loosing as developers look to make money off of other peoples lands. Second best is that which will have building structures to break up the noise, such as open-plan technology and industrial uses, with warehouse style buildings and corporate headquarters that are usually closed when racetracks are open for events.
People buy a house at the end of the runway, and complain about the noise.  Motor sports does not stand a chance.  Agenda2030 even in Florida.
City councils and zoning boards are a nightmare to deal with.
Brother, all you can do is tell the truth. If it's not meant to be then it's not meant to be but I'm here for you.   NOT the Manatee County board looking at all that delicious property taxes
Tell Whistlindiesel about this. He has his ways about gathering at a courthouse.
Wear a suit, next time, and take off your hat. Otherwise, Florida Man...
When I grew up there was a track we went to that was like yours not near anything. it was thriving and then a subdivision was built next to it.  All of the people started compiling about it and it had to shut down.  Was really sad.  Hope we can fight this!!
An email message was sent. I live in New Hampshire and have witnessed this over and over. Race Tracks, Airports, and Sportsmans Clubs have been attacked and shut down even though they were there 20 years before the development was built.
Those Californians have to go somewhere.
Mmmmm, makes me wonder whether the people you bought the freedom factory off knew of the intentions of these land owners well before anyone else, hence up for sale she goes? 😡
Cleetus I'm in the deployed over seas otherwise I'd be there instantly, I will be reaching out immediately.  If there is another session or another event later on again this action I will be there.  It's time to fight people
i just sent a email
just move 4000 racecar drivers into the homes
Need to make sure this makes the main channel so people who aren’t subscribed to this one can see it
Sent a little help from here!
and why do they even want to build this with all the global warming going on that people always complaining about ?
Ya that sucks, the county is definitely going to see the property tax dollars of 4,500 homes over two race tracks, on the bright side, it'll take time to build them homes and get people moved in, I'd say 5 years, at least your property will be worth more if you're forced to sell.
The stipulation shouldn't be a sound barrier it should be an understanding of the noise
Fuk housing developments!   We have too much housing as it is
Cletus why is this not on your main channel
Brother man you are going to have to fight and also pray that the developers aren’t in the politicians pockets like they are here in Maryland. Exact same thing happened to 75/80
Put this on the main channel as well and maybe get some other YouTuber friends to mention it or have a link to this video
Same as always people move into the area that has race tracks and bitch about the track…..I love Florida and will always be my home but these people moving here are ruining it, same issue with the swamp buggy track in Naples
Brother please put this on your main channel. This is just as important as Leroy going a 6 if not MORE important. Everybody needs to see this.
I hope this reaches you in time but if I was in your place I would treat as a Court of Law. Bring evidence of past examples of this killing race tracks (including how the sound dampening failed), I know this one will be hard but sworn testimony from ex track owners that lost their tracks because of the same situation, statistics of how the business helps the local community more than more housing. They may try to pass of your word as biased because you own it but it's hard, bit not impossible, to refuet cold hard facts.
Protect motor sports at all costs!
I got your back, Cleet.
This “call out” seems like something this guy I saw once, @whistlindiesel, would be into supporting.
This is EXACTLY the same shit that closed down Raceway Park in Englishtown NJ.  Urban sprawl started 4o yrs ago, and it was just matter of time.
This is basically what happened to Laguna Seca as well. A Race track that has existed for years has assholes build their housing developments right next to the track or Tracks and then complain about the noise level.
I wonder if Cleetus knows that we want him to put this on the main channel?
I’m sorry,  your and many of your teams hearts are fully into your track.  However, sadly I don’t think you can beat big money developers and 4000 more full time residents.  I will definitely reach out and oppose this effort I want nothing more than for you to succeed!
I’m in nj but I will definitely be emailing these fks
Jesus Garrett why didn't you pull the friend card with Cody to get MonsterMax2 public unveiled at the courthouae
Same thing happened to a great drag strip in New Jersey called Raceway Park. It’s now just a ghost town and used as a massive parking lot for car dealerships, very sad to see all that history and great memories go to waste
NOT GOOD !!!! FFS, can we have nothing in life without it being taken away !!!!!!!!!
Put this on the main channel!!!!!
Agreeing with other comments you need to spread this on all your social platforms. You've got an enormous following. But we gotta go about it properly
I am flying in from Vegas for you brother
Build the Wall Waste the Money You won't stop the Freedom Factory
They're not going to let this ever die down all them people moving to Florida from California they need places to live all them liberals are going to come in there and take it over
Unfortunately, this wont end well. I live near PIR (Portland International Raceway), the track's been there since the 50's. Its this close - - to getting shut down for good. It doesn't help the Governor is a hard left radical, green maniac lib. Anyways, they've set up a concrete time when cars can run, 8am and a hard stop at 6pm.. (not all days are equal) or maybe its 7. Take it or leave it.... Well it doesn't do any good, all the nimby homeowners less then a half mile from the track, all have db meters. The city even allowed them to errect a high end db reader up on a pre-existing city pole. Then they got the media on their side - and it soon will be toast. I've been in and around that track for over 3 decades. Its days are numbered. A WALL / fence or whatever they call it at the FF, wont matter. If they can hear one muffler - they'll rally all the neighbors and have them sign a complaint and then march to the city with singatures and pick forks in hand. This wont end well in Bradenton. Sorry to be a debbie downer - but in todays society, if a gas burning car is evil and is gonna cause the earth to set a blaze, a race track is x100 more sinister. Take care.
Give them a hell no brother
Good luck. I am sure you know of Byron Dragway in Byron Illinois. They went through this ish years ago when they decided to build around it. Crybaby owners always get their way. It is still running today and doing good but the amount of restrictions they have is insane considering they were there before any homes ever were even a thought. fight it with all you got man!!!
Buy that swampland and turn it into the BEST JETBOAT TRACK IN THE NATION!
Good luck from the UK 👍
I think everyone forgets that Garrett was going to school to be a lawyer before his youtube took off
Can people from Canada email in? Would love to support but I don't live in the U.S.
Homes equal tax revenue  Good luck
Mannnnn u wish I was there in person. Im from baldwinsville ny so there is no way to make it on time but mark my word I will do the EMAILS
We got your back from maryland
shit if i didnt live in Alaska i would totally come.
I HATE developers. They are destroying everything. We’re dealing with this exact same thing with airports. This goes beyond standing up for racing. So sick of this exact same thing. Yea there developing all the farms because greed has sourced out our farming so we get poison food from halfway across the globe. I’m so fking fired up over this. Fk these liberals that want to move near a track or airport then cry about the noise just to shut these facilities down.
Can't make it from Kansas but email sent.
Buy the land ….. Call uncle Chet
Sorry to say but if Laguna Seca and numerous other tracks can get houses built next to them and then either get closed down or serious restrictions (laguna seca) then you have no chance.  You will eventually have to do what the No. California SCCA did which is just close their track and move to the middle of nowhere 3 hours north of San Francisco.   Housing is in demand and even though the people moved to the nuisance they will force the local gov to shut you down or restrict when you can use the track.  Start planning now.
Everythings for sale in America, its sick what this countries becoming. THey wont stop until all land is shitty apartments.
That’s what happened with Rocky Mountain raceway. Got shut down for homes being built by it and they complained about an so it had to be shut down
There’s only one man for this job….WD
This would also hamper shenanigans  at the Mcfarland fab shop!!! Best of luck to the Freedom Factory and BMP.
once upon a time at maryland international raceway you could pretty much run all night until wicomico shores neighborhood popped up now nothing past midnight same thing for bandimere speedway in colorado .....nimby is the ruination of all tracks in this day and age its sad really
Immediately sending an email now. Hope all goes well. Praying for your success ✨
Just talk to Justin with Street Car Takeover he should be able to tell you first hand this is exactly how KCIR here in Kansas City got closed. This is a no good deal for sure and I feel for you brother!
Assuming only US Residents can email? Would be interesting to get a bunch of international responses too :)
Email sent.
Will this be enough on the property taxes the county is probably already banking on
Your gonna loose this fight these people will funnel so much money to the people makeing the decision you'll never be able to stop it
This exact thing is what closed et motor park in Arizona. People started moving in close and complained. They shut it down. Within a year. I've been going there since i was a kid and I started taking my kids there to make those same great memories with racing, sand drags, mud bogs, Supercross and circle dirt track racing. All that is now gone because of homes being built within 2 miles of the track.
Advice to anyone who decides to buy a piece of crap prefabricated crackcker jack box midlife crisis of a home next to a race track: DONT! Leave us car nuts alone. Get an apartment in the suburbs like the rest of the boomers.
Can you post this somewhere mobile users can copy the description youtube is fighting. I can't copy anything in the description
Emails have been sent!
Save the farm land, someone buy the land
Just emailed
Neighborhoods are for sure the death of racetracks. Whipcity and orange drag way up here are a thing of the past for the same reason.
Those so called sound walls make it louder for the people a block away! I'm two blocks from the freeway and it's louder now that they put up a wall!
I'm out of state but I just sent it in. Hopefully, it helps!
Didn't you go to law school?
This is ridiculous bud. I understand the issues your going through. Its happening all over the country right now.  Why is it that they can get their way with adding homes n businesses. But not the same treatment for folks such as yourself.   My thought... How big are your pockets? 🤣 I was thinking say screw it and buy the land from em. I know thats millions of dollars and you arent able to, but gosh that would be ideal. Are people who dont live in florida able to email and such to help?
I along with others recommend something is put on the main channel as well. Also I will be more than happy to send an email being that I live like 24 hours from the freedom factory. In terms of name and address I am guessing that it just hast to be in there, or if there is a more formal way of putting it, that may help.  also just sent the email.
I'll be emailing my opposition tomorrow morning.
Where do I sign up and help. If Whistling Diesel can get  a huge crowd why cannot Cleetus to help out... Let's gooo
Just emailed every one of them! Unfortunately I was as respectful as possible, though I'm not sure they deserved it!
Will emailing them from an address outside of manatee county/ bradenton Florida help in any way? More so do you need to be a resident to have a say
Spoiler alert, they want the racetracks to die.
Man.... this project is so stupid for all the reasons you say in the video. I hope it will be abandonned. Best of luck ! cheers from Canada
Do you have to be a US citizen/resident in order to oppose? I'm sure your overseas supporters (like me) would happily contribute our objections if they are valid.
They won't reject more property taxes.
The fact is nothing you can say will change anything. Politicians do what they do. The people that make the rules are also the people that are investing in the these projects. That is how these public servants become multi millionaires while making 150k a year. INSIDER TRADING!!! Houston, Atlanta, Seattle is next. Jackholes move in and they know exactly what they are doing. Bitch and moan about it for a few years and force out tracks. Idiots!
How does this work with none us residents? As i know the uk will dismissed any views from outside of the country
The county knows exactly how much your racetrack makes(obviously) but just 20 single family houses would bring in a crap ton more. Think about car registration, property taxes(or income), on and on and on.  It’s not a matter of if but when will the track succumb to the pressure.  And they’re talking about thousands of homes!? It’s all over but the crying.
Maybe say something about converting it from agriculture to wetland or protected land instead.
Time for everyone to dig out their suits and show some support :D
you have my email sent brother! wish i could make it but i live in GA
Not gonna lie this sounds like a bad idea, pls be respectful
Shutting down tracks will result in a "MASSIVE" amount of street racing
This is how killdozers are created. Government is the enemy of the people.
Dress up a little man, it’ll go a long way
Emails sent my friend! Put up a good fight and do it for Dale 👍
US residents only?
Emailed and video shared to Facebook. Wish I could drive down there and help in person.
That is horrible. There used to be two racetracks near my home where this occurred, one is gone completely now, the second is hanging on by a thread. I sent my email to them to try and help out Cleetus.
The answer is simple... YOU NEED TO BUY THIS LAND FROM THEM...!!!  GO TALK TO THE OWNERS AND MAKE AN OFFER.
What needs to be in the subject of the email, also guys I just took a screen shot then used the text tool to copy everything and pull it out.
Invite DeSantis to the next event
As if fighting for our constitutional wasn't enough, this crap is happening. We're close to losing our historic dragstrip, Kansas International Dragway, for the same reasons. Many others are on the chopping block and much have fallen. Legendary engine builder & performance guru, Ed Pink Racing Engines is being forced to move from the place his shop started in the 60's. To be forever erased for a parking lot....  Step it up boys, save our motorsports!
Email has been sent!! Love live the Freedom Factory!
put this on main channel not as many people will see this
Can someone pinned a comment with all the emails, when I'm using my phone I can't copy and paste and I don't want to sit there and you have to type all that in there, call me weird but someone make a little bit easier for me?
Cleetus it may be worth consulting a land use or zoning attorney, provided they are not ridiculously expensive.
Just buy the homes closest to the track and use them as a track side Air BnB. EZ Clap
This happened in Avilla Indiana, it's been gone for years for same reasons. Shame to have lost it. Good luck brother. I will email
Email sent bud. We have a local track here in town, and I see this struggle all the time. Gotta keep the ones open that we can!!!
Basically you got a bunch of liberals that are going to put you out of businessand there isn’t  a damn thing you’re gonna do about it
I would love to see the faces of these people tomorrow morning when they open their email inbox lol
I built a house in 1989 that was near a small private airport.  I liked it, we were close enough that the planes would be pretty low coming over the sub by the time they got to our house when landing and taking off.  Sure enough, while we lived there some people started to complain and wanted the airport shut down…….like it wasn’t there when they built.  Not sure exactly how it went but to my amazement the airport is still there!😳
Oh man . imagine 1000 hot rods showing up to show their support
I don’t understand how new home owners complaining could get a race track shut down! Especially when the race track was there first. If they want to build homes go for it, if you decide to move into those homes go for it, but the government should not be able to shut down a business that has been there before the homes were even devolved.
I may give you grief about your driving style but here in Huntsville Alabama I'm sure you've been to the track we have the same problem and the people were asked to sign before they bought the house near the strip but it has had a real bad effect on the drag strip so I support this 100%
Doing gods work Garret❤❤❤
Put that almost JD to work Cleet
Uncle Chet needs to buy the land and keep it as an investment and not develop it
I GUARANTEE they WILL hear all the race cars! I live about 2+ miles diagonally from a 4/10 of a mile dirt oval track on the OPPOSITE side of a major freeway and I can hear the race cars INSIDE my house with all the windows CLOSED. I knew the track was there and since I'm a gearhead,  I think it's awesome hearing the V8 cars run. The 4 bangers, not so much. I have people building a house next to me and they say they can hear the race cars in town which is another nearly 4 MILES from me. No 25' fence or even a solid wall is going to stop that sound. Bass is non directional and all V8s are very loud and deep so even with a wall, the vibrations will be heard/felt.
Kikare in dayton ohio went through this same noise issue...fuckin karens
Email sent
By the time you've seen this coming , the deal was already done behind closed doors.
Prime example. Houston raceway park other than the fact its a warehouse business buying it put. As of april 4 th hrp is history . Gonna effect alit of people around it.
Cant be there thursday but I have sent them an email on how this is a bad idea.
Can you buy up some buffer land?
If this does end up getting passed, start a fundraiser to buy as much of that land as you can.
Money talks, morals walk. This is a big money project and they WILL pay off any government officials to make it happen. Put these officials on blast immediately and start working to have them removed.
Sent the email for you Cleet. Your the man you got my support
Cleet, this needs to hit the main channel
I check on flood plane that area was under water when hurricane come thru
Main channel cleet please!!!
I support you… Them race tracks are one of the main reasons why I want to move to Bradenton. Like you and  James. I want to be close to all the action. I will see about emailing those commissioners tomorrow from work.
Email sent..thanks brother
GET IT DEAMED 'HISTORICAL LANDMARK'!  If it helps 👍
Our local track got shut down because of development.  Fight like hell.  Ask Greg Biffle what happened to Tri-City Raceway in WA state.
What a bunch of crap. 7:03
Sounds like Cleeter needs to get a buddy on the planning commission!
Sounds like we need to raise some money to buy the property for the jet boat courses, offload tracks, cleeter airport, and stadium truck track 😀
I wish you the best of luck man.
We need to reach out to every youtuber who's ever spent time racing and enjoying the Freedom Factory and Bradenton to spread the word and get more and more emails fired off to the commissioners.
We all say we support the cause now let's see if we can prove it
i might be from the uk and the emails might not work but i did it anyway just in case it somehow help from the uk
sent hope it helps
DONE
Main channel!!
Unbelievable.
This is very concerning. Hopefully you guys come out on top
I want to die. This country is so fucked.
Don’t tell them a 25’ fence won’t do it, they will make you build a 100’ fence and still force you to close.
This needs to go on the main channel, i get the worry of trolls. But you need maximum publicity, end it before it gets to bad
I'm with you cleetus
I seen so many dragstrips here in Texas gets killed because of things of this nature.
Best of luck y'all from Knoxville Iowa! I am pulling for ya!I live 4 blocks from the fastest half mile dirt track in the world! Love that sound! DON"T KILL THE RACE TRACKS AND DRAG STRIPS EVER!
Email sent my man💪🏻
I think you might want to get whistlin diesel Involved on this one.
They shutdown my childhood racetrack because it made too much noise, this track brought the top series in dirt racing to Oklahoma. I'm not letting some commercial business ruin our racetracks
Save the race tracks
gotta buy most of the land lol
Emailed them all. Go Cleet!
They do the same thing to rod and gun clubs/ gun ranges
We must protect the freedom
Cleetus about to blow up their emails
Hit up whistlen diesel he will get you a ton of people as well
Cleetus needs a 100 year legal guarantee that the ff and motor sports park will never have to be moved. Much support from Australia brother 🇦🇺
Get Whistling down here
I'm so sick of the mass migration to Florida.  What used to be a 5 minute drive now takes 20+.   Every inch of land a house is being built upon, if there is a tree, it will be cut down.  Stop moving here and fix your own state.
I'd love to help y'all out but since I'm in Commiefornia, I'm not sure I can. I will be praying though.
Sounds to me like this should have been shut down long before it even got drawn out for consideration. Doesn't make alot of sense to build a housing development right next to a race track. Kinda like building a development in flood plains. Seen that happen many times over the years, guess what happens.
Sounds like some farm land needs to be bought. Looks like a good place for a jet sprint track.
We’ve lost several MX tracks and ohv parks because of this same crap. People build their houses next to a racetrack and then get mad that there’s a racetrack next door. Good luck.
You should get whistlindiesel involved. He can get a lot of people to support you.
Let's go boys! SAVE THE RACE TRACKS 🏁  🇺🇸
Buy that land too lol
I live up in Duval County Florida...can i sign this as well?
I hope everyone who try’s to help has the same ambition when the epa comes around!!!!
This is also how small airports get shut down - Do you have any pilots or aero content creators you can get involved? FL is a hot bed for the aviation community.
defund the epa
dude. put them lawyer skills to work.  😆 ... stay positive ✨️ 🙏
Emailed from Michigan. Good luck Cleeter and Freedom Factory
DONE my friend. Via email as I am from Australia.
Man I would hate to see such great tracks get killed like all the others
Put up billboards the size of that 25 foot high wall.. and everywhere else. Newspapers, Radio.. let everyone know!
Get whistling diesel down there he will have 10 million people there telling them not to do it
This will probably crash their email servers. Also a prime opportunity for people to move to Florida and buy a house next to the Freedom Factory.
Hey good job and you kept it classy.
It's not going to take much money for the developer to 'convince' the local council to approve this. Best I can see happening is changing how the approval is made. Park land and green belt setback along with the fence may reduce the inevitable noise complaints.
EMAIL! EMAIL! EMAIL! WE HAVE TO SAVE THIS TRACK
Manatee county is f’d lol
From Canada but sent an email anyways racing is a huge stress reliever for much of us
I wish I could help more but as a UK citizen there ain't much I can do. It might be worth finding out who the developer is, who their lawyers are and see what sort of history they've got with opposed planning. there may be clues to ways you can change people's minds, it's amazing what a carefully written letter or 'chance' conversation with the right person can do.....
God I wish I lived there, I would be there in a heartbeat to help fight this!!!
If FF and BMP get shut down then the terrorists win. Some tell Ron to step in.
Put this on the main channel please!!!!
once the house are made , they re going to say mehhhhhhhhhhh the cars are louds , and here we go again , now cars are banned from the track -_-
There’s already to many houses out there, that bogus. Gonna fight for the mofo tracks
Have uncle Chet there.
you didnt go to law school for nothing brother SHUT THEM DOWN!
Should get this on the main channel!
This is definitely main page type stuff
I emailed them all the way from NY. I let them know that a local track had the same problem in our area and I did not want it to happend to such a bad ass track in there area. ❤❤❤❤
I came all the way from Michigan to come to a cleetus and cars. ( When you crashed toast) awesome show I will be home back hopefully. Also my picture on Google that I posted has over a 150k views.
emails are out, I wish I could come in person and give my support. wait.... Maybe I will buy some Christmas tree drag tickets and fly down!
I wonder how much more that land is worth if they get the switch? I also wonder what a full audit of the people voting 5:1 would turn up. If you put in an application to build a track that close to homes it would be thrown out immediately on the exact grounds they are trying to say a fence will prevent. It can't work both ways.
Same as everyone else is saying: put this on thr main channel. Way more people on there than on this channel. Granted not every subscriber sees every video or would say something, but 500k vs 3 million...
They can move elsewhere, the tracks can't lmao
we need this
Realistically you need to get some professional lobbying support. Heartfelt speeches won't go very far, normal people and especially politicians who have never been to a racetrack in their life will not care about a racetrack closing to make 4500 new property tax paying homes.
Email sent out from Montana.. hell yeah brother.
Call WD and demo. Buy it.
why isn't this on the main channel?
the builders should pay for it, they need to realise people still need to eat , to these citys it's just money they are after tax money
E-mail sent with my Name, Address and Phone Number.
needs to be on the main channel too man! this isnt b rate news.
Look at that smug ass woman sitting behind him. THAT IS A KAREN!
Arizona is going through this as well .... Wildhorse Pass Raceway will be shut down after March 2023's NHRA nationals for good so some development can go there....same thing just happened to Canyon raceway...local dirt oval, shut down. We lost Phoenix Raceway park years ago as well.....that was partially different than this, but homes still played a part in it shutting down. We will get people complaining about people racing on the streets after wild horse Pass shuts down, but they won't think anything about it cuz they didn't do anything wrong. No they just shut down a whole complex took away multiple different jobs and don't think about that kind of impact on the area as well, loss of revenue and people losing jobs homes who knows what.
Not being a resident of Florida, could I still email and appose this?
That’s crazy that they can force you out. Murica damnit!
100 % correct just look at Englishtown NJ. It was one of the biggest pro tracks on the east coast
Garrett I strongly suggest you put this on the main channel as your legal counsel
Man what a massive brake check on that 30 year plan you had.  While I cannot make it down in person but you can sure count on emails being sent out. Best of luck getting desired outcome.  Other wise getting racers to buy up the properties.
Cleetus, if you could get a decibel reader where the proposed housing would be, and get some cars down the strip, you could bring hard proof of the noise. If this does go through I would definitely expect the freedom factory and bradenton motorsports park to get lots of complaints. But please try to bring videos and hard proof as to why this development would be an issue. I would also post this to the main channel and spread some more awareness. As a Florida native we need to keep racetracks alive. I've seen this happen to municipal airports as well, people move in and complain, the airport gets shut down. It's classic.
Opposed from Canada! let's go y'all 🤘
Good luck
Corruption at its finest. Never count on gov't crooks to do the right thing. I suggest finding out which legislators stand to profit and expose them. Fight fire with fire 🔥🔥🔥
First I saw was Ascot in Gardena Was built in an industrial area  Decades later houses were built across the street
Everybody should show up with there race week cars.
I wish you luck Cleetus but the deck is stacked against you. Those county commissioners will be looking a the 13+ million dollar tax revenue that this project will create and that's all. Like you said, this has happened over and over again all across the country.Your only saving grace is that you may be looking at an issue that's 8 plus years out. Best wishes! And I will be emailing!
They get their way every time sad as fuck
If a lot of people show up they will cancel meeting and reschedule it a few times to deter people from going.
By the looks of that map wouldn’t that involve them trying to buy your shop also ?
Oh man they are going to hate you!    Manatee county email and social is going to be useless for the next few days
Done and sent showing my love and support to the places that bring me joy and wonders
My home track is laguna seca. Has a sound limit if 94db
My local drag strip closed a couple years ago for this same reason!! I can't make it in person but the emails have been sent!
He'll yeah brother I do hope tht gets stopped I don't wana see ether race tracks dissappear great content happen at both locations
Block it if you can. Laguna seca is a perfect example of this
Politics ruins everything. Government ruins everything.
Yo post this on the main! Everyone needs to see this.
100% post this on the main channel
Dude I wish I could fly out and appose for you
And they wonder why street racing is going up stop shutting down our tracks
Go get 'em. Prayers from Oklahoma
You need Whistlin Diesel
Sent my email! BMP and the freedom factory have given me so many amazing memories and experiences, let’s protect these sacred places to so many of us! SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL TRACK 🤘🏻 In person people please be respectful and responsible, let’s not make the car community look bad
Put it on the main channel and contact everyone else you know who uses the race track and drag strip who has a YouTube channel and ask them to do the same get the word out.
Email sent brother
Wear a suit instead of T-shirt when you speak in front of the board.
You need more quantitative facts when you make your points. "We have lots of people!" How many? Every time you make a point, give evidence to that point. It would be great to bring in a presentation where you show the community impact you have with the numbers.
My brother this is unfortunately the future outlook for all of Florida, there is no more race tracks in my area, the cow pastures and orange groves are now all Yankee subdivisions. It is a sad day. I wish y'all the best over there on the west coast
Put it on main channel
Hire a lawyer. Racing may need to be put on hold for a while. Tweet at GovRonDeSantis.
put it on the main channel
The motorsport park near me had a state law created to protect itself against noise complaints etc, knowing that some other major tracks in Aus are on the brink of shutting because of it
Sent my email bro. Stay Strong!
Emails sent praying to the future of the track
Email just sent to them all from Australia Cleet - Good Luck!
This is scary they shut down riverside raceway, down the street from me in Moreno Valley California for the same reason ...
Buy the land !!
Brother! Share this on the main channel! It needs to be seen. I live in Florida about 30 min from OSW and will do anything I can to help.
All these contractors do is buy massive amounts of land and build more houses than thats needed for the area . they congest the area and ruin businesses like yours from surviving , and the politicians turn their heads because more money in their pockets . Plus taking away an agriculture setting makes it worst for the planet . Ban the builders from buying up land to profit and walk away to their million dollar homes where they don't live near the race tracks that they put unknowing people by .
Emailed & shared!
Cleet, hit up the Local Law Enforcement and have them show how Ilegal Street Racing has gone down since you opened the track.
As someone who isn’t a resident to the area idk if they will take my statement to any grounds. I sent an email regardless and I hope this gets voted down to save the tracks.
It all boils down to money and who has the most wins.  In this case, developers along with the city of Bradenton are trying to put you and the drag strip out of business so they can purchase that property for residential (tax base) development.  What's the old saying, "you can't fight city hall" is so true in these times.  Good luck Garrett, you're going to need it mate.
This has to be uploaded to the main channel bro. The freedom factory needs to live on.
Sorry Cleeter but as the old saying goes  " Your are Done"  ,  The powers that be only see tax dollars  the heck with what makes sense .  I have seen it happen here where I live development is out of control . The road I live is is two lanes and they are approving huge subdivisions all up and down the road with no fore thought as to how the traffic and other infrastructure  is going to be managed,  Your only hope is if someone could buy a large buffer of the property in question to protect the race tracks.  Good luck, I hope it goes your way.
Email sent I wish you the best outcome in this. Planning a residential community right next to a thriving race track is a horrible idea!
this saddens me because this exact thing happened to a local dirt track, a housing development moved in, Karen's complained and now there is no more track.
I'm sorry to see this happening. It really stinks
shit im about to fly down from michigan.   please main channel this, it is very important.
WTF....
Come on let’s support cleeter show up
best speech ever!!! track was there first!! like you said tracks were moved out of towns to where to are decades ago. noiw they are moving houses around a track .. shows how stupid government is today!!
If they dont want to hear it dont move next to it..
And they wonder why we street race. This government I'd fucked up!!
Cleetus. All the town cares about is tax revenue. They dont care people have a safe place to race and have fun.
Email sent!
Stuff like this is how tracks like the old Sunset Speedway outside of Omaha were killed. Urban sprawl got close to the track and the people who moved in complained about traffic and noise...knowing that the track had been there for decades! Please fight this as hard as you can Cleatus...this WILL kill the Freedom Factory and the dragstrip!!
How can it be legal for them to change a zoning that will very surely destroy a business does that not make them responsible for that business and all the losses ?
You cannot stop low income housing developers. If these are habitat for humanity homes they will bring lawyers from the ninth gate of hell. I want you to win. Good luck Cleet.
Such bullshit
Email sent from PHX AZ!
Email sent, goodluck brother. This is your life, your passion. You and your team put your heart and soul into everything you do and share as much as possible with us. This is the least us viewers can do, we are strong in numbers.
They got rid of Lakeland mudhole and drag strip because of new home development....funny thing is they build Amazon warehouses there. Still noisy, still bad for environment...just paid the local gov millions.
well, at least you guys got in there before the HOA goes up so no having to deal with their rules lol
How much is the land?
anyone within an hours drive needs to show up. this needs a massive response guys. emails help, but a massive crowd makes the bureaucracies nervous. this needs to happen
Liberals want their cut
Good luck man. My favorite sport motocross has been almost killed off in my home state because of this exact reason. We have tracks way out in the middle of nowhere and somebody will come out and build a neighborhood or a church right next to it and get it closed down. Also the sound won’t be the last thing that they come after you for. It will be the dust, it will be the fumes, it will be literally anything that they can point a finger at, sadly.
keep voting Republicans,, they want to destroy culture of racing..
4500 homes? I bet if this was up on the main channel, they'd get at least 4500 emails..
Done and done. Anything for my man Garrett.
Do a main channel story. Get the whole industry behind you. This is a big deal, Cleet.  Also, I think you can take this to the state. They may side with you given celebrity, tourism all you guys and these tracks bring.
Same thing here. They built next to the track and then the home owners bitched about the noise of the races in their backyard.
Cletus, find out what the loans state for that development and disrupt timeframe payouts with setbacks if you can.  sue over every small thing and make the bankers backout.  it works.
Literally started typing an email to them as I finished the video. I so wish I could be there Thursday but for the folks that are gonna be there…hell yea brother!
It’s all about property tax!!  They want the income from the property tax. The track is small change to them. The homes are big revenue
My parents live miles from a drag strip and you can hear it plain as day. those houses are way closer it would be loud no matter the wall. My email has been sent from Calhoun Ga! Keep up the good work!!
It's sad but the track is already closed 😔
Plot twist, let's all build sweet shouses (huge shops with small living quarters) bordering all around the tracks.
This needs to hit the main channel asap. Use your entire platform to your advantage
It is money.  Add up the cost off rebuilding the track and ask that if this goes forward, they be forced to fund moving the racetrack.  If their profits are not going to be enough to move the racetrack, then their project is bankrupt.  The city should not let them ignore those costs.
Well guess it's time to buy 2700 acres!! Victor? Cleeter? Lol. Put a boat track on it!!! Idk!!
Fight for OUR RACING FREEDOM!!!! GO CLEETUS those homes can move across town
Yep killed tulsa speedway
Damn my I know what you mean no fence is goin to do anything I love 5 miles from the drag strip by my house I hear them all the time and I love but other ppl hate it hope it works out will sent email
Garrett, I use to belong to a gun club that was established in the 1920's. It was built on farm land and the traffic traveled on a two lane road.  In the 1980's some of the farm land was sold to housing development, though it was mixed condos and single family homes. The smartest thing the club did was posted the road with huge permanent signs stating if you don't like the sound of gunfire, don't think about moving here. Over the years, the club has been sued a dozen times, they've lost every case and the club recovered legal fees.  Get the signs up, NOW. Make as much noise as possible right up to curfew time. Don't have set times for the noise.   What are the developers going to do with all the water that in the area? I recall all of that farm land flooding every time you get a heavy rain. Force them to have a traffic survey. Make this effort as expensive as possible.
Email sent, buddy
@whistlindiesel needs to be involved
I'm Canadian how can i help
Can  you talk to the developer in making that section of homes a country club section?
This needs to be on the main channel of every channel that races there
I agree that this is exactly how tracks get closed. They closed my local dirt track because of noise after a subdivision was built on adjacent property. It was in Cherokee N.C.
I wish you luck brother!
There was a 1/8 mile drag strip and a dirt circle track in Avilla Indiana it was closed in the late 90s because the built a housing addition beside it.  I wish you the best of luck keeping the freedom factory open
Get all the big name guys to come help you as well man
Too late. Needed to be in Tuesday by 2 pm
Unreal, seams like always opposition at that successful moment, praying for a breakthrough!
Holly wow we got to help Garrett with this big problem guys. I would send an email but I'm Canadian and I don't think me doing that would help. So this is up to all of you residents of the USA. I know this is a bad move I just Sean this happening somewhere down there not long ago. It's just like Garrett said the noise complaints would not stop no matter what time of day it was. Need to make them sign a contract if it's to noisy for them they move away the house and leave the lots empty. Need to bring up examples of where this has happened in the past to show them it doesn't work. Or take all of them city council people to that land when there's races going on to show them its not going to work. That's why it's put where it is at now.. especially when the blower cars are making their rips.
Move it to the main channel... needs as much traction as possible this is your life.
We got your back Garrett! For you, for racing, and for America!
Fight fight fight
Rule no. 1. Do not put ads on a video to help you
Unfortunately no matter how much you oppose or how much you fight it it's pretty much it done deal the county is going to look at the tax money they receive if it's Farmland now they only receive a tenth of what they can get from a Housing Development. That housing development of $4,700 houses even if they only charge $2,000 a year per home think about that you're on a Pathway to lose no matter how many people show up and no matter how many it's a done deal that's why they passed it on to the next Department they want the tax revenue they could care less about you or your race track! The only possible way you're going to keep that track is if you can get a provision for an easement that says they have to a distance from your property line or the track surface but honestly cut your losses man find another track before you lose it and it ain't worth anything
Yo @whistlindiesel where are you and the mob at? Lol
Can Canadians help too???
dude, you are battling the final KAREN boss! emails sent, and lets beat the Karens!
Let's get em
hopefully everyone behaves
Can't make it in person but ill send an email for ya. This is intended to let you die, you made an incredibly valid point of urban planning already being done to distance the track. Let's go Brother's, bombard these emails (legit of course), and overpack that meeting. We got this together.
Emailed
we had a local motocross track closed down due to a karen that moved in, complained till the track was shut down... then moved out. people like that shouldnt be allowed to exist. my kids didnt get the chance to grow up with a track lifestyle because of her and the next closest track being too far away.
Florida used to be swamp land now they wanna stack house in like sardines.
Garrett going full blown lawyer, get em! Alamo city motorplex/San Antonio Raceway also shutdown.  Put up a fight and save the race tracks and race cars!
They can’t shut the tracks down they are used as businesses not our fault all the Karen’s don’t have race cars and y’all own all that property they can’t take what’s yours just buy the land
Just sent my email support brother!!!
I sent an email, i hope things go well on thursday this would be devastating to many if approved and I appreciate the video as a fan not of the area i would have never known otherwise
Check the bank accounts of those on the county board. Bet they have newly acquired cash flow from 'donated' entities.
This needs to be on the main channel
If it passes you better just start buying lots is all I can say.
Hi Cletus this is Jerry capping we went through this in Minnesota with Elko Speedway they built a bunch of new houses behind the racetrack and they were trying to have the track shut down because of the noise what the track did is they went forward they contacted an attorney since the track was built there before they built the homes they allowed the track to be grandfathered in place and the people that moved into the home can't do anything about it and that may be the way that you can stop this from happening good luck Merry Christmas and have a happy New Year best wishes Jerry
Ohh my friend...I am sad.. one question?  Who are you paying and how much?  If you aren't bribing politicians you ain't going to win..sry but thats MERICA 😔ty Reagan
Cleeter Army unite. Sending my email from Illinois. Respectfully.....
Do we have to be from Brandington to send an email to the people in the description?
Everyone better show up to that I can’t lose the freedom factory
Emails sent.  Please post on the main channel.  Not everyone subs to this channel.
Bad news.  It is definitely the case.  I grew up by Laguna Seca and loved the track.  Noise didn’t bother us.  Then they developed closer to the track and now there is noise restrictions for cars there.  Homes by tracks is bad news.  Fight the good fight to save the track.
If you don't want to hear race cars, DONT BUILD YOUR FUCKING HOUSE NEXT TO A RACETRACK! I mean, use your brains, developers!
Should buy Bristol 🤔
This is how airports die too…
This needs traction
Their is no way people wont hear the track... I grew up in rapid city SD, Out in rapid valley. I was around 20 blocks away from the dirt track out their, used too love hearing it. It was literally right next too my elementary school. Damn Neighborhood just sprung up around  the track. We can't let them ruin the FF...
Fight them at ever angle because ultimately they will come after your track, come after car culture, and try to shut down BMP and The FF Factory. There is a war on gas and diesel and that Def includes race cars and car culture
Go on main channel
Put this on the main channel!!
Lapeer dragway here in lapeer, mi is having this problem right now. The county board almost closed down the track. It was saved for now by the dragway bought connexs and stacked them 3 high all down the strip
These counties and builders are killing Florida. I grew up in Osceola county and it is so crowded now it takes you an hour to go anywhere. You couldn’t give me a house to move back there. All these builders make millions and then move on.
Get some other Youtubers to post this  lets get some serious numbers going. Good luck from Australia
I see this for the noise as an issue, true.  I also see concerns for access to any incident on the track, plus fuel spills (lord forbid). Loud PA's and lots of additional traffic.
You spoke very well against the board, This is why history is dying out, All these people care about is money
Hoping they get this all straightened out. This is why racetracks all over America are dying everyday. Save our racetracks!
Sending an email now.
Just another way big money shelving out the Common Man I hope this all works out for you
I live just under 3 miles from a track and every Saturday night, you can hear it.  There's no effective way to curb that sound.
Love from Seattle. Emails sent.
Can I send that email in even if I don’t live in Florida?
PLEASE PUT THIS ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL. I sent the email to every email listed below and i have several people i know also send the email. from MASSACHUSETTS your support is limitless
Main channel Cleet!!! Everybody needs to see this, and I think they all would appreciate it even if it's not "correct" content for that channel. Good luck bud
Lets do this, send those emails.
Cleetus has the Dutton Ranch of racing
Go John Dutton on their asses!
guess tou gotta buy 1000 acres
You cannot stop progression. What You can do is divide your land sell it off and take the money and build a new track further away and you'll be safe for 50 years. Just because your track was there 1st does that mean no one else can do anything with their land.  I'm sure the housing would provide enough money for the community over all than your Race track. Come on don't be a hater
email sent brother. I can't be there but I want to help in any way I can
Another comment here to be on the main channel!
Done! Copied my email and sent to all friends and they sent their own as well. We won’t stand for this.
Also such as Oklahoma If the Drag strips and race tracks die the racers will be racing on the streets of Bradenton putting the public at risk. The tracks give racers a controlled environment to race.
Nothing posted on either of your IG accounts???
Put this on the main channel!
Unfortunately the people that approve these kinds of developments are always in the pockets of the developers, either with favours or $$ having said that I hope you manage to get this resolved, this kind of thing makes my blood boil
Sent! Will do all I can to help support!! LONG LIFE THE FREEDOM FACTORY!
They need to mandate a large buffer zone between the project and the tracks.   Because, unfortunately, these projects always get approved in Florida unless endangered wildlife will be threatened.  Need to go find some gopher tortoises and burrowing owls on that land.
Sorry bud, you're done
That’s bullshit. Also I’m going to be moving to oclawaha I’m a few yrs and I really Wanted to make the hr of so drive and start attending his races. I will be pissed
We need to get every youtuber that was in any of the freedom 500, etc in on this the more youtubers post this. The more views the better!!
Does it matter if you live out of state can I still email or do I have to be a resident
Call in a diesel Dave connection main channel this cleeter
Thats an uphill battle cleeter
Get this on the main channel cleet we need everyone to see this
Sending email now. This has happened twice near me. 😡
Bandimere speedway struggles from this also. Also our natural amphitheater at Red Rocks in Colorado.
Done brother 👌👌👌
Bro seriously, this needs to be mentioned on the main channel. I have already emailed them I really hope we can all save the tracks.
That’s exactly how we lost the drag strip in KC. Hope it goes your way!
This is what Karen's live for. Sure a 25' insulated wall like next to the interstate helps. But like Cleeter said, you'll still hear it, plus the smoke. 4500 homes in one development! That's an HOA from hell.
main channel this, emailing now
Poman Ca. Fontana Ca.  So sad
Your going to have to give true and verifiable accurate numbers. This housing development will give the county a lot of money every year. That’s what the county wants. The developers are buying the land cheaper, than market value. Or they wouldn’t do it. Maybe you need some local and regional racers to help purchase some of that land, before it’s to late. Someone is getting greased, try to eliminate what is available.
where im from, basicaly every race track has closed cause of people building house next to them and complain about the noise after. its a real joke
Main channel material. Just emailed!!!! Good Luck Cleet!
Saw this very same thing happen on Long Island to a great drag strip !
The concrete is creeping in Cleet... They are building subdivisions where cornfields were grew last year here in Alabama now a days...
Cleet, Garrett. Good for you buddy. I'm a little older than you, other than racing boats and semi's I've raced about everything with wheels. I raced from my teens to my early 30's when family became first. I admire what you have and will do, admire your incredible skills as a driver, racer operator of machine, a friend father spouse ect. You are an incredible young man who my stepson could be your doppelganger, lol. Congrats to you and if people would take a chance give sport an opportunity,  they also may or could have such an amazing experience,  they might also support motorsports or racing in general, a great chance just like you. Thanks for creating your content and sharing what most can only dream of. Ric
Is this The Villages?
U need to post this on the main channel also for the most amount of people
My parents live close to Pacific Raceways near Seattle. The track was built back in the 50s. There was nothing near it back then. My parents neighborhood was built in the 80s, but every year a group of Neighbors on the HOA board go around trying to get people to sign a petition to get the track closed. They have come close several times. It's the same story as this. Real estate agents will only show homes on non race days, then people move in not knowing what is directly across the valley. They are close enough to the track to tune in the tracks am radio broadcast band, and when the nhra national event comes to town, the top fuelers shake the houses. Many neighbors don't care, and even moved there to be close to the track to go racing themselves, but the people who didn't research and are surprised the first time they hear a race are trying to ruin it for everybody.
This is how our small drag strip was closed a few years ago. Out of staters moved in next to track complained enough to get it closed
Put this on the main channel imo.
Find a endangered  species there and they can't do shit
Im from Canada and I oppose this too! 👎🤣
This needs to be on the main channel ... what are you doing?? You said it yourself this is the death of a dragstrip. This is exactly what happen to Englishtown Raceway In NJ. When I lived there it was the staple thing to go do in the summtime as a child.
Garrett I don't know if they understand the amount of revenue that just you alone bring to that county but just me since you've bought the freedom factory have easily spent 10 grand in that county on food hotels gas ECT .. and the hundreds of thousands of other people that spent as much or more over the years I've even bought a junk car while I was in Florida to participate in an event like I look forward to taking time off and heading there if everybody bands together it is definitely the best shot so I hope we make an impact it makes me sick to my stomach to know this is happening to you guys already
We used to run at a track that took us a half hour or so to get to. Windy roads through the mountain and forests and farms over a couple rivers and down a hiway a few miles. It was a good ways off. Friday nights if we weren't there we could walk outside and hear the cars going (world of Outlaw Sprint cars sportsman, 360 and 410 classes)  If we could hear that NO WAY IN HELL is that little sound fence stopping them hearing open zoomies at burnout night nor the smoke from blowing over there. Definitely not gonna quiet down a 2jz ripping off a 1/4 mile run next door. This is trouble!
Dude you did such a great job speaking
I'm a third generation stock car driver I got your back brother man I'll stand in solidarity with you one driver to another  maybe one day you put like three feet of dirt on your track and let me hammer down around it
In my opinion as an engineer, at a very minimum they should be doing a sound study to appropriately design the sound abatement controls. Unfortunately, many developers don't look into these type of potential issues. Cleetus - you are 100% correct in believing that once that development is complete and people are living there, they will complain, they will have greater political power, and eventually the local government will cave in the form of sound ordinances and restricting operating hours.
Man. I hate this shit. They ruined Moroso and everything in palm beach. I love Florida, but Texas wants none of this new york shit.
Main channel this video!!
Emails sent from NY
Cletus let's form a go fund me and BUY that land! Option 2 get a hold of your governor and voice the problem!!! Your governor is the man and will not back down!!!!
We have sound walls all over around our bypass. Definitely does work for highway noise
Whistling diesel can scrounge up some people for this I bet.
u also forgot to mention the safety hazard the building would cause if someone on the strip crashes parts fly and can damage homes when they r that close.
A 25 foot tall fence isn't going to hold back the sound of 150+ decible drag cars. If it is approved, they are dooming you to failure. My family owns land around 8 miles from the local track around here, and can still hear cars running down the track.
I just know there is so much money going to these board members to allow developing
Katies stank face
Dont aprove it let cleeter thrive!!
I'm with you , start a petition . we need more farmland and less houses .
Find investors.. Buy the property. Build Mcfarland-Land. Profit.
I hate to break it to you man they have done the exact same in my small town in high springs fl they just passed 2,700 homes in a 2 red light town but city management and commission get bonuses every time something like this is passed its all about greed
You need to reach out to Don garlits and get him to come with you
sent
This happened to my local road course, Second Creek Raceway outside of Denver. Been there for years but housing development pushed it out.
We need to stop this overreach of the American people. Protect our racers our small businesses. Defund the plannning commissions!
MAIN CHANNEL!!!!
Yeah man drag strips are a dying bread, I’ve seen so many close down throughout the years and to close down a successful one just seems asinine to me.
Does my vote count here if I live in another country? Or is it just for American citizens?
Buy the land 👀
Florida” you’re done “.  Cletus” nooo!! “
Push it to the main channel asap dude
You should put this on the main channel aswell this is pretty important news
Put this on the main channel
Happened in my neck of the woods. We lost our short track oval and 1/8 mile drag strip to urbanization.  Autodrome St-Eustache, Quebec.
Cleetus and DeSantis about to become best friends
I mean it's no different than the idiots living next to the interstate what did they expect buying a house next to an interstate 😂 or the idiots that bought a house next to the airport.
You should gather as many example of cases where tracks closed due to these reasons so you have concrete data and hope they care more about the track than new homes.
Got my support plus I agree needs to be on main channel and reach out to your YouTube friends and get them throwing it up on their channels aswell
Already emailed them all yesterday! Happy to support in every way possible!!
Done
Post this on the main channel
Imagine going to law school, making a difficult decision to take a chance & pursue a life in Motorsport, achieving something as great as purchasing your own race track among other things, and being a pillar in your community….. only to have to “fight the law” to protect it all in the end. The world can be comical  Hope I didn’t over exaggerate that statement but that’s the way I view it.  Definitely will do my part to fight this.
nothing stops housing development. sorry dude.
Guys, to make it easier instead of sending each email separately, add the first recipient and then CC the rest of them.   I had this same thing happen to our local drag strip Raceway Park in Englishtown, NJ. The track was one of the best and brought a Top Fuels yearly. I grew up there watching legends rip down the track. The track was there for years and then housing developments were put up around the track. Now the track is a Copart auction yard. It’s sad. Don’t let this happen to the freedom factory and Bradenton motor sports park. It took me not even a minute to send the emails.
Right where your track is would be a great place for a Walmart after all the homes are built, dont you think. Thats what they're thinking. R.I.P
Sending emails out now!!
This is how we lost 75/80 here in Maryland, was around for ages until the complaints came. The restrictions made the track unprofitable and closed, was a sweet local 1/8.
Sorry if it's a stupid question but only citizens living in usa can email?
Have you thought about approaching Gov. Desantis?
I can hear the conversation.  We were approved for plans to build a community.  You do know there are racetracks next door?  Ahhhh, thats no big deal, we'll just have them shut down.
Buy the nearest row. Of housea. Rent them. Out for events.. And the naighbours won't mind  the noise
E-mail sent, from a Boerne, TX supporter.
Here we see why god sent you to law school
Get in touch with DeSantos
You have a legal and safe place for drag racing. If it closes.... That will hit the streets. I'm sure the city doesn't want that.
Put up on the main channel as well Cleet
I have wrote and sent the best one I can, Hopefully we all make a difference and they find a way to make everyone involved agreeable
Post this in your main channel
What if you bought out the land and ran a farm?
I thought Florida is freedom?
For all the main channel comments. I actually get better response to things like this on the second channel. I will put this on the main channel in a different way. I obviously consider these types of things but thank you for all the reminders 😂
Cleeter put this on ur main it needs more attention
Put this on main channel!!!!!!
You need to put this on the main channel bud you know you got more reach there and please ask your fellow YouTube friends to make vids.
You need to post this (or mention, at least) on the main channel. Reach nearly a million people before thursday. You have my support. I'll be sending an email tonight.
this sucks!!! do you have to be a resident of the us or a manatee local to send opposing emails? im in the uk And cleet, i think this video should be on the main channel!!
Sorry man, this happened in my town.   It won't end well, the death is near.
Buy the land with demo and other youtubers..make it yt land
So build the racetrack outside of town, then build the town out to the racetrack...you can't fix stupid. Send this to the main channel!
Why wouldn’t you put this on your main channel?
Cleets is fucked...🙇🏼‍♂️..I'm pest palm beach..aka morosso...closed...look at Orlando trailer park🤣behind the track..big dogs only on the weekends🙄🖕🏼..street during the week 👎🏻...money wins 4500 homes🤣 lawyers are going to chew cleets up🤨bullshit
This happened in NJ twice first at Englishtown then at atco raceway  Englishtown had to run mufflers and atco raceway is closed because of the noise. It sucks.
How much would the land cost to buy?
The dream solution would be to work together with the developers and do something like Brainerd Raceway did up he in Minnesota and sorta combine the two...luxury racetrack houses but if it's working in practice I don't know. Definitely a greed thing I feel on the developers side.
I live in this area sir.  I have attended many events at both BMP and what the FF used to be.  It would be a sad thing to see them die.  There is a reason these tracks are located 9 miles east of I-75.  There's a reason the tracks are out in the farm area of Manatee County.  Until now this worked.  But now developers have their eyes on that land......and they have deep pockets.  I've seen this story before in Sarasota County where I live, and I"ve seen this before in Manatee County.  Money talks Cleetus.  They have it.  You don't.....at least not at the levels they are playing with.  I hope you can get public support to sway the planning commission...I really do.  Unfortunately, I fear you are going to lose.  I hope not.
Emails sent brother praying everything goes your way I can’t imagine loosing the tracks and the videos! Good luck cleet
I was just wondering if anyone told the sound it couldn’t go over 25ft. They had a mess when they opened the drag strip at concord N.C. But the owners had a lot of clout like the speedway.
I hope this makes it to your main channel, this is far to important to not be everywhere.
You should definitely put this up on your main channel as well!
I just sent a email to oppose this, I'm from Arizona and they are doing the same thing to Wild horse pass race way Formaly know as firebird international raceway and it hurts to see our tracks being torn down were with u all the way
I have a home that is miles from an air force base.  The jets literally shake my windows, do I complain, no.  I would never expect something to change just because I decided to buy a house hear.
Go get 'em Cleeter!
Yup banks county done it with Atlanta dragway I lived right next to it and they built apartments and they got rid of it immediately because it’s a 4 story complex making it to close for the strip
Get this on the main channel asap but we got you brother 💯
can you sue the county if this development closes the track down?
Any clue if it will be streamed?  Not by you or the team but by local media
And put this on your main channel
Mmm I already got some hints of this damn situation on some other youtube channels, hope it gets sorted, or the FF is doomed.  (problem with racetrack vs residential is just as bad in our overcrowded country, we lost a lot of our ovals, dirttracks, dragstrips and motocross circuits over the last 20ish years too) I cant do much else but pray for a good result since I`m from overseas, I hope to be able to visit the FF sometime in the future
Theres nothing dumber than complaining about noise of a racetrack after CHOOSING to build there when somebody else was there first.
Lost our local track a few years ago this way. Been there since the 50s, people moved near it and complained to their friends on the councils, got it shut down. Closest dragstrip is 2hrs away now.
Garrett, get this on the main channel!!! I will send my emails. I live rather far away but visit FL frequently and keep trying to get an event to mesh with my visit. It will happen someday but we need the track to be there for myself and others to come and enjoy when we get the opportunity.
Good Luck Cleeter, unfortunately im unable to assist but I will be rooting for you. Much love from South Africa.
this needs to be on the main channel imo
So do we send a email to each one of the name in the description??
So if it goes thru then gotta get enough $$$ to buy all the houses along the racetrack boundary for track enthusiast use VRBOs.
can your helpers use the freedom factory address and be a spectator opposing using that address if they dont live anywhere near
That's Florida for you. Like when they drained the Glades to build houses.
You gotta start paying people off.
Lost KCIR here in Kansas City this way.
As in all forms of racing Cubic Dollars out runs Cubic Inches.  This is classic Big Dollars coming in. 4500 homes is MILLIONS in Tax Dollars to the County. I have seen in Chattanooga TN 800 acres of basicly park land turn into soon to be built multi million dollar homes. Property tax on that land went from a couple of thousand a year to over 100+ million a year.  Good luck.  As for the sound abatement. You can hear the cars at Daytona from the Beach.  And the track at Talladega? My sister can hear it on race day from 10 miles away. A 25 foot fence is a joke,
Maybe the county needs to ask Atlanta how well them shutting down their track has went. Atlanta lost the revenue and Atlanta PD had had a 300% rice in street racing. Wish I could be there but def will email.
A wall ain’t enough brother
I guarantee you that if homes end up being built that close to BMP and the Freedom Factory this will eventually spell the end to both.  Regardless of whatever type of sound wall is constructed.  All it takes is for a vocal minority of Homeowners to start complaining about the noise and before you know it both facilities will be shut down.  Unfortunately developers have  more pull with city councils due to the simple fact that their developments mean more tax revenue for the city/county. I have seen this exact thing happen in my state as it has happened across the country.
This will get more exposure on the main channel due to more subscribers! Email sent to all of the board! Let's squash those turds!
we lost myrtle beach speedway because of this shit.... STUFFING PEOPLE RIGHT NEXT TO THEM... ALL the people selling are like oo dont worry we are getting the racetrack shut down to sell house.
Garrett I will be emailing each and every one of them right now
My god the woman behind you looks MISERABLE. This is awful.
I will see if I can make it down! My local track south ga motor sports park (sgmp) is facing this same bullsh*t. They built homes all.around it and the track has struggled since .
Email sent!
I live in sweden, can i still do anything?
Put this on the main channel Garret.
There is a racetrack in McLean VA that had to deal with this exact issue years ago Garrett.  They got a grandfathering in that basically said they were there first, and that any homeowners had to be notified of the tracks existence etc, but none of that seemed to work, they closed Old Dominion Raceway in 2012.  I'll email the board as watching your content helps me greatly dealing with chronic health issues.
Make them pay for the damn 25’ fence. The county will approve the housing. Just for the extra money
We all need to share the hell out of this. We should be. We owe cleetus for all the years of wonderful content.
I will not stand to see a perfect track destroyed, I haven't even gotten my car finished and the tracks in danger.
Will send an email. Would come but can't get off work.
Maybe you fight to Increase the easement between the track and the homes. That way everyone wins something.
Can i help and send the emails eaven if im from Sweden?
Homes next to anything that makes noise is it’s death, every time….
100% a main channel issue
If all else fails who volunteers to move to Florida and buy one of these homes so there's less complaints? 😅💀
You're right. This is how it always happens .
Cleets bro I love you been a subscriber for a very long time basicly from the beginning but I know how this system works. The builder of this property obviously has a lot of money to build something of this size. He'll bribe his way to push this through. It's gonna happen I hope I'm wrong I really do but I think you're pooched
Two race tracks I know of in missouri were closed for this exact problem. One was in Rolla Missouri was a small 1/4 mile oval track just like the Freedom Factory. When this one was opened it was a mile from the closest home with in ten years it had been rezoned 4 times and had enough home owners crying about the noise that it was closed. The second was a 1/4 mile drag strip in Wentzville Missouri. When I started racing there in 1996 it was surrounded by ag land in fact the land between the track and city limits of Wentzville was a farm that raised buffalo and sold the buffalo meat. When the buffalo owner died his family sold everything and with in 3 years the same thing happened new housing new boundary’s and I’d say 4-5 years after the first house was built and moved in to the track closed. Which was sad after that the street racing blew up in that area and a lot of people ended up racing on Hall street in St Louis getting in trouble there is another pretty noted street racing spot the locals call meramec bottoms which is a state highway between St. James and Steelville missouri that has been the go to place for years yea people gets in trouble blah blah blah but with urban expansion killing history what do people expect. Best wishes on saving your history
You need to give those commissioners a big BUENOSDIAS!! And shut down there future project 💪
Cleet why is this not on the main channel?
Needs to be on the main channel
its funny to say why do you wanna build more in Florida when its all gonna be under water in the future anyways better to build 25 foot walls to keep the water out not more houses
Im missing work Thursday 9am, funk that!  Yall have brought car culture together! Ya bought it and a pandemic hit and YA STILL POWERED THROUGH IT!   American dream incarnate man!  Dude im bouta be missing payday next week, but damnit this is the first death knell for the Freedom Factory.  Cant let this pillar of hotrod community cohesion suffer the same fate as hundreds of closed drag strips and circle tracks across the country.  Do they want more douchebag streetracers? Cuz 1 less venue that is popular as heck and is dang near the very symbol of hotrod culture revival right now would absolutley end up with more dangerous driving events. More intersection shutdowns(but yknow, majority of car people dont like those clowns either)  Just man At every turn the USA government all the way down to your local reps is for some reason attacking any and everyones hobbies and or just being petty or whatever the base issues are.  Damn the job, im showing for sho  ....unless the daily shows some quirks. Right now, were in like donkey kong!
Repost this to the main channel, this needs to reach as many as possible!
Sweet. I love seeing prideful people lose. Time to humble out. The only reason you own the track or the Porsche or most of your toys is because of us viewers then you charge for everything possible and peddle your crap on us.
Only if you don't rent to racing fans if they know they're moving in next to a racetrack they will love hearing race cars if not well it might be screwed you might have to pass out some earplugs there Cletus
Email sent brother! Let’s fill their inboxes with our voices, speaking out for a track we love and support! 🫡🫡🇺🇸🇺🇸
This is main channel video.
I'm from Ireland 🇮🇪 and this exact same thing happened to one of our oldest  track rosegreen, housing moved in track went out and so died the home of drifting in ireland. Anyone that can pls try and stop this, i love this channel, the people and the content lets keep it going
Let’s go Cleetus great job!
Or we need 4500 fans to buy hoses and we make a Cleeter Community! YeeYee!!
We got yalls back all the way from TEXAS!
It would probably help you a lot if you finished law school
THIS IS HAPPENING IN DENVER. AT THE MILE HI. THEY BUILT A SHIT LOAD OF CONDO'S.  NOW THE CONDO OWNERS ARE WANTING TO SHUT IT DOWN. BECAUSE OF THE NOISE.
email sent - stay strong brother
PLEASE HEAR ME OUT if you look up Citrus countys speedway theres houses all around a airport and the track has the fair grounds
You want to build homes next to a race track, you deal with the noise and anything that's associated with it. Ken's and Karen's deserve what they get for being ignorant
Unfortunately you may have to find an investor to buy that land . Nothin will stop this , will take years but I hope it all works out .
I’m going to do my best and try to make it out Thursday
Gonna need to pull a Yellowstone buy up all the land around the track
This needs to go on the main channel brother this needs more attention, please save the tracks
This is why we can’t have nice things. After going there and spending my hard earned money there, this can’t happen for as great of a place as it is!
Please put this on the main channel too, this is too big to be on the 3nd channel. This is a possible multimillion loss for the FF
Please put this on the main channel. This deserves the attention of every viewer, subscriber, and motorsports fan that we can reach.
Ugh. There's some big dollars behind something that large. Perhaps a buyout is possible? They're not going to stop. Prepare yourself.
This is why California has the street racing problem it has.   This definitely needs to be stopped.
Put this on main channel G!!
25 ft??? the border wall ain't even that high.
Destroying American business and culture to house thrd wrld parasEYEtes.  Insane world.
Hmmmm be a real shame it they found  native American artefacts in that farmland.  Or even a pink toed yellow grass frog thats a new species or somthing that o ly lives in that specific place and is not found anywhere els.
People complained about moving into the development near Englishtown.  It was a constant battle even though the track was there first.
You should put this on your main channel so more people will see it
Sent!
The same thing happened in St Charles, MO. We had a dirt track and go-cart track. 200 houses and two apartment complexes later it was gone.
THEY NEED TO GO OFF OF WHAT WAS THER FIRST AND THE RACETRACK WAS THERE FIRST SO IT SHALL STAY ! WE WILL FIGHT FOR THIS 🤜🤛
post this on the main channel and you will receive more support I can guarantee , not a  us citizen so can’t email but good luck man FF forever !!!!
I love this channel...I wait like a school boy for the next video...if I could afford to go I would....save the track
The city wants to expand, the people who are going into new homes if they were to be build acknowledge that it is next to a race track and SHOULD NOT COMPLAIN ABOUT IT and the track SHOULD NOT HAVE TO DEAL WITH THE COMPLAINTS
Good luck with everything bro I hope everything goes your way bro 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Get a list together from the other affected racetracks as to how they been restricted and affected by houses being built close by, use this as evidence that can prove this application being approved will be the end of the track within x years.
Just have them rip down Disneyworld and build there dumb 4500 houses there problem solved. But you need to watch the builders and developers they will be throwing cash at some people to get what they want.
Sounds just like an Insurrection... lol jk
They need a massive wall right against the FF and a massively tall burm 100 feet after the wall...but even then surely it wouldn't be enough.
We had a local drag event that happend once a year, on an old (yet active) airfield. New people moved in close to the airport and started complaining about the drag event because of the noise. Long story short, the event got closed due to these complaints. Imagine complaining about noise when you buy a house next to an active airfield.  Hoping for the best in this case. Best wishes from Denmark
Emailing them all tomorrow at work brother!
Wasn't the majority of that land flooded as well a month ago?
Does your opinion matter if you live no where close to Florida?
This is exactly what happened to Rocky Mountain Raceway here in Utah. People moved in, complained, put restrictions on the track, eventually the owner found it more viable to sell the land for development instead of having the track.
Can you PLEASE make a petition to show the county and state that thousands of people care about the freedom factory
they are going to approve it regardless of what we want. they want the money and when they get built and people move in the residents are gonna complain to the city and they are gonna make it impossible to run business
You should put this on your main channel
hopefully the county doesn't see dollar signs and denies the zoning exemption.. in all honestly. there is a good chance that the county doesn't give two shits about the tracks.  they'll see the numbers.. and the numbers will be huge. we are talking around 20 million dollars in new taxes per year for those residential homes. TWENTY MILLION. this probably wont turn out well 4 out of 5 times. good luck brother
Lets see what those board members bank accounts look like if this gets approved
Where's whistlin diesel to get all his followers to show up too . Good luck and hope you keep the doors open
CLEETUS PLEASE PUT THIS VIDEO ON THE MAIN CHANNEL. This message has to get out to ALL your followers/subscribers!!!!
Need to get all the YouTubers that come to the tracks to post this on their channels and try to get as many to show up at the meeting.  Make this blow up like the county has never seen!
Cleet you probably already know this, but the same thing happens with airports all the time. Been there for 50+ years and all of sudden it's a problem. I got an idea, don't move next to the fucking airport, dumbass.
Main channel this information now dude
definitely put this on the main channel
RIP Phoenix wild horse pass aka firebird drag strip for a damn freeway
Who was there 1st?
I wish you the best this is exactly how my local drag strip KCIR got shut down
Forget trying to get new homeowners to acknowledge your existence by signing a form, etc. There are always ways around that. You have to just fight this head-on and prevent the rezoning and find a way to buy the land yourself.
Dude just talk with governor desantis and he'll get it handled. You have enough influence to make that happen.
We lost our track here couple years ago, exactly for the same reasons!  they built houses around the race track and now it's close... so sad! i really wish this doesnt happens to the Freedom Factory.
Development money is very powerful.
Number one your grandfathered and number two look into the LA airport from the late seventies when a whole bunch of people moved in the houses and under the approach end of the runway and then decided to try and Sue and close down the airport ,the judge stated it was a already Factor there and then you moved into a known issue and you ain't got nothing coming also remind them that they are corrupt government agents and you don't have to kiss her ass
Honestly the developers can afford to move the tracks.  5-10 million less profit on probably 250 million isn't going to break the bank.
This exact thing is what nearly killed my local drag strip and made it go from quarter to eighth mile. Track has made a comeback but it's nowhere it used to be. I'll be emailing in
Put this on the main channel Cleet.  It holds value to your millions of followers.  This is worth more than the side channel.
Email sent from Australia, best of luck
Cleet, this is definitely a vid that you should also drop on your main chan. I know you keep '2' for this type of content, but this issue is too big a concern not to leverage your entire support base.
Being someone who has a racetrack neighbor i must say i love it. Practice on wed. Reminds me to tell the kids to take the garbage down. Sat. And sun. Race days create a nice ambiance while in the garden. Good luck
We need this on the main channel
email sent from alabama, sir!
My biggest concern is if these tracks go away the amount of street racing and people goofing off on public roads will increase. Having a safe place for people to drive their cars and goof  off without fear of putting others in danger is super important.
Unfortunately the builders are usually in the pocket of the government
Post on main channel!! I'll do what I can!
Here in Canada ..... In our province of Quebec .... 4 tracks as been closed in 3 years .... Stay strong Cleet !!
can i do this and help even if i live in Canada????
mmmmm I love urban sprawl.... : (
Can we send e-mails and say we don't agree If we don't live in the state?
The commissioners don't care what is said in their board meetings, they are all paid off by developers.
Main channel bud
Post this on the main channel!
All the best from Australia. This has happened to multiple racetracks and go kart tracks here in Australia too.
Sent, Not only does this happen to motorsports parts but shooting ranges. Trying to keep racing off the streets and then they come after tracks.. i dont see logic here
Cleetus McFarland. Can you put some type of link Making it more easy for us to put our email in and our names so that we can oppose this with you
Put this on the main channel the I think your gonna need all the support you can get!
Exactly ! In Greer SC , A housing development was built adjacent to the 50+ yr old drag strip (Greer Drag Strip). And soon after, earlier closing hours were implemented and noise mitigation was required. Thankfully,  the dragstrip is still open. But the really big events faded away due to the excess noise.
There's got to be a rich person watching this one thing I know about rich people is they don't spend money unless they have to that property has not been purchased yet tell the plans get approved somebody can buy it out from underneath them looks like a good place for a hotel to me race themed
I definitely think this should be on the main channel. This is real and we all love the FF!!
This is just another push towards trying to get rid of racing. They are doing the same thing in my home town. Building a large development next to the dirt circle and drag stip. Only a matter of time before it's shut down
Man this is way messed up  No one deserve thia at all
Damn I would love to move into a home next to a race track. But not everybody is a car enthusiasts.
Wow now they coming after you…..
This needs to be on the channel with 4million subscribers not the 512k one. Protect our racers.
Bring up the point that it's a program that you are using as well to get kids off of street racing that in dangers the public so as of that you are doing a good deed in helping the police the hospitals as well as the fire department and parents from grieving a loved one
Put this to the main channel. This is a serious issue. Far to serious to put it on the second low sub count channel
My mom used to rent a house out there just past the track, and you could even hear the gun range nearby too. There's not that many homes out there, and most are on 5 acres+
Why is this not turned into light industrial?  It would make more sense,  maybe warehouses etc.
Would love to be there but I will do the email
Cleeter- we got you brother!
What if I don't live there can I still email them?
Post this on the main channel man I don’t think you realize how many people care and are behind you. You will have a ton of people there with you fighting on Thursday. Please post this on the main channel.
I wish I could oppose but I live in the United Kingdom I love watching all of your videos especially the ones from the freedom factory and it would be such a same if it had to close for any reason  I love what you do Cleetus much love from the uk
Get whistling diesel involved.   He surely will bring the crowded.  Get him on board get him to come along and he’s viewer’s will to
Call your buddy Whistlin Diesel. He can get the people to show up and fight this asap 🤣
If you're stupid enough to put a development next to two race tracks you deserve the fucking noise
This is exactly what happened in Wentzville Missouri... We had a awesome drag strip and road course...
Just have subscribers move into all the houses and have a block party of race cars🤣🤣, jk, I hope everything goes good, we need these tracks!!
These same people after closing the race tracks will be complaining about people street racing.
you are a great speaker garrett....i really hope everything goes well
Boy their gonna be pissed when the entire town has to shut down due to the influx of cleetians !
If people move in your race track will be gone in 3 years.
Look up Mesa Marin Raceway in Bakersfield, CA. This is exactly how it died.
Very well spoken friend, you need to get this on your main channel so we can get a massive croud to oppose this
Buy the land around the tracks Haha
Do you have to live in USA for your email to them to count ? You have alot of fans like myself from other countries who look forward to your videos from ff and drag strip
Put this on the main channel my man, you'll get so many more people to see this
Once government is involved in building new houses, they see money!  I bet it is going to be approved unfortunately.  And the smirk on that ladies face made me want to puke!
Cleetus idk if they going to brodcast over zoom. My town had a meeting and we all could join in. If that is possible im sure alot would like to join the meeting
This has happened in Victoria BC Bear mountain. Hockey player Berry, makes huge sub-division on a mountain. There is a race track at the bottom. They complained, Races started to shut down at 10 pm because of them. Now the track is closed, and the only track that is left is Saratoga, that is a few hours drive. You can go to Cowichan and pay for a private track that is time attack only.  Shame.
Sent
God Speed, Cleet!
You should put this on the main channel to reach more people!!!
I oppose brother. I will send a email. I will get my wife, kids and family to send an email.
Wish you all the best of luck!!!! Love the channel and y’all always put a smile on my face!  Keep up the great fight CLEETUS!!! God speed
i hate this shit. same thing happened in california at laguna seca. they built up near the track and then home owners somplained. its like, you're the one that bought a house near a race track. and the company that you bought the house from built the houses near a race track, and the city is the one that approved them building those houses. so don't come complaining to the racetrack owners for the noise. those tracks have been there for many decades before those houses
Already emailed everyone on the city City council only one council member had the courtesy to reply to my email I would think that place could be grandfathered in as a historic site
What a bunch of heartless morons. They hope it’ll shut you down. They know what they’re doing. Shame on them
Do a live feed tomorrow mate
If they are trying to turn the land into residential, you should buy the land closest to the track and build a hotel specifically for the track which would not only help with sound barrier issue but it would also create jobs for the community in the building and running of the property.
Why don’t we raise money to buy even more land  I’m broke but can still send what I can. 100 more acres would be what? $500,000-1million?
Katy has the definition of a RBF. She just wants more Starbucks near the track.
When giving information to a panel like that, try to have as many examples to back your case as you can and try to have the facts and numbers on hand.  If you can cite examples of where fencing has been tried and yet a racetrack has had ongoing sound issues, this would be especially strong ammo for your case.  Moreso if it caused the eventual shutdown of the racetrack.
It's like buying next to Train tracks and complaining about the Trains.
Tragic.
I could have made it if I had a couple more days notice sorry bro The wife and kids and myself will all be sending emails though We got your back Cleet! Even if we have to crowd fund a NEW Freedom Factory....we will get it done
Man this is crazy, I believe in the community to make this not happen, racing is life!
I think we need to contact Ron Desantis, he seems to get things done.
I can't be there in person, but I have already emailed everybody your wife has listed to email on her Instagram.
You need to find an endangered animal, Force a study. Make them go Bankrupt!!!!!!!!
What can be done if we live in another country?
put this on the main channel.
Were with ya Cleeter!
All merch and profits for a month should be put into attempting to buy the land next door
This needs to be on the main channel!!
Something similar happened in Colorado I believe, Marvin heymire in his bulldozer lol.  You have my support along with the rest of Wisconsins racers!
You need to post this video to your main channel as well to really help spread the news.
support sent from scotland
Put this on your main channel. Anything of this magnitude about the freedom factory needs to be in the main spot light.
This is main channel worthy,  brother!!
Please put this on the main channel. This effects all your fans
That’s how the only track in Joplin was killed off. It’s sad cause I had a bunch of memories as a kid there.I hope for the best for u. It’s not right to force entertainers out of a lifestyle and hard earned goal.😢
This needs to be on the main channel Cleet.
This is the SAME BS Bandimere went through and currently dealing with! FIGHT IT as HARD as possible. City and County reps only care about the tax revenue they will get from public utility, and property taxes. This will slowly push you to regulate hours, noise and what days you can operate.
Should put this on your main channel and insta
Dude! Idea! Work with the developers to build out race track focused houses facing the track! Shops on each one, Grid disconnected power options, ya know the green energy thing, that way we can have more fuel for racing…
This is what happened at Capitol Raceway in Maryland. Just keep encroaching on the race tracks and watch how many more streets become the track.
Do I have to be over 18 to submit an email
Please put this on the main channel it will help boost the amount of people who will either show up in person or do the forms by so much
You need to put this on the main channel. you have 1/5th the subs here as you do on the main channel.
Put this on the main channel
Email sent!
this is terrible news, I would think this is an intentional plan by the county and if one was to review the stages of this proposal it would prove the intent as it balloons and becomes urban sprawl to increase revenue of the HOA's, county, power and water authorities et al. We need to get busy to help.
All about klling our culture and getting us closer to dehumanized sleighves*
Holy moly ❗I saw this in a dream 3 years ago and I live in Wyoming ❗❗
This needs to be on the main channel !!!!!!!
Dude this sucks having this on your plate after everything you've poured into the FF. Really hope we can get this stopped. I have a feeling the community is going to come together for you let's hope it's enough
This freaking pissed me off the fact that they had boundaries and still trying to do that is absolutely stupid,I got your back for sure I really wish I could come because this is some bull
They close many race track in Quebec ,Canada just like this ...Dont let them do that to the freedom factory !!Come on everybody go there and say no!!
Have the gov pay to move you out further.  New track money looking you right in the face.
I'm down.. this is how our kcir track got closed here in Kansas city missouri!
Add to main main channel!
Lucas oil raceway in Indiana has homes all around it. Idk who to talk to but I'd try to find out through other large track owners what kind of process needs to take place going forward.
Lawyer school coming in clutch 🙌
Clete, as a zoning official I’m here to help reach out and I’m on board. There are many things we can look at. Environmental impact being one.
Call me crazy but can you just buy the land and build home or rentals for everyone who visits during the year for your amazing events Ik it’ll be costly but idk
Man money rules everything God help cleetus
You should post this on the main channel dude more people need to hear this!!
Show up and email if you can, but please be respectful, show Cleet that the support he has is not to create a circus. NO THREATS, do this right.
What I don't understand is that people buy or build homes near a racetrack knowing it is near a race track and then bitch about it being too noisy. File a complaint. And the racetrack / drag strip gets shut down. Like WTF
Yeah put this on the main channel mate..
Email sent.
Best wishes Cleetus.  Same old story same old bs
Have a contractual stipulation that the neighbours recognise there will be noise from the racetracks and they cannot complain about it.
Wtf ...... put this on the main Channel now bro ...... im so fuck sorry bro
This is a shame this is happening! The same thing happened to Atco dragway in New Jersey!! Atco was built in the 1960s, now they build homes all around it, and the race track has so many restrictions and they were there first!!!! I hope you can get in touch with somebody’s other drag Waze, and find out what they did to fight the zoning issues!  I hope all the viewers and subscribers take time to write letters and give their opinions professionally! Good luck and keep fighting
Aren't you emailed them yesterday and surprisingly received an email back that my opposition was noted and added to the record. Emailing works please make sure you all do it! Be respectful oh and include all the required information
I understand why this is second channel content but this needs to be on the main channel
It even happened here in Denmark. Sjællands & Jyllands ringen.... I wish you good luck!!❤️🙂
Share this on the main channel! Everyone needs to hear about this!!
post this on the main channel garret!   good luck
We stand for you
Let’s make it a Cleet and Meet !!!!! ©️
This is how my local track died. Nobody wanted the homes, everyone wanted the racetrack. Developers have deep pockets and council members have shared interests so it always ends the same. All just so people can buy some overpriced, cardboard construction homes packed right next to each other.
Cleet. Put this up on the main channel . It will reach a much bigger audience .
You sir have 3.07 million followers start a petition and know we all have your back!
Almost the same thing happened here in huntsville alabama. They built a houses all around the drag strip here and they have been back and forth for years trying to shut the track down.
Dude if my Florida boy vote would count I would be there. I totally understand the history and back it  love what you are producing and support your facts
Our Motocross track in Airway Heights Washington (a Spokane suburb) is in danger of becoming a golf course. We are with you, Garrett.
I will be sending a email. Seen this happen to great tracks in several places.
You need to share this on you main channel to get more people to hear about it and write to the government
Was there any potential to buy that land before all this? I understand it's not likely but I was wondering because I understand like you said they try to kill off racetracks by development for unnecessary home development.
What about a compromise, along with the berm and sound barrier, a specific distance from the track is reserved for commercial property, not commercial retail, commercial commercial, aka the kinds of people not around at night or the ones that make the noise themselves.  This would allow for an additional distance between the track and the homes.
Emailed
You should put this on the main channel.
Please post this on your main channel as well
Garrett you have worked so hard to make The Freedom Factory what it is today and have put a lot of sweat and Money into making it what it is today and have my full support!! 👏👏 Bradenton Speedway has just did a Major renovation to make the Drag Strip Top Class and is One of the BEST Drag Strips in The United States and is definitely is The Best on the East Coast.🤟🤟 You should definitely Put this on the main channel also Garrett to get The Full Support of your Subscriber Base because I did not get a Notification on this Video.
I understand the assignment boss. They not taking down my favorite YouTube channels race track. I live in MD but I will send an email if out of county people can. Which I don't see why I would be able to lol🫡
You should put this on your main channel too brother
im canadian  does it still count? for email
On a good day I can hear the cars all the way in Lakewood Ranch
Let’s freaking go 😎✊🏻
Fight it 100%. They built houses next to Bandimere Speedway and KNOWING there would be noise. Now the idiots that move in constantly complain about the noise. And the county is constantly trying to shut them down. Fight this or it'll never end!
The city the county and the state all they worry about is that tax money they'll be getting from the houses good luck guys
Where’s desantis at? ‘Murica needs more tracks not less
Would be sick if like 25,000 people show up for cleetus and crew
I'll be there I'm booking my flight now
Call out to whistling diesel
This is exactly how we lost our strip in Dallas Georgia!! I miss that place!! Even though it was just a 1/8 mile we had a lot of fun controlled legal racing!!!
We are with u cleet! No one is going to take the drag strip or the freedom factory
This almost happened to Summit Raceway Park aka Norwalk Raceway Park in Norwalk, Ohio. The city of Norwalk Ohio allowed in a ton of new housing and sure enough the sound complaints happened. Just like how Garret described, people moved in without knowing about the Drag Strip and then all of a sudden the Raceway was getting ran out of town with noise complaints. What happened? Summit Racing bought the track and the noise issue (ironically) quietly went away and it is still a amazing track.   So unless you get Summit Racing or Jegs to buy it (or get enough money for political donations (bribes)) you're fighting a uphill battle. I wish you the best but in my experience without a ton of money and lawyers then good luck.
LONG LIVE THE FREEDOM FACTORY!!!
i will be there brother thursday 9 am
Exactly how Englishtown closed. Best of luck. Emailing now.
I really hope that this doesn’t go through because if it does the FF will be doomed and I would hate to see that wish I could help but in my situation I can’t but if I could I’d be in Florida asap
Put it on the main channel! Get the larger reach contact as many people that you’re able to!
Man this sucks!
So many people making profit off this zoning deal. Good luck brother.
Save the 🏁FF🏁!!!
Video outside the courts showing the support and vlogging the event !
You would have to have rocks in your head to buy a home next to a race track, unless you want to hear burnouts, racing and engines ALLL DAY.
What If they arranged a mutual agreement between the track owners and housing land owners to "rent out" the homes closest to the tracks for competitors and spectators from around the world to stay in like airBnB's during events?
Man I hope this doesn’t go through. I hope you get it stopped because you know you’re gonna have at least 100 Karen’s living the closest street to the track.
Do we have to be Florida residents to send an email?
Can Canadians email? Would it count?
Mention this on the main channel too!
Send Rip
Well spoken Garrett
I was planning on moving to the west coast to be near a track again after we lost pbir on the east coast, idk where to go anymore
Definitely should throw this on the main channel brother! We are all here for the team!
Buy the land adjacent to the race track from the developer. Go in on it with the dragstrip owner. Build an industrial park for racecar shops.
The fight for freedom has begun. Let's go!
Cleete I support you and your team
WOW!!! You said it bud the exact way to kill a race track yuppie shit heads wont like it and it’ll put in sound restrictions etc then will be shut down  all together that’s bullshit but greedy fuckers will pay the money to get it pushed through
They tried this bullshit at my home track. Just look up Fremont speedway, Fremont Ohio. Residential surrounds it on 3 sides. It's a dirt track, primarily sprint cars. The community came together and we shut city council down, literally. Best of luck to ya, it will beal a hard earned victory. This is the first battle, this will turn into a war. Focus on winning the war
Personally, I'd post this on your main page too.
Cleet. You use your tongue purdier then a 2 dollar hooker. Haha. You killed that speech man.
Send lawyers guns and money 💲💲💲💲💲💲
Raceway park in englishtown nj died because they did the same thing
Oh they will complain. Near where I live there is a new large condo development right next to a 125 year old rail yard and they constantly complain about train noise.........Who was here first??
First email out from a flatbed driver from Illinois cya in indy next year!!
They’ve done this same thing with gun ranges sorry but most likely they still won’t care they already have there checks cashed
Got ya buddy!
Well if goes through and the houses are built welcome y'all's neighbors 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I OPPOSE🏁
Karen's I tell yall
Put this on the main channel! This needs more eyes!
Killed Slinger and Hales Corners in Wisconsin, tragedy.
This should have been a main channel vid
We support you 100% up here in davenport Florida we can’t let this happen to another track again!
Very well said.  The people buying these homes won't be told about the race tracks and that would be the death of the tracks.
Post this on the main channel!
History is doomed to repeat itself unless people act and stand up. Like Garrett said, the tracks were moved because of homes and they want to do it again
Should post this on your main channel
City's and counties only care about property taxes now.  More homes, more property taxes.   This is nothing more than a money making scheme.
You need to upload this to the main channel.  It's important enough for your 3 mil subscribers to know.  Some of those 3 mil subscribers are manatee county residents that aren't subscribed to this channel or follow your facebook groups.
Make them an offer they cant refuse!
It’s not even just how racetracks die, it’s how everything dies. I’ve seen farms that are 100+ years old be forced to shut down because they put homes next to the farm and complained it was smelly. It’s an absolute joke. They don’t care. It’s all about the tax revenue. Home owners make the county more money than a racetrack.
BRO!!,!,! CONTACT YOU DAMN GOVERNOR THE SAVAGE!!!!
There's no way then can shut that place down way to many ppl would be against that
Put this on your main channel
Some more YANKEE GARBAGE I see. This is BS!!!! Fight all you can we have your backs
This sucks, damnitt man..
Good luck, Garrett and Vic.
Very similar has happened with summernats in Australia  😞
Put this on the main channel too!
We can't let this happen
Fight against this housing development with everything you've got!!  I live in Jacksonville and we used to have a small circle racetrack called Jax Raceways. I have so many good memories at that racetrack as a kid and unfortunately a greedy housing developer had it closed down even though the track had been there for decades!   Don't let these greedy land developers win, fight against this!
Fuckin Florida, that state needs to quit sitting on its head, man.
Myrtle beach native here, we lost our tracks due to the exact same thing. Historic track gone just like that.
Only thing stopping this is a buy out of the company that owns the land.. This sucks
I'm going to ask Uncle Chet to buy all the 4500 homes that go in.  EZ PZ..
Share this
Garrett, less racetracks more street racing....
The developers do this, because they know they can get away with it😢 RMRW🏁
they think a 25-foot fence is going to solve anything?   if you do build the fence and then they complain after then they can't do anything.   put up a 25-foot fence at a shooting range and tell me if that stops the sound.   the deal is, people choose to move where they want to , if you live above a night club and then bitch about the loud music then it's on you, just like people that live on the lake and complain about motorboat noise.   if you don't like the noise, then don't move there!    on the other hand, what if 2500 cleeter fans moved into those homes and they didn't mind that type of noise, and they would be that much closer to the track!  :)
This is absolutely bull crap all these people moving to Florida need to get the hell out
The developer should be the ones to be responsible for the sound wall if they want to build houses on the property.
Post this to the main channel please
People are ridiculous One of the race tracks that I go to in MN has a massive sound wall in one corner because one Guy was complaining about the races and he's the only house there
Uh, you might want to ask them how they are planning to deal with water.  The site already has a full capacity detention water body.  Now take away 30-40% of the ground perc.  What are they going to do? Bring in fill? I bet they will.  My engineer brain turns on and asks one question, what will you do about the water, whats your flood plan? Will you be diverting water across private land on your dime to another water detention area?
All right people, you know what to do!!
At the end of the day they will win unfortunately
S***** thing is is developers have more money than you ever will and you're probably going to lose
BUY THE LAND
Always find it really strange that people build next to a racetrack or a sports stadium that’s been there for years/decades and then complain about the noise or the people turning up for events.
Race track was there first, not your fault they bought property around it. Helping any way i can as this is complete Bullshit
I live next to road Atlanta and we saw what happen to Atlanta dragway. You need to focus on the locals as well as your fans. Don’t be scared to work with every local business owner you can.
horrible. Nothing will stop the freedom factory gang
Leaves you only one choice Cleeter.   You gotta buy that land!
New world order at it again, fvck the politicians
Wouldn't happen in the UK no chance planning one let it happened 😎👍👍🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
No freaking way brother. They have another thing coming if they think over 3 million people are going to stand by and let this happen.
Get your pitch forks ready boyz
That seems like that would be the people building the homes problem. Those race tracks were there first.
This is absolutely bullshit they are trying to kill all tracks around the country
This is like people moving right next to a firehouse and then complaining about the whistle when it goes off
That really sucks. Seems like councils and government don't care about the racing industry anymore which is crazy considering how many businesses are involved and how much money they bring in from parts to manufacturer merch.
Stop the urban sprawl! Being in the service industry, new neighborhoods create job security and can improve our profits….. I still hate it though. Creates new customers, but they’re the worst customers we have
That track and complex should be grandfathered in it was there before they planned to build the establishment of houses we just went through that with Elko Speedway here in Minnesota what they're trying to do they can't force you to do because your complex was there first so force it to be grandfathered in
If they build next to a racetrack they should be ready for the noise.
You and vic aree gonna have to buy all that land to combat this community  and turn it into a trophy cross track or something
That’s bs that’s like moving next door to a dairy farm and complaining about cows mooing and the smell. That’s like my neighbor moving in across the road from me 22 years I’ve been here never once had a complaint about my dirt bikes or guns going off until he moved in. Then had the audacity to tell me I need to stop. I built a track next to the road vs in my field 500 yards from him. Yep I’m that petty 😂
Too bad in this case you couldn't have done law school and youtube together. But I bet the knowledge you do have may help.
Buy the 2700 acres Cleet!
You did a great job expressing the sound abatement issues!! Emails sent from Ohio!!!
I know you may not want to but you should really put this on the main channel
I mean this is bs they doing you like that but man electric cars really might be the answer if they not willing to work with u on anything else. They don't make any sound wtf are the raceway neighbors gonna say then. Edit: just watched the full video I thought I was noise complaints but yeah I'll forsure help support this it should only be agricultural land that's crazy they choosing now of all times to build houses there they obviously wanna benefit off the attention of the track
County trying to release the Karens
No matter what I'll defend the freedom factory. No matter what always and forever 💖♾️ Talk to Ron De. He will help and back you forsure.he is a man of the people. And you and your boys are men of the people.
Shouldn’t the developers have to erect the fence?
They just need to stop developing in Florida in general 🤦🏼
This is what Ruined Raceway park in NJ too.  They dont needa keep building houses ontop of fuckin houses
Well spoken 👏
This is how it always starts. Build homes next to an existing business, knowing it is there. Later, the residents complain about the business.  Then, the city makes ordinances that make that business operating impossible.
More people more rules and nothing to do.the new America sadly
C L E E T U S   F O R   P R E S I D E N T
There goes the neighborhood 🚬💣👽💩🚲🎣🇺🇸              Colorado Springs Colorado USA gots TEGRIDY
*You should be Grandfathered in.* The land owners knows this will destroy the race track. We the people still have a voice. Every race needs to be there.
Can you get something we can all e sign to fight this???
Put this on your main channel. Get the word out.
Good on you Cleeter. Keep it up
First palm beach international now Bradenton???? Bruhhh wtf
Shouldn't you have precedent? The factory was there first, (Desoto) and you own it out right, so how can they tell you what to do with your property?
love you man, doing everything i can to support.
Make Mexico pay for the Wall.
Hell no brother. Uncle Sam needs to get out of business
Ride or die, we with you brother
Can't fix stupid cleet.
Gotta make room for all the Californians
Best pick up a nascar sanctioning for the track ASAP! Money is the only thing that makes this go away dude!
I'd kill to live next to a race track
Doing everything i can to support! You've worked too hard to loose the ff. The ff is one of the best things that's happened to Florida in my opinion and we must keep it alive!! Also it's not my call but I think you should put this on the main channel also to bring more awareness to what you, the crew and us fans are facing.
Dude the city development  just fucked you  and vic. Yall are gonna have to tear down and move these communities  always win
Had the same thing happen in Jacksonville FL.   Jax Raceway went away. Then street races started back up . Had people having accidents ect . Then the race life went away for good .
This is exactly what happened to my home dirt track, farm land was sold, condos were built, track was forced to close.
I'll support any way I can Cleet!! Best racing I've seen in my life was made by you..💯💯💯👍🏻🤙🔥🔥🔥🔥
No offense, but you are SOL.  Same thing happened to my favorite racetrack my dad took me to when I was a kid, Sante Fe Speedway.  It's now nothing but condos.
You did nothing wrong morally. If another man or group of men decides you cannot do something. They are wrong and will never win!
Yellowstone in real life. Buckle up boys. Fight for what’s right
Hope all goes well for the freedom factory.
Saw this on Facebook randomly yesterday. We're gonna ride with you.
Wish I could help I'm way too far away I'll buy some merch.
That is BS Florida shouldn’t be doing that
What bs man 😭
I already did good luck i love all your content
I seen somthing on TikTok I was hoping it wasn’t true :(
Damn? They trying to shut you down? Tell them hones to git!
Absolutely, considerate the email sent.
i win
Love u Cleet
Jeesus
Already shared it on Facebook brother! We got your back!!
Done
Law school is paying off
I hope you come out ahead on this brother
Hope all is well brother we will prevail
Hey!!!
Save the race tracks‼️
Save the FF!!
Ahh hell no brother!
Let’s go brother🤘🏼
Yes
Yee yee
If you can’t come, you can help by emailing (and YOU MUST INCLUDE YOUR FULL NAME AND ADDRESS) “I Oppose Application PA-21-09/Ordinance - Large Scale Comprehensive Plan Map and Text Amendment 23-11 PLN2111-0048” to james.satcher@mymanatee.org, amanda.ballard@mymanatee.org, kevin.vanostenbridge@mymanatee.org, mike.rahn@mymanatee.org, vanessa.baugh@mymanatee.org, jason.bearden@mymanatee.org, george.kruse@mymanatee.org
