Most complicated damn feature ever and not even for free to transfer from 3DS.  And they stopped pokebank support. If my arceus is lost in pokebank I will scream.   It could have been so easy, I logged into home today on switch in hopes my mons that I transferred a long time ago „into the cloud“ would appear bc I am using the same account. Nope, gotta charge the old 3DS, hope bank is still there and accessible and my mons are in there, do some key code shenanigans, pay money, transfer it to home and then find out I might not even be able to transfer them to BDSP.  Amazing. Thanks nintendo. 🙄🙄🙄
If we transfer a Pokémon from Pokémon go to shinning pearl. Can that pokemon level up in the game ??
Do the Pokémon’s iv’s change if they go to home and then another game?
The voice actress who play May's Torchic In pokemon anime need to come to Rhode Island comic con this year.
Pokemon arceus
Should the games be downloaded? Or ICAN use the physical cartadge games?
If i have an alolan vulpix in Pokemon Moon can i transfer It to Pokemon Let's go Eevee using bank and home?
my fav pokemon glameow isnt even allowed anywhere but bdsp and arceus why is that!?!?
My BDSP is fully updated and it still tells me I need to update the game to transfer
Bro.. they won’t let me transfer 75% of the pokemon I have in sword and shield over to Arceus. Can anyone help???
What happens if you transfer a PL:A Pokemon into a different game? Does it get its Hidden Ability?
Does transferring from legends arceus to sp  register in Pokédex ? Like if i transfer gengar does it register in sp Pokédex ?
pokemon sworld and shield link ? send
pokemon leagend arcuse link? send
This needs time stamps, that's all.
Pokemon sword  trade  Gookey  sobble
Hey, can you transfer pokeballs if a pokemon is holding one?
New pokemon game needs to be made with all the pokemon from your pokemon home. They should do it like how world of War craft was setup. Call it Pokeverse and keep expanding it overtime and add new features. Increase other characteristics that make certain pokemon rare, like Alpha pokemon, shiny forms, extinct forms, pokerus, and add a new Alpha shiny that only has like 1000 in the entire world with special stats/moves and maybe have one for every fully evolved pokemon. This increases pokemons rarity aspect and makes it a special pokemon that only a few in the world get to have. Also put every region in the game and make it competitive or different difficulty. The other thing to add would be customizable pokeballs, so you can can customize colors or add emblems to the ball for like team logos or character logos, and also have customizable clothing to go with it. Another cool feature would be to have a brand new Area with 6-8 gyms that are run by actual real world team that have to be specific type pokemon for the gym and once a gym has been established for that type the other gyms couldn't be that type. Add special prizes to the gym teams/leader for being a gym like special movepools for that gym type pokemon or something. Once this regions badges are collected it enters you into worlds championship league where you battle other trainers in double battles or singles and once you have enough wins you qualify for special tournaments with specialized pokemon as prize or something else worthwhile. Also it should have 7 pokemon slots instead of 6, so you would have 6 in their balls and one that always stayed with you outside the ball. Another cool feature would be customizable pokemon jerseys or hats that your main 7 pokemon could wear once they reached a high enough friendship/trust level. These features alone would probably guarantee another smash hit pokemon game. The other thing the game would have to do is scale power. So for instance each gym would have a set level pokemon that could be used as to not make the game to easy or simply scale pokemon to the pokemon in your party. Essentially just matching your highest level pokemon and making its entire team that level while keeping its move pool. Also maybe allow the pokemon to learn 5 moves instead of just 4. I would definitely play this move.  Help to push "THE POKEVERSE"
Hey Austin, video idea. You should do a update Pokémon home video, and also showing the progress of your living dex, form dex etc!
I wonder if you will answer, but how does the previous title react to the giant pokemon that is alpha being transferred to say Sword/Shield?
Unlike ultra sun/moon we can't have everything in One game... Thats why I'm losing interest
Can the BDSP starters be transferred into any game right now? (Including scarlet/violet once home updates)
Question I've been asking for so long and can't find please reply. Can you transfer Arceus to pokemon home from PLA?
Old video but maybe someone will see this. If I put my Kadabra into home but then just put it back into the same game will it evolve? I have no one to trade with and don't trust people I don't know.
i just started up my Pokemon Home app... and apparently i have the "free" basic plan which only allows me one box with 30 slots. So what happens if say, i pay for 1 month premium, which gives me 6k boxes i think, then i stop paying the premium? do they delete the other pokes outside of the basic box?
Shiny Giratina!!??? I just want my charmander lol
Can someone please answer if I can transfers them back to bank from Pokémon home please
It would be cool if they made updates to the games so that you can transfer other pokemon that weren't "transferable" (if that's a thing) before, imagine an eternatus following you in bd/sp
So I got PKMN violet... Can't use Home at all and is set for spring 2023. I wanted to use some starters from other games
Why  I can't see pokemon violet in  pokemon home? I have pokemon violet
Can you transfer a Machamp from Legends Arceus to Pokemon Sword/Shield, give it the Gmax factor and transfer it back to Legends Arceus with no other changes?
I have a silly question. Let's say I start the SS game. Get to first gym. Can I transfer a pokemon that is like 10-20 levels higher than the rest of my team from Pokemon Home to the game?
This new pokemon generation is confusing with all the different kinds of pokemon forms and stuff and it makes pokemon home useless
They've really f'd up with the last few games, they've made it way too confusing on which games pokemon can go where, plus you actually need to pay money to be able to store it and put it into other games. Absolute FAIL and it's why I pirate every single pokemon game. Pokemon company is an extremely profitable company yet they try and get every dollar they can from you. You ain't gettin none from me.
what happens to the legens arceus ball if you transfer it to sword or shield
why can't we not transfer Pokemon egg in pokemon home
I would pay money to be able to send my pokemon to pokemon go.
Same here I’ve got moltres non shiny too 😂
Question, so if Greninja is usable in scarlet and Violet, can I take my ash greninja from ultra sun and put it into home and transfer it into that game, or would it be only a regular greninja?
So can someone explain to me. If I want my mew, celebi and jirachi from pokemon go to my shining pearl. And how I can transfer my all mons from my let's go pikachu to my shining pearl. And if I want also those to my brilliant diamond how I can get them.   Don't just like this, please be kind and help
I hate that i cant have god in Sword and shield 🥲
Hey Austin I have a question. Can I transfer mew and jirachi from brilliant diamond to my pokemon sword using Pokemon home. Do I have to pay for anything in order to do that?
I'm so pissed that you can't transfer Hisui variants to BDSP. I spent so much time catching a cyndaquill only to find out the hard way that Hisui Typhlosion can't be transferred to BD.
so i cant transfer huisian zoroark to pokemon sword...
Is it possible for me to transfer my stantler from gen 4 to legends and evolve it ?
OK it's says my shiny milotic is compatible for sword and shield but it won't let me trade to my home what should I do
Had I know about this app I wouldn’t have deleted my save data 😭
FYI until theses idiots at game freak do something darkria and Dexos can’t not be transferred from Pokémon go if you have them on there. And it won’t let them be transferred to BD and SP until they officially add them to the game. Also Celebi can’t be transferred from Pokémon go either. So I’m a little pissed about having a Pokémon game that can’t be completed yet. The heck is up with that BS!?
How do people learn abbreviations? I'm thinking what is a bdsp and pla? It's crazy. I was never taught that by anybody. Even back in my high school days(05-09) I struggled..
so i brought a delcatty into bdsp from home and it lost its moveset it had since white 2. If delcatty is in scarlet and violet would it show its brilliant diamond moveset or white 2 moveset?
Should I put all of my 3ds pokemon on home?
Smashed that like button, because you pronounce Arceus correctly! 🤙🤙🤙
I just want my Victini back. I made a mistake last year and now it will cost me everything almost.
Can I transfer my shiny PoGo Deoxys into Brilliant Diamond from Home? THAAAANKS!
I just want to have a hisuian zoroark on sword.
Can you complete the full national Dex with only a switch?
Sooo is it safe to transfer shinys to new account👀
I don't have a Nintendo switch if  anyone here has stable financial condition please donate me switch  Because I am die hard Pokemon fan but can't play games because of financial condition 🥺
so question. what happens when you fully max out PLA effort values and transfer pokemon to BDSP/SDSW or vice versa with fully trained EV/IV pokemon are traided into Arceus?
I have a question I have 3 event pokemon from brilliant diamond and shining pearl that you can get through a trade which are all 3 shiny starters but only chimchar I can move over to home the other 2 I can't what's the deal with that please answer me bro I'm stressing out and I want to move them over so in case I want to start a new game
What's the best way to make a living dex or form dex fast
It seems they fix the compatibility issues between games because today I was able to transfer a Hisuian Rufflet into Pokemon Shield and it even got registered in my Pokedex in it's Hisuian form (since Rufflet/Braviary is a Sword exclusive I didn't have them before).....and I was even able to breed it with Ditto resulting in 2 more Hisuian Rufflet
My biggest issue is there are a few legendary and starter pokemon I couldn't bring it over to sword. They would have kept some of those random ass pokemon
does anyone know how to transfer pokemon with held items ?
Do you think I will be able to send my Pokémon from legends to scarlet
3:33 hopefully this will change in future updates.
Please add me in your pokemon home friends  UDCPRFYRTVKB
Does this still work with the 3ds games
Pokemon brilliant diamond and shining peal does not let be access my game saves and yes I have created saves it says update the games but it will not let me update because nintendo has not putted on a new versions yet.
Does anyone understand this I’m kinda confused about issues in Version 2.0.0 in Pokémon Home it’s about corrupted text displayed for Pokémon received as a gift for linking with Pokémon BD & SP or PLA
My poke home is one of every final evolution including regional variants  (not gender ones tho ) and legendarys and mythicals
My switch, Pokemon brilliant diamond and my Pokemon home are updated to current version but it still says my save data is from a older software version and isn't compatible with latest version of home. What should I do?
Does pkmn home delete your pokemon when the subscription ends?
I just bought PLA, how does the Effort system translate into IVs in pokemon home? Will I be able to get high IV mons to transfer to future games?
Does EV/IV from legend Arceus change once transferred?
I just love that the music just cuts out right as you say "crash" makes it really dramatic xD
I dislike the face there isn't a National Dex...    Gen 3 had no issues getting all available Pokemon Gen 4 didn't have issues getting all available Pokemon  Gen 5 didn't have issues getting all available pokemon  Gen 6 didn't have issues getting all available pokemon  Gen 7 - I never played  Granted you needed to transfer or trade but still there weren't any locked out Pokemon once said Pokemon were available........ Why can't we have all Pokemon in SwSh...   im hoping SV have a national Dex AND is compatible with Home.....
Can you not transfer Pokémon from games like ultra sun and moon to Pokémon home?
I wanted to transfer my Pokémon from ultra sun to brilliant diamond. But then all the egg moves and moves in general are different for some weird reason. My Breloom doesn’t even have spore. Honestly I’m just going to keep them in Pokémon home until a better update comes out. I really don’t know why nintendo/game freak are doing this.
YouTube got my algorithm all wrong... Commenting to correct some issues hopefully... LOVE YOUR CONTENT!!!
What's the point of transferring Game specific Pokemon into Pokemon Home if they aren't going to be available in other switch Pokemon games?
Hehe. It changes there moves and pp
⚡Imagine if Nintendo made a pokemon park, instead of pokemon home. So basically you could build a 3d park where your pokemon wander (zoo tycoon style), then you could walk there and visit your pokemon and interact with them like battle them again or just pet them and give them food. You could custom build your park and assign places for your pokemon to stay, maybe build a tower and shrine for you zapdos, or a pond for your poliwags to play in. Better yet would be to allow other players to visit your park. You could also see other player in real time in your park and challenge them for a battle. You could assign certain pokemon to be catchable by other trainers. In the park you could build your home, something like in pokemon emerald that you could custom make a hideout and furnish it with stuff. This pokemon park would be compatible with all games, so every pokemon you caught would come here, pokemon could breed there and leave eggs and maybe you could hire a park keeper that would take care of your pokemon and level them or do other stuff. Every bred pokemon would have a family tree with metadata of parent pokemon. You could breed stronger pokemon by doing natural selection with pokemon that have won elite four or very high leveled. Imagine all these unique pokemon as nfts in a blockchain, they don't have to be worth $, but all pokemon would have their unique history that will be traceable back to the beginning and make them more meaningful. Imagine that you finish a game with level 80 pokemon, in order to begin a sequel game, you could breed your lvl 80 pokemon, produce an egg and use that pokemon as your starter in the sequel game, this would create continuity in the games you played. There is so much potential, hope a nintendo/game freak worker sees this post. If you find these ideas good, copy and paste it on other pokemon videos! :D💥 Another great idea would be to transfer your character from different games to this park with their hall of fame 6 party pokemon, so you could challenge them and battle your past self. And other players could challenge them as well! ⭐
Can I transfer charizard from home to pla
It won’t let me put my Articuno, Zapdos, Moltres, Deoxys, Celebi, Palkia or anything I haven’t caught yet in BDSP from Pokémon GO 😭 I need trades every room I join is just people trading shinies and I’m not a shiny hunter 😭
Are they going to fix the current issue with home because I can't transfer certain pokemon without them losing their current moves which I hate and I don't understand why for example I have a shiny elekid with thunderpunch firepunch and ice punch and brick Break but if try to move it into bdsp it loses the moves firepunch and ice punch and brick Break and I don't understand why why can't it keep those moves when I Transfer it they way it is? is this going to be fixed ? Same with the spinda and nincada thing will those be fixed or no?
I imagine that the origin forms have to do with giratina’s relying on the gristis orb hold item and hold items not being in PLA because all the hold items are used as transformation/evolution items
I was wondering if you could use stat boosters in USUM on legends Arceus Pokémon, and if it caries over. Can anyone confirm it?
I have encountered that crash with giratina. Its saddening
Austin, I’m assuming you already have one now. But if you still need a shiny Galarian moltres let me know. I was able to get 2 of each because I have both games.
I wasn’t even done organizing my living dex yet, and now I have all of PLA to go back and squeeze in, moving everything around… and then scarlet and violet. So much fun….
If I have a pokemon from legends arceus and I max out it's stats with the grits so to 10, will them stats be max in bdsp because atm I have 2 pokemon one from arceus and 1 from bdsp the same level in shining pearl but the weaker one is the legends arceus one.
It'd be great if Pokemon HOME would later allow us to transfer Hisuian variant Pokemon from Legends: Arceus to Scarlet & Violet. Sadly, I'm rather doubtful that'll happen. I'll be happy if I'm wrong, though.
I remember transferring my pokemon from X/Y to ORAS to USUM, there wasnt any issues, it felt natural and fast, and i felt security. But now with the Switch, and how random the titles are (cutting out pokemon etc), it feels like a headache/crapshoot/waste of time.
I can't transfer my pokemon go darkrai to bdsp. Anyone know why?
i want to transfer my chimchar to sword from my diamond. it does not let me transfer it
Can anyone tell me if Totodile can be transferred from BdSp to SwSh?
It's been over a month, but for some reason I don't have access to 2.0. Does this only apply to the subscription version of PKMN Home?
Do you know if hidden abilities dissapear when sent to Legends arceus? I want the starters with their hidden abilities, I don’t want those abilities to just permanently vanish
Can Empoleon be brought into Sw/Sh?
I'm just pointing that garchomp & houndoom are not in sword and shield. I'm hoping that they will make return in Scarlett and violet. Something tells me if I still have my saved game from shining Pearl I wouldn't be able to transfer infernape, garchomp & houndoom to Pokemon sword.
It would have been better if Pokemon home was available for diamond and Pearl from the very beginning.
They need to add more Boxes as I have almost all of them full.
I like how you have Pichu, Espurr and Swirlix on your Home because those are my favorites.
ok so any gen 1 pokemon i get in go or sheild if its like charmander it can't go into arceus with Home since it not already in the game
Any updates if you take a Pokemon that was cloned from a older game and bring it to home and then trade those to a friend, and said friend brings them to Arceus to evolve them, apparently your friend cant trade one back to you?   Cause i did this for a shiny quilava (I evolved mine and leveld it 100 and hyper trained it) and a shiny lv 1 cyndaquil, my friend evolved the lv 100 for me, but he cant trade it back to me? Any reasons why that is?
100, Home really needs a competitive/battle system. I absolutely hate having this “Complete Dex” and literally having a Pokemon just chillin for completion sake. Especially, with the new generation coming out and I’m assuming this will overlap with Sword and Shield, PLA, ect. I’m even willing to pay an extra dollar or two to have a battle system added to the subscription even it’s something like Pokemon Showdown. It doesn’t have to be insanely complex, the sprites are already there.
So when transferring from pla to say sword and shield, do the Pokémon transferred just have 0 EVs and random IVS? Or if yo upgrade then with grit does it have any effect? You went into it but not into too much detail
I have a shiny Larvitar with Dragon Dance as an egg move in SP right now. If I move it to Home and then to Shield to EV train it, will it still know Dragon Dance when it gets back to SP?
i feel the only way i can truly catch them all is to do what i did back when we had gameboys and ds's, and thats to get 2 switches so i can trade with myself, because it is really hard to find friends who have the time or even the opposite game to trade with you, even on discord no ones replying back (and idk how long until home fixes the cant move this pokemon *bug*)
I've tried accessing pokemon home with BDSP and it doesn't work it tells me I need to update the games but there is no updates for them I have the current version. But for some reason I'm good for legends of arceus? Any ideas
I forgot to compete for the third shiny galarian bird I felt like such a doofus when I realized lmao
Pokemon news
JP Trailer 2 just dropped!
AUSTIN! NEW POKEMON SCARLET/VIOLET ANNOUNCEMENT CAME OUT 18 MIN AGO!
The new Female professor in Pokémon Violet and Scarlet is a Vampire
I have a question, Can you transfer Sylveon to Pokémon Brilliant Diamond, can't you?
Congrats on 2M
Congrats on 2mil my dude!
I live in New Jersey
Cool can't wait till I can trade my big boy ursaluna to my other games
I was waiting for this update to open my copies of BD and Arceus. I just learned the BD level curve is different. I'm always learning something new. Thanks for uploading!
Spinda doesn’t work in home. My shiny spinda can’t transfer and my 100% bdsp Pokédex is all about whether or not spinda will spawn some day…
Does anybody know how to get a shiny magikarp
So they really did lie about getting our old Pokémon games and our old Pokémon back
ok mr. 2 million!!!
Only thing I really dislike about this update is how they completely change up your Pokemon's moveset when transferring
Are they going to fix the current issue with home because I can't transfer certain pokemon without them losing their current moves which I hate and I don't understand why for example I have a shiny elekid with thunderpunch firepunch and ice punch and brick Break but if try to move it into bdsp it loses the moves firepunch and ice punch and brick Break and I don't understand why why can't it keep those moves when I Transfer it they way it is? is this going to be fixed ? Same with the spinda and nincada thing will those be fixed or no?
17 Arceuses? Arceui? Arceai? Who tf knows.
Anyone have a spinda from bdsp   Willing to trade for a shiny psyduck  My trainer info is  OT Benito  ID 611344  Caught by pokeradar chaining   Need help with completing living dex
Pokemon Home is where you're Pokemon go to die.
Congratulations on 2 million subscribers.
Sky form Shaymin was in fact boxable before now
CONGRATS ON HITTING THE BIG 2M MAN IVE BEEN A FAN SINCE 250K GOTTA KEEP ON THE GRIND MY BROSKI
Is it normal that mint effects go back to original nature when sending from sword to home?
Apparently You can send ONLY 1 Arceus, Shaymin and Darkrai from BDSP to Pokemon Home per savefile. The others will be Marked as 🚫. What are your thoughts?
Please let me know if you breed spirit tomb I am having a horrible problem trying to get it on Arceus
my question is: what happened to the moves of my pokemons that were from bank and never entered any game Cant I even know which moves it had? That is cruel. It is my pokemon! I dont even have control over it. Those that own pokemon home have no control over anything.
How do the IVs in Arceus determine the IVs in any other Pokemon game? Or are they just completely different entirely?
I can't even use mine I keep getting an error message
HAPPY 2 MILIONS!!!!!
YOU HIT 2 MILLION AUSTIN!
l cant put my hisuian pokemon forms in my other games!?!?  THIS IS USELESS!!!
I transferred shiny graveller and machoke from let's go eevee to arceus so I can evolve them and send them back but I can't even evolve them now :c
I logged on to Home today not even expecting Arceus transfers! So COOL!!!  I'm not looking forward to updating my nearly complete nat dex with new forms... omg... help me... xD  BUT!!! I love that I was able to update my old nat dex with things like BW legendaries + Amourous... spelling, and various other things, even Quilava and Dewatt! AYYYYYYYYY!!!!  And all the shinies?!  I can finally make a dent in shinies in my nat dex!! After I have all shinies or extras in Arceus.   I really want my Luxio in SWSH~
I transfered some pokemon from arceus into brilliant diamond. Everytime I select those pokemon or even go over them my game crashes. I've lost a about 6 hours worth of progress.
sir your content is amazing and i love watching you. but please sir... Arceus is pronounced with a hard C! yes there was all that controversy in the past etc etc... but pokemon company have made it clear that going forward the direction is to pronounce it with a hard C...
New Pokémon coliseum asap
I went to check mine but those games dint appear (I have legends arceus and let’s go pikachu)
Tldw: Gamefreak being incompetent fools as always.
Is it possible to transfer pokemon from other games without special game-specefic features to Arceus? Like a normal Rookidee or a normal Cramorant?
I just want Greninja in the game :/
I'm still unable to transfer. Keep getting the 10015 error. I don't have anything hacked.
Wouldn't be surprised if they announced we have to pay even more money to transfer special pokemon.
I think they changed how traded Pokémon work. I had a Lv. 1 shiny Charmander with 3 out of 5 max IV’s and Flame Thrower in poke home that I transferred to Brilliant Dimond for a new play through. First, the second it came over it lost Flame Thrower and it’s moves reset to its original ones. Second, once it reach level 11 it stopped listening to me despite the fact that I had the 1st gym badge. I thought I might just be because of the game I pulled Charmander from so I pulled over Pokémon from all the other games I had. All of them where hatch from eggs and I gave them new moves. All the moves I gave them in other games disappeared and they all stopped listening to me at level 11. I’ve never had an issue like this with traded Pokémon
Any chance we can get some SHORT shiny hunting guide videos?  Feels like this used to be the place for straightforward, informative vids.
What happened to a simple one size fits all storage place like bank 😅
So can I put kyogre or something in arceus or no
Can I put pikachu w/ cap in
Pre 2 mil subs gang!
What defines when a Pokémon will be moved into a Strange ball? And does the original poke all revert when transferred back?
Found something interesting, I transferred my shiny goomy from Legends Arceus to Sword and Shield and evolved it. Turns out it wasn’t the hisuian version. Actually prefer the regular shiny compared to the hisuian so I’m glad!
Can you use the move reminder to relearn deleted egg moves or do you really have to breed the pokemon all over again?
Why do some Pokémon have move and stat data and some do not?
I've got error code 500 detail code 10402 - one of my premium gts slots is errored out from trying to trade a shiny totodile from pogo for a necrozma - I guess the trade was right before 2.0's release.. so now I've got only 2 functioning gts slots of the three, a stuck shiny totodile, and no resolve via support :/
I thought Pokemon home was going to get turned off? Is that still happening?
One thing that I was hoping was since I have many copies of Darkrai, and in home it says that I can transfer it to PLA....but I have not done the quest to catch it since I do not have a saved file for BDSP. Kinda sucks.
5:55 haha
All the move discrepancies are why I still have yet to move a few of my Pokémon from older games out of Pokémon Home
With the new Pokémon home update, I transferred A stantler and an Ursaring from Pokémon colosseum and a Ursaring from Pokémon XD to Legends Arceus and evolved them so now technically they will have the ribbons of purification while having their new evolutions. This makes me unreasonably happy.
So you can’t transfer GMAX Eevee, Pikachu or Meowth because they evolve. What about GMAX Charizard?
Jersey here too! Great video, all the info in one spot!
I can’t believe we still don’t have the ability to mass sort our home Pokémon by number or name.   If we have a way of permanently doing it I’d love to hear it bc organizing is such a pain.
Its "ar - key - us" please say it correct, im dying from cringe
I'm still upset that they took away my Totem Pokemon's size
Let's promise us all to still obsess about Pokemon in our 80's!!!
helo is pokemon go compatible with pokemon home cause i really want a gengar on mh\y team on bdsp (i cant evolve haunter cause idont have switch online and ialso dont have any friends that have a switch  Edit: now I know it does work with go I didn’t transfer my gengar yet I just transferred my shiny roserade
I really wanted to transfer Deoxys to BDSP, but it wouldn’t let me do that because “I didn’t already capture the Pokémon”. But it let me transfer Celebi in though…
At what point in a new game can you transfer your Pokémon in from Home? If early on, wouldn't that make a game easy with high level Pokémon?  New player question.
does anybody know when pokémon home is going to be fixed anytime I try to transfer Pokemon from shining Pearl or legend of Arceus it says it ever has occurred
So now we gotta breed Ninjask and Persian AND wait DAYS until we get a outbreak for Spinda to get full national dex. Press F.
I can not access diamond and peal because of the it is the latest version.
Any one having the issue of transferring Pokémon from BDSP to SWORD SHIELD and the Pokémon has the SS stamp instead of BDSP logo? Kinda frustrating Lolol
Honestly I think it's just to move everything so you can use them in gen 9.
None of the mythic are transferable so I don’t know how I’m gonna beat the final 4 in bd
Definitely still a lot of bugs in Home. Hopefully things get fixed. I’d like to eventually see post Gen 4 Pokémon in BDSP
Does anyone know if I can transfer Arceus from PLA to Home to Sword?
Almost 2 mil!!!!
do a video. over how the evs transfer when going from PLA to sword and shield
We need a deep dive video of your Pokemon Home PLEASE!
song name at 9:21?
How come you don’t have the error code 10010 or 10015
have you figured out how transferring mints would work from pla to sword and shield   as of right now I'm haveing to bring the pokemon from sheild to Arceus(for easy mints) and then back to sheild
My home is plagued by the 10015 error. :( hopefully fixed this week.
I updated pokemon home on my switch and cell phone. I still can't transfer pokémon from or to brilliant diamond. I tried updating the game but it says I have the latest update for brilliant diamond 🤷‍♂️
It's really aggravating to see how messy the Pokemon Switch ecosystem has become. I remember back in the 3DS days when every Pokemon could be transferred between XY/ORAS, and then up to SM/USUM. Every move was in every game, and every Pokemon was in every game (even though Gen 7 didn't have the National Dex).
I still don't get how unovan zoroark isn't allowed yet other forms are. Edit: I didn't think kantonian Arcanine and unovan bravariay would be that way too
so they just shat on everything, pretty much, right?
Say I caught my palkia and giratina shiny in a pokeball and want to transfer to PLA when transferred back over to bdsp will they lose the pokeball and be in a strange ball ???
Finally I can start playing again with ALL my pokemon literally
The reason for the dialga, palkia, giritina not saving forms is because their item related and not form related
That question mark is just the game saying that you might not be able to take it out of the game if you put it in it happened to me with a pidgey in pokemon shining pearl
Wish they would make it so u can still access pokemon home and trade if you have more than 2 accounts on different devices linked to the same Nintendo linked account. I have this issue and it basically locks me from being able to do anything on pokemon home unless i delete my account which is a definite no-go
Why would they give a ha H.Growlithe but not allow it in the games with abilities?
It’s weird I don’t really see anyone complaining about Home forcefully changing your Pokémon’s moveset if you transfer it. I lost thunder punch on my infernape now if I transfer to bdsp.
I now only have 491 because Spinda and Nincada are banned 😑
Oooh boy am I so glad that I don't have the urge to collect all variations and forms of all pokemon.  I am very excited though to see an eventual AJP video of his entire living shiny-mega-totem-gmax-all forms dex video though!
is there a list of the pokémon that will and won't transfer to Arceus?
cant you get shiny locked pokemn on this
So much for bringing the Hisuian Pokémon into SWSH 😒
I completed the national dex and got shiny magerna
Is Mew bugged in Pokemon sword and shield , or (Brilliant diamond)  I transferee over my Mew from BD (gift from LGP) and it’s not registering in the Pokédex .
I have a question if you accidentally discard shaymin or release shaymin from Pokémon legends  Arceus can you get shaymin again
Question, do we know if we bottle cap buff Pokémon in let’s go or sword/shield and transfer them into BDSP or PLA, does it keep the buff or are those stats not transferable?
They waited so long to do this a large majority of people aren’t even playing Pokémon anymore it’s kinda sad
F**kin Finally! 🤬
Lol then the new games are going to come out with even more inconsistencies. What are they even doing?
Does anyone else suddenly see Basic box only? 👀
How Do U Organize Your Home Any Tips
Holy crap, I had no idea you can swap the boxes themselves. This information will save me from my insanity.
I dont think gamefreak will add spinda to any game ever again
Can Enamorus be in Sword and Shield?
Yeah the update took forever for me too. You still need Legal Shiny Galarian Moltres Austin John? If so comment
This is the first time I like this pokemon home.
Anyone notice for wonder trades, you can't pick out a box to trade from. You can sort by boxes but that as good as it gets. I had a wonder trade box that was pretty far down my list and if I try to scroll home usually crashes 😓
so here's a question what if I was to feed the soup that removes gmax ? would I be able to transfer it?
Doomsday is on the horizon. Believe Jesus is the Son of God. Repent, then, and turn to God, so that your sins may be wiped out, that times of refreshing may come from the Lord. Read the Bible
I want Groudon in PLA that is all 😭
If I bring my cyndaquil from shining pearl to home then send to Arceus what’s my final typhlosion look like? Regular or regional form?
gamefreak add like 3 pokemon to an old game to make pokemon in home consistently transferable challenge
I noticed that Shiny Alolan Vulpix is compatible with Arceus
surprised you didn't cover the mystery gifts that come with the update!
Was happy to know my Japanese oras arceus from yrs ago was still useable in New Gen games sadly that bs fight with pla arceus is stopping me from a battle in Sp
Still no charizard in PLA :(
The Let's Go quirk has been there for a while. You can move Let's Go Pokemon into and out of Home as much as you like, but if it touches another game at any point it can never go back to Let's Go.
The update is very good now
(:
Nice I just got this Update on my switch iv been waiting for this, It is compatible with Pokemon Bank tho right you can bring over Pokemon from 3ds games to BD and SP right like with sword and shield ?
I doubt you will see this but I want to try to do another less play in my shining Pearl but the Pokemon I transferred to it after beating the first gym as soon as they turn level 11 my pokemons act like they were traded from a different player so I don't know if that the Pokemon whole situation they need to fix or what because this didn't happen Soldier Shield or anything with Pokemon bank so I don't know what's going on hopefully this can help somebody
Anyone have an idea when celebi and deoxys are coming? I’m so close to finishing my living dex
Wait whats the point of this update if you cant bring the stuff exclusive to certain games all in one game? Isnt this update just basically expanded storage?
Pokemon home is trash.
why is the exposure so high???
For some reason I wasn't able to transfer  machamp and vileplume from bdsp to swsh. Anyone had the similar issue ?
I tried to move my BDSP living CEX to Home but wasn’t allowed to move over lumineon? Does anybody know why this may be or how to correct it? 😊
My Pokémon home has some stupid error message 😑
How does this work with pokemon from pokemon Go? Can i take a pokemon i caught in pokemon Go and put into my Shield game? and the other way around?
I actually used this to send my lvl 91 dialga from pla to bd because Cynthia was too hard to beat
One thing I have noticed was Pokémon moves change when loading that game. In home I have 2 Pokémon with happy hour. But when I search with bdsp loaded it shows none. The Pokémon are there but they have different moves.
Any update on the Pokemon Home National Dex google spreadsheet? The last version I have only goes up to the Sword/Shield DLC's. Would love to see how much easier it is to complete now with BDSP and PLA
Am I'm the only 1 who collects foreign Pokémon  for complete dex entry
Hi AJ! I just rewatched your ultra locke series for the first time since I was 9 and realized that the finale now has 22k likes first off congrats and second are we gonna get the Rainbow Rocket video? No pressure probably one of the only people who realized. Keep up the content and so close to 2 Mil GOOD LUCK!
You had to do the battle thing for shiny Galar Moltres. I forgot to sign up for the second tournament so i am missing Zapdos wich is actualy the one i wanted the most so that's a bummer.
Your consistency and quality of content never disappoints!
1.99M subs 👀
Worth the wait, im happy they've done it.
Here I go jumping back into my Pokémon games
If need a shiny moltres still I got you covered, I got an extra one in home I think
He’s back!
I missed shiny galar Zapdos
Now people can stop bitching about when the Home update will come out.
Do stats or anything change if you transfer a pokemon (gliscor) to BDSP or Legends Arceus, curious as it's my original one from Platinum
Is there a way to just sort Pokémon in order by national dex number without manually moving every individual Pokémon?
Is Austin St. John your brother?
Frustratingly, I’m unable to transfer Pokémon with Hisuian forms in their normal form to the Legends Arceus.
I just wanted to use my Hisuian Decidueye in comp battles....
This has nothing to do with the update just a personal opinion….why tf we gotta pay 16USD to access our Pokémon??  I’ve 1045 Pokémon and have them all in my home but I can’t even view them because my premium expired - granted I will eventually re purchase it, I’m just genuinely annoyed at pokemons consistent money sucking formulas like in unite, and 60usd for subpar games…just getting more and more disappointed in this company
Guys he’s so close! Get him to 2M subs
Well what's the point then? I was hoping to use hisuian Arcanine in swsh
I can’t transfer my Pokémon to home after the update it’s getting me a code error anyone knows why
Dialga, Palkia, Giratina, and Arceus changing back to their normal forms makes sense, because you can't transfer items into Pokemon Home.
Can you transfer Pokémon on your switch to the game because the app is not available on mobile in South Africa
What you said at 3:41 is not true, I've seen footage of Jhotonian sneasel in Hisui.
This should have come out a lot sooner and with more compatibility.  Everything pokemon has done on switch is a joke, just like most big gaming companies they put little care or effort into anything. Pokemon needs to get it together and make something good for once.
I was hoping that since you could nickname Jirachi and Mew you could nickname other mythicals transferred to BDSP, but you cannot:/
I heard somewhere that Alphas had increased stats, so if they are able to be transferred, which I think they aren't able to. Would they keep the increased stats?
cant wait for 2 mil!!
Well not for me sadly :(
what a mess the pokemon franchise is becoming.
The origin forms and Arceus reverting to default form probably has to do with those being forms requiring held items.
Was there ever a way to transfer the Flying/Surfing Pikachus from HGSS?? They were some of my favourite Pokemon that I could never transfer
I keep getting error code 10015 and my Pokémon are event Pokémon and Pokémon go mons
I keep getting error codes whether I move Pokémon over or not
Just a heads up, there’s a major issue with home atm for anyone who is unfortunate enough to have a bad egg in their home, it throws an error every time you try to save changes in home, making you unable to transfer any mons in or out of home to any game. An update is scheduled to fix this issue “by the end of may”…
i put a gmax gengar into legends arceus so idk why ur pikachu didnt work (1:29)
extra shinys is a concept I've only come to know in PLA, perfected glameow's dex entry, and still got 3 SHINY PURUGLYS BEFORE 1 GLAMEOW!!!!! side note...anyone want some puruglys?
Do any of you guys get the error code 10015?
Any reason why i cant transfer deoxys, latios, latias from pokemon go to BDSP?
I really hop that Alpha Pokémon Stay huge in Pokémon Crimson
I keep getting an error whenever I try to save after moving Pokémon in Pokémon home.
Finally. I can put a shiny giritina into legends
Hi Austin, if you need that Excel file I have already made one based on your original PLA file, if you want I can send it to you, it just need some adjustments for some forms and already contains the forms for visible "boxable variants" (ex. Minor)
God I'm so happy they connected Legends Arceus, because I was able to transfer a shiny Oshawott from Pokemon Go and now I have shiny Hisuian Samarott! I also traded over a few shiny Eevees and evolved them and wow you can appreciate shinies way better in Legends Arceus than any other game
I keep getting error code 10015 when i try to save my changes to the boxes. When i take a pokemon from either my BD or PLA and put it in my home box and try to save the changes afterwards it gives me that error code and shoves me back to the home title screen. Help please, and also i never cloned any of my pokemon so i know that's not the case.
Can Pokemon have both Alpha and G-Max? Like, if I send an Alpha Pikachu or Gengar to SWSH, can I give it max soup to have G-Max and Alpha? I currently have a G-Max dex and I'm working on an Alpha dex and I was curious. I'm not crazy enough to start collection every combination of these new attributes though lol
When you transfer an alpha pokemon to sword and shield the alpha logo is Gone but when you transfer the alpha back to legendes arceus it is alpha again.
The gift pokemon came as Japanese pokemon? With Giritina,  the form always reverts when you send from pokemon go so I'm not surprised they all revert tbh.
Origin Giratina was never boxable. This is also why I don't do a 'form dex', I just replaced the original with the newest variant if possible.
I miss your Ash hats
A little too late Pokémon is dead to me
what annoys me with new update - in gts - pokemon wanted - you cant select pokemon box for easy search. i specially valuable trades put in seperate box, but now i need to scroll through 2k pokemon and guessing which is the one id like to trade away
Getting an error 10015. Seems like others are getting this as well and that’s preventing saving any changes to pokemon home. Can’t transfer from PLA to home at all
Wait, there was a way to get the birds shiny? I completely missed that bit of news…. Ugh..
Mine just continually gives me an error despite that I have no hacked pokemon. Error 10015.
They should let you trade any Pokémon into Home… That’s the purpose right? To store and keep a collection from all your games into one place. Then just restrict what Pokémon can transfer to which game.
I know its a longshot but that excel spreadsheet you use to complete your form dex, would you be willing to share it? I am trying to complete a living/form dex myself. If no its not big deal. :)
Finally. Got some heavy transferring to get to
Can you say transfer a primarina from swsh to bdsp any of the legends like landorus
I'm making a competitive Shiny apriball National Dex.
"If Shiny Origin Form Giritina uses Shadow Force, the game will crash" *music stops* Not sure if the timing was intentional but I found that pretty funny lmao
Sad, i feel like the hisuian pokemon (i mean the regional one) is for gen 9 but when the game is transferable after like 3 to 6 month after the game release since those pokemon have ability and HA right? That's sad.
I learn something new yesterday - Shieldon is not obtainable in Sword/Shield when I tried to transfer from Shining through Home.
The way Home adjusts moves is fine but the way it removes moves that it can learn in both gen 8 and gen 4 is a pain in the arse. Hopefully an update fixes this irritating issue.
for some reason after the update the mobile version of pokemon home says my pikachu doesn't have a pokeball. I got it in lets go's viridian forest.
best game we trade
Could you link the excel sheet for all the forms when you’re done??? not sure if ive seen it anywhere
I brought over some of my old Pokémon contest mons into Brilliant Diamond and it turns out all of their contest buffs from ORAS are still retained in BDSP.
Anyone else getting an error code and not being allowed to log in?
🥰
Cool! Now i can transfer my shiny Shaymin into PLA
Info that wasn’t in Pokémon’s announcement of the deposit distribution: the Cyndaquil with max grit, if transferred into BDSP, has its hidden ability and 2 IVs of 31, just like the Gen 4 starters.
I'm a bit miffed that I have to remake movesets, but glad I can at least bring it in
Well I’m happy I can finally transfer my Pokémon but every time I try to it’s saying error code…. I hope it’s a glitch or something because, if not I waited for this update in vain. Sigh
I got it at like 4 pm eastern yesterday
I have an issue with a shiny rotom from gen 6, that makes my PLA game to crash when I try to select it in pastures lol
Ar Keeus but im glad home is updated and capatable
Is there still no auto-sort functionality in Home?
Can some help me????? I sent my Pokémon from Arceus and it didn’t register in my pokedex on home y is that????
Every pokemon content channel was foaming at the mouth at the first sign of something new in months
If you transfer hissuin cyndaquil  into bdsp and evolve it your get a normal typhlosion.. it's nice because hisuian shiny typhlosion suck
Is it possible to go from usum to bdsp?
I just realized you had a Shiny Psyduck in a Strange Ball. Flawless combo.
Austin I need help, if you read this please! I am trying to transfer a Palkia which I moved from Pokemon Go, to Pokemon Home and I wanted to move it to Brilliant Diamond, but when I want to move it Home says I can't move it because it doesn't exist on that save file even though I have the National Dex, do you know what the reason might be?
2 million subs... It's only a matter of time now.
Probably a dumb question but would I be able to put say Mew in home would I be able to put it in Arceus?
The plural of ARCeus is Arcei not Arseuses
Little disappointed I can’t transfer Hisuin variants into SWSH, but oh well… I’ll hopefully get to rock Arceus with my Tyranitar I’ve had since Gen 3!
Dude play Elden Ring. Everyone would watch that
I finally got Pokémon home and I moved my Shiny Celeby from PoGo and I can’t move it to PBD
i wonder if can transfer pokemon like charmander from bdsp to pokemon home then to pokemon swsh and then teach it a move like thunderpunch and send it back to bdsp
are you allowed to send Arceus from Home to PLA?
Just wondering if anyone knows if You can transfer Deoxys into bdsp or other mythical Pokémon
I keep getting error code 10015 when doing anything in Pokémon home has anyone encountered this?
Remember, you can go from Pokémon GO to Let's Go Pikachu/Eevee and catch them again, then from Let's Go Pikachu/Eevee over to Home, then over to Legends Arceus, back to Home, then over to BDSP, back to home, then over to Sword/Shield to complete the timeline.
Thanks for the information. Unfortunately Spinda is the last pokemon I need for my Shi9ning Pearl Pokedex... so I got to trade with someone or just get lucky and have it be the horde for the day. yay...
Finally! I moved all my perfect dittos to my game
Are the gift pokemon for linking supposed to be the jpn versions. I'm from NA and was confused that they were jpn versions of the bdsp and arceus starters
love the way u break stuff down, thanks as always austin 🙏🏽
I love your videos so much Austin John plays keep up the good work man
I want a game where every single Pokémon can be brought in that game soon I hope so
Jokes on you I can’t transfer ANYTHING. A random mon that wasn’t hacked became an egg and now I can’t do anything with Home without error 10015. But Nintendo said the fix is coming end of May.
It wouldn’t let me transfer a LV15 Moltres from GO into BDSP. It said “the selected Pokémon brought over from Pokémon GO has not been obtained in this save file”
What's the deal with pokemon go? Can you transfer from go to bdsp?
Someone answer for me if they can  If I have a shiny giratina in home with a luxury ball and transfer it to legends (it will have the strange ball now)  If I put it back into diamond pearl will it keep the strange ball or go back to luxury?
They just made this a huge confusing mess and I'm glad I didn't get LoA, looked to janky
What the G above the Pokémon?
And the gift Pokémon for depositing from Arceus and BDSP are in Japanese 😂
This upgrade is pointless. I had a duplicate shiny rayquaza on Pokémon go, transferred it to pokemon home, and found out the hard way that I couldn’t transfer it into Legends Arceus. Grrrrrr......
The Pokedex doesn’t add the measurements of alphas.
What really really REALLY pisses me off is that moves get changed when transferring to BDSP. I have a Swellow (my fav Pokémon) with egg- and tutor moves (Boomburst, Heatwave) that I specifically prepared for transfer from game to game to collect ribbons. It currently has 28 different ribbons (gen 6 onwards) and I was already sad that Swellow wasn't in SWSH and that ribbon titles weren't a thing in BDSP but now that also means that Boomburst, my favourite move for Swellow, is STILL completely unavailable in BDSP for Swellow AND Chatot, even though it usually is a completely legal move through breeding. And "the game it came from" isn't accessible for this Swellow so I'm not risking putting it into BDSP and potentially losing all the moves because I can't transfer it back. Guess I'll be hoping Swellow will be in Scarlet/Violet without them deleting its entire moveset
I need that spreadsheet man the one u made for legends was amazing it helped a lot
NO MORE DEX CUT IN ALL THE FUTURE POKEMON GAMES!
5:45 about that shiny Psyduck. "It may not move [back] to certain games [namely Let's Go, where it was caught]"  If you move a pokémon from Let's Go into Home, it may go back into Let's Go. But if it goes to other games instead (BDSP, SWSH, Legends), then it may never go back into Let's Go - that's what that caveat was about  [edit] oh you got it right after
What about PLA Pokemon and Abilities? Do they just get assigned an ability they would have in SWSH BDSP when transferred?
Really glad.. ur back bro...
This guy doesn't know how to pronounce Pokémon names!   He thinks Arceus is pronounced as "Arse-ee-us" and that Dialga is pronounced as "Die-all-guh".  It's "ARC-EE-US!"  Is it called the "Arse Phone"?  No!  It's called the "Arc Phone"!  Dialga is pronounced as "Dee-All-Guh"!  Seriously, dude!  Watch the damn animé already!  Learn how to pronounce names!  Also, the Pokémon pluralized names, match their singular names!  As Misty stated in a Pokémon Episode: "Wow!  Look at all the Pikachu!"  Just like you wouldn't say "Pokémons", you wouldn't say "Pikachus".  Anyway, they have way too damn many restrictions on the Home update, that it's not funny!  I will have to toss my awesome Shinies and the Legendaries I caught in PL: A into my Home and bring them into my 9th gen Pokémon game!  Right now, I'm eyeing Scarlet, because I like Red and hate the colour "purple", but we shall see.
Also, this is the same for movesets I tried to transfer my scizor when it had acrobatics, swords dance, x scissor, bullet punch, but Instead it used its original moveset when I switched it to bdsp
I tried getting some Pokémon from Bank to home (170) right after I could log in into Home. Ad I got error 2-alzta-0006 code 9007. Does anyone know how to fix it ot or has anyone been having the same issue?
I actually really like the look of the strange ball.
Because of the Spinda issue, it is the only Pokemon im missing to complete my BDSP pokedex.
I spent a good hour sorting everything and renaming all the boxes just to be told I couldn't save because of two bad eggs I got from transferring my buddy's bank up. Bit sad, hopefully we get to delete hacked pokemon soon so I can bring up some guys for dex completion
I swear this update is magic. No wonder it took this long. Love everything that's changed
How do you get sky forme shaymin?
Sweet update
the gmax thing is probably to stop evolution of gmax pokemon
When you’re done organizing your home boxes, I’d love to see an in-depth look at your collection!
I didn't even bother looking into the update until this video came out because I knew I'd get the best info here.
How do IVs and EVs work when moving a pokemon between PLA and BDSP/SWSH?
Guys?... Does anyone else think this is a complete mess or Is it just me? The incompatibility is a jumbled mess and it could be confusing to some people. And it's gonna get worse with Scarlett and violet because the Pokemon that were compatible before aren't guaranteed to work in a new game so it's even MORE incompatibility. What a headache.
I can't even use the damn app cuz I have a stupid bad egg in my Home. Literally can't even save and exit cuz it gives me an error code.
What’s driving me nuts is not being able to see clean stat comparisons between PLA/other monsters, and the pre-existing issue of not being able to have boxes side-by-side unless you’re linking with a game that restricts which monsters’ stats you can see. A lot of hoops to jump through just to compare stats and make sure my living dex has my strongest of each monster.
Please make a video on how all your Pokémon Home boxes are sorted
Could I put something like mankey or sawk into legends arceus if I owned it in another game?
Stupid question, maybe... You can't transfer Pokemon from home to Legends Arceus that wouldn't naturally appear in Legends Arceus... Right?
Having No National Dex still sucks especially in the new Pokemon Home update which is still a huge disappointment in my opinion due to some of the Pokemon not being in the Pokemon games but for real I still want the National Dex to come back in future Pokemon games so that I can transfer all of my Pokemon that I still have in Pokemon Home.
Hey Austin, I believe I have a spare G moltres from the competition on an alternate switch. I can trade to you if you want it.
I hope they’d update it again to make moves that are in either games to be cross compatible. Like BDSP gave some Pokémon new egg moves to older mons that normally can’t in SWSH or older games, but ARE programmed and exist in SWSH, but the moment you transfer any of those Pokémon from BDSP to SWSH, the moves are reset to the last four of the level up of that Pokémon. It’s a shame that the Special Darkrai and Arceus event ones with Spacial Rend and Roar of Time can’t be brought over to PLA or BDSP even tho those moves exist in said games.
Há uma task no Pokémon Home, pedindo pra transferir as 3 Origin Forms, acredito que seja um problema e não algo proposital
If I want to EV train for battling other players, is taking a SWSH Pokémon to Legends - using the grit and taking it back to Sword a viable option?  It seems like the fastest way to me
The moveset modifier is extremely annoying, having it wipe egg moves and legal moves (eg. Zapdos not having access to Hurricane and Heat wave, while Volkner in the battle tower uses one) stating that “some moves Pokémon learn may differ”. I could understand if they were replacing PLA moves which did not exist in BDSP or better yet, patch BDSP to support those moves, but no they decide it’s a better idea just to erase the moves that you had on your Pokémon and give them level up moves. Since Gen iv, when has Latios not been able to learn the moves Draco Meteor ice beam and thunderbolt? If they restricted this to Pokémon with illegal moves (eg. Charmander with Blue flare) I would totally understand, but it is frustrating when they implement such features so poorly. Really hope that gets patched out soon, having to chain breed just so my Tyranitar can relearn the Dragon Dance it always had is just ridiculous
Really wish I could transfer over my Deoxys’. I miss playing with them :c
I have a shiny iron fist infernape that had thunder punch before being traded to bdsp. Very disappointed
I never did get Giratina, Arceus, or the weather quartet. I never did beat that Yolo guy or whatever his name is either. I might try again one day, but I honestly just don’t care anymore.
Shield pokemon should be able to trade to dimond and arcues its not fair
I am really outraged with Pokemon Home right now, because if I wanted to transfer pokemon to a new game THEY WOULD HAVE TO RELEARN ALL OF THEIR MOVES!  Egg Moves, Ultimate moves for starters only, and moves that the pokemon learn in game are all replaced with generic inferior moves. My Arcanie which I transferd from ORAS, knew Outrage, Flare Blitz, Crunch and Reversal, and if I transferd it to BDSP it would know Ember, Growl, Bite, and Tackle! Egg moves and ultimate moves for freindly starters only  are also removed , which means that all that time you spent breeding and befreinding you pokemon counts for nothing when moved to a new game. I have pokemon transferred all the way from Platinum, that I worked hard to get them the perfect move set, and now it gets erased and replaced with infeiror moves when transferd to BDSP. This is understandable for Legends Arceus, which was missing many moves, but for S&S BDSP this is completly unacceptable! And if the pokemon wasn't in either of those games theny they show as having no stats or moves in home, WTF?! If they can't keep the moves they had, which still exist in game, then whats the point of bringing them into a new game if they are all going to get reset and you have to grind for heart scales and TMs just to get the moves back?! I wanted to run all my lvl 100 teams through the elite 4 in BDSP but I guess I can't now because of this move switching crap.
X and y and aloan pokemon get little to no love I expect to see them in scarlet
I am still having issues with error 10015, 2-altza-0005.......my Pokémon are caught 100% legit by myself
Only day after release and we already got a video. What a legend.
you are late to this
Whats up with spinda and mothim though
anybody else having an issue with moves being forgotten/replace? I transferred pokemon from sword to bdsp and all there moves got switched out
Some of pokemon moves changed in the move from home to shining peral:( good by whirlpool perish song dewgong.
Is there a reason we can’t trade or trade for the shiny Galarian birds? Does it have to do with rewards/event etc?
Anyone got a spinda they can trade me on BDSP?
Thanks for your consistently clear, thought out and quality videos. It's honestly the best Pokemon content on Youtube and it always helps me keep my finger on the pulse on what is going with the Pokemon video games.  With all these quirks of what can and can't be traded between games due to compatibility between titles, I personally feel that Pokemon Bank is becoming less and less useful and more of a hastle than its worth.  Rather than holding our data to ransom with a subscription fee, I wish they would just implement cloud saves for all the Switch Pokemon titles and use Home just as a platform of swapping mon's between games.  All it would take is for your Switch to be stolen, break or malfunction and you'll lose every mon in your collection that you don't have in Home - all that time and effort gone to waste.   With all that in mind, Home feels kind of messed up and, in my opinion, it's the worst part of modern Pokemon games - especially as half your mon's can get stuck in it and essentially just turn into a digital gallery.  Anyway, great video as always - rant over 😂
4:10 I didn't want to say I just Knew that there would incompatibility issues (with the new hisuian forms), however it's still sucks that we're paying a service to transfer pokemon and we still can't "FULLY" do that. Another thing, what was the point of the new hisuian forms other than marketing bait?
this gonna make completing the PLA dex way easier
Do you share your excel sheet for the form dex in the description or another video? I want to work on it too. Thanks.
Now I can I finally use yanma early on in bdsp
Kinda annoyed that the moves are changed from pokemon on BDSP. My Johto starters with amazing moves got massive nerf.
Finally! Feels like forever since we got a big update like this!🤩
At long last
The unfortunate thing for me is, I will never be able to get deoxys, I don’t have one. I do have two regirocks and registeels though 😑😑. Deoxys, the one Pokémon eluding me to complete my national dex
You can only move one mew from each save of bdsp. I was going for a mew of every nature and traded them from my alts to my main and now the ones I got so far are stuck on that one account.
Can someone please trade me one spinda?i want only that for completing the dex
I just checked if you get anything special for bringing a og dp mon to the game designers like in oras but just a screen... thats dissapointing not even a special statue for the base?
I do not like that much the movement changes in every pokemon, I understand that for PLA is important but I have pokemon sitting in home since USUM like torterra or houndoom and when i ssent them to BDSP they moves were just all wrong, yes, maybe some like Hidden Power are no more, and maybe they could have just do what they did with SWSH, not scramble everything just because. I am spending a lot on TMS and Heart scales.   On the other hand, thank u AJ, ur content is the best.
Awesome
So can we now turn shiny palkia and dialga into their origine forms?
Is it Christmas again? There is a new AJP video! :D
Shiny Galarian Moltres is my favorite of the three shinys
Pokémon home is trash
can we get an auto sort for pokemon Home
has no one created an application to connect to your switch to organize all pokemon yet instead of that lame temporary organization. I'd pay the like 5 or 10 bucks to have something that would do that
Fair warning, transferring BDSP can remove Egg moves, too. I had a Gen 4 Typhlosion that knew Extrasensory, brought it to Shining Pearl for that new contest ribbon and give it Flash Fire via Ability Patch, moves were removed and changed to the standard level up set. I went the move reminder, and Extrasensory wasn't there, despite being able to be relearned in the previous generations if I accidentally deleted it. I was then told that it should come back when it goes back to Home...after doing all that I wanted and sent it back to Home, it still had the moveset from its time in Shining Pearl. I had to resort to teaching it via daycare with another Typhlosion that knew it and gave Howl as well. For a test I deleted Howl and went to the move reminder and it wasn't there to relearn. Now I have a Typhlosion that can't relearn something it was bred to have and will be forced to run 3 fire moves and Focus Blast if some stuff happens and I lose Extrasensory again.
Dang it I was hoping to bring shiny johtonian typhlosion into legends arceus.
You and BLAINES need to do some collaborations or live stream conversations back and forth
What about if you sent a Alolan vulpix
I don’t see anyone here speaking on the new errør that occurs with having eggs in home that doesn’t allow u to transfer with the error code 10015 along with another error code of 2-ALZTA-0005
Speaking of the shiny birds at the end of the video: I'm still annoyed that I missed out of the first one because every website had incorrect information and said you only had to do 1 battle. I do have the shiny second and third bird, but I'm missing the first one 😔
does anyone know if i "may" be able to use a 2nd profile on my switch, get BDSP save data, and get the darkrai event on PLA, to then transfer over to my main BDSP file? i forgot to claim the darkrai bdsp event, but id rather leave the PLA one on its save file
Hey could you cover the error 10015 that everyone's getting? People are now getting it after the 2.0 update.
When they going make Pokémon bank free?
You should cover a video that for some reason you can only bring in one mythical and legend of that kind per a save like for instance if put dialga or palkia or let's say mew it will only allow one of them so if you start a new game and earn them again it won't let you store that new one on home it will say it was already saved into home per a file now idk if they do this to legends or not
Waiting for the glowing eyes of the Majoras mask to full brightness feels like the dvd logo hitting the corner.
Last night I was just chilling and say “Pokémon home update complete” and I though…. Oh… time for some reorganizing
I sorta wish we had a Pokédex 3D pro like thing added that included voiced pronunciation and stuff
This is so cool I can't wait to trade stuff from everywhere! Thanks for the video my dude.
How did I miss the info about the shiny legendary alolan bird trio. 😭 I needed those for my shiny living dex!
Simple just leave youre pokemon in the game if you don't want any problems there you go merry Christmas lol ^_^
remember the new forms of hisiuan are going to new pokemon game Scarlet/Violet gane
I have an extra shiny glarian Moltres if you want it
unless its free its still pointless and stupid
Can i pass a Hisuian form to Sword and Shield?
Can sort of see why this update took so long to get sorted
I can't transfer Darkrai into PLA from HOME...
I still can't move my pokemon over getting error 10015
how can i fix this error message that keeps showing up 😩 someone help
Everytime I try to transfer anything from legends it just gives me error 10015??
Thank you for the information on Spinda! I couldn't for the life of me understand why it wasn't transferring.
Another quirk I noticed with nincada that no one is talking about it that the shiny one I caught in BDSP with radar hunting is able to be brought to Home, but I can't transfer it to Sword and Shield for some reason even though all my other radar hunting shinies have no issues. So I think they might have gone a little aggressive with the nincada filtering since there shouldn't be concerns about it being cloned in Sw/Sh. I'm just hoping it isn't permanently stuck in Home/BDSP. I'm still able to send it back and forth between those two, but it can't go anywhere else, despite nincada being available in Sw/Sh's dex.  EDIT: I've made a discovery. In the list of compatible games, nincada is listed as just whichever game it originated from and Home. That was their sloppy solution it seems. To just prevent them from being transferred anywhere rather than deal with the sloppy code of BDSP
This update is weird, home doesn't allow me to trasnfer a shiny attack deoxys to bdsp caught in go but it allows the defence form
Something i noticed  is that pokerus  has no effect if switched over to PLA
Aww man! Should I give up my shiny alpha hunt then? I wanted some for pokemon Scarlet and Violet but if they're only alpha in PLA I won't waste the time 😭
Not gonna lie, I found it super annoying to find out I couldn't transfer the Origin forms. I don't know why GameFreak chose to do that. In my opinion, that was just stupid. Especially considering Shaymin's form is now boxable
Did anyone else expierience a error code when trying to transfer pokemon i keep getting one
That's good to know. So an Alpha Pokémon will become normal if put in another game, but become Alpha again if moved back to PLA. Nice addition since the Totem thing. Wonder why you still can't see square shinies in Home though
FINALLY time to update the living Dex and the spreadsheet of progress towards the shiny dex!
I can’t transfer Deoxys (from Go) from home to BDSP, is this happening for anyone else?   It says “this Pokémon isn’t registered in the Pokédex yet” so either can’t be transferred or there’s a potential event happening for it?
Whats the point of putting the hisuian forms into home when you can't send them to bdsp and sword and shield
Finally! The upgrade I've been looking forward to!
Honestly a bit angry that Spinda can’t be transferred over to HOME. All that effort shiny hunting with the radar only to have then stuck in a dead game.
Surprised you didn't mention the 10015 bad egg error which locks people out of being able to transfer things and such, lots of innocent players who got hacked pokemon via wonder trade suffering due to it, my national dex and 200+ shiny Pokémon now locked away... at least my most rare and important pokemon are in their games like my pokeball magearna is in my sword still as an example... so there's that at least
I'm working on a full fork living dex right now, and I noticed that my dex was off compared to yours. Turns out I was missing a female scyther. Went to go get it real quick (turns out I already had one in pokemon sword). Point is, thank you for allowing me to notice my mistake!
I was trying to do my Giritinas research tasks and I was wondering why it kept crashing💀
I just wanna know if I can throw Lycanroc into my Pearl run
John you don't seem very happy
damn I really wanted to bring my 10' 8" alpha shiny machamp into Scarlet
What about IVs for pokemon from PLA into the main games?
omg way too complicated for me...
i recently traded in my switch lite to get a new switch and was unaware pokemon isn’t compatible with cloud save so i lost all my pokemon data like a week ago in 4 games and they dropped this update on my birthday yesterday which kinda left me depressed so that sucks lol
When the world needed him most, he returned
I able to use deoxys and celebi.
it's not letting me I update home and bdsp but it says I don't have the latest version? so idk what to do
Yeah this version needs to be patched, way too many issues. Especially after how long they took
I wish I knew sooner about movesets. There goes my egg moves 🥺
Does this mean.. I CAN HAVE CELEBI IN BDSP?!?!?
simultaneously giving us something and taking away even more. typical TPC.
That’s why you didn’t post yesterday lol I was like what’s up with Austin Johns video!!
Thank you AJ, I do appreciate all the info and I like the forme boxes that you did.  My main reason for wanted home capability with BDSP was to complete the dex in BDSP, (I have not gone into Home yet, but do you know if I can transfer specific pokemon from Home into BDSP with no problem?  (Ex. deoxys, celebi, any pokemon that requires trades/held item trades)  Any information would be helpful (I know a lot of us have been waiting a long time for this)
So basically it world but doesn't let you have any fun with the new forms
I can't access it thanks to a random egg that somehow made it from Bank and all the bad wonder trade pokemon from Sword/Shield trading. Error code 10015. Glad I'm paying money and my entire shiny live in dex is now stuck on Home.
I'm locked out of transferring because of a bad egg that I've had stuck since transferring from Bank way back around Sword and Shield absolute BS just bought a three month subscription. 😠
That sucks on that shiny moltress
So my dream of using kleavor for vgc is pretty much dead right? 😓😓
Can Pokémon not in the SWSH dex be transferred from BDSP? For example, Gliscor?  If not honestly not sure why I should care about this update lol
Pokemon Scarlet and Violet Pokemon Home
Can you do a video on the stat comparisons and how stats stay consistent, or don’t, between games? Also if ribbons obtained in bdsp stay on a Pokémon that has left bdsp and transferred back?
For your Alpha Dex btw, transfer an Alpha Mime Jr. into SwSh, and evolve it there. You can get an Alpha Galarian Mr. Mime and a Mr. Rime. It only shows the alpha status in home however.
can someone trade me a spinds?
From what i heard doing a specific move with shiny origin palkia in PLA will crash the game
What a adventure to get all 242 and I finished Pokemon Legends Arceas yesterday afternoon thanks for your awesome videos my game tricked me with a surprise to get a shiny Arceas with a .5% chance of this to happen and I used my Pokemon Home save file for my shiny Shayman and Darkrai Dialga and Palkia Giratina Reggigiggas and my long lost Cresealia all shiny
FINALLY!!!!
great video! too bad hisuian zoroark can't be transferred to swsh.. that would be so busted lol
Are there any events for transfers to legend’s
Almost 2 million subs! Lets GO!
5:40 that happens when a Pokémon from let’s go is transferred to any other game saying that it can never go back to let’s go
It's bugged to all hell for me, I can log in and move pokemons to my HOME, then I try to save and it gives me an 10015 error.
Now if only they could make it so the GTS is not all people asking for rare forms of Furfrou...
Cloned pokemon from the early glitch in bdsp cant be transfered outside of it
That's so weird, I'm in NJ too (morris county) and I was able to get on yesterday afternoon at like 3-4pm
And now I have an excuse to start sinking time into Pokemon again. Oh no.
are you going to release the HOME living dex checklist you were working on now? I've been waiting
I really want galarian Ponyta in legends arcues so bad. It's my favorite non mythical Pokemon. Please game freak I need to bring my baby home. She's so girly and named after me
Where can I find that excel of the pokemon forms you mentioned? I tried creating one of my own for a living shiny/form dex but I liked a lot of the features yours had.
I straight up can't use pokemon home now because I have the 10015 error, from what I've heard it's because of bad eggs, I've kinda had those bad eggs in my pokemon home for awhile, but still able to use pokemon home
I always rely on you making these videos, because Nintendo doesn't explain things, AT ALL. Thanks, Austin John. Gonna refer your video to my buddy so she can get onboard, too.
bruhhhh the main reason I was excited about Home update was using my shiny Spinda from ORAS in BDSP :(
I do not ever care about pokemon but this video is much more informative then Game explain.
The way they handled moves made me really upset. I just want psycho cut absol in pearl but noooooooo
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined. I was happy because I thought I could finally take advantage of Home to do things like use TRs from SwSh to teach new moves to some of my Pokemon on BDSP and turns out you freaking can't. Moves change depending on the game it's moved to so using a TR in SwSh won't matter because the Pokemon won't keep the move in BDSP. That also means I can't transfer Pokemon with egg moves because they won't keep those either. I can understand needing to change the move sets for Legends but why BDSP?
Thanks for the video!   Also, in case you didn't know, the reason it took Pokemon home so long to let you in is because they were slowly letting in random users for server stability.
I.v's?
I’m in Ohio, literally took 24 hours from 5pm to 5pm before it went live.
Your consistency and quality of content never disappoints! ❤
So many weird issues
My guess on why the other Arceus forms are not transferable is because the form changing items are held items in every games beside PLA. I am not sure that is also the of Giratina's item. They could be intending to make the Origin form Dialga and Palkia items held items in future games. (Edit to correct the typos)
I discovered the shiny origin form shadow force thing last night on accident! It was so weird i thought it was something with the move animation somehow being too straining
Can anybody tell me why when I’m on Pokémon go and trying to transfer Pokémon to shiny pearl that the Pokémon I have in home have completely different moves than when I left them there with? I’m trying to transfer Pokémon from home to arcues/ shinning pearl and all my Pokémon in home have different move sets and all garchomp, staraptors etc all have the same move set. Does anybody know why and where my moves went lol
Austin John is a Pokémon master
Uggh, I am so bloody angry that you can't transfer a Pokemon's moves over.  Just completely defeats the purpose of even buying Pokemon Home in the first place.  If you have to hollow out your Pokemon just to get it into the newest generation than its not at all worth transferring
So what are we supposed to do about BDSP Spinda? Are they gonna fix it later or do we have to wait for RNG to let us get them in the swarm?
Thanks for the information hope you have a awsome day
Anyone else getting an error message every time you try to save changes?
Hi Austin John I have 2 shiny galarian moltres and I missed redeeming my zapdos.  Wanna trade?
So if I max out a pokemon with grit items in Legends Arceus, are they max IV and EV in other games? Also do they get Abilities in other games when coming from Legends Arceus? It's really confusing lol.
Really? I got on when I got home from work at about 6pm est. Florida ahead of it’s time for once haha lol (likely the last time too)
It's been 3000 years... -AZ
I hope they have DLC content in the future for PLA so the other regional forms can be included. Alolan Vulpix and Jotohnian Sneasel are already in the game so I wouldn't be surprised if they're planning more stuff.
Too bad about these form losses when it comes to Gen 4 legendaries being moved to Home from BDSP, but at least Giratina remains its origin form when it comes from Pokémon Go.
I keep getting error 10015 even though none of my Pokémon are hacked and it appears even if I don’t transfer anything
I don't really care I just need some of my lol 100 pokemon to beat Volo lol.
Im so freaking mad at this update... i knew there would be compatibility issues, but never did I imagine pokemon from older games would lose their egg moves going into bdsp. I should've left them in USUM.
This thing they did with the moves changing is terrible. There are so many Pokémon in BDSP with inadequate movesets that would benefit from a move tutor or being taught moves from TR’s in SWSH but now you CANT fix their movesets. Why was this done?
I now have 2000 points in SP thanks to all the pokemon I moved in- PLA is basically gonna allow people to farm points my god.
I keep getting error messages in mine
How do I her celebi and deoxys in bd?
It was great to finally be able to update all my different boxes and Dexes in Home finally
Pikachu with a g max factor can't even evolve
Error 10015 is holding me hostage
We waited THIS long and they still messed it up
Does someone know if you can move a mimikyu into Legends
Are Bergmite & Goomy from PLA not transferable to Sword & Sheild?
*Fun Fact -* Pokémon that have the *G-Max Factor* despite lacking a *G-Max form* _(for example: evolved Gigantamax Eevee)_ can be transferred. Not sure if the Pokémon retains it when you transfer it back into Sw/Sh, though.
your Shiny Psyduck must be from Let's Go since the warning that it gives you about other games is the warning that it gives you when something from Let's Go is transferred to Home then to Galar for example then it can't go back to Let's Go. I'd imagine it'll be the same regarding PLA or BDSP too regarding transfers from Let's Go and based on the video it seems like that's the case
Took an L on the shiny birds event
Restart bd and got the 151 immediately 😅 trying to get the national dex asap too for the shiny charm
Hoo boy. I'm glad you did a video on this. Seen so many channels doing videos on this and they did not know WHAT THE F- they were talking about.  I always appreciated your work, but I do now, even more than before.
Some players are getting error codes when it trys to save
god i haven't seen you in a while how are you austin?
If you bring a Pokémon from the 3DS or SwSh, that you bred for 31IVs and EV trained, and then sent it to PLA, what does that do to the Effort Levels? For example, what would the EL be for a Cyndaquil from _Pokemon Y_  that has a 31IV and 252EVs in Special Attack?
I find it so weird and stupid that we can’t transfer regional variants to Arceus except Sneasel and probably Vulpix, correct me if I’m wrong.
Thanks for the shiny giratina glitch.  Was planning on transferring that this evening
Okay - this might be a stupid question..but can you now transfer Pokémon that aren’t in Arceus’s pokedex into the game now?
Hey yoooo! Now I can do a run with my favorite joto starter! It's the water one and I won't try to spell it's name because I know I'll screw it up badly
2:37 😦. All I have to say
I sadly can't even attempt to do anything on it because of the 10015 error 😞
Must be nice I have the 10015 error
Damn Austin, where you at this whole time
I love this man. Always appreciate your helpful updates!
So what this tells me, is that legends is a gen 9 game and BDSP is gen 8 because of the transferable pokemon
Damn I was so hyped on transferring my shiny giratina to PLA
This is a PSA for anyone transfering Pokémon up from Platinum to BDSP: If you taught your Pokémon a move at the move tutor house on Route 212 in exchange for underground shards, that Pokémon will lose that move when transfered over to BDSP. I had an Infernape that I taught Thunder Punch to in Platinum using that tutor, and it was replaced with Psych Up when moved to BDSP.  Unsure if it’ll do the same thing for moves from the Snowpoint or Survival Area tutors
Thanks man! Your daddy energy is the best!
I hope gen 9 has all the Arceus pokemon.
I just need one spinda for BDSP to get my shiny charm and I don’t have one
someone knows what determines the size that the pokemon will have once transferred in PLA?
is anyone else getting an error code when trying to use Home?
Personally, I wish we got a new app that is like a daycare for pokemon but on your phone!  So you can hatch eggs and all that stuff
this would be really cool, but i don't have home...
Miss your ac videos 🥲
It sucks that the strange ball is only in BDSP and PLA and not SWSH :/
Idk if this is new, but has Home always organized Pokemon by number when you move them from a game to Home?
So Registeel from Pokémon Go could not be transferred into DB SP
I’ve been waiting for this update, everyone was. I’m hunting for a shiny ✨ Rampardos and I really wanna transfer it for future games. Not to mention PLA has some really cool Pokémon I’d like to keep.
They really gotta make a stadium style battler that pulls from home for the switch so we can use every pokemon we own in something
Coming up on 2 million subs congrats
I honestly dont mind losing compatibility with LGPE but it makes me wonder if we will ever have this issue again later on
I was so confused when I couldn't transfer Spinda into home from Brilliant Diamond. Probably has something to do with how hard it would be to convert its spots from the differing programming languages.  Edit: Yep, you covered it. xD
Found out the hard way that Pokémon at lv 1-5 will have their moves set to their levels 😭😭😭 my team was reset in their moves, not the IV’s or EV’s tho 😅
Great advice sad that only about 100 Pokemon can be transferred between: Let's Go, SW/SH, BDSP, and Legends. This is way too restictive
cute
FINALLY!!!!!!
Thanks for the content.  What happens to Alpha Pokemon?
This actually sucks. Bdsp, your transferred pokemon will disobey until you get 2 badges. They should be good to use after that, you shouldn't be overleveling the gym badges after that, but still.
Hey Austin I hate to bother you about this but, will you be starting your Minecraft caves and cliffs play through as you said? If you can’t than that’s fine but, it would be nice to get an update.
Thanks!
I'm pretty sure the real reason you can't transfer spinda into Pokemon home is because spinda will just wander off.
Thanks for the info my guy 😁👍
I'm hyped up. Thanks for being awesome!
Why did they have to release legends support after I completed the dex lol
Man, waiting for the access felt so long. My sister got access at 8:00 A.M. CT yesterday, my second account (which I don’t pay for) got access at noon yesterday, and I finally got access at 8:00 P.M. CT. Now that I have access, I have been sorting for hours, and now have 885/905 dex entries.
Are people still getting error code 10015?
Can someone help me? I always get error code 999 and can’t use Pokémon home on my switch. It’s been like that for months but I couldn’t find a fix. If anyone can help me I’d be happy. My very first Pokémon is on there(an infernape from 2006)
It’s weird to see PLA Pokémon without abilities in Home which I find really weird still ,at least in this new update for Pokémon Home
How can I fix error 10015 in Pokemon home?
What is going on with Nincada and Spinda? I can't transfer them into Brilliant Diamond for some reason.
Interesting update
I hate it because they deleted the event movesets for some of my pokemon so they don't feel special anymore
First 25 seconds of the video looking good
I never always look up Pokémon News and Updates, but when I do… *I choose Austin John Plays…*
Love this update
*grabbing my switch rn!!!*
I hope an update fixes a glitch where I can’t put my shiny spinda in BDSP.   I’ve had them since Omega Ruby :(
First
I really dislike how the normal pokeball isn't the default for the old variants... For years I've caught everything in the good ol' faithful red pokeballs. Has been stressful in shiny encounters, and sometimes frustrating with legendaries. But I stuck to it for years. Untill now, unfortunately...
Meanwhile I keep getting error codes and can’t transfer anything
First
Sooooo close to 2 mil!!! :D Epic vid
I dont have Brillant Diamond anymore and apparently my saved data is of the old version. Gotta get that game back
early gang! tysm for uploading about this, I have been struggling with transfering
So hyped for this update. I'm sure this video will be super helpful, Thanks!
I moved my team from my team I had a glitch that softlocked me in legends arcues into Pokémon home I’m going to get a new copy of legends arcues
Thanks for all your amazing content! So many tips and tricks and so useful on a variety of games! Keep up the good work!
Hi
235 hours?
thanks for bringing us well timed content!
gangs all here
ITS "ARKKKKKKEUS" DAMN
Can deyoxus be traded now?
I see Austin John Plays video and i hit like IMMEDIATELY!
Finally I've been waiting LOL
So frustrating you can’t transfer all the National variants.
earlyyyy
Hi
So close to 2 mil!
Geez
Hi austin love ur content have a nice day :)
1st to be last
Perfect timing for my lunch thanks Austin!
Let's go
Beans and cheese
Yoooo I've never been this early
Missed u Austin
Thanks for the info
third
I just get an error 10015 message
Hi
Cool
Epic
FIRST
Hazza
Hi
Awesome about time
Hi
Cool
Hello Austin first
Hello
Niiiice
first
