from this to now….❤❤❤
I'm not a football fan and I don't even know what's going on but I watched your video on morocco's match in the WC and I still watch you because you're so entertaining lol hope Chelsea gets better
Next season Chelsea b back in the top 4 with a side of 20 year olds ffs wish people would open their eyes and leave off with this toxic bollocks!
Graham never good enough to coach chelsea
I don't blame players I blame the confused Potter who doesn't have a pertten of playing.
Thank you very much, I'm tired of people bashing players like Ziyech who doesn't consistently plays but when he does you can seethe difference he makes which is clear in the world cup. You get an English manager who' keeps starting Sterling who is a finished player imo and Mason mount who hasn't been good since 2021! I believe mount isn't Chelsea quality anymore
Absolutely correct! 👏🏾  Especially the part about waiting 19 years like arsenal to maybe win the league again, are people actually serious
If Chelsea fans had their way, Klopp, Arteta, and even Pep would’ve all been sacked their first 6-12 months in charge. They would’ve never seen those teams flourish and win countless trophies. Klopp, Pep, and Arteta all had very poor first seasons. Did Pool/City/Arsixnil fans cry like babies for them to be sacked when things got tough? No. Anyone who’s calling for Potter to be sacked knows nothing about football and knows nothing about what’s really WRONG W CHELSEA. It’s the very practice of hiring and firing for decades that’s gotten us here and has prevented us from building legit dynasties. Imagine you were an architect. Instead of finding solutions to problems you just knocked your building down at the first sign of difficulty BC that’s the easy way out. And instead of completing a magnificent building, there was only a pile of rubble to sift through that grew in size every year. THIS IS CHELSEA SINCE MOU WAS SACKED the 1st time. If you don’t or can’t understand that, you should prob go support City. But even City understands this ☝🏼 and has built their club the right way via infrastructure and affording TIME to managers to build things. I’m so sick of plastic, fake CFC fans who are 35 yrs old or younger and have never known what it’s like to truly suffer and experience difficult moments supporting your football club. I feel embarrassed reading some of these comments from “fans” who clearly have no idea that with glory comes despair and the highest or highs are impossible without the lowest of lows. It’s life’s Law of Balance. So I suggest we all support the gaffer. Hes had to endure an injury crisis, a World Cup, and other BS since coming to CFC. If we make the same mistake again, we will never build a dynasty, have long term success, or continue to win silverware. Wake up Fam. Sometimes you have to blow out the candles before you can eat the cake.
This is why we’ll never reach the heights of our former glory: BC shit plastic fans cry and moan when things get tough and go pear shaped. Instead of BEING SUPPORTIVE FANS, it’s nothing but whinging from impatient, self entitled, teenagers and millennials who’ve literally never known what it’s like to struggle as a Chelsea supporter. WHY ARE WE CRAP? BC AS SOON AS THINGS GET TOUGH WE SACK THE GAFFER MAKING IT IMPOSSIBLE TO BUILD ANY SEMBLANCE OF A FOUNDATION, LET ALONE A TEAM. Sometimes you have to suffer and struggle before you taste the fruits of your labor. Sack Potter. Then what. Hire Joe Blow. Then things get tough and sack Joe Blow. And on it goes solving nothing. To endlessly sack managers is the medical equivalent to treating the symptom of a disease instead of curing the disease itself. Yes I miss TT. No Potter isn’t my favorite. But give the man a break and give him some f’ing time.
We're buying players around Tuchel then sacked him, oh jesus..
who would you like to see follow joao felix to the bridge this window? 👀 🔵
17:30 He have to go Blud, he have to go.
Too soon
Could we lose to fulham ?
Babymetal sukza girlfriend Andrew love you
Everyone with a brain knew it would take time for potter to develop chelsea into the style of team he is known for and has had success with repeatedly. Arsenal fans were saying the exact same crap about Arteta but he was given time and it's paying off. Chelsea will sack potter though, they should have never given the job to him if they wanted instant success. Potter is adept at the psychological aspect of managing people and also at the technical aspect of the game. You cannot impart a style overnight! If you can't be patient then sack him and get another manager in who will continue to throw money at all kinds of players resulting in a mismatched team of different styles and mental philosophy's, maybe you'll get lucky for once.
I thought  it was me alone  potter need to go frist
We need Zizou and more leaders in the squad. Fuck the process there is no process and hasn't been one for some time. Just throwing money with no direction or cohesive plan.
He can talk the talk. .. But he cannot walk the walk ! That why I never listen. . Bye. After 30 secs !!
I am not a Chelsea fan. But when I heard that GP was to be appointed Chelsea manager. I think it was one of my biggest eye brow raising moments since Dave Hockaday was appointed Leeds manager. Or since Dumbarton fc tried to sign Johan Cruyff.
You don't rich Russian anymore who now live in Israel. You can see that you don't have the finance to buy the quality players you use to. So you can't buy the league title anymore. Don't clubs have to stay within what they can afford. Thats why club go bankrupt
You are a true fan
To be honest a lot of the top flight clubs need to be relegated to have a reality check on what's going on around them.
The rot starts at boehly. He's clueless. Sacks tuchel, then appoints potter. Now the rot has spread into the team.
The theft of this club was the biggest heist in history, i hope they sink, slowly
Welcome to the banter era Chelsea, as an Arsenal fan I can’t feel sympathy but I don’t come here with hate Ive never seen this channel and actually really enjoyed this video in a non-pisstake way, despite being a rival fan I’m near clueless to the real issues at Chelsea and thought this was a really well made video, I expected to laugh but not at all this was genuinely interesting for me from a football fan perspective
Nice video though Younnes. The red face is hilarious 😂 see what Graham caused.
ugh, piss off
Some perspective needed me thinks , it was basically our PL2 team away at the best team in Europe (albeit with a few rested) and the performance was poor but there were a few positives ,  Humphries looks like he will be a phenomenal defender for us , imagine making your debut away at Man City and playing like that , makes me wonder why we keep buying centre-halves ?  Zakaria is looking very effective in midfield too , his speed around the pitch reminds me of Kante , and Lewis Hall has done enough to be given a chance in midfield , it's not fair to play hime left back , even though he has been great there previous to this game
I'm not a Chelsea fan not even a an epl one  so I'm neutral as it gets with no agendas . The way I see it potter is not good enough on his own merits, he is good with tactics and we have seen it with Brighton but when it comes to the man management he is lacking . And for people saying give him time he needs his own players, fair enough but what if Chelsea fell in trouble again and lack form or one the players get upset how is he going to handle this? And we've seen he is out of his depth. One more point people compare him to arteta , well he won the cup in his first stint, he had personality and it showed on and off the pitch, while potter is just dull , and has nothing in the bank so why would you stick with someone who  has no indication that he is good.
We had the same problem with the morrocan national team until we got a new manager a good one too and everything changed even the players
We are clearly Doing a Manchester United right now. Brought in a cheap manager to run a Huge football club; same thing United did with David Moyes and threw money at players.  The players lack 🔥, the coach lacks everything: Personality, Passion, Presence, Character that relates to the fans, tactics. Potter is at the wrong Job. It will take a decade for him to be worthy of Chelsea
i agree with you Younes ,Potter has to go now . All the players cant be that crap except for Jourgino and a few other guys
I feel like the change of management was the biggest issue and that was out of our hands, you know Americans (@ToddBoehly) love to make instant profits, so instead of giving Tuchel a chance, they were trying to find a way of getting quick return on their investment, that led to a lot of rash decisions and unnecessary over stocking of players that don't quite fit in, I just hope they turn this around somehow
"Are you willing to wait 19 years?", shit its been more than 6 years since we last won the league and its already too long for me. Potter needs to go, we need a world class manager and a serious revamp of this squad
I don’t know why no one is seeing that potter isn’t bothered because he is used to loosing in Brighton…. You can’t see a champions league coach with experience being calm with loosing 7games at a row
Zidane is going back to Madrid
Embarrassing defeat!!! Bring back TT.
Mount got 21 goal contributions at the age of 22/23  you prick that’s more chels than anyone else in the squad. First sign of poor form you turn on him and start calling him a sprinter. Stop it! JUST STOP IT!
Mount got 21 goal contributions at the age of 22/23  you prick that’s more chels than anyone else in the squad. First sign of poor form you turn on him and start calling him a sprinter. Stop it! JUST STOP IT!
Am team POTTER OUT and all for the process like u bro but it's not him to take Chelsea through this process NO NO NO NO 110%
Get Younes and his father in law to manage Chelsea
Well said buddy,  respectful thoughts,
The disgrace is you saying Mount should be sold
I blamed UK 🇬🇧 for all these. Because had it been its not their wickedness towards Chelsea this man Borley or whatever wouldn't have bought the club now everything caused us to loose ibramovic and tuchel
The elders and ancestors part 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Conor mc Gregor to coach Chelsea
Younes you said everything, Chelsea problem runs deep to the manager, potter is not the man for this, av been saying this exact thing u said in this video, tuchel found a way to play with what he had at the time, and he won the champions league, there was growth in d way we players, potter on the other hand is scared of these players, especially the big players, and he keep playing d poor players like jorginho, am so furious...
Younes, you've taken the wind out of my sail. You have expressed my views with the exact words I will choose.  I was wildly surprised at the starting line-up. It's either Todd Boely controls things from the background and only needs a coach who can be quiet and take the fall for him or Todd has just too much money that he wants to spray around.  Whichever way it is, players like Ziyech, Haverts, Azpi and many more.
A great statement. If you can't tell who's the dumbest person in the room, you're the dumbest person in the room
Get GRAHAM POTTER OUT GET TUCHEL BACK Man
Potter isn’t going anywhere soon. The incessant and frequent firing of coaches is part of the reason we are where we are. It was wrong to fire TT and it will be equally wrong to fire GP. It’s simplistic to think Chelsea’s problem boils down to the manager. This group of players started playing horribly even under TT, starting from the latter part of last season and continued into preseason. With new ownership, getting rid of the old and bringing in new personnel meant new planning, direction and vision. The new manager came into a horrible situation with players like Jorginho, Ziyech, Havertz, Mount, Koulibaly etc ineffective and inconsistent. As if that wasn’t enough, you lose your best players in James and Kante to injuries and now have over 9 first team players injured. What kind of manager do you think will succeed in this situation?
Pep was winning 3 goals to No and he was on his feet...Potter was losing 3 goals to No and he was still sitting. That's all you need to know to get rid of Potter. Bullocks
Younes even Lampard was better than Potter
I completely agree with you on all the points you made.
Chelsea need to get rid of dead wood in this Transfer window .. (Havertz , Jorginho,Kante,Azpi,Zyech..)OUT!!  Give experience and gametime to the young lads..
Is the loan Deal of Jao Felix agreed ?
Joao Felix better be up to par
Ever since Younes got married he has been very miserable and b!tching constantly. I unfollowed him on YouTube right before the world cup for this reason. I decided I wouldn't want to listen to his constant bitching
TT IS THE BEST 👍
Who can we get to successfully replace Potter?
With all due respect Mount is the worst Chelsea player I ever seen. Just show him the door as soon as possible. He's a snake. Kia Havertz doesn't worth a  coffee. I dont know why they didn't change it with Alphones Davies when Bayer Munich wanted Havertz. Why they keep Giorginhio!!!! The only player deserve to be in Chelsea is James and Silva. We brought the reject players from other  teams. I can't understand why they don't play our youths instead these bunch of losers in the first team. I prefer to lose with our youths because we tried something at least than to play these bunch of incompetent players we have
Potter has disappointed me. Before Tuchel was sacked I wanted that guy to be the next England manager and when Tuchel was sacked he was my first choice. I believed in him. The disappointed started way back with the Aston Villa game where we got completely outplayed and destroyed for the entire first half by fcking Gerrard's Villa. At half time I was: Yeah surely Potter is furious about this and will change and fix it during HT but no nothing changed. AND I'M STILL WAITING... STILL NOTHING HAS CHANGED... IT'S STILL THE SAME GARBARGE SINCE THEN. And the problem is that I can't see an idea with specific issues that I could even imagine getting fixed with transfers. With Tuchel I could recognize that we struggle against low blocks because we don't have wingers that can take on their man. And that we still have issues of defending a counter which means we need a DM. But with Potter I can't tell.. with him I feel like we need a completely new team which can't be true.
Big Sam ready and primed !!
I liké z Zidane for Chelsea FC manage sack Potter
In the old regime “Roman would pay the team a visit in training”. I wonder if “A visit from Todd and Bedhad “ would have the same effect.I fully agree with your assessment Yonness!!!
What Younes is talking about i minuter 9:39 i brighton mentality that Potter has with him to chelsea and TB does not know a damn thing about fotball to hire this klown
Chelsea are always going for ball possession forget to score, that can't hand us a point we need Cucurela and Azpilicueta out in the first place master of back ball
If our women's team did this on the pitch Emma Hayes would be fuming. And visibly so. We can't do worse than we have been doing so for all those young players we bought for the future of Chelsea we can just play them. Allow them to gel and build chemistry and our future can start now rather than next season or whenever they were expecting to use them. The young ones who played today had no role model to emulate in a positive way. If you see senior players with no heart and vision, how do you expect the younger ones to be any different? They are showing that mediocrity is acceptable. At this point, I say give Potter a back seat, have Emma manage a training session, and see what happens.
4 nil sounds bad but 2 penalty and a naughty freekick is what really happened. Thr last goal was brilliant and for those saying potter has to go bro the guys had fuck all time half his squad is injured just thus season as long as we don't get relegated it's all good, arsenal aren't where they are by sacking managers after a run of bad form
tuchel was finished at the club. potter was never the way to go. so many useless and pathetic players on the squad. Zidane IN ASAP
You are absolutely wright Bro, I agreed with you what you said is 100% about Graham Potter and many players they have to go
this team is flat and pointless
Younes younes jorgehino and kova have been not good enough for years and we have been crying out for midfielders and now we are looking for felix and boehly stepping down and we can't expect to do anything v city with the kids at the moment koulibaly poor kepa suspect. And Silva 38 and azpi no legs .jorgehino shocking. Kova just jogging and hiding. We should expect nothing else. And no captain of quality  .it starts from the top boehly and a new level of recruitment. And time to give our best player the captain badge and he was captain/ vice of Wigan  at 18. Yes Reece James and he shows fight and leadership. Aka  John Terry.  The spine.  That is the beginning of solving the problems. New leaders at all levels of club and i would give potter end of season.
Got to say ,this new center forward,no idea of his name,never heard of him before, although he wasn't on long I know, didn't see anything in him to suggest he's Gona be a good player,yet alone score any goals
I hate this team and I hate these players.
Okay Youness... Sack Potter and get who... Suggestions please. We can't sack him and remain coachless. So who are your suggestions? Who do you think will do well with us
To me I don't think the fault is from the players because these were the same players that won the CL, i think there's something wrong with the management
I disagree with this younes
Roman should buy chelsea back
What's the situation with Jao Felix?
can't we just lose by trying somethings as the real madrid game
At this point me as chelsea fan i just laugh to our loss
I couldn't even finish watching the match yesterday. It was heartbreaking
Man looks blue 😅
@Younes, oh my gosh thanks so much for doing this video I have been fuming about everything you are saying in this video. I am massive die heart @ChelseaFC and hate what's going with the club starting with @Graham Potter.
Tuchel should of been the man at the helm...should have never been sacked all the shit he went through with us ....say what u want we wouldn't be getting beat 4 0 with tuchel at the helm I put my life on that tuchel was the best thing we had fuck potter fuck boehly fuck em all r.i.p g.v
This Potter ball,is useless mmm,how can I be watching football with Panadol in my hands, that performance of yesterday was useless as ever.
Think the first step is not to sell mount but just take him off ganes for a while so he can take a step back and see the bigger picture.also might help to get him off the limelight
Sell PASON POUNT
i rated potter at brighton but its clear that these boots are way too big for him to fill.....you could see instantly that tuchel was made for this job.
mount is the biggest problem. he got his mates havertz and sterling and ruined them.  im 100% sure mount is biggest source of player power issues in our squad. i hate him and hope we dnt agree contract
Potter want to sacked so he can Get paid a lump some&move on to another club with his retirement money cuz he doesnt care less about his Reputation but Money..The club is way too big for him&he is a player pleaser not a commanding manager
We are becoming arsenal 2 seasons ago
Potter needs time after new enforcements we would be better hopefully
But British government are very wicked by letting Abrahamvoic lose Chelsea very wicked britain very wicked
You cant give potter “time” when he has shown zero identity in how we play. TT realised that we wasnt at the same level of man city so he made us defensively solid and jumped on the opponents mistakes. Then we gained confidence and started to boss games. We needed a top striker and midfielder to push to the next level and we didnt do it. Thats what ultimately got TT sacked and its beyond me how that wasnt took into consideration before he was sacked. Clowns running the club
Useless Chelsea owners why sacking tuchel just sack potter now with some players too…that’s why Abrahamovic
There is no playing system from the manager…these are the same players that won 🏅 champion league title ….if those guys get a good manager that have good quality or system of play I assure you we will see the best of them  JUSTICE FOR TT😢..
Can Chelsea get Tuchel Back? Cus right now we're in hell!
Kai is the worse …. Very lazy on the ball.
No top 4... not top players for summer transfer.
Brighton fans have warned us that the team is going to look like a madness, I've disagreed with the Potter appointment from the beggining but we might as well give him until the end of the season so as to not look like idiots and the team might just well start playing some real football. Then we may hopefully hire a Proper manager should time give us that grace
Get Potter out!!!
I have infinite respect for you Younes but I completely disagree with the potter part. I simply will not say he has to go until he has a somewhat decent team, the fans can chant about tuchel and roman all they want but ultimately they're a big part of why we are in this mess.
Careful younes one certain individual is going to be angry at you for criticising mount😂😂😂😂 disgusting performance this cannot continue. Love your passion
Everybody saying this isn't potters team but signings can't save him. His mentality is mid-table, he doesn't take defeat personally.
Ah yes lets fire ANOTHER coach, that makes sense
Brighton fan here. A difficult watch, this.  I appreciate Chelsea’s fantastic achievements (last 25 years or so) and the pressure for continued success this brings onto any owner and management team. The results and playing style for quite some time now have slipped from previous heights. You lost your previous owner who had a specific and ruthless demand for success on his managers, resulting in virtually a different manager every year for the last 10 years. You are now fortunate enough to have found a new, rich owner who seems committed to a LONG-TERM project of re-building your team to revisit past glories. But this is Chelsea, so the fans demand (talk about “entitled”) virtually instant success. So, sack Potter and his team if it makes you feel happy & empowered. Bring in yet another expensive gunslinger - Tuchel, Mourinho etc etc.   but Potter is an intelligent manager with a great style of playing which your team are simply rubbish at so far. It’s not him. You are not helping by carping at such an early stage. It will get worse before it gets better but when you get your injured players back and get rid of those that won’t fit the style of play (Aubameyang for one) it will gradually start making sense. I would write this season off in terms of expectation and come back fully-primed next season. He really is your best bet but can you be that patient?  And hands off De Zerbi !  He’d just do what Potter’s trying to do anyway.
Potter Must Go!
I think we have to give Potter time, he came to a big club, with players, except for a few cases, that he didn't choose... There are players who have completed their cycle at the club without a doubt...we have to renew and bring in players hungry for glory...the solution is not to throw Potter out...what he did in Brighton is wonderful and over time I'm sure he's going to revolutionize Chelsea.
You all keep calling Tuchel, how many of our players improved under Tuchel? None. We were never gonna win the league under Tuchel for the next 10yrs, neither will any player improve.
Blame Boehly
Bro, you are just being emotional. Trust the process. Potter is the right man for this job. You all have to be patient. You all have been spoiled, that why you all can’t be patient. As a Chelsea fan, I believe in Potter and I trust the process
Zidane....
Truth be told…I came on YouTube n I was like wah flipping hell a 24 minutes video 😮‍💨 it’s so hard to describe wah we’re going through but Graham Potter tbh i don’t know what he’s actually doing
It’s embarrassing for what we’re going through but I don’t want to blame the coach and I think it’s all on our new owners fault
It seems like you've got that "inner dog" 😂😂  I think all the Chelsea fans should stay at home and not go watch the Chelsea games and the owners will see that we are all fuming cause it's not funny anymore🤷‍♂️
Blame The Board, The Owners.  What do you expect?? They're Americans, they're from the other side of the world where baseball, basketball, american football are their choice of sport. European Football ain't one of them.   They're the ones who didn't back the previous Title-Winning Manager, they're the ones who decide to sack that manager and replace him with a mid-table team manager with no title, trophies or honours under his belt, they're the ones whose bringing the wrong type of player profile in, they're the ones whose still intend to keep and offer fresh deals to deadwood players with below-par performance, they're the ones whose taken away the power from the manager and transfering it to the players in the dressing room by firing Tuchel, they're the ones whose offering these ridiculuously-long term contract to players granting them more power in their hands.  Potter didn't put a gun to their heads and force them to hire him at the start of the season, the board, the owners are the ones who came in for him, knocking on his door.  Same thing with the players who were brought in or still in there. None of them put a gun to the board, to the owners' heads and force them to hire them, to offer them deals, to renew their terms.  Isn't it clear enough guys?  Can't you see where the real problem lies, the root cause of it all?  It all starts at the Top.  The People at the Top.
You have got an agenda towards Potter from the start Younes, your opinion doesn’t matter because you just gonna bash him all the time and not understanding the context of the situation, our squad is utter shit.
POTTER OUT…..HE’S OUT OF HIS DEPTH……Yea injuries and some players are trash…….BUT POTTER CANT GET ANYTHING OUT OF THEM BECAUSE HE’S OUT OF HIS DEPTH
Disagree with you about potter a lot of players need to go. Here a question (without saying tuchel) who would you want? Poch couldn’t win the league in his first season in a farmers league, luis Enrique could only win with messi Suarez neymar, zidane well I think cr7 helped him way too much   Tuchel won’t return and as much as I agree they never should of sacked him, he was struggling for at least the last 9 months and you know why F’ing injuries   Mount’s in terrible form but he was our best player in the last two season, double figures for goals and assists last season tbh you very reactive it’s this toxic spoilt behaviour that doesn’t help a the team. Ok here an example Eden hazard 15/16 season let get rid of him boom 16/17 one of his best season     The ones that need to go  - ziyech - pulisic  - Jorginho  - mendy -kante(cos of injuries) - azpi  -RLC  - GALLAGHER  - Jury is out on   - havertz  - koulibaly ( 1st season look at rudiger as an example)  - sterling - cucurella   No one is saying wait 19 years we’re saying give 18-24 months like I said previously toxic.
I have been following your page for a very long time now..most times you deviate and sugar quote just like mainstream media.. but I continue to follow and watch you because of how eloquent and calculate you present your content.. But today on this  very post  you spoke nothing but 1000 percent truth!!  For the first time as long as I can remember you spoke Truth from top to bottom!! Thank you
The pain is real...
Reason why mount is played by managers is because he has no identity as a player and therefore he fits into systems as he works hard as a role player. He has no standout on the ball attributes, says it all he’s regressed big time
Graham Potter is one of the worst thing that will ever happen to Chelsea. He's got no plan, he's got no idea. He's a confused person with a team as big as Chelsea.  He has lost the dressing room and he has lost fans all around the world. He needs to learn but certainly not with Chelsea fc. Chelsea players at this point, needs psychological help. They need to be charged mentally and Graham Potter isn't the man to do that job. Even if we sign players like Mbappe, Messi and Neymar, they will act the same way these players are acting. So therefore, Graham Potter needs to leave. He has done his best but his best isn't good enough for Chelsea.
Potter does not have the respect of the Chelsea players and this is the main problem. Potter is a Moyes 2.0. A good manager of middle tier players however elite players have a different mindset and require a figure they fear and look up to...I give him a few weeks..then sack time ⏲️
Bring back TT 💎
It’s tough I mean I am gritting my teeth while saying this.  Potter needs to stay and at least get his players in b4 we are truly what he’s capable of.  The real issue is the players.  A majority of them have been the problem for a long time thru different managers.  Yes I would love Tuchel to still be at the club, he’s the first manager since Prime Mourinho who I truly supported.  But he clashed with the new owners and we are in a new era…honestly one that most CFC fans wanted where we have big spenders w/ analytical recruitment.  We literally got what we’ve been asking for.  This collapse was a long time coming & no I didn’t expect this transition to be this painful but it is what it is.  We know the players who need to stay so get rid of them and bring in Potter’s…then if he fails then we can move on
LMAOOO OMDS Younes fuming ! LOVELY STUFF🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Eish guys that golie Kepa we are going to get heavy scores everyday. Mendy mst b back that kepa is costing us a lot
Younes you've been the realest Chelsea fan when it comes to Potter fair play.   Potter was the wrong acquisition, Chelsea players don't rate Potter the Swedish champion. Who's to say the next group of players aren't going to play for Potter
There was massive confusion during the game, I struggled to understand how the players were lined up, he kept on pushing Gallagher to the right and pushing Ziyech to midfield, when they were defending the line up was awful, they kept changing from 442 to 4321 but very bad positioning, and Potter has a great responsibility in this.
TT as that Fire aggressive he make the players played well because he always shout on them on the field that's a true manager
CHELSEA NEED TO IMMEDIATELY TERMINATE MOUNT CONTRACT ASAP. GP IS FULL OF A WOMAN FORM. VERY WEAK AND LAZY
I understand that Potter is trying to build something but he must not make us look like a joke in the process or a mid team table, this is Chelsea fc we have standards, Tod Boehly might not have standards but we as fans do.
Hey bro i stop watch chelsea from tuchel left believe chelsea is literally robbish brov ruuuuuuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbbbbissssshhh i cant believe my great blue be turning in brown brov (shit) 💩... bro i love chelsea but the players we have they dont love our lovely sport called football bro thats just facts
This is why ive been watching this guy for the past 4 years. Speaks for all chelsea fans that know ball
Kia Mount Kovacis Jorginho Gallagher Koulibarly Auba SELL ALL THIS USELESS PLAYERS THEY ARE BRINGING CHELSEA DOWN
GP is so so boring.  He don't even look like a coach. He will just stand there fold is hands close is mouth can't shout don't have have that aggressive.  I pity for my great club they are gradually becoming average club shame I'm hurt seeing my club look like a mature
Again letting TT go is the worst ever. This man called GP is an amaure coach.  Chelsea as became laughing stock
Bring back Jose
ok so tell me which manager can come and do a job at cfc with the situation as it is .potter must stay no matter what.
In one year, Chelsea have become Arsenal......
Am never watching a Chelsea game as long as potter is there. it just brings more and more tears. extremely horrible.
It's the fault of the American owner , who's probably in the US following the NBA
I remember when we have injury and covid crisis during Tuchel’s reign. It’s the FA Cup against Brentord if I’m not mistaken and we look confident, knowing what to do even though youngsters were put in the line up. Look how far we have fallen… authority is needed right now!
I miss when the camera would pan to tuchel absolutely losing his mind infront of the bench
You will have to be introducing the youngsters into the game little by little
Spoilt kids facing reality
'Internally There Is No Respect For Our Great Club'.
Good morning I see you have opened your eyes and finally see kai who always looks at the ground and mount duracell battery's rabbit and don't forget pulisic who can give a pass to give a goal but goes for a dribble and falls or loose the ball
Go in for TUCHEL back or Zidane or Luiz enrique if not the Chelsea might end up in the 11-15 on the EPL table
Go in for TUCHEL back or Zidane or Luiz enrique if not the Chelsea might end up in the 11-15 on the EPL table
If care is not taken the youngsters, signed players and as well as incoming players  might end up being not resourceful  under Potter..
Red light 😂😂😂
New owner in Chelsea seem like Glazers in Man Utd... they are blind. Sack Tuchel and bring in Potter with Brighton mentality. Now Chelsea is Brighton, or trying to be good as Brighton lol... Well done.
The red light younes get in there bum players disgraceful lots time to get rid no raise for them bunch of clowns
Aubameyang, Jorginho, Pulisic, Ziyech, Even Kovacic(not extending his contract) should leave  Enzo Fernando, Lavia(Cheap), Mudryk, Another Winger, A Top Striker,Pedro Porro or Juranovic...and wait for Declan Rice in the Summer.simple
We are like man city Before pep.
American owners of any football club is going to end up in a cluster fuck.  Tuchel was not going to come to heal so they get rid and put a yes man in his place. Just as Putin did in Belarus. Younnes =best . Always hits the nail on the head.
Seeing potter alone tells u a lot, he’s a cool great guy but that’s not what you want in a Chelsea club of this caliber. Man’s so weak
There are no leaders in the group who takes responsibility, I can only see Thiago….. Everyone else so docile
lampard was bad but he pulled an final atleast and having no singinings just youngsters and got there, and qualified for Chapions league, WHERE THE HELL is the Chapions league winning team
Have you noticed the English press is not putting any pressure on him ??
Long story short, TT is Chapions league winner has been in Finals every season, Always secured top4 we chased the leauge, WAS STRICT and Has experience, don't forget that he went on a 15 league games undefeated and first season 2 finals and Treble over man city   Graham Potter Never Seen Chapions league in his life, Hasn't won anything to kind, mid tier club, hasn't played in Europe b4 so tell me who's better
This bum mount wanting 300k a week and can't even pass a man..only positive from this game was the youngsters only thing mount is good at is keep running fingers through his hair am fed up I even stopped watching from half time to how bad it was
This is the worst run ever by Chelsea.its  even worse than the mourinho era when we were at 9th
koulbaly, Marc cucerlla, auba, Kai, jorghino, rlc, pulsic, ziyeach, mendy can all be sold, we have Lewis hull colwill, etc and even get leao and chripher nkunku, Gig slonnia
Sacking ANOTHER menager is not a fucking solution...
Relax mate.
Oh where is our standard,our structure, where is the system from the manager Mr Boaley you're one to take much of blame too
No give potter
Potter you're a disgrace to Chelsea fans, he has to be sacked before he damage Chelsea football club, who employed this man in the first place, they are all bunch of Zero minded.
People are just sympathetic because potter is a British manager
If we do sack potter I want Zidane since France signed deschamps to another deal .. Zidane is free to join a club or I want poch .
If Chelsea Fc Head Coach Graham Potter keeps loosing he will be fired by Tom Bohely ASAP
People to offload are Hervatz, Mount if he insist on 300k, Jorginho, Koulibali, Starlin, Aubamayang and possibly Mendy
Hi Younis. I don’t get that energy of your old “Hellos” i am use to 😢 (leave the results a side. Even the previous videos).  What’s happening? Are you ok?
So how come all these champion league and club World Cup players are so bad all of a sudden, what’s changed?
Younes this ain’t it. Sacking Potter won’t do anything. We get a new manager new manager bounce we start thinking these players are good again, we don’t sell them and then 18 months time they start performing like their true selfs. We need to suffer in the short term to then achieve in long term.
Dortmund is going to trash us and I'm not going to school the following week
Let's face it,  1. Jorginho has NEVER been good enough for the Prem. Just too slow to move the ball and ZERO forward passes except the one to Morata.  2. Havertz has NEVER been played in his correct position.  3. Koulibaly is dodgy, saw it from second game and he keeps repeating. 4. Should never have bought Cuceralla. Hes not our level.  5. Ziyech.... Where to begin. Wrong attitude, wrong style for prem. Just get rid ffs. 6. Pulisic was a PR stunt and he can't even stay on his sodding feet. 7. Abu.... Just why, days before a "planned" sacking of the guy who knew him best.  8. When so many of our youth show so much passion, desire and positivity, do they repeatedly get left on the bench.  9. Our midfield is so backwards minded im surprised they don't actually run backwards.  10. Gotta be questioning the training regime or something, why so many injuries, a lot of muscle too. Something isn't right.  11. What has actually changed on the pitch? NOTHING.  Chuk, Zak, Omari, Fofana, Hall all need to be giving full chances, not occasional matches and substitutions. A decent run playing together.  And its not all Potter, these problems have been ingrained in our team for a few years now.
CHELSEA FANS MUST BOYCOTT STANDARD  BRIDGE UNTIL GRAHAM POTTER GET SACKED
A wet towel has more personality than Potter. Never been a supporter. This was bound to happen.
Like you Younes, I'm so angry at the moment!! I've supported this club through thick and thin for nearly 60 yrs..I've never seen so much apathy and no fight...RUBBISH!!
What is going on with Chelsea Fc 😳 😕 😐, Chelsea Fc Head Coach Graham Potter 😳 🤔 has made things worse for Chelsea Fc
MOST REACTIONARY FAN EVER. Already begging for Zidane. Zidane left Madrid when he knew there will be a dip in the squad and dipped out. He'll be at Chelsea for 2 days and see the calibre of our players and will fuck off. Potters entire history has been building from the ground up and exceeding expectations. CALM THE FUCK DOWN AND ACCEPT THAT WE NEED TIME.
Would like to see Didier Deschamps as Chelsea's coach. But he just prolonged with France until 2026(
At the end of the day ..even if graham isnt the man to take us forward he has to start the process    Tho I admit ....I'd kill for zidane but will he really join us ..
Tbh .....graham potter never really had the dressing room from the get go ....he basically only has cuca  and that's t ..I'm frustrated just like you and most fans  ...but I'm not really gonna attack potter yet coz I've seen elements of his play....these players were already progressing since b4 potter .....let's change up something and see what's next  ..younes  .uk how hard it is to embed a system without a pre season and transfers ...I'm giving potter the next 3 games to show us something  .....but I really hope he figures it out cos I cant even watch my team play coz I just know we gonna lose n I legitimately cry wen I see us play ..my childhood club is dying
Chelsea is Thiago Silva. Without him we would concede at least four in every game. Get rid of the squad and the manager. rebuild!
Is not  too late  bring TT back
No bite, no enthusiasm in the team.
We are sad
We are a team in transition, we are not an elite team. We have subpar player, aging players and injury players, how can we perform when we have 10 players out injured. Let's not  say anything we will regret. Get behind the team and pray for a speedy recovery from injury and give Potter time..
Give Jose the job with time for a long term project.
Brig back Jose Jose Mourinho
Yunus!! I was Potter out even before the world cup bro, now you are all gonna join in.  We can't  trust the process with him IN charge. The board should  get rid of him before we start fighting for relegation.  Mind you, we are closer to relegation than top 4. I'm gutted with yesterday's performance.
"I feel like an Arsenal fan" this got me for real😂😂😂 Our standard are in gutters... Thank you man for being ruthless always, no suger coating... The moment you complain about how we play, some will label you as a Tucheliban... Up the Chels! Keep up the good work man💪
This is the price you pay for how Roman ran the club. although it was effective in the moment, now you're seeing the negatives.  A huge surplus of players stuck with managers who don't rate them over and over again when you fire this many coaches and don't forget you fired some of the best coaches so now you're stuck having to hire average managers just like you're stuck having to sign average players this is all Romans fault for all the good he did this is the price you pay for it
I don’t agree with Younes about some of the players are not good .. Let stop beating around the drum and hit it right in the middle.. We don’t have a manager who can bring the best out of the squad. I remembered last season when potter didn’t win a game after playing 10 game with Brighton .. many of us know he can’t do it
Although results were not with us during Thomas tuchel era he has authority and respect from squad
Thank you Youness for having the balls to say what needs to be said!! POTTER OUT!!
I am so sick and tired of what's happening here in Chelsea. I need a reason why Mr. Potter didn't start Carney? Is he among those Mr. Potter don't rate? The reason he start Bashir Humphreys was only for an excuse that he rated youngsters. If we sign like 4 top footballer just see them playing under Mr. Potter. He will completely destroy their career.
For those who want to be patient and wait for the prodigal process.  6 points from the last 24 available.  1 win in ten matches.   These are relegation stats.   We won’t get relegated but in a way we have already been relegated from the top tier.
No leaders in attack,  no ambitious coach. Most don't understand a winning approach, clubs history and goals. What was the point of demolishing a well-functioning system by firing the respected Bruce Buck and some key figures from the management. Also say thanks to some gov officials for their decisions.
I agree with you that Chelsea need a project and that there are lots of questions about whether or not Potter is the right man to lead it.  But I think it's important to remember that, while we'd all like to see an experienced manager with a proven track record in charge of the club, Chelsea are at the point where they can't afford to be too picky. We need someone who's willing to do the job and take on the challenge, no matter how daunting it may seem.  I don't think we should rule out any candidate until we know more about what they want from this role—and whether or not they're willing to buy into what the owners have in mind for Chelsea Football Club.
Great point Younes.  POTTER IS NOT MANAGING THIS.
Chelsea could have had the best striker on the planet up front last night, and they still wouldn't have scored. Not playing like that.
Potter has done very well; we shouldn't talk trash him. We hired a mid-table manager with his mid table staff, & he's turned us into a mid table team. A job well done
I love kai havertz but he’s not Chelsea material same about so many other players too and Graham potter will never be good enough for this club Americans are ruining my club because they don’t know how to run a football club like Chelsea ktbffh 💙💙💙
I feel sorry for Mason! He's a very young player & the coaches have been throwing him all over the place. How can the guy improve his game if he has to do a new thing every week?
All these fans saying give Potter time are missing the point! Yes you give a Manger time but he has to be THE RIGHT MANAGER which Potter is not. GET HIM OUT!!!!
It's a choice. We could have couple of titles in a decade and reactive cup wins with the constant sackings, or some stability and more chance for league titles along with cups for the long term without change, though short term suffering. We can't have both.  And regardless, this is a new model. The previous regime were good at theirs, I'm not sure it'd work again even if we tried.
No, not all of the Chelsea boys have suddenly become effin useless.  Potter hasn’t changed anything since he’s taken charge. In fact I would say the football has pretty much remained the same if not worse.  There is no direction, no heart and no playing for team or manager.  Chelsea have spent 250m in the transfer window and you would think there is quality there,  certainly enough to at least put up a fight, especially in a FA cup tie.  Results of late are of course down to players, but the manager is not blameless and I believe he is out of his depth.  Please don’t come back and tell me about the process, there is no effin process.  If anybody can see a process or even the green shoots of one then they are deluded.
I've never been scared of playing Fulham before, I am now.
Chelsea you have no history you bought minor success now it’s back down the snake 😂😂😂😂
I think Potter , The Team and the Owners need to go !
Under Roman I don't think Porter will still have a job at Chelsea football club
I said it before that it was a mistake to fire Tuchel
Younes, you're absolutely right. this is Chelsea Football CLub. there's a certain level you have to be at to play for this club. if you're not at that level, please get the heck outta here.  this was emma hayes message to the chelsea women's team. and it's part of the reason the women's team are so successful. they have a WINNING MENTALITY that transcends beyond the pitch and into the locker room as well.   It's just shocking that in 2023, chelsea are going into games and almost everyone is expecting us to lose. and we're becoming too comfortable with this mediocrity and it's making me sick.
i still believe mount is good ...maybe the players are renegeding against the coach...This team is too big for Potter
For everyone asking for Potter to be sacked, who would you rather have coming in at this point of the season?(and you can’t say Tuchel, that’s just being delusional)
I'm sorry to disagree with you on getting potter out and replacing him with a "winner" or whoever, this current situation at chelsea is exactly what the process meant. If we continue with the hire a manager and sack him after 2 seasons model we are used to, im sorry nothing positive will come out of that anymore because WE DO NOT HAVE A ROMAN ABRAMOVICH AS AN OWNER ANYMORE. The long term project is what we need now, but that implies we will get to our worst for a season at least before we come back to life again.
English goverment destroyed Chelsea. It's OK to have owners from countries where stoning and public whipping is legitimate low, or from country where call football soccer and never destroyed other countries and because you can not deal with politics you punish individuals,  now that's pathetic
If tuchel was the manager he would rip the team apart, like when they lost to real Madrid once....Potter is no way close to him....Todd will be like, what on earth has he done ...
Once again we have a manager without a single clue how to utilize our players. As i said, Zakaria over J5 for rest of season, Kova praised by most YTbers is completely unproductive. I don't mind Potter staying behind the wheel for rest od season, but i want to see Cairney and Zakaria in every single game till end of season. Havertz needs to be either completely dropped or used as False 9/ classic 10 and play in pair with actuall striker. He never was and will never be an ST. So for the love of god, i don't want to see him as one under 3rd manager in a row, it's pure stupidity ...
Appreciate your unhappiness and anger at the current situation but way over the top bearing in mind the injuries we have, the lack of time he has had and the fact he’s had no windows to get his own players in. We need to appreciate this season as a write off for gauging the future and focus on next season.  If we show no signs of REAL improvement next season then Potter may not be the guy but there are reasons why we are where we are now. You piss take the Gooners about trusting the process but Arteta survived the slings and arrows thrown and he’s doing ok atm. So let’s calm down and have some humility about our current situation and try to enjoy the incremental improvements I expect in the next 18 months or so.
At this moment I would sell everyone and only keep Reece and Silva if that would be possible. I have never seen such a horrible display of our club in my entire life. Potter has no ideas and I’m sick n tired to be patient.   This is the new reality
I am 26 years old and I have been Chelsea fan within whole my life and I have never seen our club in this weak. It's breaks my heart to see what the fuck we have became. Literally we can't play anymore and under Potter we won't have any successful future. When owners have decided to sack Tuchel that was end of Chelsea
The current situation at Chelsea is not surprising. The Board of Directors need to take full ownership of the current situation. Poor Porter can’t be blamed for the current state of affairs. Has Potter ever coached Champions League football? Or has he ever finished in the top four in the Premier League? Buying new players won’t fix anything either. Chelsea need a “big team Coach” mentality. It looks like players do not understand the coach’s instructions or maybe the Coach himself is confused. If this trajectory is not halted by the Board the club will be playing to avoid relegation soon. I wouldn’t blame Mason, Kai etc. Why are these players so pathetic all of a sudden? Is the Coach getting through to them, put it differently, or do they understand his tactics?   WHY WAS TUCHEL FIRED?
Our goalkeeper had more touches of the ball than any player.  What is these system of playing from the back?
I just feel this guy has nothing to offer, A good manager just needs a couple of games to show, if he is the right man for the job. Frank Lampard is a better manager compared to him potter because it will be a disgrace to be comparing Potter with Thomas. Thomas is out of his league in terms of managerial role. We are out of three competitions in the space of two weeks. What was this new owner thinking when entrusting the boyz to Potter. I don't care if he was a good manager in Brighton but Chelsea is bigger than him. He only prepares for one game and that is it for the week and you now gave him a job to multitask. To be honest, ask Potter he will tell you that he just wants to test his ability if he could multi-task and just cash out for the money. The guy literally has nothing to loss
Everything u said it true
Todd Boehly needs to see this
I like what I saw with Fofana but I am sorry GP can't help this young striker to be great. GP through the game was confused
At this rate, even Lamps is 10x better than this potter guy….dude is just so inept
I have realized pipo don''t know where the problem is, the main is the players are not putting there efforts, imagine Potter came from Brighton but the players there are still doing very execllent, what do u think, meaning the players are the one to pull their energy and mentality toward getting good results whether  the coach is shouting or not, because pipo are different, i believe he always tell the players what to do and how to things when they in training, so it's the work of the players to do the duty
Younes I love you for what you just said about Mount. I have been abused any time I talk about Mount. He has played over 100 games and I don't what he plays. He has not improved for over all the games he has played.
side to side passes and backward passing is the new tactic.Thats the new chelsea
I want the name of the scout/board member who sanctioned 72 million for havertz. They told us we are getting a generational talent. Cruyf reincarnated lol  we thought we were so lucky to beat Real Madrid for his signature.  They never wanted him in the first place. Now we know why.
Fudge the queen
i love the videos mate but calling for potter out is strange. these players can't play football and potter will thrive with a good team
We have to move on, Potter is here to stay whether we like it or not....we have to pray that he and team wakes up or else we will be fighting for relegation soon..
Axe Potter now...I never supported him from the beginning because I know this will be the results we get. Still mourning TT. Let TT come back...do everything to make it happen.
Younes your face looks Red
Bruv I am gutted the lakaku saga was the beginning of where we are now. We have become a mediocre team we deserve to be where we are and Harry Potter is out of his depth he needs a couple of seasons and we can't afford to take that risk. To be honest I have not been watching us play its heart breaking to think where we were before the takeover. Mr Boely you need to act for the club not yourself your Ego will be your and our downfall this Club means so much to so many fans. We need to sack our manager.  Poch? or Zidane? I am with Zidane. Mr Boely you loose the fans your finished this is not America we are not plastic fans!!!!
Most of the Chelsea players ARE that bad Younes. They really are!!!
we may be this for a very long time because I think the owners are our worst enemy.
If we are not careful with what I saw yesterday, we are heading toward relegation with potter!!! This guy can't manage this club, we are not seeing the end product.
Potter doesn't have the players backing on his system....the board is getting wrong in there own side by choosing potter... I just wish this American just understand... This what happened to Manchester united.... From Moyes to van gaay   to moriuho to ole.... Now teg hag... Teg hag which is more like Thomas tuchel.... Which Chelsea lost him out of nothing....
Younes the  Brighton fans were booing the team and all potter did was humble them.
I hear you , but doesn’t the injury list come into it a bit ? 🤔 im personally not sure yet tbh
More INJURIES than any team in EUROPE.
The red light💀
Younes, me as Chelsea fan it's hurts to see such kind of performance, I understand we have injuries but what buffles me is the level of performance, there's no energy no hunger, no one cares. But we also have to be honest with ourselves since Abrahamovic's era is done we can't live in the past. It's time for the players to  start giving more than 110% each game. Let's give Potter time coz even in Tuchel time it wasn't pretty. The only way to get back to our best is good recruitment and don't just go for a player coz of their names, we need players who will fight for the badge.
You never lose, only win or learn
People who want Potter out get mad when someone mentions Arteta 😂. Give Potter time, trust the process 🤣
Hall wasn’t playing is his position. Chalobah wasn’t playing in his position is that the players fault ?! No it was the managers fault. Stop protecting him
U always ryt bro.. Stupid form... But letting him finish wat he started would be a fair...
Am sorry bt I dnt agree with wat u said abt nt all the players being bad. Fact is 95% of our squad has been inconsistent for years now. Apart frm T.Silva, Reece James n Kante, pretty much everyone else has been inconsistent. Lets nt forget how bad most of them were evn in Tuchel's time here. I dnt think it'd be wise to let Potter go coz there's no manager that can get a job done with this current set of players that are fit. As for the process, yes we hv to sound like Arsenal fans now coz we're now facing the consequences of years of constantly sacking managers every year n bad reqruitment. As Chelsea fans, we need to look at things logically n frm a realistic POV and nt jst be reactionary
Luis enrike  is the best for Chealsea  . The guy really  on the level  of guardiola. Chealsea  also need to stop playing  avreage  english players  just cause they came from England. With English players  you can't  win PL.
The dude is contradicting himself. He calls for Potter's head but also mentions Arsenal and Arteta. Well, Arteta has been a disappointment at Arsenal in his first two or three seasons and many fans wanted him to go, but now Arsenal are top of the PL table, 5 points ahead of City. Arteta's example indicates that Potter needs more time and trust. And as I mentioned before, even Ferguson needed two or three seasons before he made his MU sides successful.
I knew it was a downfall after letting Tuchel, Cesc and Marina Gravanovskia go, I've never liked Potter since he joined Chelsea
My only gripe with Potter is that, I’m not sure that Egbali and Boely foresaw this decline and transition whilst appointing Potter. If he wasn’t appointed with a transition in view, maybe then he might not be the right man for the job.
U are right Younes we live Losing our identity
Yesterday's game was like our burial never seen a Chelsea side be dominated like that, the worst in a decade.
Red Younes 😈
This team is bombshell, we don't have faith in this team
Potter should go
U know that Porter is too small to coach Chelsea a coach who can not change a game,
Rafa Benitez  even away better than potter
gp mst g
The problem is a manager, when you told your players what to play that's what they will played
The British government destroyed our club. Roman was the best owner .
Zidane? Rm made him look good…I don’t think he is better…I think youre just angry rn…that’s why you are talking like this
I really feel like some of these players have a lot in them but Potter is just not the man to guide them. Mount, Gallagher, Ziyech, Kovacic for example
This guy is a midtable manager with a midtable mindset. His interviews say it all. If accademy players aint good enough to win the UCL, how can a rookie coach? Cant see how potential signings draw inspiration from this performances. Also, A list players prefer to play for A list coaches. Period!
Todd biggest mistake to sack TT!!! Disgraceful...
So who is the right guy?🧐
Is Youness standing or sitting down?
Even the commentator said Chelsea needed an elite manager!
Havertz and Mount need to be dropped for the rest of the season so that they can finally understand that they're shit
Non consistent players go to reserve team til on form. Potter is tossn coin if havertz etc good one week to next & they wernt up for it before the game by there body language.
Tuchel was the man, even when we were loosing we had trust in him.
We have a real problem with type-II personalities: Todd B and Porter are both introverts, type-II personalities with no personal energy and charisma. We are finished long-term. Even if Porter is fired, Todd will not hire a bright, independent, strong manager. He needs some "yes sir" type porters. Todd is NO Roman and never will be.
Let's be realistic can we actually financially, morally, and with everyone's pride involved bring Tuchel back??? Please stop
Change whole squad appoint zidane that’s it except silva james chilwell kovacic kante sterling other all players are rubbish  This is the lineup I want to see                    Livakovic  James silva Gvardiol chilwell                 Kante kovacic                       Felix  Sterling    Nkunku    Mudryk   Sub Slonina fofana chalobah dumfries hall  Santos chukwemeka zakaria leao ziyech    Vlahovic
#potter out his giving us shame all this time. He has no experience for a big club like us.
Damn even the lighting is red🤣🤣🤣
Younes listen to this, bring on Mourinho he is an instant fix  ! Think about it.
Younes, I hope we are not going to ask for the head of GP this time, because, these are the young lads we are asking for. We know that no matter how good our young lads are they can not win the least premiership club not to talk of Man City because the PL has gone beyond the standard of our coach and the players. It is just a pity that the fraud of our summer signings and whoever was involved in the signing is our problem today. If we had signed like for like we wouldn't have been in this mess even with an inexperienced coach like GP, whom I do not know advised Todd Boehly on, it is good he is seeing his handiwork. For me, the 0-4 is a fair result for the boys I saw played so let's take it as rebuilding and move forward. Just that, I see no reason why management will let an experienced coach go and bring in an inexperienced coach to start a rebuild of a new phase of players.
I didn't expect much from this squad leave alone the manager. We need to sell all the players Kai, Ziyech, Mount, Jorginho, Koulibally all of them. KEEP JAMES AND CHALOBAH. Get the transition running now!!! Play the new lads please. Am sorry but I also blame the owners. Finally change Potter immediately
We need tuchel back
Let's give Potter time,, it's the players that are a problem here, thing is Chelsea fans need instant results that is why we are never consistent in winning the PL or UEFA
Thank you man I'm not happy I'm not happy chelsea 😭😭😭😭 why 💔💔💔💔💔💔
Simple just bring back Tuchel en we good to go.coz he is the full package.
Exactly bro…. Potter seems lost… he has no tactics or vision…. Why would u play both harverzt and mount on top … this is madness
I went to this game you said a lot of good things  I am so depressed  it's a shambles  I see us going into a bottom  six  and then we are in trouble  it becomes easy to lose all the teams around us know what a mess we are in
I miss timo
If you don't support Potter now don't support him when he start WINING The squad is the problem couple of them need to leave
Am so bad about this Chelsea team,i think the Chelsea fans should stop going to watch Chelsea games.
To blame Potter for Chelsea's demise as a certain Rory does is at worst vindictive and at best naive. If only it was that simple. Our club has been in relative decline since 2017 fuelled by a transfer policy that can only be described as a drug fuelled scatter-gun approach.  Potter inherited a squad reliant on injury prone unreliable players. Chelsea are the epitome of an unreliable squad, comprising of players who underperform more than they overperform, often in the same game!  We have failed since a night in Porto to push on. Throwing money at collecting players with no idea of the direction, style of the team or whether they would fit in. Blame anyone it should be directed at the team plus the transfer policy of the previous owners.
Call me a fair weather friend but I have lost the zeal to watch Chelsea matches 😒.  Boring football, no passion .
Same problems under tuchel, it'd not Potters fault ,mason mount is terrible
Empty Stamford bridge while players will show some good performances.
I’ll say it again. I’m enjoying watching Chelsea revel in the consequences of sacking Tuchel. I lost faith in the ‘trust the process’ bullshit a long time ago.
Potter isn't going anywhere, pls we should all take this in and not loose our head. It's time we stope being so fragile and plastic. Time to trust the process. It will start we don't have players...fact
You just woke me up from my slumber Younes! I realise I have lowered standards over the last few years just to keep me sane. This is not Chelsea standard! This group of players 80per cent of then are not Chelsea bench standard the last 20 per cent are Chelsea benchwarmers at best. You remember we used to bench Anelka? That was Chelsea.
Sell havertz ,mount and let joji go. Save chelsea
The UK government allowed Joe Biden to destroy Chelsea by imposing this useless stupid sanctions. I am sure this couldn't happen during Abramovich era. Its a pity
Tiago Silva player manager
Potter process will see us through till relegation come and everything we done is going to waste???????
Mason can still be that guy.....we saw him flourish with a manager like tuchel....but havertz has flopped under both and the main thing I want to say is that whoever saw Koulibaly as an upgrade to Rudiger  then ffs he missed every pass and every tackle yesterday...we saw what happens to our defense without a 38 year old Silva.We have to accept the reality that KOULIBALY IS SHIT. And about potter...he likes some hardworking players in midfield....the hard runners, the disrupters, the hard pressers....and we dont have anyone like that in the midfield. Jorginho is just too slow , kova is a good ball carrier but looses too often and cant press and run...zakaria is not that guy.....Enzo wouldve been perfect for his plans. GET RID ALL OF OUR MIDFIELD INCLUDING KOVA. And sign some quality creative passer of a fabregas profile. Get rid of KOULIBALY in the playing 11 he his just an average player and disgrace to that no.26. Get rid of AUBA, PULISIC, HAVERTZ and ZIYECH IF HE DOESNT WANT TO BE HERE and sign a top top striker with nkunku coming in and a RIGHT BACK please.
Your last part should have been the first in my opinion lol. We have players who are literally cup winners, and a manager who has progressed but not won anything. To suggest to me that all of a sudden we need a new squad sounds overboard to me. To echo what you mentioned, If the tools have become that bad rapidly, maybe we just need a new carpenter!
I think a manager that can help us right now is Pochetino
Man said Zidane you know come on younes Zidane won't come the squad rotten long time ago potter need time the squad already bad under tuchel start of the season I don't want blame potter for this he try every lineups and tactics he can use this players are not good enough I am tired changing manager it time the players pay the price p.s if we change managers this players go start performing then go back being shit then manager(you want Zidane) get sacked it become cycle we not in roman era..anymore time to move on for this sacking cycle.. I am tired...
At this point , Potter will give his resignation on his own ...
On point. But not Poch or Zidane please. They are simply not that good. Wonder why you are not seeing that.
The option is TT, if Chelsea want to climb the mountain....
I still remember when we signed havertz younes was like "mark my words he's gonna be a ballon d'or contender in the nxt 3 years"  Look at where we are now💁🏻‍♂️
The disgrace is the way they steal mr abramovitch, which only thing wrong about him was one of his nationality, you re gusting  the bitterness of unfairness in buisnes.
Potters stays cause you support him at the begging
The sad thing is that there was positives in the 1-0 defeat and thought potter will take that inconsideration into next match  Instead he does the opposite  How do you bench Zakaria when he was the best player and then start Jorginho who is useless   Havertz & Jorginho should go  Koulibali is poor  Potter is blind
I refuse to accept that Mount, Ziyech, Havertz and all other players are just bad. These players gave us a champions league a few years back and for someone like Havertz, we practically were drooling over him while he was in Germany. He even comes up for his country so what I do know is that we need a manager not a coach, we need someone like Zidane at this club. A manager with pedigree and who can manager egos and give proper pragmatic instructions in game.
In my humble opinion I think Chelsea fans are impatient and impractical. TUCHEL is gone and we need to accept that, after every game you can't be screaming bring tuchel back bring tuchel back Maybe look at why the squad is doing so poorly. Part if potter I will admit but I would not say it's because of his tactics but rather he inability to motivate the players. We all want tuchel back but is that really good? He was struggling near the end of his time at Chelsea and had many broken relationships with the players. He wouldn't even play players that were outperforming terrible starters. Never played zakarai, never played ziyech, always played jorghinho and mount regardless of the form. He was bound to fail even if he had stayed imo. His transfers made absolutely zero sense and even with his tactics there was no direction. When I watched the city game all I saw was that this squad is lacking some serious confidence. No one is good on the ball, can't string passes together and are to afraid to go forward always passing backwards. We also need to acknowledge, we don't have probably 8 of our usual starters and potter has to deal with all of this. I think it's unfair we place all this blame on potter when he is facing such challenging circumstances. At least tuchel had most of his squad at the time , potter has no one. This isn't a time where we think it's gonna be solved immediately. It's takes time. What process has been quick. Took klopp years to win his first trophy, at some point arteta was facing the same thing and look at him now, potential prem champ. Look we need to lower out exceptions. This season is done.its time we admit the players that clearly don't want to be hear and kick them out. I trust in potter. Imo he had a way worse squad with Brighton and was still at time out performing us. I believe in potter and I think you should too
Rest in Piece Vialli 😔😔🙏🤲 amin ya rabbal Alamin ya Alloh SWT
The lights 😭
Changing without real planning... Bt rebooting the system result in good n bad aftermath.
I always like to listen to you because of your honestly and pragmatism. There are levels to this, the DNA of Chelsea is gone, that ruthlessness that brought us loads of success is gone, we are left in the hands of owners who don’t understand the game and not results oriented, same as the gaffer. Potter will never lose sleep over losing, man is soo used to it all his career.
Finally Younes! 🤣 Man City toyed with us. Even their young players made us look awful. We've lost 7 from 10 in all competitions if I'm not mistaken. That isn't progress. That is relegation form. This reminds me of Chelsea under Sarri and even then the team won the UEL because we had players like Hazard, Pedro, Giroud etc. Now I actually fear for our premier league safety. We are literally becoming Brighton if not worse. At a staggering rate as well might I add. I don't see a plan. I only see progress towards relegation or mediocrity. The sad part about this is we keep selling our better players and keep the trash which is piling up now. This is also due to various manager changes as well. Managers come in and give all the players a "chance". They perform for a few games and then remain at the club. We need a top class manager to come in and he must recognize that the CLUB'S plan is a total rebuild. He must have a plan, style of football and a list of top level players to procure over a period of set time. However players like Havertz, Mount, Azpilicuetta, Kepa, Jorginho, Kovacic, Cucurella, Koulibaly, Aubameyang, Pulisic, Ziyech, Mendy etc. have to go. Cash in while they still have some value and lower the wage structure. Cap it after that as well. You wanna play for Chelsea? Well this is our wage structure. You want more? Try Madrid or Barcelona. Cheers mate. There has to be a hard-core approach. Right now it all seems buddy buddy and these players think they are legends now and aren't required to put in the hard work because they won the champions league. I think of who the club have lost or gotten rid of and I cringe. Tomori, Guehi, Rudiger, Christensen, Gilmour, Livramento, Lamptey, Abraham, Hudson-Odoi (loan), Werner, Lukaku, Batshuayi and Maatsen (loan), to name a few. Fofana? Cucurella? Koulibaly? Aubameyang? They have brought absolutely nothing but cost a fortune. Sterling is trying, but City knew exactly what they were letting go of and were happy to let him go and cash in. I say stop the stupid transfers immediately. Negotiate with Zidane immediately. Ask him what he wants through the door now and at the end of the season. Get onto it immediately and get rid of Potter. This is how we fix things. Not the nonsense we see now. An incompetent team. Hundreds of millions going to waste on more incompetent players and a manager looking like a deer in the headlights.
This is karma for all the Chelsea fans when they were laughing at other clubs ! Whose laughing now 😂
Potter out. He has collapsed the entire Chelsea football club.
Younes - completely appreciate your brutal honesty.  The new owner has spent a crazy amount of money on the next generation of players.  We have been ravaged by injuries.  If Pep or Klopp were coaching the team, would you expect a different result?  My point, any rebuild is going to take time regardless who has the helm.  We need to accept a step back to take two steps forward next year.  We are playing the best squad on the planet.  Specifically, what tactics should GP employ?  The 4-3-3 or 4-2-3-1 formation better suites the squad.  I’d like to see blistering emotion from GP but that’s not how he’s wired.  Give GP a transfer window to imprint his mark on the team.  Bench or sell the players that won’t run through walls for CFC.  Anyone “going through the motions” should be sold, totally agree with you.  It’s gonna take time to build the foundation.  Look at Liverpool, City, and Arsenal, it takes time with a new manager.    And don’t even suggest Tuchel, he completely lost the locker room weeks before he was sacked.  TT was abysmal the last 12 months he managed.  GP has won wherever he’s managed.  Losing sucks but its going to take time.  If GP flames next year, then sack him.
ROMAN WAS ROBBED, OUR CLUB WAS STOLEN, OUR GOV ACT LIKE AN ARSE, NOW WE GOT A YANK IDIOT FOR AN OWNER, BAD KARMA ALL AROUND. DISGRACE
I'm sorry but Chelsea is fast becoming a mid-table team. We went from Terry, Drogba, Lampard and all those players to the these lot. Worst Chelsea team I've witnessed with the exception of a few.
When you say 1 win in 10, I don't know if it helps but I can tell you at least it can't get any worse😂
Some Chelsea fans still want to persist with Potter because they believe in the "processes" that Arsenal and Liverpool have. They see what's currently happening at Arsenal and believe that with time and money, the same will come to reality at Chelsea with Potter in charge.
I will really take Tuchel back for the fact that he genuinely loves Chelsea so much.   We were in a bad patch of form during his last days as our manager but he would have turned things around.  It's a shame. I like Potter but I think he would be well suited for the England job.
Trust the process. Its gonna be tough.
These new owners are a joke . How could you suck a winning manager and bring in a someone unproven? Bring Roman back.
On the Chelsea issues I am confused and I can count the number of times I have been confused in my life. After given a real thought it's the Management and the Manager of the club that are confused. You don't keep a manager who is clueless about a position. Like you said the Project manager should just go. The earlier he leaves and we move on and change the topic the better.
It has reached a point whereby Zakaria is the best player of the Chelsea squad. The greatest downfall
Tuchel is not coming back.
we need tuchel back
No Zidane please. No No one else please. ONLY #TuchelBack
Younes is right
Potter to go? I didnt expect it from you Youness.
This midfield is an absolute joke, Jorginho has to be the most useless passer I’ve ever seen in my lifetime. Gallagher has lost ANY and I mean ANY of his abilities since coming back from loan from palace. Kai and Mount literally are turnover machines on the ball in the final 3rd. And don’t even get me started on koulibally Jesus Christ JUST PUT THE YOUTH OUT.. bring back CHO and let hall and chalobah/badish learn on the fly bc this is a lost season.. To the people saying “tuchel would’ve (insert stupidity)” THIS IS HIS TEAM.
Lol this is a plastic fan channel...Potter is not going anywhere...the same players you guys hyped up before is the same players you guys want to kick out now,! Any team who have their best players injured will loose games...duh...unless you are mancity and have 2 starting teams. We have no replacement for chillwell, James and kante...yet you want to beat Mancity?!?!   Look at liverpool...Van Dyke is out...they will struggle to win games..
Until havertz, jorginho, pulisic, ziyech, Gallagher ,Auba and potter go we will continue to suffer and mount is best a squad player atm get someone in to bench that athlete
#PotterOut #TuchelBack
Tuchel is also a cause of current problem as these new signings are his choices. Lukaku was his choice for FFS. We need to sell 80% of the squad and need a revamp. 38 years old CB is our best player on the field, all respect to Thiago but this says everything.
the answer is the session is done for , now all the new owner can do is think what did i do wrong ? for me he did a lot of mistakes and the biggest is sacking the man for the shadow of a man
You told a manager that top 4 isn’t a necessity what more did we expect
I watched the first half and just stopped watching it bcoz of the disgrace of a performance from Chelsea... It was like watching a champion team playing against a B-league team this is utter shit and ridiculous #potterout
Sell Todd Boely!!!
Just like Man Utd last season. We fucking gave up.
Please someone give me a time machine I will directly go to bohley and correct everything 😭😭🥲
Chelsea is too big for potter, and these new guys in todd boehly and his consortium should look at our midfield, why are we playing pass to me and pass to you in our defense potter please explain to us, Mason Mount, Kai Havertz, Hakim Ziyech,Jorginho, Conor Gallagher, Marc Cucurella and potter #go
you guys really expected us to win this game😂😂i would rather watch potter try to make us play attacking football with players he  doesnt even want than bring back tuchel  only for him to play nkunku as a lwb reece as cb and all our new midfield youngstars converted to defenders and a whole back five with predictable passing and back passes every time. before injuries we beat ac milan twice and younes was on about how he had missed watching us playing attacking football now its potter out without even giving him his squad.
No one should wait 19 years to win the league?  Chelsea waited 50 years to win another after the first one.  Spurs over 60 years and still waiting, Liverpool 30 years and now for Man Utd going on 10.  It's the cycles and yours is over.  It would have gone on longer if Abramovich was still around but he's not  anymore and now you'll have to play by the same rules as the rest.
We need to build a Team for a coach with an elite mentality  !!  I just can't see Potter changing a Champions league final if we behind  !! No mentality,  Not his fault  ! It's not something you can learn  ! You either have it or Not  !! Like Conte , mourinho,  pep  , klopp etc  It's all about mentality, not accepting anything but 120%
I stopped watching chelsea because I knew they will lose anyway. Atleast can save my time
Do you know what is the biggest problem in this football club that is sacking the manager and this club fans want only instant success but not long term like man city. Look at arsenal a year ago they was performing under par owner trust on arteta and look where are they now  at no 1. Seriously if arteta manage chelsea he will be sack with in a year. Look at city why they are performing since 7 to 8 years consistancy bcoz they give time to manager they gave time to mancini and now they stick with pep. Manager is not the problem player is the main culprits average and incompetent player are represent chelsea. Tuchel Loss the dressing room some player don't want to play under him. Player have power to sack there manager ?
Sorry to say this but English managers and players are overrated to some extent.
The media said we should give G-potter time.. it's okay we'll likely give him time, but he should tell us the type of team he's trying to build. Is it a team no one would like to play against or a team that everybody will love to bully.? Common media, this is CFC. If we're losing, we should make the opponent suffer for it,  not that we will lose and still suffer being bullied... pattern, tactics and restructuring is needed...
A very honest opinion and in-depth analysis. Pity the only thing now left for Chelsea to play for is to avoid relegation; at least win 5 games and go beyond the relegation threshold. A moment of soul-searching for the owners and the manager as we the fans take the emotional blows.
We miss the shear desire and fuck you attitude of Terry and Lampard.
Tuchel was clearly going to end up our pep eventually. Title after title. Pls give tuchel the chance and the time
What was G-potter trying to do. Fielding players that doesn't tackle but wait to get the ball and lose it again to the opponent or pass back while only pointing fingers. Havert, Mount, jorginho, ziyech. They only kill morals of other players...
For instance if we just look at how Lampard started out, without a transfer window, more or less same players if not worse. We lost 4-0 United on the first day and we were not too fussed because of the intent we showed, we seemed to have a game plan and we kind of developed on it. The entire season we played dynamic football, gave in goals but surely showed we could score against the best teams at will. There was some plan at place even if we didn't have people right for the system. But now the league has become more ruthless, and Potter's system is non-existent, there is no urgency in the team. Next 2-3 games we need to show intent and some urgency at least not anything. I agree Potter Cannot make us play like Brighton did freely, but there needs to be adaptive capabilities for a manager at Chelsea, at this level at least, have a plan b,c,d. There's seems none. Plus he being a sincere good boy doesn't help as the media is only going to eat the club as they always do in England.
Respect Kante!!!!
Potter still not saying the player's need to do better,  instead praising city !! 🙄  Still no hairdryer treatment for those boy's  !! The player's clearly don't think Potter knows what he's doing  !!
We can't get Tuchel back.  We need Hansi-Flick
My prayer is Fulham batter us and palace and all the coming teams I am willing to take the banter if it means we get a decent manager
Youness give us a break we have 10 players injured even guaridola cant win with this team
Take 35 mill from palace and Run for Gallagher , Mount more worried about money  , sell for 60 mill  !!  Jorgi sell , puli sell , ziyech sell  , Auba sell    !! Still worried Potter has no plan , no tactical brain  , No fight , No system  !! Nothing
When I see this performance and I remember the Tottenham game, I am convinced that our players are all not bad, potter needs to resign
Be patient youness ..sometimes things are not going smooth as you want se liverpool too ..I TRUST POTTER
Graham potter in Brighton he coached 135 matches... Out of the 135 matches... 42wins 46 draw and 47lose ... The process had started long ago bcoz we already have 1win 2 draw and 7 lose already conceding 16 scoring 6!!!
The only thing our owners can do now, is bring T.T back to the bridge. We need the man. Potter is something else
Let's be honest here, Potter is making Lampard looking like Zinedine Zidane. Lampard could at least Rally the troops
This isn't Chelsea, It can't be😭
Chelsea is now city's wipping boys.
How can you blame potter for losing against city with a midfield of gallagher and jorghinio and havertz as our attacker...trust in potter once given the players he wants and time he will shine
Maybe we get Zidane. I seriously think potter is lost
Let Potter stay.  Trust the process
it;s really painfull watching chelsea. the players and manger are disrespecting the fans. With this type of performance they still have the guts to demand huge wages. Their is no improvemnt from potter. the league game against city they played well okay Potter should have maintain the spine in the midfield, he chose to keep them on the bench until we conceded three in 30 minutes. one match their is improvemnt in terms of play, the next match it is back to square one. This coach is having a really dificult time here. its painfull.
Bye bye potter , Potter is going. I’m saying this because I’m on Younes side , myself have observed that there is no sign at all of anything to be positive . Don’t think potter can coach a big team , impossible .
Wow! Fully agree Younes. Wow! That's a mouthful
Some of us said it before now,he doesn’t have what it takes to lead Chelsea Tuchel time was way better than what we are seeing at the moment,that I’d why we believed from day one that the owners of Chelsea specially Todd Boehly made monumental mistake my sacking Thomas Tuchel
I really Wana see a Stat where we play the amount of  backward passes and when defenders pass among themselves and the gk really it's a disgrace but don't just blame GP its everybody
Oh everyone needs to calm down, we knew we were going to struggle with all the changes.
5 year contract for the manager🥲
Enough is enough.Thank you for ruining us blue.🤬
I knew you Rs wanted potter out from the time he made that video acting like he knows how he trains his team because of a public session 😭 this short term mentality needs to end
@younes how can we get out of this hell...what is happening to my club...seriously I am heart broken 💔
What are we going to do against Fulham and CP? We might lose both...
you are on point on every issue you have tabled. Aubamayang, cucurela and most of the strikers should be let go including the coach Graham potter and if possible Todd Boely too. Bad management everywhere
Potter is not doing himself trying to convince that he is the best guy for the job, including the board. Not surprised but that was bad. In my opinion, just gut the team and go full on reboot, if they're not good drop them. Since the board is keeping Potter, please for the love of all that is holy, what do you want from the team because I have no clue what's going on. The man will get himself sack if this continues, I'm not Potter out but man if there is someone we can get at this point, I would take that person.
I hope luis Enrique the next Chelsea manager
At this point, the Potter hiring is looking more and more like the hiring of Andre Villas Boas. He’s good for a mid table team, but not good enough for the big time. The fault is more on Boehly for choosing him instead of Potter cuz we knew that it took him years to build what he’s building at Brighton and with Chelsea, time isn’t something that’s just being given like that. Tuchel had to earn that contract extension after being given a 18 month contract before capping off not even half of his contract year with a CL trophy. At this point, we need someone with personality, experience, knows how to work with young players, and full of ideas like Lucho (Luis Enrique) to lead the helm if we even thinking about starting a long term project cuz Zidane’s definitely eyeing that France job. And Enrique is keen on returning to club football management as well. If we have to take a gamble on a manager, he’s definitely the top candidate to do the job for us.
How can a team win if the defenders keep the ball 110% of the game how can the strikers the forwards score that is how we play that is how Chelsea plays it's from the left across the difference to the right to the left to the keeper to the middle a long pass to the left side drawing against Chelsea that's how we play that's the problem and that is all on the coach the coach
Younes,  we had exactly the same conversation when Sarri was in charge. We lost to City  0-6 !!!!  We were heading very fast to Rock Bottom, and then suddenly one good half against Malmo, and Chelsea never looked back and had phenomenal end of the season, and Sarri left us. With Conte we were hammered by Watford and Bournemouth, and then we won FA cup. Lets have James, Chilwell, Kante, Fofana and few others back, and then judge Potter. Yes, performance was not the best. But City scored 3 goals from penalties and amazing free kick. Liverpool by the way have replay against Wolves, because the ref didnt give wolves  an honest goal. What would have Liverpool supporters  say if the goal was given
If you are going to lose do it with some tactics. Packing the bus is tactics, ten defenders and one striker is a tactical plan. Potter has never shown what his game plan is at least what outsiders can see he is trying to do.
Younes is barking on a wrong tree. Fish starts rotting from the head. Boiehly and his crew are absolutely clueless how epl works, combined that with arrogance of entitled american financier. Perfect recipe for disaster which is unfolding right in front of us. They have had success in american leagues that have no treat of relegation and as long as you made the play offs you always have a chance at winning. It allows to sell to fans the idea of "rebuild" practically indefinitely.  Roman's business model has proven success track record. Stick to it. That's simple.
Yes, The players are TRUSTING THE PROCESS 😂😂😂😂😂😂
We let Girou and Tammy go and kept Timo and Kai?!!?? That's what we get
I understand the blame on the Potter, but the "project manager" here is Boehly. he's the one calling the shots and screwing everything up. Fat Toad Boehly out!
The house is burning and the owners are folding their arms and watching.
YTL, WE HAVE GREAT PLAYERS. THEY ARE FOLLOWING PORTER'S INSTRUCTIONS AND TACTICS SO THAT'S PORTER ISSUE
Chelsea fans wen Todd came in i said be careful, and look we r gonna be in situation for long time because the process wen they sacked tuchel brought Potter, we gonna have young talent to build around so this is gonna be a long process.
It started with the British government f@@ked us then boehly thinks he is playing football manager why not bring JT to the board
I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO TELL YOU GUYS THAT PORTER IS NOT GOOD FOR CHELSEA. FIRE HIM AND BRING ANCELOTTI TUCHEL ANYBODY EVEN BIELSA
TT is the best way 💯
You remember what Ten Haag made the whole Man utd squad to do after their 4-0 loss to brentford at the start of the season? Yeah.. that's a proper manager.
Chelsea back where they belong - go and buy your way out of this one
"Eddie Howe", that's all I have to say to Graham Potter.
I don't want to be a "I told you so" but i never thought potter was the manager for chelsea from get go. YES  we need a process and get rid of players such as: Alba, Puli, Ziyach, Mount, RLC, azpi, Kulibali, Jorginho, Kova, Kante and get the pearls from academy and scout the correct players before they peak, suited to the system and way of play. EG: get the Enzo's of this world from their original club instead of getting from the benficas after they jacked the price. I mentioned that the managers we should had been after were: Ter Hag, zidane, Roger Schmidt or kept tuchel.  Potter is not a manager type for top tear team. He is similar levels to a Moyes, Redknapp and big Sam.  Unfortunately, i think the owners are the type to not sack him so they don't look like they made the wrong decision and be happy with a team that will always just exist to make top4 and no ambition to win the title. Potter's prime with chelsea will just be making top 4-5 consistently and the owners will be ok with that.
Red light 🤣😂😂😂😂🚨💔💔
am sorry potter is not the guy for he job sacking tuchel was the biggest mistake they owner maded
Are u now I Man U fan wats with the red 😂😡😡😡
Finally, someone called out Mount!
Truth is Boehly doesn't know what he's doing, every single decision he's taken has been wrong, getting rid of cech, marina and then taking over as sporting director, taking over transfers without a clear strategy if what exactly he needs, as soon as another club identified a player suddenly Chelsea is interested. Ended up Pannick buying and over paying for the likes of cucrella. And we are about to do the same for Enzo again, he then fired Tuchel after signing Aubameyang. And the only reason why he got him was because Tuchel wanted him in The first place. Replaced Tuchel with Brightons manager who he gave  a 5 year deal and now that it has become clear that Potter is not Chelsea's standard and can't compete with the Top managers In the league he can't sack him cuz he stuck with him, because nobody  is going to be willing to replace him, who wants to take a Job only to get sacked 4 months later? The players mentality is down the drain and the only solution that Boehly has is just throw more money at players we know deep down are not Chelsea's standard. And then our injury crisis keeps getting worse cuz our medical department is rubbish at the moment.  Chelsea is  completely  rotten from the inside to the outside and it's not going to change anytime soon.
POTTER OUT, JORGINHO OUT, COVACIC OUT , AZPI OUT, PULISIC OUT, EVEN KANTE IS FINISHED , KEPA OUT, STARLING OUT, WESLEY FOFANA OUT THEN BRING IN ZINEDINE ZIDANE AND RECRUIT THE RIGHT PLAYERS OF CHELSEA STANDERD.
Instead of Potter out, let's start a movement #Get Tuchel Back
On the day Chelsea employed Potter, I sense Chelsea becoming Arsenal and now see how that's fulfilling.
we lost against city showing some kind of fight last time and after two days i expected that with same fight and energy we just needed some scorers and improve this game but no it was a shit performance. We got now fulham palace and liverpool in this month 3 games no improvement potter gotta go he is good manager but not in this standard
Anyone saying that we should trust the process has forgotten who we are. We are CHELSEA THE KINGS OF LONDON. we need Potter out# Get in a winning manager and get rid of the Crap /Deadwood .
Potter Aka Chuck Norris should go!
Well at least it wasn't puli's fault 😂 cus the only In the only opportunity that this coach gave him, the team won and tied .
Younes I have always watched your videos for years and this one run deep every single thing you said was true and I agree with every single word ...potter needs to go ....everyone in the fan base only dancing around the subject.. It's time 👍🏾
Changing managers is not a problem what we need are good results not just a manager.
I bet 4-0 score, and won! Thanks Man city! Call me a disgrace, this Chelsea is worst than disgrace in 25 years I've seen lol. #BoehlyOut #PotterOut
Younes I am so angry and tired of dis team. To imagine how a team like chelsea till now don't have a playing formation to play a passionate football
Our coach has no formation to give on players, that's what he tells them to do when they go on the pitch.He needs to creative as coach and motivate his players, it's like there is the with what they are told.He is not fit for CHELSEA.Let coach the under 13 for our club,,,,,,we pay to support our team but we just receive disappointments.At the end all the clubs will hummer us.
Lots of problems at chelsea   Former management made a hell a lot of mistakes by letting ac and rudi go for free that’s made us to buy lot of new defences  We haven’t sign a proper dm and our last midfielder signed was kova in 2018  Our attack is disjointed and no creativity  In this team there is no leadership and fighting spirit except reece and silva  I don’t know i can say potter is the guy can lead us to glory  Our main players are injury prone
Let's keep losing because that's what the owner wants,as a Chelsea fan I believe those are some of the players who lifted the UCL, Club World Cup and TT managed to take us through different finals but what is happening with this GP coach of today.We should get ready to play the small leagues not even the premier league......
Attn: Todd Bohly & Team  We are being patient with you. We are warning you to be careful how you are treating our concerns. We may loose it soon.  Hire a competent management team for Chelsea and leave the scene. Give them adequate fund, and see transformation.  Pls, ensure a Tod or even Bohly is NOT in the team 😀😆
I value everything you spoke about. Completely agree. Potter out ASAP - please I'm begging you Chelsea.
I think the fundamental difference is that Roman wanted to *spend* money, buy players at their prime, to win trophies, whereas these new owners want to focus on youth development, sell players at their prime to *make* money. Once you understand this, it's not hard to see why we become a mid-table team, why we're stuck with Potter. These owners are not here to please the fans.
Chelsea is now the least feard team to play against. Potter is to blame for this.
Way do they do in training that's wat I wanna know potter gotta go he takes off  players that are doing well. Kai gotta go jorg out zyiech out pulisic out lukaku out azbi has to go. We a back up for Silva when he retires. That's nearly a whole squad.
Leave the players , the second you get a world class manager in youl see these players we’ve got good players even the injuries will disappear
Moaning and groaning as usual
Poch would be a the perfect dose for now, he'd play to players strengths and iterally up our game...backsides even!
absolutely agree  Younes! its shameful beyond redemption!
Timo now havertz I can't help but worry are we gonna ruin nkunku too star in Germany flop in the prem and not even the prema fault at this point it's Chelsea fault
Chelsea has a mentality issue and low confidence.its a very important aspect in football. Going 1nill down is not bad..its just no fighting spirit and thats down to mentality. Potter is not Chelsea's problem.we have a lot of dead wood players and injuries yvnt helped us.our top 8players are out and its really obvious our threats come frome james and chilwell. Potter is just to calm on the touchline
Free advice to a dumb ass: Hire two competent directors to run Chelsea, fund them and step aside. Infact, just leave the scene for now.    An icon once said "Someone who knows nothing in football, thinks that being 6th on the league table is not good enough, and so he needs another manager" 😃😃😆.
Mount needs the ten haag treatment he gave rashford make him realise and fix up the fact he is undroppable is pathetic at this point
What a life Mason Mount has btw...  Consistently drops stinkers, but goes home knowing damn well he is still gonna start the next game 😭
For real we have to understand  the problem we have at the club please My Chelsea people please injury's the injury's we it's like COVID-19 which is taking badly
Chelsea don't need good are talented players.... Chelsea need elite players we're a big club...
From a team that nobody wants to play to everyone wants to play against us. Story of Chelsea in less than 2 seasons.
Even Werner when he wasn't scoring, was somehow getting assists or making good runs but what the fuck does Havertz bring to the table? NOTHING IS THE ANSWER.
Potter OUT 😡
Chelsea was a club playing for title plus top 4 now Chelsea look like a mid pack club... letting tuchel go was a big mistake on the owner...karma.
The special one should be brought back he will make Chelsea special again
Potter stole Brighton's back room staff (including club legends) 6 games into a season....after the BHA club and fans supported his a) no win in 3 months  b) lack of passion   c)  no goal at home in 6 games.      Sociopath can only do underdog.....his demise is pure fun to watch :)
Potter would be sacked after we are beaten by Fulham and Crystal Palace.
Let's get zidane in the club
Thank you Mr. Younes you just said the mind of true Chelsea fans world wide. ...you are simply the best my friend.
We want TT back ASAP
Thomas Tuchel shouldn't had been sacked! BIG MISTAKE from Todd Boehly.... Chelsea need to sell these players come May end of season. 1;KAI HAVERTZ.(waste) 2;MASON MOUNT.(waste) 3;HAKIM ZIYECH.(useless) 4;JORGINHO.(useless) 5;MATEO KOVACIC (useless.) 6.KALIDOU KOULIBALY( waste) 7.MARC CUCURELIA (useless.) 8WESLEY FOFANA( big mistake) 9.PIERRE EMERICK AUBAMEYANG  In all, Mr. Graham Potter the head coach is as good as empty please sack this coach as soon as possible because he's finished!
Sack this Harry Potter
Younes I love your content but if u want poch then u are seriously deluded, he has never won anything even at PSG he couldn’t win a trophy with them. So why does that make u think he will be a good option for us? I agree that potter is not doing great and sacking managers has brought us plenty of success. But now I believe we should keep him and stop this constant repeat of player power, it’s about time the players dident win over the manager and instead we get rid of these deadwood players ruining the club with their stinking attitudes and performances. It’s a disgrace and a shambles, some of the players dident even clap the fans
Potter knows is here to stay basing on the long term contract is not on pressure u fans ur he is here to build why can he be on pressure to win trophies no motivation at all is comfortable he has time ad that’s why we ar suffering.
Potter knows is here to stay basing on the long term contract is not on pressure u fans ur he is here to build why can he be on pressure to win trophies no motivation at all is comfortable he has time ad that’s why we ar suffering.
Rebuilding rebuilding?when did chelsea turn Bournemouth ?what's there  to rebuild..disgusting English coach who has nothing in his head
It's simple to understand managers before potter including tuchel build a team and changed his philosophy for the players inorder to players to stabilize but boring football as a result but with potter he wants to play in a certain philosophy for that the players need to adapt not the other way around he won't budge a bit on his philosophy so these results will be the common but this is the question does the owners want to see finally an attacking free flowing football or just football with players who will play only in the system they prefer also note the same players downtooled tuchel when going got tough who do you trust Graham potter or players
English managers getting love from the media. Sam Allerdice would have been better than the current manager
Suffering right now🤦🏽‍♂️
Chelsea is way big a club for a poor guy like Potter to manage. Hiring him was an experiment that failed woefully. The earlier the owners replacement him with a proven manager the better. With Potter on the helm it can only get worst. Bad time to be a Chelsea fan, honestly. 😭
Potter knows is here to stay basing on the long term contract is not on pressure u fans ur he is here to build why can he be on pressure to win trophies no motivation at all is comfortable he has time ad that’s why we ar suffering.
Potter knows is here to stay basing on the long term contract is not on pressure u fans ur he is here to build why can he be on pressure to win trophies no motivation at all is comfortable he has time ad that’s why we ar suffering.
Potter knows is here to stay basing on the long term contract is not on pressure u fans ur he is here to build why can he be on pressure to win trophies no motivation at all is comfortable he has time ad that’s why we ar suffering.
Bring back Tuchel. I knew this was going to happen when Potter came in. The new owners haven’t got a clue!!
How do you think Southampton or Everton fans feel?
Potter came to Chelsea with other plan  To collect THE BIG CHECK.
I thought you were genuine, calling for them to sack a manager who has 9 injured players and is trying to change the philosophy of the club is just sad. I hope you bring up this video when we become successful again
I miss TT
Mr boss man just admit that u made a huge mistake of hiring potter and please let him look for greener pastures else where just take an L we shall understand plz
Bring jose back he is the man who can build the team he did it in past and will again build it 🙏🙏🙏
You’re absolutely right everything
God help us nkunku doesn't change his mind or reconsider his move to chelsea during the summer...and with this performance it's prolly why leao has decided to stay at milan
Are we playing football or American football this is not football just running aimlessly like a wounded antelope no game plan at all
It’s like players ar trained separately no chemistry at all each player doing his thing, can someone tell me why jorghino is  still playing for us please help understand this plz and potter Man I hv no words 4 u bullshit after bullshit
Look until we figure out is really wrong at chelsea,we will continue to be in this mess.  The same chelsea players we call them flops and a mess,when they go to national duties they ball like never before. If we dont fix this issue at chelsea, even Enzo will become a mess at chelsea and ball at national duties.  Put any of our players in order clubs and sit down and watch how they plays.  There's something really wrong at chelsea and until we figLook until we figure out is really wrong at chelsea,we will continue to be in this mess.  The same chelsea players we call them flops and a mess,when they go to national duties they ball like never before. If we dont fix this issue at chelsea, even Enzo will become a mess at chelsea and ball at national duties.  Put any of our players in order clubs and sit down and watch how they plays.  There's something really wrong at chelsea and until we figure it out,we should forgeture it out,we should forget
Sacking Potter now would be a huge mistake. But he's definitely questionable especially when he basically put Jorginho and 2 Mason Mounts (Gallagher + Mount) on the pitch together. In sorry this is a trio of death that will kill our game. Saw how shocking this combination was as it affected the rest of the pitch.
We going worst to worst . Its hard to see , Chelsea lose like this . Yes please, sell most of them . I Agree with u .  We need good coach and player if we wanna win .
With these same team, Tuchel would have gotten us to the top 4 Atleat let be sincere
I'm completely demoralised at this point, barely reacted to the goals going in. I've resigned myself to the fact that this is not Roman leading the club, this is not TT leading the team and Potter is going nowhere considering the contract he's signed. Boelhy seemed happy to throw this season away by replacing a CL winning manager with a yes man. Our injury list is massive but the uninjured first team players that are left all seem to be the problematic ones and they're surrounded by debutants and kids... there's nothing going forward, 5 goals in 9 games!!!!!! It's really exposed weaknesses that were deemed to be "just negative opinions" when pointed out years ago by certain fans (J5s negativity, Kepas mistakes and struggles with long-distance shots, Azpis dwindling pace 👀) Koulibaly is not the Rüdiger replacement we hoped he'd be and can't seem to go a game without an error leading to a serious chance or goal, Cucurella is a slightly faster Marcus Alonso with no attacking ability or aerial capabilities and Havertz and Mount are not just passengers but actual liabilities at this point and I'm genuinely convinced Aubameyangs sole purpose is to get revenge on Chelsea for Willians horrific performances at Arsenal. The only slight positives from this season have been Silva's resilience and Zakaria proving himself (albeit quite belatedly 🙄) and the new u-21 players look like they could be quality (Hall, Omari, Casadei, Carney, Humphreys, Fofana etc) but in terms of current development in the squad tactically there's regression left, right and centre and I honestly don't know how we make top 6, (even top 8 with Brentford and Brighton pushing) with this current crop of players. It's impossible.
I feel Mason is suffering from what Rasford suffer from, I understand the team is bad but sincerely these bigger than the player, We don’t have structure, you can’t tell me News castle player are better than our player, Don’t tell me United has a better team than us, we should focus on the bigger pic and stop blaming player
Potter out!!!
What a video bro, our fans standards have plummeted to hell, they are acting like they want us to be arsenal of the last 10 years... we are chelsea ffs
Time Is Up surely for POTTER! TIME TO GO
Think you’re reaching with the potter has to go part. But he must take some blame for playing shit5 and some other clueless players.
Said it on point Younes 👏
I've been trying to not moan about but TT was the man to build with and he loved Chelsea SMH.
I don't get it. How does Potter live... 2nd half is EQUALLY as bad if not worse than the 1st. Zero passing forward, too much sideways and especially backways passing. Players run 10-20 yards forward then pass the ball back to the defender. Like what the actual flying shit is that all about. Gallagher needs to go back on loan because he is crap just crap and crap and more crap. Koulibily is the worst defender I have ever seen. How is that a rudiger placement when all that no.26 does is give away pens and fouls for this season so far.   How does Potter takes out Ziyech a creative player but keeps mount till 70th minute and Gallagher for the entire game is beyond ANYONE understanding. I simply can't comprehend what the freak is that all about. Poor subs made at the wrong timing. I simply refuse to believe these lads whom are UCL, Club world cup and Super cup winners are this terrible at the game. No this is criminal at this point of stage in time. Jorginho also played till around the late and was taken off late as well. How does this happen!?!   I'm sorry but Potter needs to go. Potter is clueless, hopeless, pathetic, stupid, annoying and most importantly, lost in his own fantasy world whereby mount, gallagher and Jorginho and Loftus Cheek are his "world-class players"
100% Potter Must Go!!!
Very good video but sorry many players need to go . Mount is overrated Lewis hall looks more like a championship player and others including potter need to go
I agree with you bro
Boehle should count his losses and show Potter the revolving door TODAY! He should get Zidane or Luiz Enrique in order to salvage anything meaningful this season
Potter is completely waste of time simply
Chelsea is the only club I bring n love so much and ever since Chelsea takes the field I looked for a positive result not saying we can not loose a game but 90 percent we Chelsea fans know we will win. This Chelsea team under Potter I don't even want  game  to come so afraid n scared when are we gonna get executed.
Get him out, I swear I’d rather Sean dyche we might not get great football but at least we will win 😂 (chelsea don’t get dyche) just an example
Playing a man city game 3 times in a short period of time without scoring even a goal this coach is shit
Football is about one objective to score goals, not pressing, not turning back the ball. We got some midfielders you are totally rubbish 🗑 no vision they are so selfish they want to be that guy or the man. Fofana seems to be a good buy. Potter need to go 🚶‍♀️ and go now he will make us get regulate. He need to just resigned now. I see nothing we are lost because it is a blind that is leading us. Every manager need his players bullshit work with what you got
Sacked by mid-week
SELL HAVERTZ, JORGINHO, AZPILICUETA, KEPA, ZIYECH, MOUNT, AUBAMEYANG AND GALLAGHER ! We deserve better ....
We all know that life is like a series of coincidence and things do happen but this is totally rubbish and if Potter was not an English man the media wld be cutting is throat. We won nine games under Potter n we should have lost at seven of those games. I am seeing no plan, nothing n these players do not understand the game. Potter is useless and this job is too much for him n why are we so afraid to play our game.
I will say it again for the fact that Potter is not enough for Chelsea players are not doing extra to give results
I got a Facebook memory from last year today. FA Cup , we were winning 4 nil at minutes 42 . This club is failing apart 😢
I want Padrique
You just gotta love Younes, TT is now watching Chelsea and laughing
Arteta is a unicorn.... And we are not Arsenal we are the Pride of London "Chelsea"
potter: the boys gave everything
Need to give Potter time. Arteta needed 3 years to clear the deadwood and build his own squad.
Even when Arteta was losing, you could see his plan and his desire on the touchline… a manager with fire!
Honestly this is how I see it, if the coach has no personality and no fight on the side lines how does he expect the players to have fight or personality on the pitch? I just don’t feel he is the right man for Chelsea honestly.
I don't want players who choose which managers to play for. Just sell these overpaid ego maniacs.
Just forget this season...just wait next season..
i'm okay with the losing, i can accept the process, but when i didn't see the progress, i know it's not good and I'm not okay now i'm going to the silence since the majority keep insist with "the process" because the next question about this process is which end that we direct to go
Welcome to American ownership. Things are only going to get worse. Also agree about Mount. He hasn’t been applying required effort level for a long time. Sell him now or in the summer. 300k a week? Is he having a laugh. As for Potter he’s in over his head and sinking fast. Need to acknowledge he’s a fraud and get someone else in asap
I’m all for trusting the process and building a team up over years! But is Potter really the guy…? He’s soft! Doesn’t command respect!
Potter must be sacked. He cant manage big club. He just average and overrated. Bring SOMEONE BETTER!!!.
Younes would you take Pochettino?
If we sell Mount, Conor, hakim, and tod boeley we might have something we can build something To think mount wants 350k a week and for what?
END THE SEASON 😭
We’re in a bad place, there’s no denying that, but let’s think about it for just a second.  We’ve had to play Man City 3 of our last 6 competitive matches. Yes, we lost all three, but losing to Man City even ten times is nothing to be ashamed of, especially given our current injury crisis. Other league defeats came against Arsenal, Newcastle, and Brighton, which are all very good sides this year. Draws vs Brentford & Man U aren’t terrible results either.  My point is, this year has turned into a complete suffer fest, and we are definitely in a very important transitional period with new owners, coaches, backroom staff, and lots of new players. It’s never fun to be in this position, but let’s not go into full on panic mode yet. We’ll offload some more dead weight over the summer and we’ll be back next season with a vengeance.
Pretty true. Mount and Gallagher have fight but they don’t have world class technical ability like a modric, Casemiro and players like that… There’s levels! Mount and Gallagher are good but they’re not great! Chelsea need great!
I'll say it again Potter needs the boot and Conor needs to be sold Kai needs a Lil bit of motivation I don't know what's going on really with my team
So the bloke who's been fanboying over Jorginho for 5 years is now Potter Out because of his calm demeanor? That's really rich.
#potterout
Zidane?! Younes do you have any idea what players Zidane had when he did the UCL 3peat?! Are you freaking kidding me?! You are too immersed in Roman’s short termism, thinking that changing the manager will magically solve every single one of Chelsea’s issues!
CHELSEA PLEASE FOCUS ON PREMIER LEAGUE AND CHAMPION LEAGUE
What tuchel did with this caliber of players is beyond phenomenol , it was insanely stupid to sack him after 5 games of bad form . Just when he got players he wanted ( he didnt , most of them were snatched by barca) , he got sacked before giving him time
Just bring back Thomas tuchel I just can't get my head around it  Won 3 trophys and got us top 4  And they sacked Thomas tuchel And bring in this numpty Mr potter I'll say and I'll say it again Brighton only made him look good were a team that win week in and week out blue army just bring back super T 💙
Zidane to Chelsea 🤣🤣 Why are you even trying to dream about it? He refused PSG why would he come here to coach donkies like Jorginho and Havertz.
UK government ruined CFC
How coaches haven’t figured this out is mind blowing. Chelsea is still a good team, they just don’t have the midfield to compete, and a player like De Bruyne who can distribute the mf ball. Doesn’t matter how many defender you have, if you can’t create changes to score goal, you won’t win. Also I which we never sold Temo but send him on loan or go get mf Osimhen and buy a really good CAM, and CDM that can control the midfield, if not we aren’t making Top 4 in the next 3years🤦🏾‍♂️
although these are VERY trying times at chelsea football club the solution  isnt to sack potter we will only go back to square one if that happens. as bad as it could get we need to stick yhis one out.
I am a Chelsea Fan from Germany and I really can not understand why people actually were happy when Tuchel got sacked.He became the Chelsea manager when Chelsea was at his lowest at that time and still he managed to win the biggest trophy a club in Europe can win. What do Chelsea fans from UK want more? Should he win the World Cup with Chelsea?
IM GRATEFUL FOR YOUR CONCLUSION ON MOUNT BECAUSE THEY MAKE THE REST OF US SOUND INSANE FOR CRITICIZING HIM.
if potter stay's next season will be the same' we will be a mid table team, come on boley stop it now.
When it comes to play, too many Chelsea players only know the mercenary position.
Potter made every Chelsea fan lost heart. No player was motivated.  The last four and midfielders he put out is unthinkable  The young player Chucwuimeka who played so well last time was benched.  I am mouth founded
Kepa Hall Silva Biadishlie Cucu          Zakaria Kovacic                Charlie         Mount Havertz                 Auba
With Lampard at Everton, you can see players fighting for him against Manchester United and city, albeit they were not good enough. The Chelsea players literally downed tools the minute we went down. Where are the leaders on the pitch? No game plan at all. The moment I saw the line up with no Thiago Silva, with koulibaly and jorghino on the pitch, I knew we were fked.
The useless players are receiving salaries! Sell all of them plus the useless coach! In fact, close the club!
Did you just say time for potter to go ?? U r a disgrace mate if thats your opinion. Just give the man some time to build the team for god sake and stop being so reactionary. What you expect the result will be with entire first team injured and kids playing against one of the best side in Europe.
We can't hire a man middle of the season nd expect good results Mount is the one to score more than 10+10 every season but badly out of from this season.  Kai what r u doing 🤐. Every season.
The day that jorginho makes a forward pass is the day i get a girlfriend.
This is the first time I didn’t finish watching Chelsea play
WHERE IS THE ENERGY IN OUR TEAM. WHERE?!?!
Potter has 10 players injured, not a single one of his signings in the team, took over a team in a transitional period and more saying he’s not good enough already is very embarrassing if you think any manager could deal with what is going on right now at the club you’re crazy
Potter put out a team designed to frustrate Chelsea fans!  Disgraceful! To lose to M City is not a disgrace but no other team did so in such a disgraceful manner!
I'm going too stop watching this shit football from Chelsea as long as Potter remains as manager 😡😡😡
Todd WTF ARE YOU DOING IN THIS TRANSFER WINDOW THIS IS NOT BRIGHTON This chelsea team is so pathetic to look at Can't attack can't defend, Backwards pass and Inshallah, every attempted forward pass is over hit or under hit its depressing asf
You know something is wrong when younes says the manager is not good enough 😢
You should do a Chelsea keep or sell video.
My Bro you hit the Nail! Chelsea should sack potter
Bros got red lighting😆😆😆. Turned to a sith cause of chelsea🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Potter has too go simple as 😡
I stopped watching at half-time. First time I have done this in years. Even when we lost to City 6-0, I watched the entire game as there is always something I can learn about the team. There is nothing to observe and learn anymore, though, because you already know what will happen. It's the same BS every week. Potter needs to go. We need an actual leader, something potter is not. I want Mourinho back; even if he ends up getting sacked after 2 years, I don't care.
mr boehly u have to make a big move now: bring tuchel back. this will show u are a class owner.
This is exactly my point. A top manager should at least be able to work with the players he has. All this talk about bringing in his own players before he can perform is just excuses. These are professional international players.
Deadwood FC has got to change. Dave, Koulubaly, Kovacic, Jorginho, Ziyech
I hate it how some chelsea fans have blind faith in potter. He has shown absolutely nothing in his time here to suggest he will turn it around even if he gets the players he wants
Mr Potter is very proud saying he s capable and that the top management is backing him. Chelsea is going to be relegated .
Too many players are interested in pay not play.
Haha 😂…Dead wood
Brighton only did any good because they had good scouting I don't think any of them listened to Potter :(
I will say the owner killed Chelsea when he sack Tuchel. Too bad, this man is destroying CFC. I’m really mad. This manager can’t take us anywhere. Just can’t believe what I’m seeing, so sad.
Sacking Potter is not the answer. Gotta see the bigger picture. Chelsea has been unstable for years and Abramovich could not keep the club running at the same winning standard forever. This has been coming for years regardless of who the manager was. This is a new Chelsea and we have to adjust to this new reality. No going back now and which coach can come in and immediately change fortunes while dealing with the enormous pressure?
What infuriates me most is when they keep making reference to Brighton! Like Brighton has become a standard for Chelsea 😳 Chelsea football club is now looking forward to being like Brighton in a few years!!? This is scandalous!
#potterout to be honest I don't care if he becomes good I don't think he'll take us to the highest places under tuchel we defo could have won the league or ucl again. Under Potter I feel mid table like he doesn't fill me with confidence can imagine the players. Youne from u said u saw the training I believed you not cold enough bad players or not
I agree with you Younes with ‘’Everything in this Football club is wrong’’ but if everything in your house is wrong, whose fault is it? THE OWNER  THE NEW OWNERS MAKE TOO MANY DECISIONS WAY TOO QUICK AND I AM NOT SURE THEY KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING  THEY ARE THE PROBLEM NOT POTTER
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
BRING TT BACK!!
Younes, I think it's time that you apply for the job.
😅🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Bring Luis Enrique
Coach hasn't been evaluated.  Tuchel didn't want these players either.  Potter's had no windows, more injuries than the rest of the league working for a team that was just forcefully SEIZED by the government.  Unprecedented!  Everything has stunk, admittedly, but it's incredibly unfair to punish Potter for the results on the field when they're a culmination of many different factors.  Let's wait until there's an 11 that actually want to wear the shirt before judging the coach.
" we can not have a group that just gives up" but that's happened to like the last five couches Chelsea has had
WARNING ⚠️.. Take care of your mental healths.. I watched every TT interview.. Going from Tottenham conte TT to Graham POTTER.. The reaction of TT coming back i will celebrate like a UCL trophy..
For me bro where we got you completely wrong was the tactic and strategy we came off with overall the youth that we put in was not a problem because there is no way in hell can we play the youth and play experience players in another game and both results are utterly disgraceful I blame potter for this
Does anyone actually think that potter will get us to playing good?Potter is not a leader and he hasn’t got what it takes to stop this Rot. Give the same players to a Top manager who has got the know how and there will be obvious fire in the belly of these players.potter hasn’t got any clue about how to move the team forward and he knows it himself. He would not be able to change our situation until we are close to the bottom.potter is not ready.
Thomas Tuchel Laughing With ucl trophy 😴
Maybe we grifted more than we should’ve from you in the summer🤭
Not a Chelsea fan, so take this for what you will, but the issues at Chelsea are the same that I've seen at Arsenal and My club Man United. If you cast your mind back, you didn't start this season that well under Tuchel, then Lampard before that and Sarri before him. People say "oh it's the players then" as if the solution is get new ones, but I think that's just a symptom not the disease. Fundamentally at Chelsea, no one respects the manager, because they're always essentially a substitute teacher. Frequently changing has led to short bursts of incredible success but I think it' salso lead to this. If you look at Arsenal, and United, one of the best things they did was back the manager, not financially but with power, Arteta was allowed to get rid of numerous star players, or players with a bad attitude, although it's very early days, the same at United, captain benched, Rashford punished for being late, Ronaldo treated the same as everyone else. Liverpool and City are the same, Pep and Jurgen are the guys there. They have respect. Fundamentally I think Chelsea need to get out of this hiring and firing mindset, and to do that you're going to have to suck up some pain, maybe for years, like United have, like Liverpool did and like Arsenal did. The fans play a huge roll,  I don't know if that man is Potter, that's for you to decide, but I think at some point you need to back someone even when it's shit or you'll just be back here again a year later.
Ziyech is the worst forward we have. He looses the ball like 9/11 times I have genuine fear that's we may be in a thick of relegation battle this season! Tell me anything that's isn't better than us at the moment? I watched wolfs against Liverpool, if we play them at this point, we will be lucky to go home with 3-0. If city wanted to play, they could easily have scored 10..
I really put the blame on potter. Yes mount, kai are rubbish but, there are too many problems... I really think we will regret TT. Guys this is coming from above even. We are the new arsenal I feel... Oh god...
Potter accepts mediocrity. He needs to go. The whole squad needs a revamp. Havertz, Mount, Aubumeyeng, Callagher,Loftus Cheek,Ziyech,Jorginho, Kovacic they need to go.
I agree man. I don’t see anything or reaction in all the games I thought we would have seen a great change and attitude after the World Cup but it’s ridiculous for Chelsea to play like this every game it’s crazy to think.
And he has the audacity to ask for 300k
Potter must go! Imagine being scared to watch CFC games. Bring back TT. EOD!
We need TT😢back
We sound like Arsenal fans saying "trust the process" but where are Arsenal now? Aren't they top of the table and playing outstanding football? Most likely going to win trophies soon. Trusting the right process and being patient does work sometimes.
Chelsea don't need harry potter let him go before he send us to relegation zoon
I’m sorry but this is so pathetic, Tuchel had 3 seasons under his belt and he showed no improvement. He signed his own players, let go of players he didn’t like. And after all that what did he achieve? A team with no creativity on the downward spiral.  Maybe Potter isn’t a good enough manager but anyone who thinks Tuchel is or shouldn’t have been sacked are beyond deluded.
Mr Potter aka tinker.. Starting line up reeks.. He is definitely not top four material
Potter must go. He's not fit to handle Chelsea
Why sell TT tho .we are worst now
The roman era is done...it will take a harsh realities to shake up the team..some boys are far from good..they are sympathized with..no competition...
The answer is Luis Enrique he is free. Chelsea must sign him we don't need new players. Only thing we need get release these average players. Luis Enrique like kids give him our future, we have potential in our youth
How did we fall off this deep so fast 😮
That's y we're not getting the big player that we need .they are watching these game
I thought lampard was bad potter is poor
Sell mount
BRING TUCHEL BACK
At this point I wouldn't mind Jose 3.0 but my first  choice would be zidane
Good coys😊
Got the feeling Potter is assessing the players and trying to identify who he can trust and who is good enough for this project going forward. After today's game he has a lot more evidence of the players that he can and can't depend on. I feel sorry for him because the injuries and dead wood players around the club have not helped. Playing the best team in England and probably Europe doesn't help either especially with our b team slash Academy players. The 1st thing that needs sorting is the fitness and health team because never have chelsea fc ever had so many players injured or picking up injuries.  Give him more time to nurture these kid's and get rid of the dead wood and implement his system of play we can't jump the gun and keep sacking the manager. Judge the guy when he has a fully fit 1st team who he has worked with for at least a year then that would be a fair assumption of what he's doing as a manager.
Younis this is the rant of a SPOILED ENTITLED BRAT You of all people know football goes in cycles The end of your run is here and you're going off like the social media; I want it now generation Potter has a full team out with injuries Give it a chance
I'd love Simeone
Let’s face the truth, Todd paid 20 million to get the whole coaching staff of GP and gave him a 5 year contract worth 60 million. He is not sacking him anytime soon
Completely agree with you, potter is out of his depth and making very poor decisions both with team selection and in game management and the players clearly have not bought into his ideas. A decent manager would get this team playing well. He clearly is out of his depth and this was a step too far/ too soon, although he did do well at Brighton. We have to pull the plug. Under Tuchel we were creating chances but struggling to score. Under potter we don't create chances, can't defend, can't pass and have no structure to our play. It all comes down to the instruction of the manager. He unfortunately has to go, although painfully I think the new owners will hang on longer.
I said that before and I’m gonna say that again, Graham potter is not the coach for a big club like Chelsea
everything you said is spot on younes 👏
Loool I told some of my group members that mount is a runner but some of you British fuckers hype him up ... he's not there
Yeah let's let the players sack him shut up u absolute helmet
I haven't watched the game after I saw the lineup
Three points:  -The owners are clueless.  -Potter is clueless. -Most of our players are clueless.  Good news: We can get rid of 2 and 3. Bad news: Nothing will change because 1. will stay.   Welcome to the new Chelsea.
Agree with all the points you made 100%!
The truth is for Chelsea to progress, bring back ibramovic! The new owners lack winning mentality and you can see that in the deals they made so far. Wept your tears and let the new owners go!
Gianluca Vialli ran through brick walls and played with broken ankles and gave absolutely everything for this club! The way he was spoken about highly by past players that played alongside him, under him and after he was sacked sums him up in a nutshell. A hard-working no-nonsense football player and indivdual who put everyone else before him and that is why he will forever be remembered for all of the great things he has done not just in the game but outside it too. The rest of the current players in this squad [excluding the young players and the recent two arrivals who actually gave what they could] they dont have and never can match what Vialli did or any of the past players and successful squads down the years have done. The players in that senior squad who won 3 trophies under Tuchel that put in that lethargic disgusting performance today - were an absolute disgrace! They shitted on the badge and they showed disrespect to not just Vialli, his family and the past greats that have played for Chelsea over the past three decades and more, they also disrespected the fans who watched at home and even travelled to Manchester to witness that rubbish. Potter is also guilty of the same charge too as well as Bohely. The fans will not tolerate anymore bulls**** performances that are not to the standards that are required at this club. Every single senior player [excluding the young players] deserves the abuse and criticism that is warranted and its the same for Potter. Either Bohely shows Potter and his managerial team out the door or the fans will intervene and it will not end well.
Marcelo Gallardo 👀👀👀
I totally agree with everything you say Younes. The other thing that is peeing me off is the amount of time we are playing the ball back to Kepa and the passing is atrocious.
The chelsea fans in London are shambolic very silly fans you couldn't see things were getting worse. For christ sake protest and boycott going yo the stadium. You guys see shit he going to destroy our  club
Replace Potter with Emma Hayes.
It's all well and good wanting to break the cycle of hiring and firing, but this is absolutely not the man we should be sticking with. That should have been Tommy T. Apart from the games against Milan and a few other streaky wins, we've underperformed hugely under Potter. The squad definitely needs an overhaul, but under someone else. He's out of his depth.
What really gets under my skin so call YouTubers blaming previous administration for the problems we have now abramovich turn Chelsea into a powerhouse winning trophies don't forget not so long ago when Chelsea purchased Lukaku it was supposed to be the missing link nobody was saying the rest of the players were s***of course we know no some players have to go come on we still have some top international players in our team but what we haven't got is a top international manager so stop comparing Chelsea with Brighton tell me what top teams around the world would hire potter as a manager.
I never want this guy from day one. Brighton is not Chelsea. In Brighton, he was coaching with no pressure and small team with players that are trying to make name for themselves. But in Chelsea, big players, big squad and porter loss. Please get rid of him. We can go without a coach than having potter
What all Chelsea fans need to understand is that habits and behaviors are established over a long period. We got here because of erratic decisions made over years. Changing coaches every other year has given us this team. These players are players brought in by Sarri, Lampard and Tuchel. The definition of madness is doing the same thing and expecting different results. If we do not settle down and give the manager time, we will continue to be average and not build anything sustainable. We are suffering but this is the price we have to pay to build anything sustainable.
I miss the Drogba, Lampard, Terry days... I also miss the Diego Costa, Eden Hazard and Willian days... Kante, Thiago Silver and Reece James are the only Chelsea caliber players, I can place on the same pedestal as the aforementioned...
Younes: We suffer watching Chelsea these days. Frustrated. Please do us a favour and tell Potter to tell the player to go to correct spaces with or without the ball 🏀 and make them available to get the ball.
Going from Tuchel to Potter is ridiculous, Chelsea is not Brighton. 2 completely different clubs
Potter out 💯
I’m all for giving managers time but regardless of results if we are not seeing a way of playing and authority then it’s just chalked from there. It’s rather stick with Potter and keep losing or switch it up and get someone like a Zidane or TT
I'll take Portechino than this guy. Potter is clueless. How you win one in 10? This is Chelsea
Best channel on EPL going Younes 👏
TT’S grievances is upon CFC bro
It is not hell or paradise... we were arrogant best of the World and now the perception is we are the worst...we hace 10/11 injured... Come on!! Tuchel was also strugling witjout James, Chilwell and Kante only...
Zidane would actually be my favourite
That's the problem too, as soon as we lose or go through a bad patch, we want the manager out!!! No Mate, I respect you a lot, have been supporting your content for years, but this type of knee-jerk reacion is wrong! Same think happened under all the other managers, we need a rebuild!
I am an Arsenal fan who thinks that you guys are over reacting really. Any team that has the number of injury that your team has presently won't fly either. You guys need to calm down
Arsenal's process was not 19 years. It's been 3 years with Arteta. Would you instead be willing to wait 3 years with the right manager, whoever that may be? Because for Arsenal, the process has brought about total synergy across the hierarchy and on the pitch, in a way where long term success is starting to look achievable.
Let’s be having it right, most of Chelsea fans didn’t expected to win these 2 games in advance with list of injuries, but the last  match we played a much better than we all expected, so people just back in hope and having tiny expectations for tonight’s match. Let’s be realistic, we are playing away in man city , and they still put up a strong team , even we played our strongest 11 we still not confident to win it ,  considering for any future injuries and age of players like Tiago and Azpilicueta. We have to manage players very sensibly and carefully.  Jorginho should never start in important matches. We desperately needed a ball carrier No. 6 . we all thought chalobah could do better than aging Azpilicueta at RB , but it proved he isn’t.  Conor Gallagher should go on loan or sell in the summer, the kid just technically not good enough for us , Kai Havertz is so soft . Ziyech doesn’t have the pace and skill to beat defenders on 1 vs 1.   Mudryk and leao to replace ziyech and pulisic will be a massive upgrade, get rid of Aubameyang try to sign toney in this window, sign a RB .
You're always totally spot on Younes and I always respect you for your forthright analysis. I'm just wondering why Chelsea doesn't get Enriques in . He'll get the fighting spirit in and also will make the changes that need to be made
I've defended Potter since the day he's arrived but since our drop in form he hasn't changed anything to fix it. We aren't defensive we aren't attacking and we aren't possession based. So what are we? Oh yeah thats right the whipping boys of the league. It's been a long time since I have felt that there isn't a team out there that does not fear us anymore
U right abt all, especially the manager, he is clueless without a direction, the clubs seems to big for him to manage , he is presence doesn't command any respect and he his too soft with the players thinking it is d best way to maintain a peaceful dressing room, hence the players won't take him serious. Secondly the players , some of them re jes overhyped by the media , they lack the creativity to change the game( mount , kova, )  mentality to stay strong and push harder if it gets tough( havertz, pulisic)or the physicality to withstand the pressure in the Premier league,  j5, kk. U can't have dis crop of players with so many deficiencies dat can't compliment eachoda and expect a  good result, TT knew and dat was y he settled for the back 3 , but was lucky he had a fully fit kante, James, Chilwell,  and inform mendy,  rudi, chistensen and an expirenced thiago, dis guys were d backbone of the squad, with must of them out, u shouldn't expect much from what we have now.  I won't blame d new owners they inherited a decaying squad no actual back up. Lastly  players should  be properly identified by his mentality,  physicality and creativity and each should be able to compliment each strength and weaknesses
Potter is a cancer!! He must go!!
Todd Boehly... Bring TUCHEL back now...#bringbackourTuchelnow...
I have no words im sorry to say this i never was Potter fan. He is clueless this job is too big for him 5 years contract???
It’s very very shameless 😌
This job is too much for potter at this moment.   We really turned charity fc this season 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
Younes you have to give the process time mate. Chelsea under Roman had no long term plan. Everything was quick, win now, splashthe cash and solve the problem...No Mate! We have to give him time! KTBFFH!
You can have all the talent in the world as a person, or as a team but without character you will win absolutely nothing. These bodies at Chelsea currently do not know what it means to play and represent this great club. Lest we forget, yesteryear's teams of Vialli, Zola, Gullit, Wise ,Ballack, Czech, Drogba, Terry, Lampard..... characterised a thing of  beauty and substance. These players and their management are of a lower character earning too much too soon doing too little. You know, if Chelsea keeps playing silly games they will continue to win silly prizes or no prizes at all under this regime.
Honestly I don't know what you people want potter to do yet we all remember what TT said after the dynamo game "we have the same problems because we have the same players" so this are the same players and theres only Soo much that potter can do with this players who are overpaid and can't give shit for the team like haverts has been shit since he signed but you all have been defending him.
Can't deal with the runners we need creaters on the wing and in midfield.  Kova is a runner, mount is a runner , Sterling is a runner tap in merchant but we can work with him. We need wingers for sure though I think we actually got some youngsters that can create
Zidane was unemployed and was interested in the job at the time tuchel was told to bounce, also read that poch is pushing for the spot if it becomes available in the future. I feel like they rushed the process, instead of following their advice and just being patient, trusting the process, and whatnot.
No guts no glory
Un acceptable this performance it’s really poor
My God Younes, how you nailed it tonight (as you regularly do).  Graham Potter!!!  When TT was replaced with Graham Potter, my first reaction was: Who swaps a Bentley for a Ford Fiesta?  Sadly I now don't care if Fulham trash us, as long as it takes us closer to salvation: Firing this tepid and clueless mid-table manager destroying my team😞 #SaveChelseaNow #SackPotterNow #Chelsea4Ever....
Everyone at Chelsea needs to take accountability, from the owners straight down to the players
Kova and jorgehino too go ain't good enough for Chelsea
Sack potter and kova and jorgehino still aint
I have never seen younes this emotional,, this is really bad
Disgusting & awful performance. Players like Havertz, Koulibaly & Jorginho to name a few needs to leave. Our middle table coach is not good enough for us
"Same players, same results.",  I believe Tuchel said something like that before he was let go.
With all due respect CFC is too big for Potter let’s be honest he is clueless 😩
Younesh i respect you because you always speak the truth..I remember when i also think Mount was better than saka and foden when people were debating..But honestly Mount is no way near none of the 2.. This guy want 300k contract to do nth... I agree with you..sell them.. Havertz they say is generational talent..I'm still wondering where's the talent.. He's literally living off that UCL goal.. Time Is up for most of these players.. And this manager was never the one to lead us forward
Pointless to let potter go now.
Graham Potter tactics are not the problem but its clear that chelsea players have huge egos. Is it normal that chelsea players are easily prone to injuries compared to others clubs???? Why not sack the players with big egos and get red of their huge pay check? Mount, Pulisic, Chillwell, Cesar Azpi, Keppa  are not near good players. You could sack this 5 players and prove a point to the remaining and coming players that only the board can decide when to sack the head coach. Its clear that Graham Potter dont fit the club but yet they need to respect him and play for the badge. If I were to decide, I would sack the following players such as : Mount, Pulisic, Chillwell, Cesar Azpi, Keppa and show to raheem sterling that if he don't follow the line he will end up like his old teammates. To come up to the pitch and get an injury in only 2 mins its pure joking. The board need to start cleaning the dressing room from players with high egos and then if the manger doesn't show progress then look for a more charismatic manager that can have control over the dressing room: I can pinpoint a few managers with bigger egos than can do the job such as Antonio conte, Anchelloti, Zidane.
Mason mount is good for pressing, no doubt !!
Only one player needs to go and that is mason mount. The virus that fat Frank unleashed to his club. Every time he plays our xg is in the toilet. Both games we played city and we could of gotten a goal or two but today we play him and we did even see their goal. Mount brings down the team.
i said it when the coach was appointed. i wonder why it took people this long to discover how terrible Porter is. These Americans are dragging the club backward. A top manager like zidan is still available and we still have this man that doesn't know what he's doing? 80% of the players have to go too. what a pathetic performance! The worst game i have seen in my life time
I dont know guys, but damm this football club can destroy you mentally. As a grown asss man i now wanna cry and scream.....
You obviously didn’t see him raging and say f me to his assistant when havertz handled the ball think he’s sick of the same crap from this group of players
This manager and his supporting coaches look lost on the bench and the results say it all. The day you went to team training and came back with some excuses-doubts for him, I knew he doesn't cut it  - well you confirmed he doesn't cut it for this level. Time to say goodbye.
It crazy how I really be waiting for you to post after watching Chelsea match😂
I like the rawness and honestly youness
Get zizo😎 in simply everything will start kicking....simple kzzzi think experience is any thing
Are we the worst performing team in the prem rn?
13:02 - Go back to TT’s last game at Dinamo Zagreb when we went down by 1. That was the same reaction why because these players don’t have that DAWG to make shit happen out of nothing!!!
You know the club is sinking its standards when a coach can mock fans in a presser!!!!🙆‍♂️
Younnes,  I just realized that the excuse given by Todd for sacking Tuchel it's a lie.  They just wanted  to move on from everything Roman.  Remember that some backroom staff were fired as well. Everything is on Todd for me.
If we change boss which is right do NOT get an English manager. They're all useless
If Graham Potter keeps his job, our only hope is that we buy these players Fernandez, Mudryk&get Potter a 1st choice striker that he'll play such as Marcus Thuram.  As he obviously doesn't want 2 play our striker brought in 2b 1st choice, Aubamayeng.  And Havertz really is not it!!
Havertz and Mount are two softies who are constantly fixing their hair and looking at the big screen to make sure they look good. Get out of our club, softies.
We need Thomas Tuchel i swear
Kama teaching Todd Boehly a good lesson.
I have always asked the same question of if  running was the only thing Mason mount got for us? Jorginho is far from Chelsea quality and I think havart has dropped big time but potter is clearly far from our solution starting from our lineup and tactics
How can we play a whole 45 minutes of football without a single shot? Even a relegated championship team would take  a shot in 45 minutes. Shameful.
English people said we should accept their poor man and understand the process 😄😄😄😄
Offer French coach huge money and he will coach Chelsea
The players are not world beaters,  but no one can convince me that Brighton have a better squad than chelsea.  He's good manager just like David Moyes was good at Everton. Chelsea is a different level of expectations and pressures to what Potter has ever experienced in his entire managerial career.
Former German coach is available
Couldn’t agree more with what ur saying younes , Chelsea need to get rid of potter and bring in some steel and not put up with any more soft wood .
Well said Younes
Or the best is for those useless owners to swallow their pride and bring Tuchel back as he can work in harmony with technical director Vivell
Super TommyT got sacked for less than this clown potter. Chelsea had an identity under Thomas,he improved most of the players made us into a “team nobody wanted to play against” then we went on that magical champions league run as underdogs and came out with the big prize after losing at Wembley just prior to that. I can’t see that with potter & younes is spot on about everything he said about potter he has no authority,no emotion,no control over the team....IMO though I can’t see em sacking potter bc it will make em look like idiots once again by sacking an elite manager to hiring then firing there no1 choice to replace Thomas. Pride for the club has to come before pride of the mistake. Get back Thomas or get zizu or poch. We can’t carry on like this rivals r having a field day watching us collapse so soon after Roman was forced to sell up. What ever sympathy I had towards potter has entirely gone he has lost mine & many Chelsea fans respect for recent results & performances. Potter ain’t ready for the big time it’s been proven. Lamps had authority bc he was & is a Chelsea legend so the players had to respect that. If I was a player on top of my game working for someone who hasn’t the CV of winning or managing a big club it would be hard to work with him. I’m hoping by the morning either potter resigns or Todd does the decent thing for the fans & sacks potter to bring in a real winner to take us back where we deserve to be at the top end of the table & in cup competitions. Pls bring back TommyT. Until then it’s gonna be a tough bumpy ride till the end of the season with potter n co. “Carefree wherever you may be,we are the famous CFC”
Your 100% right..  These r tha more or less tha same players that got us in 2 tha top 4 last year&won us 2 cups whilst we were being sanctioned, it's not tha players that r at fault, it's tha manager.  Our standards have slipped under Boehly.  When Roman was tha owner been 10th place was unacceptable like wen Mouinho was sacked 4 losing tha dressing room.
Todd thinks  Chelsea is an American Rugby club
There is no need . We need to interview Mourinho, Zidane, Spanish coach and porchetino
Can we get a video on which players you would get rid of
Give him time
Bruh it’s long 😅
That part of a wise old man 😂😂😂had me in stiches
The owners must know now that sacking tuchel was a big mistake. I don’t care what anyone says… Chelsea was not this bad under tuchel. Tuchel was going through his first proper rough patch this season and was never given the time to sort it out. I’m sure if Chelsea had given him time he would have got them winning again. He never lost the dressing room either because a lot of players were not happy after he went and posted tributes to him on social media. The man won us the champions league and got us to 2 cup finals last season that we should have won but didn’t due to not having a clinical striker to finish off the chances. Tuchel finally got his striker and other players last summer and then gets sacked and never gets a proper chance with the new signings. What a joke. Our last great performance was against Tottenham where we showed fight and aggression. Now the players look like they don’t care if they lose the ball or track back. What a joke the club has become. There’s no way all these players are not good enough to be winning these games. They’ve just got the wrong manager in charge.
My thoughts are the same with you Younes i completely think like that and as long as potter will be our manager we'll go one step back.
Havertz has to stay. He is still only 23 and his confidence is shot constantly playing out of position. He can play a false 9 with quality around him but that's where we have to address the issue of playing water carriers in Midfield. You need them in every team but please keep it down to 2. We don't have any players even making an attempt finding our front man. It was Hazard, William, Pedro and then.......nobody. I had high hopes for Sterling on the LEFT (his best position in my view) but it seems nobody at Chelsea watched him at City. It speaks volumes if the best passing players are your 2 aging centre backs of whom only one is filling you with confidence. Hakim, Christian, Mason and Jorginho have to go. I'm not even sure Connor should have a future at Chelsea. I hear you talking about Kai but he constantly has to track back to receive or even win the ball back to start an attack and the 1 or 2 moments we have had breaking from the back happened due to it. He needs to be involved in the build up and rebuild with players in front of him. Potter has to go 100% as every single player declined under him apart from Silva. The truth is as much as you can bet on youth, without winners as the spine of your team on leading from the bench.....this is what we are going to get.
Todd and Potter has ruined the club.. Chelsea is hilarious... Mid table team quality..... Relegation candidate maybe.....
Chelsea are going into the Dumps!!! Ridiculous!!!!! Disgraceful!!!! Getting paid hundred of thousands of pounds $$$ to play like shit???? Fans paying up for season tickets to see this shit????? Fans turning up to support but Where is The Team????? Team Fail to Turn up Yet Again!!!!! Team Fail to Deliver Yet Again!!!!! Team Failed Us, The Fans, Yet Again!!!!! We, The Fans, Might As Well Don't Turn Up Anymore!!!! Condemn Them!!!!! Leave The Stadium Empty!!!!! Leave The Merchandise Outlet Empty!!!! Save Your Hard-Earned Cash People from Getting Wasted Further!!!! Might As Well Feed The Poor, Get Them Some Clothes, Provide them Shelter, Give To Charity!!!!  Where is the revolt against this board, this ridiculous establishment whose Ruining the Club??? Where is the revolt against the players, the team who underperformed below standards??? Are you guys waiting for CFC to get Relegated???  Fans of CFC worldwide, Where are your Voices???? Where are your Actions against this Shambolic Setup????  Do you accept this Sub-Par Performance, Sub-Standard for your club?????  Out of the EFL Cup, Out of the FA Cup, Out of Top 4 Champions League spot, Out of the running for the Premier League title, in 10th position down the bottom half of the table, No fight for the badge, No drive, No courage, No battle mentality, Zero determination, Zero heart, Zero desire to win or succeed, Zero gameplan, Zero setup, Zero performance, Levels have sunk, Standards have sunk, what are you guys, the CFC fans waiting for???? Relegation????? Do you still accept all these rubbish performances?????  Enough is Enough!!!!!
So we get rid of Potter and get who? Give the man a chance FFS!
Potter Out  Majority of  players out Damn disgraceful  performance in the wake of GIANLUCA VIALLI passing
SPOT ON YOUNESS!!! I’ll take Zidane, don’t really care for having TT or do I miss him. By the end of his reign and even months before that watching TT’s Chelsea was absolutely dreadful and hurt my eyes. Now Zidane is a coach that brings an exciting style of play and commands respect because no one in this Chelsea team will think they’re better or above the manager if Zidane is the manager because the truth is none of them are even close to the player Zidane was and he’s proven to be a manager that knows what he’s doing 100 percent. Only player that is from the same ilk of Zidane is Thiago Silva but Thiago Silva is respectful and respectable. Not to mention Zidane will get rid of most of these players and improve on what’s left
Can you think of any English coaches who have perform well in the Epl erra. How can you sack TT for potter? Ridiculous and rubbish Todd Boehly
How can we accept this? I’m angry at just how we’re being condescended by even the media. BBC commentators looking at the subs bench for City and saying “Chelsea fans look away now”. F you. We are Chelsea, not some League Two side on a day out. Where is the pride from these players and the manager? Where is the fight? This is hell.
I really don’t know how we come back from this it’s by far the worst team we have had
Chelsea is too big for this coach, why he didn’t start with the same lineup he started  with last game ?! It was away better at least .
FFS get Potter OUT!
Comparison to Arsenal isn't senseless. Potter obviously lost his changing room, just like Arteta did. He needs time to bring in players that actually want to play under him.  If we can get Zidane, I'm all for it. If not then I would rather we sell all the players that don't want to play and rebuild the whole squad.
Totally agree however who should we trust to be on charge of a real process? theres no one unfortunately.
Names have to be called out. But to single out Mount is harsh in my opinion. They guy has an ego and is asking for a lot of money but the guy works harder than anyone on the field not named Thiago Silva. We need MORE guys fighting for the badge. Rudiger wanted to stay but was told he wasn't needed. That's a huge loss. But the talk of essentially scrapping the whole team and staff seems wild and reactionary but something has to happen.
Younes, is red light in the background a tribute to Arsenal Fans TV 😄
You are the man younes!! Very well said. All facts. hardcore Fan over 21 years here. Showing direction and progress we can accept a loss. But showing losses with no direction is unacceptable ! The thing that bothers me the most is the body language of the players and no will to fight. At some point, someone has to be responsible for this. This club at the moment looks confused or looks like we don't have a manager or obviously dont respect him..They all look tired and disinterested. It's very disappointing, we cant allow to drop our standards just because a new ownership came in. Folks!!! New castle is coming.. arsenal is building from the success currently.... City ain't going nowhere... Liverpool will bounce back... United might have finally found the guy they needed with ten haag. Spurs will be spurs... right now, we are looking like the club that will fall out of top 6 for many years to come if we accept these standards. I just feel so bad for our fans who give a shit and that pay to go to these games. F... it!!! Give John Terry the job for f... sake!!!
Can we bring in poch?
😢
After having a great game Zakaria you bench him for Jorginho smh that project is to big for Potter
Luis Enrique is available!
Chelsea players are a disgrace potter some time this players always be the but Sunak
Niko kovac
I like what I am seeing Thomas touchel  thank you for everything. You can only compare when one is gone and another comes. Hahahahahaha
I’m sick of playing like Brighton bring back cfc who wins games and doesn’t look like a mid tier team
Potter needs to walk if we loose the next 4 games.
Bro if we loose to Fulham, am done with Chelsea. Maybe the owners have thier eyes on championship football. I am a die hard Chelsea fan but this is irreversible, they are not listening to us the fans.
i remember when a winner won the champion league vs man city
This team makes me physically sick like more then half of those players don't deserve to wear the Chelsea kit fucken shit players just end the season im tired
FINALLY YOUNES YOU HAVE SAID IT HOW IT IS!! I'll answer your question yes all the players are bad part from one or two. Look at the last time we competed for the league with a complete different team I'm use to watching Drogba hazard now we have settled for shit like havertz and Mount saying give them time fuck that I want to win 1 win in 14 against a big 6 club lets get funking angry boys come on we are funking worse then arsenal were with chamak
Younes I think this loosing run needs to stop. This is Chelsea and not Southampton seriously. Southampton are bottom of the league, how Chelsea are playing is just comparable to a bottom club.
The Potters agent has to receive 50% of all Potter future contracts. I still can’t understand how the hell they signed him for 5 years 🤡😂
Chelsea have gone 20 years back in the past very sad
It's high time fans in the UK go on a serious protest. This must stop. Potter must be shipped out with immediate effect. If the fans have a rep on the Chelsea board, then we must act asap. What the hell is this. 😡.
The british goverment have  always wanted American billionairs from the west to own british club and not billionairs from the east....this really show how backward we have become allowing an American owner who have no idea about soccer but want to run our club. All clubs that are own by American billionairs must suffer at least 9 -10 years before they see some progress....arsenal suffer for more than 9 years, man utd suffer for more than 7 years, liverpool suffer for more than 8 years and now it is chelsea to suffer for more than 7 straight years. All i can say i have witness the rise of Chelsea but i feel sorry for the late comers who are witnessing the falling rome of soccer.....the city of stamford bridge is on fire and wont let up. This American owner is curse like the others and we should have never fall for this. Nice video Mr Youness, i am so broken.
My brother you say entire squad but we only have half a squad to work qith
I like that part where younes said Mason Mount is asking for 300k a week and then the chuckles abit and says “HE GOT TO GO” 🤣.  For me watching and supporting Chelsea this season is not on my shopping list.WHOOO throw that f**king list out. 😮
Potter's body language don't inspire confidence in the players, even on us fans.
Younes, you can't continue to say you’re sorry for hitting the nail on the head. Potter is bad, and obviously, the job seems to be too big for him to handle. Boely needs to find a solution to this ASAP! I don't see Potter fired, so what's the solution going to be. This is where I'm confused and hurt because I don't see us getting better anytime soon. It's really SAD
The team is unhappy and truth be told, this is not the first time we have seen Chelsea players put in this kind of disgraceful performances. Chelsea owners must have a way to fix this. Harry Potter can't handle this time period
No shot on or off target in first half. We easily gave the ball away. Wtf . Our only shot came in the second half from mason mount.
Bro honesty couldn’t agree with you more, I’ve never felt so embarrassed to be a chelsea fan, I haven’t watched a full 90mins chelsea game since the before World Cup, this guy needs to go, it’s physically draining and mentally draining watching this team after seeing many great teams
If only the board heard what you are saying.. 😔
Graham potter it's demanding because if he is demanding, we won't witness this rubbish football. There's no fight , no anger , nothing. Thomas tuchel was demanding, he pushed the players even though some of the players are crap tuchel managed to get something out of them. This guy's can't get anything out of these already bad players
Zizou and luis enrique are available… and we have money….. we need a complete reconstruction.  S/O arteta for his work … im really sad for us seriously….. what a shame… we cant make more than 3 passes.   Potter is not for us
Mourinho has the power to change! Zidane can’t do it he is a manager who can build on another philosophy. You need a German or a Dutch manager to fix the whole thing or Mourinho who can do something special perhaps
Jorginho 🤣🤣🤣🤣….can’t believe this guy won European player of the year recently
GP is on 12M for 5 years. That's what Boehly thought was a good deal. 5 YEARS! If we sack the imposter and pay out 60M or until he gets another job..... that pays him 12M a year lol not going to happen.  The players don't respect him, he has no cred. No one even knows why the fuck he is there... If I was Mount I'd not sign a contract either. We're fucked. Boehly has destroyed Chelsea FC in 6 months. It breaks my fucking heart. It really does.
I am very sorry for this great football club Chelsea and the fans, but this down dive has to happen. It cannot be, that a guy who knows nothing about football, but has money,  comes to the best leage in the world, takes over Chelsea FC and tells TT to play a 4-3-3. Nobody can do that with TT. So he left. And I am sure TT saw exactly what was coming. However, resonsible in the first row is Boris Jonson and his cleptocrats. Sizing the assets of the owner of the Club because of his nationality i a no go. Roman Abramovich did nothing wrong. He did well respected business in UK since decades.
Younes, this is why I find it hard to understand what potter is trying to do? What is his identity? What style ? Does he need the injured players back before he can implement his tactics? Tactics and philosophies are played by players and not names. If he has a playing style, all he needs to do is ask the players to do what and what. He could even sit back and park the bus, at least it is a style and an identity, potter has nothing. What was his style at Brighton? Potter is David Moyes at Manchester united 2. It's not working and it will get worse. At this point I don't see how we can go to Fulham and win. We will loose at Fulham and then be dragged into the relegation. Maybe alot of Chelsea fans don't think we can be relegated.   We will be surprised. Potter needs to be sacked. Bring back Thomas tuchel.
My bro! Now we(Chelsea) fans, must sing  the song: " the way down we go"
Long term project 😅! That started 20 years ago when Roman bought Chelsea ,hello ? did everyone forget the trophies we won , great nights/players, academies all progressing n growing .  Did the new owners not realise that . After Roman was pushed out Chelsea needed only a bit of tweaking n a good PR we already had a solid enough core w Tuchel at the centre of it n we would be just fine , may be not win the league but we had all the right circumstances to .       But EGOS can bring down an empire let alone a football club . Tuchels exit was the outcome of ego talking not commonsense but to bring in potter takes the biscuit . Process 😅 ! To what n where ? To win the league / champions league n to be amongst the big clubs in Europe . Are we missing the elephant in the Room . Could someone tell Potter  he is already arrived in such a club n he is in the driving seat 😅.
Im blue always but things have to change !!!!!!!
The BLUES are in the REDS😬
No character in our squad these days. Hoping next season is better.
We played Man City  away with 9 first teamers out  but it's true we've got to much deadwood ...get rid now and replace...
The players are the issue but yes lets sack a manager. You see how Arteta is given time to Build his squad. Now look at them. Hes not even had a window and you lot want his head but these players are the same ones who let your Tuchel down
You know it’s peak when the red lighting comes out 😭 we’re finished with Potter ong. Bring me Thomas Tuchel NOW. Boehly I fucking beg you.
Do not know what Boehly is smoking but he have to get back in reality and understand what Chelsea fans want.
Some are still living off the Kai Havertz champions league goal.  That guy cost us a lot., But he provide so little....scores only when he cares.
You are speaking the exact truth.
There is not a single player coming to Chelsea this way! It took United 10 maybe 15 years to be here where they are right now and Ten Hag fixed it. But you need a different kind of guy. Probably Louis van Gaal can do something! He can change the whole business model in a blink of an eye
For me the problem is not with Potter or the players, it's with the passing coaching that happens on the training pitch and the medical department and or training facilities and schedules. Going back to Lampard's time managing Chelsea all through TT's and now into Potter's every time we drop point's be it defeat's or draw's against lesser opposition the main problem is always forward pass accuracy. As a team when we drop point's we seem to give the ball away every 5 or 6 passes. No matter who's playing the players giving the ball away are sometimes squad players but at least 40% of the time it's our good 4 or 5 players that we know are first team. I think this is why we are so eager to pass sideways or backwards because there's an apprehension against passing forward because we lose it by passing inaccurately so often. Teams know if they pressure us we'll give the ball to them and they don't even need to tackle us. The other problem for a few years has been abnormal amount of injuries. It's either the medical staff, quality of facilities, the intensity or lack of intensity in training but there is obviously a problem there that other teams don't have that has not been addressed. Until we address these coaching and medical issue's we can't judge weather Potter or the players are doing bad because given these coaching and medical problems any players or managers would struggle.
If it was just a player matter City will not pay to Pep around 20 ml. That’a the main problem that we do not have top manager. Then T.T. was coaching you knew if we get down there will be changes in tactics now it’s just boring to watch🥱. There was TOTAL NOTHING. Just call T.T. and apologies because with this level of manager we will finish in top 10-12 max and CL will be finished with next game.
Lets be real here. Our players ARE high caliber.... You're crucifying our players, but don't forget, this Team won the Champions league with Tuchel... It's not the players, they have the quality, its the tactics.  I really want Potter to do well, but he was tactically destroyed today, and no matter how good your players are, if your tactics are bad, no amount of quality is going to save you... Your rant is silly, blaming the players when Guardiola clearly raped Potter today. Our players are all class and you know it...
winning standards start from the manager  what type of motivation can he give them when he's use to losing  Then there's no experience to use to create a new wave Potter is not Chelsea caliber
I love younes spot on what he is saying
You guys don’t seem to think it’s take TIME for to build a team, support the team and the manager. He is still the guy who most Chelsea fans were over the moon when he was appointed, most of you want us to start playing like Brighton did under Potter, it took time for that remember how long it took him at Brighton to achieved that style of play. In my mind I beginning to think most of you modern fans are from the Roman era. I love this club, but had I been a player I wouldn’t like to play for Chelsea because of the lack of real support from the fans when times are rough for the team. Am an old pensioner now but I still feel bad when Chelsea lose a match. I am sorry if I upset anyone.
Let’s judge this lot against Fulham, not the best squad of players in the world.
My biggest fear is Chelsea will be sucked into a relegation battle.  Will the owners finally see that potter is not up to the task and let him go?
Mount thinks he's the golden boy... Now everyone is seeing that he has been sh!+ for a while now. Mount, Havertz, Joginho e.t.c should be shown the exit...  As for Potter, he just proved the fans right and Boehly wrong. Huge lesson for Todd. What a disgrace.
I still think we should back Potter but are these players really this bad! Questions have to be asked!
Every player in that dressing room apart from the academy and new players that just  came in has won the championship league. And they brought a coach who has not won anything yet to coach them... how do you think they will respect him.
Some players according  to reports were scared of tuchel, these players need that but now that he fell out with the owners, unfortunately we won't ever see tuchel manage chelsea again
Question would be good for you to answer ,how many teams up to the transfer ban season would Mason Mount get in from 2004 ,I personally think none
Some of these players we are criticizing were Heroes 1 - 2 years ago. The question you should be asking is what has changed? The change has disoriented some of these players. We demand consistent performance yet we don't play these players consistently. Some players play a different position every weekend. Most players play out of position. Some are just forced to play together but they just don't communicate. Chelsea FC is too disorganized, from the boardroom all the way to the pitch. Emma Hayes has managed to shield her players from the board and club restructuring, Can Graham Potter do the same?
This is the worse Chelsea team I’ve seen since the 1980’s 😡😠
Graham Potter is just deceptively a nice guy but in reality he is stubborn and arrogant. I gave him an offer to just divulge a free secret hole to destroy Guardiola system and he won't even respond. I am sure he watches all your videos and won't even listen to your constructive criticism. I am done watching his matches but I will still be following your own video. I think i will just watch Newcastle matches till the rest of the season at least they are more interesting to follow, they could even win the league!. These Chelsea matches are stereotype, horrendous and bullshit to watch. Waste a lot of mental energy to watch Chelsea play. Rubbish!
Pls pls pls Chelsea fans can we just give this players a break Chelsea just went through hell from UK government and almost all our best players are injured only your support is needed now it will be better I rest my case
English coaches never ever are good coaches، they need to bring german and spanish coaches to PL.
@younes Where was your boi Mason Mount? He's been missing this whole season... He's trash
The moment i saw the lineup i turned off the stream. Knew we would get battered. Zakaria,Chuks put great performances on weekend and are dropped for jorgi and mont??? You can be favoritist, and have respect for players, but if you dont have the balls to oust underperforming players you should not be a top team manager......
I’m no too sure why GP would think of starting this so called “experienced” players over the young one without the influence from Mr Todd B… I thought of this and I said to myself neither players nor GP are to blame for this yeah… I think Todd B must have been over protecting most of the so called “experience” players in the team and that’s is why he hired a less aggressive manager and fired more aggressive as long as they are both impactful manager in Todd B’ opinion…☺️☺️☺️ Todd B wouldn’t have got rid of TT who has wealth of experience at the top level and employs GP… I think Club owner’s interference in who the manager has got to play or not is what everyone has to look at here because TT wouldn’t bend to Todd B’s interference but GP would…. It’s no shock 2+2 is 4 right 😂😂😂  This so called older(Not Experience) players are the problems pushing Todd B to interfere so they can get game time😂😂😂 I can’t believe GP would rather play the like of Jorginho over Zakaria, Mason over Chuckwuemeka ???? There must be some Janja carnival going on in GP’s head to have thought of starting not even one physical player in the defensive face of the midfield…😂😂😂
We are rubbish because russia invaded ukraine.
We are stuck with Potter. There was a reason we went for this guy in the first place. Give him time, it’s too too early to call for his dismissal. The problem here is that the players don’t want to work with him. The board has to be smart with the way they are dishing out huge contracts to these dudes.  Mason for example has to earn the contract he’s asking for. I’ll sell him if you ask me
Potter has to go honestly personality is key in this game
This should be a Netflix documentary man!!! What is wrong with this club.
Havertz was good last game sorry! Mount was bad 🙌… but having aubameyang and we know he can score but he can’t… then there is a different problem. If you see him not scoring for 10 games that’s not his style. He played in the PL before so there is a different issue. Tactics probably! Chelsea has the worst tactics in Europe. Havertz should be a better player. ZIYECH should be a better player. But today the backline were 4 jokes seriously. Without Silva there is no backline man. Garagher on RB no no no!!!! Mahrez eat Hall today guys. These are tactics and decisions! Managerial problem somewhere everytime.
I was ok with us finishing 5th or 6th, because we sacked tuchel and I knew potter wasn't gonna give us top 4, cuz he is not accustomed to big club standards. Im sure brighten is laughing at us cuz our owners felt they were more important than tuchel was to this club SMH
Someone listen to this man !
Well said Younes.  Players aren't good enough, coach is out of his level unfortunately. Difference between Arsenal's process from Chelsea's is that Arsenal have needle pushers, game changers. Who's that at Chelsea?  Creatively, Arsenal relies on Odegaard.  Chelsea relies on Mount.  There is a massive difference in quality between the 2 players.  Then look at the rest of their players, they're big, physical and strong players with quality all over the pitch.  Chelsea are physically weak, small players.  Just look at that wall lined up on Mahrez's free kick goal today. Other than Kai there, the rest of the wall were composed of hobbits.  Koulibaly was on the other side. Chelsea has no world class players except James and Silva and one is injury prone while the other is near 40.  The new owners threw around money on the worst signings they could ever have chosen.  I literally would have recommended Fofana (glass), Sterling, Aubamayang, Koulibalay and Cucurella to United in order to sabotage them lol.  You couldn't have picked a worse bunch of players to spend incredible sums of money on unless you were trying to sabotage the team.   Team is a mess and it looks to me that the ambitions of the club is to be a feeder club like Dortmund, sign top young talent and move it on for good money returns.  That's what it looks like because they've neglected the first team largely. Potter is clearly out of his depth - that said, the owners have done him no favours.  I've never seen such a pathetic Chelsea squad in decades. As for Zidane or any top elite coaches, why would they ever even consider coming to Chelsea?  Look how Boehle operates....he wanted non stop Whatsapp meetings with Tuchel, bugged the crap out of him about players, pushed players he didn't want like Ronaldo on him, wanted updates after every single team meeting or player meetings, constant communication - what elite general is going to agree to that?  No chance.
I agree with what you’re saying now. I was totally in agreement with giving the manager time to build from the ground up. Problem is that I don’t think Potter is strong enough to do it. I think the players have lost confidence and Potter doesn’t have what it takes to fix it.  The amount of injuries has been a huge factor but even so we should be better. Decent players won’t want to play for a team outside Europe who have no fight in them. A couple more losses in a row and I’ll be completely behind a managerial change. COYB
1. Thomas Tuchel was a great manager for Chelsea he won us the Champions League and he was full of passion and determination if he wasn’t sacked and instead given time he couldn’t grown at Chelsea just like kloop for Liverpool, because remember he didn’t start well and took Liverpool to high places yes Liverpool right now are lost but I guarantee he will get them firing again and we could’ve had that with Tuchel   2. If I see potter clap like a parent who’s child is learning to walk for the first time or just look like he can’t be bothered one more time…. I swear I’m gonna lose it! His body language and the way he sets the team up is ridiculous yes the player are to blame as well and Todd Boley and the staff but potter just needs to go. People say trust him, give him time, if there is one person we should have given time it’s Thomas Tuchel   Chelsea is in the worst state it’s EVER been in. How on earth is this ever going to be fixed?
#PotterOut
Younes  it is difficult to not agree with you, but we should go deeper for find solution! Most problem created by new owner! First he sacked all board members Including most respected women in Football World Marina Granovskay who very successfully run the club motor than decade, Also Peter Chech Chelsea Legend and very intelligent man. He sacked medical staff and many more people, who were with Club more than 20 years! He needed YES men and sacked Serial winner Tomas Tuchel, because he didn’t agree with useless plans from owner! So Potter is just big problem bot not only one! Long time we will dream of Roman Abramovich era!
Chelsea getting relegated 🤣🤣🤣
Glad you have woken up Younes....told you thisages ago.
I'm done with Jorginho (no pace = no recovery) and Havertz though he's not a striker he too casual for me liking. Like he gives his 60 to 70%. Should've kept Werner instead of him. Atleast teams were afraid of his pace. We should get Thuram for £10 to £15 million and play his as a Striker. He could be a good stop gap till we get a proper ST in the summer.
Jorginho, Pulisic, Ziyech, Havertz, Azpi, Loftus, Gallagher need to leave the club they're completely useless💯
It still frustrates me that they gave TT all that money in the summer, knowing they were going to sack him (because of the fall out) I’m all for giving managers time, but at what cost Potter is lost, we are a mess! It is time for him to go & get someone who can handle a big club with big names👍🏻
PotterOut!!
I don't have problem with porter but the problem I have is the new owner who is still maintaining this manager.
We’re a stick in the mud mate, I keep saying this over and over - we needed to replace tuchel w another world class manager. It’s that simple but the americans wanted him smh they buy more players and have zero cohesion and fluidity.   That’s the managers job and he’s not reaching that level. I’m done w Potter they don’t play attitude. so many issues with how we play, we have to start w the manager and he needs to go
We in deep shit we need TT back.
Many times ZIYECH pressed and nobody else pressed with him. This team is 11 individuals man. Chelsea will end right side of the table this way
Youness!!!!! Hold THAT L!
TT is very special. He's the first manager to win the CL without a pair of world class forwards since Chelsea did it in 2012. Real Madrid, Barcelona and Bayern Munich all had front players that could beat the best defenders in the game. TT really bucked a trend in 2021. We should just bring him back and hope he has also grown from the experience. Also, he's the only manager that has ever consistently had the measure of pep guardiola. That's a real something.
Hate to say it but I agree. Sad but I agree.
Loll... Trust the process ... Back the English manager
Kai needs to leave Chelsea football club….the man seems like he doesn’t want to play
And don’t get Enzo start with a new Kante please!!!!
i still think we are better than arsenal.
17:29 that had me dying😂😂😂😂 facts though we are literally Arsenal “Trust the process”  what have we become
And the injuries are a major problem in this team. You can mis 1 2 or 3 players but 7 is toooo much
Levels have dipped, confidence no where to be seen, Chelsea are in the mud at the moment. No signings isn't helping either. In 10 days we atleast should have got a RB and a CDM/CM. Though a striker is needed too, but the problem is we are not creating any chances.
Younès I’m sorry you have nothing to tell haverts or mount because the probleme not them is potter and bohly you not see the difference tuchel and potter
TT fixed a bit only not everything. He was tactically to defending but potter needs to learn to speak up. A team having this much issues needs a speaker
Gallagher mount average  With zero creativity
One thing you seem to miss out. How do you know the board want to keep spending 200 million on players that already  to go every season like Roman did. Abramovich stops paying money out when mourinho was in charge told him to use the players he had. So mourinho brought Sidewell in. Tuchel lost the players at the end because they were had enough of being scream at. Not all players respond to that. I understand the frustration I'm frustrated
Poch?
Major rebuild needed but start with the internal management. Something is not right from managers and the board up to several players on the field. If you see the whole team struggling the problem is NOT on the field or team but internal
Werner!!!!
This video felt like a therapy for all of us. Pain is real. Meanwhile, Arsenal in a champion's position. Oooh what a pain 😭
What say on it if bohly owners wants lose money’s not sack potter but if bohly owners want to succeed for our Chelsea they need to sack potter he not the best
YOUNES Absolutely you're right we're in kuku land and dream land called kuku,  hhhhhhh.
Yes Younes, thanks for speaking exactly what I have been thinking ever since we appointed potter. The only way i will trust a process is if we have got a manager of the elite levels to manage Chelsea. potter isn't that guy and has shown no signs of his imprint on this squad.
Sell mount, Havertz, auba,etc. the whole team needs a major overhaul.
I've said this before and I'll come back to it. These are the repercussions of being blamed for a war we never started 😭
Potter out
Never in my life I've seen Chelsea this lethargic, uninterested, no attitude, no fight, NOTHING at all. Something needs to change right now. Otherwise we going to finish in the lower half of the table. Which is not our standard. It's unacceptable
Zidane 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Too many midfiders in the pitch  Gallagher mount joginho kovacic  Kai harvertz all midfiders Pass the around no goal trait
Your so right on everything credit to you
Boehly never wanted a manager with authority... he wanted a yes man..... we are fucked.. what process.  I see a poor manager making good players poor.
The only issue we had under Tuchel was people complaining we don't score enough goals.... but right now we don't even have  a style play, can't score and can't defend...
Arsenal's project hasn't been in play since 2003. It's been in progress for 3ish years since arteta took over. They haven't had to wait as long as you're implying in terms of the "project". Don't misrepresent stuff like that.
Please don't let any non CFC fans subscribe to your top channel 😭
I feel we are just being unfair to the players, this is almost the same team that won the CL some months ago. When we hired a manager that does not show fire on the sidelines WE ARE DONE unless... we want to rebuild for him, It's painful but l knew this phase is coming very soon when we hired this guy, when we loose these days all hope is lost because there is no way to push  the players back in the game.
Problem with your analysis Potter has a 5-year deal. The board spent 5 million to bring the whole of the backroom staff from Brighton. It would be an absolute fortune to sack him.
Clueless potter either needs a midfield revamp asap or we can just sack him n go with Luis Enrique who is available. He's a tactician and looks like our best option to take Chelsea forward imo.
Glad I didn't watching the match.Knew it was going to be a bashing.  I am not bothered anymore. The new owners knew why they bought Chelsea. Not for winning trophies. Just a business venture for whatever reason.
Younes I agree 100% with what you said but I think we have all forgotten that we sacked tuchel, brought potter in mid season expecting something to happen straight away with several first team players injured. The standard of performance is unacceptable for a club of our stature. But these players aren’t leaders, several are mid table tier and others like havertz, jorginho. But potter has had 3 months to try and implement a mentality and playstyle on a squad that we could see was slowly getting worse and already looked like they didn’t care at the start of the season
The new owners are  also part of the problem. They cannot assess quality. They cannot make quality decision, they cannot scout quality players, they do not have quality backend staff i.e. our Medical, finance, Scouts, Academy, Trainers, rehabilitators,  etc...They cannot do anything of quality  I think when Roman gets a chance he will buy the club back and if not I will do it myself  Because this cannot continue  I just beg that they can at least recognize the crises we are in right now and sack Graham, stop chasing lavish players and sell some poor performing lads...
“Give Potter Time, I only needed one Season at barca because I had Messi” Pep Guardiola
Bet it was still funny when Barcelona dropped to the Europe league ehhh😂😂??
As soon as I clicked and you went for potter and then we need winners and comes up with  pochettino lol 😆
Nice touch Younes with red light really shows you are fking pissed off😂😂😂 I am laughing because I cannot cry anymore
I said the same shit about Arsenal! They haven’t won anything! Why are we holding them as a standard?
I keep saying ds, Potter can’t take us nowhere. The players don’t even believe him .
I keep saying ds, Potter can’t take us nowhere. The players don’t even believe him .
Okay, get rid of Potter. Who comes in? There is no magic switch, one player, or one manager that is going to change the season around. At least keep Potter until the end of the season.
I soooooo sad 😢💔
Boehly was advised wrong!! Potter was a wrong choice. Some players deserved to go but the owners should have trusted Tuchel. Potter sets us back 3 years. Our history is at risk. We need a winner!!
A protest against Boehly and his Cohorts is long overdue, they are absolutely disgrace in decision making. How did we get here? Did I just wake from a trance. Absolutely disgusted with the appointment of Potter, no pedigree, you appoint a Brighton manager you should expect a Brighton result, one win in 10 matches!
Well said, mate 👏 .
I stopped watching after the first goal. I didnt see any effort or any tactic working, just passing passing passing and hoping something works out (like Forest goal). I didnt feel like watching a game after a long long time since Arsenal defeat back in 2018 under Conte. But we all know what happened after that with the 3 in the back. But this time I dont see anything happening in the future if things dont change
17:30 i mean arsenal fans were right tho
I said it from the beginning, Porter will take us to 15th before the league ends, he is not a coach with winning mentality
For the first time in a long time now, I've given up on the season. See you lads in September.
irrational
why not get tuchel back...anyway unless 80% of the team goes
MD and Manager not sufficiently  top football team experienced.
Graham potter or whatever is clueless and a fraud,,we are now used to losing week in week out,oh Thomas tuchel
You want Potter to go when he’s saddled with double figure injuries? #TuchelOut was formed because of  injuries .. and why are injuries affecting us so much? ..because we lack squad depth.. players that make the team tick are all injured.. we enjoyed 11 games unbeaten Potterball until the injuries set in.. until the squad is replenished and players come out of injury… we will continue to be in this same situation… TT went through this, only it’s gotten worse .. Potter came in for a long term project  with the young lads… our remaining squad right now is very disjointed… from the look of things it’s going to get much worse before it gets better.. with this massive injury list, any coach will suffer.. right now a creative DM and competent RB might turn things around for the short term.. we can blame Potter squarely if he has a fit squad yet not performing.. an ailing CFC against a fully fit Mancity?
They don’t deserve to wear the shirt
I agree with you Younes Chelsea being 10th is really unacceptable clubs like Bayern Munich and Real Madrid you  need to be minimum 2nd or 1st on the table not lower than that. Chelsea is a big club we need to be minimum 3rd or 4th and aiming for the title. 10th is disgraceful.
Bin mount Bin havertz Bin jorginho Bin loftus shit Bin aubameshit  Bin ziyech  Bin azpi Bin kepa  Bin Mendy  Bin pulisic  Bin Sterling
The First 5 minutes it was only the back line + Kepa playing. Midfield completely disconnected, not even trying to help the defence out
I'm enjoying these stressing Youness vids. Kinda makes me laugh knowing that I used to mourn about these players under Tuchel and whenever I came to this Channel, all I saw was praise for Tuchel.
Why did we sign Potter why??
These new owners doesn't realize how much of a big mistake that they have made by letting TT go 😳.
Chelsea needs to get Luis Enrique before is too late
Someone share this video with Todd Boehly! When you’re at the top sometimes you only see things from one angle! But the fans see all angles! Listen to the fans now Todd before it’s too late!
Hardly recognize this Chelsea team anymore I remember going to buy a Chelsea Shirt and having trouble deciding which to get now its better to go nameless I hope this dry spell end quickly
AGREE WITH YOU.
Even an average frank lanpard is still better than potter
Younes is accurate to the tea with everything he said, I fully agree💯
There's nothing Chelsea can do now. We are stuck in no man's land. Process will take a very long time.
Brighton got a super coach now. Potter was decent with them 5 years of contract with Chelsea and he is getting support because he is ‘never mind’  It’s hard to sack potter.
Poch and Zidane are the preferred options. I would be more bold and hire back TT. I know it is impossible but this would excellent.
They looked beaten in the tunnel before kick off. There is not an atom of confidence at this club at the moment and this has changed good players into bad players
People keep forgetting. Arteta joined Arsenal in December 2019, he won the FA Cup later that season beating Man City and Chelsea. He went on to win the FA Community Shield the next season over Liverpool the following season. While many people will not think that this matters, its shows a proof of work that he earned some time in bank showing that he could be a success with Arsenal if they trusted his process. Lampard lost that final against Arsenal, he could of even survived that season when he got sacked for Tuchel had he won that Cup, as its some physical. Sarri got the Juve job since he won the Europa League with Chelsea. Winning something, winning big games, shows the quality of the manager and the players. A winning mentality is created over time through winning. Potter thinks this is Brighton. I've been going through his "great" record with Brighton, last season he went 11 game without a win and that run in only included Arsenal, Man City and Liverpool, with Arsenal and Liverpool from the top 6. He then later went on a 6 game losing run including loses to Man Utd, Liverpool and Spurs. During that run, the fans turned on him, and he called them out. They were booing that thought he would do something, he didnt. I watched the goals that Brighton Scored from the entirety of last season, the majority are from crosses. The other are just sheer brilliance from players like Trossard and Mac Allister. Hardly any through balls or good play. We saw City, they got an exceptional goal from a freekick, and 2 pens. But the Foden goal is one from the training ground, from the manager. Its something Pep started doing from his first season. What is Chelsea's plan to score goals. He plays Gallagher as a wingback then brings on Azpi to play there. Hall is playing on the other side and we are trying to play in crosses to score goals - Pathetic. None of these players are good crossers. To show that the spineless head coach had given up, we did not press over the half way in the second half. Watch it back, there was no impetus to even try and create a press. Fofana and Hutchinson were just walking in their own half. The amount of times Azpi was afforded space on the right was laughable that he was brought on to play at all. Why not move Fofana into that space, allow him to try and make an impact.
Dear Todd, You have bought the worlds most successful football club for the last 20 years. We won 21 trophies in 19 years without having Klopp or Guardiola on our books. Sort this shit out. We don't need a process. We need a solution...P.S Don't sign people on long contracts, makes it difficult to fire them. This ain't baseball.
The red light district it is😀 I agree on everything you said today. Havertz and Mount got to go, together with Potter..
Am beginning to reason, it's bcoz potter his an British man that's wy people have not been calling for his sacking... In the first place potter should not be anywhere near Chelsea FC... How can you sack tuchel and hire potter
Yes, Potter looks weak, but we apparently have no one in the dressing room calling anyone out or trying to uphold a standard. The problem seems as much cultural than managerial.
it’s time for the fans to take over. time for a Chelsea revolution
Ancellotti just had to raise his eye brow and players knew lmao
Younes i feel your pain bro i need to take a break from watching my beloved football club 😢.
Chelsea an the players so full of fucc on fifa i just sim a game while cutting up n rolling my chronic and they lose 1 nill to nott'm forest a damn shame not even on system they can win
Boehly out?
Potter only needs ONE point from our next three games to equal his run with Brighton last season of 7 points from 33. And Boehly hires him to build Chelsea?
Chelsea is just a BTEC Brighton
Why are you not mentioning Ziyech. Call him out. Ziyech is a mess. Younes call him out too.
The manager is not the problem alone. Potter lacks the authority and charisma of a winning manager because he hasn’t won’t anything as yet. Not to say there isn’t potential for him to win. Anyone else feel like listening to the song American Idiot by Green Day ? Today is a good day to play that song. Mr. 4-4-3 and Mr. alignment of visions don’t really have a vision or a clue. Taking apart a dysfunctional yet winning structure at the club and replacing it with themselves…. Themselves who know nothing about what it’s like to actually play the sport. To them it’s just another brand that they own. Firing Tuchel was like buying a house and then setting fire to it immediately after that. Look at the transfer strategy. Consider this …. Is every other football club in the world and their board living under a rock to not offer their players 7.5 year contracts at huge wages ? Reece James can earn 200+ k a week for the next 6 years even if he’s not fit to play another game. It’s absolutely insane ! Mount, Havertz , Pulisic, Ziyech, can all be stars and have shown it in the past. All of them look bang average right now. It’s the morale ! It has to be. The truth is that the owners are the problem and nothing else . They know nothing and will dismantle everything we know about Chelsea at least for the next few years. So disappointed right now.😢
I really appreciate your honesty younes I was waiting for this so much ,but I know you have the privilege to help us get this to the board this Graham potter is so clueless I dont understand why people keep saying give him time Eddie howe took less than a month to get Newcastle going now they are in a the top four and can get better with new recruit coming in next summer what the hell is wrong with Chelsea
Has to be a leader with balls.... For me,  the only available option is Zidane.  The sooner, the better.
You know when just 1,2, 3, 4 even 5 players are bad then you can say well they should not start maybe they need more time maybe they can't with this level oh it's the injury maybe and maybe but when all the team can't !!! they seems lost they look bad even the ones who with their national team did so good in a world cup but can't get the same spirit or the ones who in the first of this season did great but now they lost it well it's clear no coaching nothing really this players where playing without a coach it's a management problem for real im shocked what kind of coaching is this what process you're talking about guys this is simple and real even with the best players in the world it will be the same no spirit no team no team they don't play like a team i see nothing he played 3 days ago city how can he be that bad after just 3 day shame i don't blame the players i know how talented they are and what they can do they can't be that bad no so sorry but get a leader chelsea need a coach they need a whole new management team even the big boss everything is wrong and the first people that feel this are the players so mentaly it's over for them i don't blame them totaly ok with you man
Go for victor oshime
Least you can't lose a fourth FA Cup final in a row, you got the worst possible draw when it happened, Potter needs time but I didn't expect that performance tho.
What a bad time to be Chelsea fan's 😜😂🤣
it is sad and painful, we have mid tables players earning huge amounts of money with no commitment, not near Chelsea level, we have failed to renew this team for many years. we have bought expensive players for the past 3 years from a poor recruitment policy, every one from the past 4 years that came in has not delivered: TIMO, HARVERT, ZIYECH, LUKAKU, KULIBALY, AUBA and etc. it is painful. just look at Man City and the change they have made, clearing its team at the right time, not waiting for the wood to be so dead and dry with no resell value.  some of these players we have to sell them now and get a bit of money. I am not sure what to say about Potter, he is not making his case easy by changing the team every time , we don't see any vision and where we are going. Maybe he is not the caliber of coach we need, he has not won anything yet, he does not know or does not have the experience and pressure of being consistent and winning, he does not have the charisma, and he is a mid-table coach.
Some of us that can perceive the future when things are not going to work ,have been saying all these from day 1.  What exactly are pulisic ziyech Gallagher Azpi jorginho Silva Kai Rlc still doing in this club?  Did I not tell you, don't sign Sterling, Koulibally, Cucurella fofana*?  Didn't I spend each day saying, don't bring Potter here, this club is bigger than him?   Should I start all over again? I don't get that strength.  We speak, those who have ears should listen.
Lol smh you are already throwing out other manager names 🤣
I love u Younes but u sound like a fickle fan just like the majority of our fanbase right now. U clearly don’t know what a process is and in ur own words “ u have to fail in order to come out the other side and get better” well this ain’t nothing. Your asking potter to build a car engine with bicycle parts. The players Individually are good but just don’t fit together. Every manager has failed with this squad apart from that champions league win. Apart from that everyone has failed. Don’t be fickle cuz u sound like lee gunner and Turkish shitting on arteta and they are eating their own words now. If we go with what u said we will be in the same constant cycle of firing managers cuz u r not about a process, ur only about results from what it sounds like. These players have given up on every manager they have had and the manager always gets the sack. If the owners give potter time, u will be eating ur own words apologizing just like Turkish with arteta
Even though you man slaughtered us for years for being a banter club, it ain’t nice to see you go through this. Said no one ever, I’m injecting your tears you pagans, no amount of money alone can save you, real footballing scholars are gonna need to be hired to successfully bring you back to where Roman put you when you COULD just buy everything. lol  Younes you a good guy tho, big up 😂
The boys gave everything
Mason Mount is shit ......
We want Thomas Tuchel to come back to Chelsea
Everything is wrong. Wrong players. Wrong manager. Wrong owners.
T T used the same players Lampard struggled to produce results with.  Porter can not help Chelsea especially in this Crisis.
No player is gonna come to Chelsea seeing this mess . I wonder people talking about Enzo or Thuram ...etc.
Maybe it's a plot to bring Potter down and it's working
Patience is key, and sacrifices of games like these is necessary for us to succeed.
This will be the 6th season since we won the PL.  Think about that.
THERE IS NO PROCESS TO TRUST  It seems that Potter has the time and he has the full confidence of the owner, but this is not the case, so much evidence that Potter's work is in danger, - Like risking playing Silva all the time while we all know he can't play every three days, - Such as rushing back at Reece when we all know he's not ready yet. - In this match, he started trusting the kids, showing that he had already lost the dressing room, even though no one showed interest in playing.  we've seen this scenario so many times and we know exactly what happens after that. I think now Potter's under a lot of pressure and if he lost the dressing room, it's over, not even Bohley can do anything about it.
Timo Werner  23 goals 20 assists in two seasons  😮😮
I still have hope 😔🙏
I'm lost for word! I feel we love this club more than these people do. When does it become ok for Chelsea to be this stagnant. Potter, nor these owners, don't know what they are doing. Why didn't they buy Brighton
Red 😂😂😂 ...is a very emotionally intense color.
Yall need to relax....
Am just here to read the comments, am speechless.
He’s only been there five minutes! Most of that team need replacing so give him time.
You just spoke my mind dear
Chelsea's Recruitment is no good .. have you seen Number of Shots on Target ?  .. Reason: Poor Mid field  ( NOT Striker )  .. they do not create chances for Striker
a sunday league team show more dog than us 😢
Please say nononono often 😂
Younes I cannot blame all the players. Most of our current players won us a CL.
If we hired Poch, this team would look a whole lot better.
Guys, what do you think who will be the right man to take us forward if Potter was sacked
Will Coach Potter be fired? I wish you would answer me
Sack him before its too late!!!
Zidane isnt the coach to build. He is a cup manager, he inherited a superstar team. He never built it and we beat his Real team pretty confidently in 2021 ucl semi final
this is nothing New…. History Keeps repeating itself…  We let our best managers go… We let our best players go… We don’t buy the best players…we worry about the price tag of the best… We’ve been run like shite not like a proper Business…  So what do we expect???   Fans talk about it was this way or that way under Terry and Lampard and Drogba etc etc I don’t know which chelsea you lot have been looking at…but even back then these issues existed…don’t fool yourselves….  But its the same old with the Fans as well…fire and hire, we say we want to change how we operate but in reality we don’t…we PREFER the short term success model…because that’s what we are accustomed too…  Say what you want, try to cover it up as much as you want…but that is the way it is…we PREFER the short term success model…
15:04 but how many times have we seen players at Chelsea down tools?! At some point something’s got to give with this bunch.
What has the English government done and what has Tod Boely done. Chelsea is ruined
Fulham 4 - 0 Chelsea. You heard it here first. Ciao
Who is that. At this rate we shud bring back Jose.
Younes, I don't know where I'm at - I don't know what to do. I watched the game, and I fought to keep watching. I'm genuinely concerned we are going to be playing championship football next season.   But, do you know? I direct my upset at Todd, I'm sorry, but I do. He might be spending money, sure, but I don't feel as though he has the clubs best interests at heart I really don't. I wish the club was never sold to him.
Just another emotional rant with no logic in the arguments or statements of fact.    I respect your it's your opinion, so I'll unsubscribe for now and will be back after chelsea starts winning again.
All thanks to British they have succeeded in ruining my darling club .dere is nothing good about england manager or players just an overhype bunches of Maguire
Potter needs more time. It took SAF first two or three seasons to sort MU out.
Youness, the problem is that the Senior players who are suppose to protect the youngsters had shocking performances themselves. Koulibaly has been shocking for a 31 year old lad.
Imagine being a young player at a massive club like Chelsea, watching Jorginho play…. Captain aswell? What a joke. Love Azpi but he’s FINISHED. The way he was moving you would’ve thought he started the game
If it's bad for Chelsea at the moment spare a thought for Everton. With a new stadium being built on a prime spot by the river, a dysfunctional management and board and clattering their way towards possible relegation. Thanks to a brother-in-law I used to watch all the Everton v Chelsea matches at Goodison, albeit from among the Everton fans. When Everton scored I would remain seated and once a large Scouser behind hauled me up as he shouted: "On you feet, la'.
All you who wanted Tuchel gone, you happy now?.... Getting rid of Tuchel was a stupid decision
The biggest problem in Chelsea team is mount, he need to go along with the manager,
Emma hayes in
I agree with you my guy Potter doesn’t know what he is doing what stops him from playing the same team we used against city for the league which to a great extent it worked with Zakaria n Kovacic in the midfield…today he decided to go Jorginho who doesn’t know what he is playing….Mount, Caesar, Havertz, Sterling, Ziyech, Jorginho, even Pulisic should all leave pls…plus the coach, Potter he has to go….otherwise we re in danger of been relegated if we don’t take time…u can only trust a process when when u see glimpses of progress, but when you don’t see anything in terms of passion, energy, commitment, physicality and hunger and on top of all no one is leading the team….then nothing like process at all….the owners and the coach need to wake up
POTTER IN. GIVE THE MAN TIME TO BUILD HIS OWN TEAM. NO MANAGER IN THE WORLD CAN WITH SO MANY INJURIES AND THAT ATROCIOUS MIDFIELD. POTTER IN
I was never a fan of Potter but Chelsea have a tuff decision to make because if they let Potter go they have to pay him something like 60 million. Also who do they get as a replacement? Who would want to come in and take on this mess? I know I wouldn't if I were a decent manager. Smh
It's ironic that Thomas Tuckel.had to leave England today  as his work permit expired.......
Younes actually said we'll loose the 2 game. But he's fuming because dis just wasn't an ordinary loss
POTTER OUT!
There is only one reason now why all this is happening without being paranoid, it stupid to compare this to 2016/17 season as now it is diabolical. Tuchel had positive dreams but new owners realised they couldnt reign him in, during dealing with his replacement being Potter they convinced him they want to destroy Chelsea. What has happened to the money Bolley and Co. paid for Chelsea as it seems to have disappeared. This is all about Bolley wrecking Chelsea under the instruction of governments, as Chelsea was once Russian owned!
Still can't believe that Mount wants 300k a week!!!!! This team needs a complete clean up!!!!
We need to recall tuchel
We used to be the team “nobody wanted to play against”. That performance was heartbreaking.
Premeditated rant 😂
What a great diatribe. Younis, you are so so right.
Potter has Zero charisma/ Authority. I used to look forward to TT press conference week in week out but this potter makes press conferences so not worth it!!!!!!  I get the process of rebuilding but potter is building nothing since he still plays the same bums week in week out.
Yes he looks clueless and doesn't show any emotions . I think he's becoming even worse. I wanted to convince myself it's gonna be better but not anymore . He's not the one for Chelsea
Letting TT go was our biggest mistake in the last 20 years. I cannot believe we have let this happen to our club. I don't believe Potter is the right man for the job.
Bro looked exactly like me in the intro… depressed because of this chelsea team
Chelsea hasn’t been able to score since Sari. Changing the Manager only means 2 games of players trying and then back to struggling to score again. How long before the next manager gets sacked. When most goals come from defenders must tell you about the rest of the team.
your tears are sweet coffee 🤣🤣🤣
A moment of appreciation for the heart and fight Timo had for our badge. This guy really struggled but we loved him because he did everything. 16+ disallowed goals and a million attempts of the post. Awful luck ruined all his promise.
Get Unai Emery in effective immediately! ...He's probably at this point the feasible and realistic option both for the short and the "so-called " long-term project. I don't buy the so-called buzzword long-term project. Football is a competitive sport and it's about winning now. Football is not the same investing in stock /shares where you invest for long-term. Roman understood the assignment. Boehly and Co obviously do not. Roman Era was successful (chelsea won 20 trophies) because he brought in manager/coaches who can win now and not about imaginary long term project
Potter only came to destroy Chelsea. The man has to be investigated. I smell a conspiracy. The earlier we send him packing, the better. This man will take Chelsea to the championship without a blink. Clueless is not strong enough to describe him. One chance. Save Chelsea ooooop
I Will say what I  said to other channels , Potter is not good enough for Chelsea, take it or leave it.
Bro, I had to watch highlights of Cesc and P. H. D just to comfort myself before the game was over! This team can only be compared to an earthworm no character, no voice and no Spine!
Giraffe Touch Passback Havertz, Slowjinho , Overrun The Ball Kovacic. Even the best striker would fail in this team , no service
MM is being played in the wrong position all the tine
AND THAT'S WHY I LIKE YOU YOUNES. WE THINK ALIKE. ZIDANE AND NOBODY ELSE WOULD BE THE RIGHT GUY FOR THE JOB
that's why there   are free transfers  wait
I'm not even a Chelsea fan and I come here anytime Chelsea loses just to listen to Younes's reaction.
If the coach/ owner is not ruthless towards these mid table players like they were ruthless with Tuchel, this team will burn to the ground. It's still surprising to me how Harvetz, Jorginho, Kepa and Koulibaly still start a game at this club.
Younes I fully agree with you, 100%
Lmao Younes finally calling out the players he was protecting. So, you finally admit the players are a problem? You always said it's just potter. Get rid of those bums and potter should be sacked. Zidane or Enrique in.
I don’t support potter out because no coach can fix this overnight…we kept saying mount belongs on villa
Your a hero for us fans. For your truth !!!!!
I'm speechless. Potter, is confuse, the job is bigger than potter. Todd boehly earlier is better otherwise Chelsea will be up for relegation 🤞😭
Who trusts a process that is non existence who does that ? Let potter start a process then we would trust it until then I am Potter out
What disappointing is that we know what some of our players are capable of bit for some reason they aren't delivering .
Let potter help Southend or Chemsford. Where he belongs.
THOMAS TUCHEL is available get the man his job back for god sake.
You are the best
I don’t see any passion in potter. Look at Conte, Guardiola & Arteta etc, they all show passion and emotion. Tuchel too. But potter ???
Disgraceful performaces, these players are fckin disgrace
WELL SAID YOUNES we need to sell  KH29 , MM19, RS17, PA9,CP10,HZ22, J5, CA28 ,EM16 ,CG23 ,RLC12 ,MC32 AND SACK POTTER  watch the players PEP & JURGEN KLOPP dropped and sell when they arrived .thats what top gaffers do
Havertz winning champion league made him think hes a champion
Bring Tuchel back. Chelsea is too big for potter to manage. Potter needs to go and Tuchel should be brought back. Until then I will stop watching Chelsea for my mental health
Brighton was the worst
No passion . From Graham and the back room staff or team . Same squad that won the champions league and they have fallen apart .
If Chelsea lose to Fulham in the next game it's over for Potter.
T T should find a gd player to replace Ngolo he knew without Ngolo the system was not working like 65% .  Then he lost james then chilli and everything became chaos. TT was a good manager
Today's match was painful to watch
This team isn't rubbish.. this team is weak. PROPER chumps. It's been the culture at Chelsea for a while now. The squads talk like alphas but play like betas. And soon as you rattle them you beat them. Of course tactics and player talent are 90% the battle but 10% is the will and hunger to fight. I think that's the biggest vulnerability that has been exposed by opposition. That's why TT didn't work for Chelsea.. and that's why we continue to struggle. We brought in a "feelings" guy to coach up a "feelings" team. You may get the squad to be happy.. but they'll be happily in the relegation fight if it continues as is. Hard to be hopeful but it's time to press the big red button and blow this thing up.
I don't understand how someone can blame mason for this. The kid won player of the season back to back, has an assist in a champions league final, has scored crucial free kicks and long range belters for chelsea- and you want to sell him? Hazard had a shite season in 15/16 after three unbelievable seasons, just like mason, would you sell him? No. Players that deserve to go in this squad r the likes of kai havertz, hakim ziyech, Christian pulisic, aubameyang, players who don't fight for the badge. But a genuine world class talent like mason mount who would fucking die for this club gets all the hate- that is betrayal of the highest order
Mount is the biggest hype and I've said it for years, you guys are only starting to realise
I'll be seriously shocked if we don't go to relegation this season.  And Younes, stop hitting on cucurella after today. Hall didn't do anything xtra against mahrez that cucurella couldn't do. I told you cucurella isn't bad. The team as a group has become poor. And the coach has no clue what to do now. Zakaria did great in previous game and u bench him and start j5 to continue his back passes again and when you talk about Potter been clueless some people don't get it.
That performance was very very BAD!!.... Something has to be done very quickly, and we have to start with the Manger. There is absolutely NO process to trust.
The one thing everyone always complemented Mount for was to be able to take on tactical instruction and do what the manager wants. That was like his strength that everyone talked about. Maybe he just isn't getting good instructions, he just doesn't know what to do.
It’s the rebuild …Most of our players now don’t want to play for Potter so we just have to go through this with the team until the summer or if we get enough personnel in this window ….koulibaly not good enough with the youth he can’t teach them ….Kova Jorgi time up …auba sterling and the other players brought in by tuchel aren’t making any difference so if tuchel was here or not it’s the same sh!t…. The team was also playing this bad while tuchel was around hence y he was sacked.
So how many games did Thomas Tuchel lost before he was sack? How many games have Graham Potter lost thus far? Rebuilding means showing effort even when we loose but the fact that effort and passion was seeing during the game i can accept that but at this point all am seeing from Chelsea is RUBBISH!!!!! because Rudiger only needed a  raise in salary which he deserved and Chelsea refuse yet they can spend over $100 mill on our defense system  which in my view is full of crap.
Chelsea are in a totally mess at the moment.
Younes, absolutely spot on, porter is a good coach but not at Chelsea’s level. He’s absolutely clueless and there’s no blueprint
Younes turn the background Red 😯😯😯😯😯😯😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲 Potter is in BIG TROUBLE!!!!!
Even if TT was still our Coach I would of still have a little confidence we could beat Man City but with Potter is our Coach I have NO confidence in him what soever.
if we're not careful we're in a relegation battle 😢
Havertz is a cancer to this team, prove me wrong.
We’ll said yunes
TRUE BLUES FANS ARE CAREFREE!!!
Losing without competing or putting up a fight is the worse display ever.
Ziyech was our best player today but the man is at the wrong club. He doesn't fit in this system. I swear he needs to change club ASAP for his own good.
It's pretty normal for someone(a coach) with some sense to start a player in the next game after exceptional perfomace. Then you look at Zakaria and Carney in the bench and wonder whats really going with this club? Its so FRUSTRATING! and SAD! why was zakaria benched? why?!
An average manager trying to coach a big club what a meme lol if Porter is not sacked we are relegating!
The fans who say give Potter time are living in coocoo land  between Potter and boehly are going to put chelsea in championship Potter and boehly are out of their depth  sacking  tuckel was the worst mistake chelsea made in years and I blame the American clown boehly
Can we just get a fully bought squad and no academy players? People would actually see the quality of players we have then (even though there will be the stans that exist). But the management isn’t helping at all.
I thought we were giving him time? What happened to all that…
Tonight's game was madness. Never in my years of supporting Chelsea have I seen a more disgraceful performance. Completely void of fight, desire, motivation, and much more. The line needs to be drawn somewhere. I hope the owners take notice and actually do something.
My eyes are burning…..this red light is affecting my eyes…..shouldn’t  have used the red light but I get why u did it but I can’t watch the vid cuz of the light
Potter has lost the dressing room weeks ago.
Bros got the red light on 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
The fans at the Etihad were calling for it, I'm calling for it, bring back Tuchel, I cried when we let him go, I'd say don't sell mount, Loan him to someone like Muich or Barca and see how he dose, bring back Huddson-Oddi and Colwil and Ampadu, sell Havertz and Jorgi and look to Santos, D.D. Fofona and W. Fofofna and wait for Nkuku in the summer, we will not be in the UCL unless we win it, get ready for a Thursay Night Lads
To Boehly, It’s ok to make a mistake. Just put your hands and say my bad. Sack him immediately!!
Todd Balony ain't got a clue. He is a wall street psychopath anyway. I blame the British government robbing Abramovich and their 'tough on Putin' virtue signal which did nothing but cover for their money printing scams. Politics and sport don't mix, but in this case, it's politics to blame for our change in fortunes for the worse.
I said this from day one... That the player's wouldn't respect Potter because he's yet to win anything... He lacks the winning mentality that makes our beloved Chelsea
Anyone for Luis Enrique
Rebuild the team is an option we should do eventually
Potter football, karma chelsea BETRAY TUCHEL MORINHO CONTE Chelsea club FAN 100 year trophyless TRAITOR owner & fan STUPID FAN curse no trophy chelsea 300 year
😭😭😭😭
Oh dear Younes can't agree with you on Mason! I've been subscribed here for years and that's it... Sell Mount, oh dear  there are so many other players with much more experience that need to go first, who should know better. I take it  you will not be going to Cobham again to get an autograph and put out a video on here to gush about it?   You used to be a proper Supporter in the beginning back in the day as a student in the Mourinho days on 100% Chelsea with Louis and the others. Now it's all about the algorithm and clicks, it's a real shame 😔  can't take you seriously anymore, nothing personal, just my opinion.
Thanks
Obviously Potter is way over his head and doesn’t have the experience or charisma to lead a legacy elite as Chelsea….. BUT my biggest concern since Roman was forced to sell is TB and other owners….  At least with Roman and his front office executives you knew there would be stability but I think all fans sense none of that now.   I think TB will only fire Potter if it is dire for Chelsea ( it already is) but relegation concern.  It’s going to be a tough time and no bright spot at the moment.
Mr. Potter should go!!!!
#NKUNKU Wish He Could Rip Up That Contract 😢  CHANGE THE ENTIRE SQUAD😂🇯🇲💙 #CHELSEAFANS #DESERVEBETTER💙🇯🇲💙
Agree with Cjay since day one, Getting rid of Tuchel was the beginning of all the mistakes, Without James and chilwell we are brighton. We are buying players like we are Brighton (Average players) Im sorry but Havertz, Mount, Jorgi, Kov should be shown the bench
I’LL SAY IT AGAIN! LUIS ENRIQUE is free
Many big teams have fallen and started over to rise again. Arsenal was the first team, everyone laughed now they are performing, Liverpool, Man United. Why not Chelsea too?????
Lampard should came back and try to start the new project. Or Mourinho
Sack Potter, get JT to manage the team till the end of the season.  Bring in Poch in the summer and give him the funds and freedom to build a challenging team
J5 gotta go.
Potter must go he is not good enough for Chelsea please
Where are you tt
Im sorry but the owners are not the problem. We have many problems, but an owner who is willing to drop 200 million like its fucking nothing while he learns how to operate the transfer market is the last of our problems. The root problem is the manager. As predicted potter does not have the stomach to manage a big dressing room, he can't handle the big egos, and as such the players arent playing for him. The answer- Luis Enrique. He knows how to use an academy, he's managed the big games and the big players, and will bring the football that potter is trying to create but at a much better level. Get him now
Nobody plays for the badge anymore. Look at 70s Chelsea.
YOUNES GOD BLESS U! Finally, someone that thinks objectively. I want to super subscribe🤝🏾
I don't get it with these tuchel in people.. under tuchel we barely scrap 4th place in his both seasons.. & we had a poor start to this season. He wasn't doing good either.
Its high time Chelsea fans worldwide stood against this nonsense ...we must not watch this potter guy tarnish the legacy of our beloved team ..He potter is bellow the successful team manager belt ... This rubbish must stop ..like look at his demeanor at the bench ..so relaxed and unconcerned.. .
TT come back
It ain’t even up to 20 games and y’all want Potter to be sacked cos you’re frustrated…come on man. I know it sounds crazy to some of y’all but Let’s give him some more time for the players to adapt to the system
Well said Youness ! I totally agree! All the players, without exception, are out of shape and no game strategy. It can't be the players responsibility. They can't all be bad, awfull including the younger ones.  The medical staff and the manager have a lot to do with the situation the club is in. Zidane is available to resurrect this team.
Just have watched the Tuchel TikTok with Keane - Somewhere Only We Know song. Made me cry  to watch that, seeing how passionated Tuchel was and how much he loves the club (players, staff, fans) and made the fans more than just happy.
Potter: ,,I want to build a team that everybody wants to play against."
Graham Potter  has to go
As a Chelsea fan i don't blame Potter, i blame the owners for buying players for tuchel then sacking him a few days later. Then hiring potter who is clearly out of depth. Newcastle who spent less then Chelsea are in 3rd with a better goal against and goals for then Chelsea.
Potter does not have a clue what to do
It's a disgrace right now and yet some blind Chelsea fans won't see it It's gonna be a heap of Shame when he takes us to Relegation zone. Then the blind we finally see. POTTER resign Chelsea is bigger than you and your Brighton we've had enough of humiliation. This is UEFA Champions you keep messing up with just go buddy.
I don’t think we as Chelsea fans are patient enough. It’s not like Arteta came in with immediate success so I don’t know why we want that
You NOW things it's time for him to go he should of be gone already for my part.
im in the same boat as you. Although Bohley making Potters salary 12 mil on a 5 year deal really complicates things. Unless we can afford burning more money, we might have no choice but to deal. The lack of urgency is the most concerning part. This is not the club we grew up on. This is insane
Sad to watch
Player downtool .. however i feel like chelsea fans have created a culture where we accept that players can just downtool because tehy wont be fires and we will just change coach and i believe we are in this cycle .. no by all means sack potter because he looks lost however i will tell you guys this i loved tuchel and one thing i never questioned was his tactical nous ... but these players  had sections of the fanbase turning against him and now the are doing it to potter and i guarantee you if another manager comes in with these same players we will be in this position questioning manager once again .. the players are not good enough..
Believe it or not, this is exactly how Arsenal fans were talking about Mikel Arteta in his first 2 seasons. I can see the Chelsea hierarchy letting Potter learn on the job like Arteta did. Even if that means we get 8th for two seasons in a row, they're betting that third or fourth season will be when we challenge for a title.
Why yuh screen red Younes are you than VEX it given off a red effect.
I loved Tommy Tuchel best manager Chelsea have had ! He got Chelsea and got us through the hardest times! Can’t believe they sacked him for us to watch this garbage! Potter is dreadful there’s actually no progressing or style of play!! We literally passed the ball in our corner flag for most of the game!
Potter out out out out ca suffit
Potter needs gone. Take Havertz Kepa KK cucarella with you. Mount and sterling and Auba
This is the worst I’ve seen Chelsea in my life time. I started watching Chelsea in 2000, even our 2015-16 season when we finished 10th was better than this. We need change but do I trust this board… I don’t know. The least I can say is potter really need to have a reality check cause it now or never. Show us change or he needs to be the change. These players are better than this but no have no direction at all. Anyways let’s see what happens COYB
U english chelsea supporters are being too patient with Potter....he should just go
I feel Mount is getting way to big for his head ever since he won the Champions league. His performances haven't been the same and yet he's demanding high wages. I can see his career turning down the same path as Dele Ali he was the new thing and every one was hyping him up and look where he is now no club wants him.
True,Potter doesn't have authority over this team.He is emotionless on the touchline. He cant be mr nice guy all the time.He needs to scream,to be animated during play..show some emotions
Do you still want to keep on defending Fotter Jorginho Koulibaly Abumiyang Sterling rcl Fotter... it's not getting better, they're getting worse and worse in this process, Chelsea isn't another team, they haven't won a league title in a long time..
Mr younes your write bro
things you can garentee  in life water is wet spurs win fuck all and chelsea sack a manager
Fans at the stadium should start booing this team and ask for Potter's sacking!!!!! Those owners are brigging a Glazer's element. Fans should also make noise asking for them to sale before it all goes tits up
Your mrs’ electric candles coming in handy huh bro? 😂
I don’t know if zidane is the right answer I don’t think he is that good manager yeah he won three times champions league but he has prime ronaldo benzema modrich marcelo he had the best team in Europe so how wouldn’t he win the thing is with zidane is that he demands respect and if not you are out and that what the players need
We are a laughing stock the board needs to say that they have made a mistake over potter and get this great club going again
I believed in Potter
Youness is probs the only credible YouTuber at this point, who is impartial and very objective with his opinions. The others are just partisans of the flavour the moment with zero critical thinking or logic. He has the same winning mentality that we all owe to have in life in general, let alone supporting a club like Chelsea. Ppl these days are just plainly sentimentalists and think football is like their PS5 games or academy player this or that without being realistic. Sacking Tuchel to appoint a yes man in Potter with zero credentials to his name besides some type football played by Brighton has to be the dumbest decision ever made in this club's history. I can only blame Boris and his inept mafia for this debacle. They deliberately weakened and destroyed Chelsea for reasons unrelated to sport and utterly unsubstantiated, forcing a sale to their clueless American counterpart with vested interest!!!
How long are Chelsea going to keep players like Jorginho RCL Koulibaly Abumiyang Sterling minimally contributing to a creative club team... is it until Chelsea enter the league?2
We need Zizou!!!!
Mount is one of those players that needs go. About time people realise how mediocre he really is
Disaster. What a selection! Something must change. Why didn’t Potter maintain Kovacic, Zakaria and Chukwuemeka combination that worked very well last time? Mount and Jorginho could have come in as substitutes. And why did he start Ziyech? It is very obvious that Potter selects his team not to win, but to make the players happy. This is not good for Chelsea. Chelsea is a winning club. He needs to be ruthless.
Chelsea got a mid table manager there by making Chelsea a mid table team if not lower.
At long last, decent comment. Pity you dropped 2 names because the complete squad were a shambles.
~ Carabao Cup first Round Eliminated ~ FA cup first Round Eliminated ~ Champions League Football Next Season 5% assurance ~ No Trophy 🏆 this season  Let's forget about this season already.  I've stopped watching our match before the world cup started.
Zidane is the obvious choice, but there is another one we could think abut, not as the solution but as a short-term solution to get the weak minded and toxic players out the door, and that is Mourinho, now that Roman is gone he would go back, and there is none better than him to get the weak ones out and to give the rest the right mentality (he has done it once for us). But still Zidane is the obvious first choice.
We gotta get Zidane in!! He will definitely get respect from these players
I said to my lad it would be a pasting, even by my most negative predictions I could not imagine this. This negativity started under TT, going into matches thinking we going to lose. When Alonso and rudiger tried to cost us games between them.
Inner dog but shows up as a pussycat. Get Zidane or Enrique in and give them time, not Potter. Potter should be a Pilates coach thats about it
Your project manager analogy for potter would make sense if we haven’t already gone through 4 managers where the same situation manifested time TIME AFTER TIME. This is with the SAME GROUP OF PLAYERS. We have problems but these players are just shit
👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿 finally a Chelsea YouTuber with some nuts well done for telling it how it is Potter out remain consistent sir 👊🏿
Potter needs time we will just make the same mistake if we sack potter
I said it from the onset that; Chelsea porter ship is gonna sink! Gp has nothing to offer to Chelsea!
I think younis and nini are taking digs at each other
I can't see a process....so trust what?
Potter go to hell
exactly younes, Man city built their project around Pep, WORLD CLASS MANAGER. We are building around Potter...
Younes, it's better if you have this energy on your owner.   Potter doesn't even have one transfer window under his belt at a club like Chelsea.  Has such a thin squad and now having poor results.  Rather than asking for his head, better question the timing of his appointment.
Never thought I'd say this but why can't Jose rock up at the bridge again. He'll steady the ship.
Can't wait for Chelsea to lose the next game, 😊😊 speeds up the process of potters departure😁😁.
Potter has to go
Can't believe that we gave this man a 5 year contract and we have to pay him all the 5 years wages if we want to sack him 🤦‍♂️
Younes thank you.  This is great content  U r so real This is real Finally the truth I see Potter was a mistake  We Blues must just get the balls and admit it Boehly must just get the balls to admit he has made a mistake   The guy doesn’t see this as abnormal cos he has been in this situation before. If u haven’t been somewhere before u quickly leave
Graham potter appointment reminds of David Moyes at Man united in 2013
Don't expect better results under this Manager. The Manager is clueless. He knows the owners can't sack him now because of huge severance fees to be paid. The majority of Chelsea players are average players. Koulibally, Challobah, Jorginho, Loftus Cheeks, Havert, and Mount, are all average players.
Chelsea problems has been surfacing since under Tuchel. Credit to Tuchel for winning trophies with a lot of these mid table players. Potter unlike Tuchel don't have the pedigree to make these average players perform. Besides Kante, Reece James and Silva, none of these players cannot make Man City and Real Madrid starting eleven.
The only thing we have against Manchester city is haaland haven’t scored us
If you can't laugh,u cry .. absolutely disgrace, this team is shambles 👎
I was at the match and the fans were fed up
Fans need to start a protest
Bring whoever you want and everyone will fail, we have shit loads of injuries, no pre season for Potter and a shit load of idiot players. I will back Potter.
Kai Havertz Mason Mount Azpilicueta Gallagher Ziyech Jorginho Pulisic Aubameyang (Remind me of more) respectfully leave my club
As a chelsea fan i hope we sack potter and get some manager to build for the future maybe potch
Younes, I share your point and agree with everything you are seying however, this bunch of players sacked many managers. This must stop at some point. Physically, we are looking very bad. Injures are happening because players are leazy and weak. This is not Potters fault. I would keep Potter and terminate a few players contracts tomorrow morning. Bohley and group can afford it. Players power must stop. Tonights game proved that young lot are picking up bad habits and playing against manager already. As they say: all or nothing. This is the time to fix it.
Straight facts younes
Bring Jose back
Thank you bro for calling it what is…
Should have hired Ronaldo
Graham Potter or whatever your names is,the sack letter on on your table came with pay off. Pls get your bags ready. They want the formal manage back. Can't you see,they don't want to play for you.
The first half was abysmal  the second half was slightly better but not much potter stands like he's lost we keep like this we will end up relegated
Thank you for telling the truth, hope others could do the same. Love you content, keep it up ❤️
Respect to you Yuones for calling it out as it is, im seeing to many of these channels dodging the subject of Potter and deflecting the issue left, right and center. "He needs to bring in his own players", "We have an injury crisis" - granted i cant accept the fact that our current injury crisis plays its part, and i am just wondering if the coaching staff are overloading the players on the training pitch because they are used to Brightons schedule with vastly less games than what Chelsea needs to play during a season. Still since October we are bottom of the league in terms of point gained in the league, literally in 20th position.  Bring in his own players? - At this rate what kind of players are we even going to be able to attract, do these people honestly think the best talents and players out there right now are looking at Chelsea as an exciting prospect to be joining? I highly doubt that.  No. Hiring Potter was a massive gamble, and it has backfired into catastrophe and that is the boards responsibility and so its on them to fix it. My fear however is that Boehly will "die on his shield" for Potter so to speak, as to not loose face for letting one of the best managers on planet go.  Shambles.
I’m a BIG fan of Mason Mount… but I have to agree with everything said in this video.. it’s not mates rates, it’s Chelsea Football Club!   I did say for the longest time, Potter’s first interview and THAT horrible media clip when he arrived at Cobham, behaving like a kid in a sweet shop, told me everything I needed to know
"We have the same problems because we have the same players "
Sell the club
Kantes work rate papered over alot of the cracks we have had for YEARS!!  Like Hazard before him he carried this team and allowed freedom because he worked and worked and made everyone else around him look great!!!   We are finally being exposed for our over reliance on him.   We've been in the dog house for a long long time. We can talk about Potter out. And we can spend spend spend but it's feeling like an absentee parent throwing money at a child when all they really need is their presence.
Potter Chelsea's ole.
I lost my voice shouting out to Potter please take Mount and Harvetz out in first half. They both should not have even travelled.😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
Get Potter out and TT back
Firing the manager is not gonna fix this. The players have to be held accountable this time. They cannot keep getting away with this
U sacked a top top manager for a mediocre manager.....who does that.....sack Boehly himself. The manager should be sacked urgently
Before we have new additions, can we at least get some of these jokers out of the team   Jorginho Plus…
4 months ffs. With 6 of them world Cup. Stfu ffs. Give this man at least a year. Worst impatient shower of fans on this planet.  I've been following Chelsea since 1989. Get a grip.  It's a transformation.
Johnny Mineral will come for you... How dare you talk about Havertz and Mount? 🤣🤣🤣 Big ups, brother
If  chelsea sacks Potter with out enough time we will never be the same level with City or Liverpool
You accountants wanted TT out, now you want Potter out a few months later, how many weeks will you give a new manager. Who can play football in such an environment? well done!
For once I absolutely agree Potter is not the man and must go immediately.
Everyone at Chelsea deserves at least 5 slaps in the face
Every single one of these players played this bad under Tuchel,so what exactly is going on?
YES YOUNES, tell them he needs to go! Time won’t change his lack of character
But this same players where also not performing under tuchel before he was sacked..tuchel tactics was also not transmitting. Those players are just chit. Even if todd boely hires pep,mourinho and klopp all together..these players will still play rubbish..tired of them
Get Potter OUT
We need zidane
To say we're in myriad of problems is like brining sand to the beach. But may I (re-) emphasize: 1. GP comes to games prepared and happy to lose. 2. It's clear that spirit has transitioned into most of the players. 3. I can't wrap my head around what he's even trying to do. There's no indication whatsoever. 4. I feel for a few of the lads. Kova basically played ALONE in that midfield until he was withdrawn.  5,...
Luis Enrique is available, Potter is a good manager but he is not a competitor
I agree with everything except getting rid of potter rn. Let him clear out the dross in this squad and we can see, wether or not he’s competent. Jorgi Mount Kai azpi should all be moved on. Just play chuk zak and Kova in midfield until we recruit or kante comes back.
This is a joke now
Younes is the best chelsea content creator out there. He speaks nothing but facts every time and is a realist. Everything he said is pure facts
Well said Younes, the same team last season that made top 4 even with Reece and Chilwell out for a major part of the season. Now we are sitting tenth!  It can’t be all the players fault, the coaches and the owners need to take part of the blame. It’s really sad that we have clueless owners that came to continue from where the British government left after destabilizing CFC .
You must have a style or plan against a better team. Some coaches will allow the opponent come at them and hit in a counter attack. That should have been the tactics. Then you pick the players from what you have to deploy that tactics.   He would have set up that way. That is where my worries is for Potter. He is not a manager who hates to lose. He is fine and calm when things are not working. That is not the attitude for a coach who want to coach Chelsea and win Titles.   He is got to Go. Not the mentality at this moment. In a better squad he would have done well. When it comes to grinding it game to game with the challenges around, he is not the coach.
SACK THAT MAN AND THOSE PLAYERS!!
I agree with you YTF, when FL was in-charge he said the team wasn't good enough to win trophies. FL got sacked and TT came in and won the champions league with the same players. Yes we all know we need players most especially a creative midfielder like Fabregas or Juan Mata. but these set of players shouldn't be the reason we can't play football anymore. GP isn't good enough and he has to go first.
SACK THAT MAN!!
Our beautiful Chelsea is gone 😭
Sack Potter 💯 Agree 👍 Younes  We have to Get Simone / Thomas  Back - Fat Todd knows FA about  Football - Sacked Chelsea best Manager
This is what happens when a clueless American owner trust the process of an over hyped English manager. All the players were horrible today, if someone like MASHIT MOUNT (AKA Mr Play with your hair, aka poster boy aka model on and off the field, Mr money cause that's what  he cares about right now while his fanboys will say he loves Chelsea and call him Mr Chelsea whereas Reece James is the real Mr Chelsea) if he's our best player, we are doomed for eternity. He could not make a correct pass for all his "creativity", couldn't beat players, just pure hype and pampering and shit. For those saying oh he won player of the year twice, well that's just an honorary award for him with his padded performances, he was non existent like always, but some fans can mention all the players they want out of Chelsea but won't mention his name and they will say let's build the team around this walking over hyped mediocrity, are they sane at all? It is blasphemy to compare this prick to Foden, they are miles apart and even though I don't think it will happen but if we sign star players like Leao, Neymar, Nkunku (that's certain) Felix, who will Mount bench, no one except if they force him in and by then everyone will know it's nothing but an agenda now cause he is not that good just average and I mean Aston Villa or West Ham kind of average who wants 300k per week, send him to West Ham so he can join his friend over there, him and Harvertz has been living off that assist and goal in the UCL final, and he even has a banner in the stadium🤣🤣, this is all Lampard's fault cause Chelsea never considered him until Lampard brought him and forcefully made us see him as his heir which was the beginning of our slow downfall. James should be getting all the hype Mount gets in the English media cause he truly deserves it. Now Havertz, my God he should be chased out of Chelsea with a baseball bat, he plays like he is putting on a long tight skirt, then he assisted Man City with his hand 😂😂 shit player just like the rest. OH and the youths you were screaming for played today,and they were not that better than the experienced ones with all their zeal, willingness and hunger except maybe Chuckwuemeka, but Hall(average and got destroyed by Mahrez,and I don't want the excuse of it's not his position cause you lot wanted him over Cucurella), Omari (I can't see the hype), and Younes wishes was done today with Chalobah as a right back, and it is safe to say he was mauled on that side by a kid and Foden.  If Potter gets backed, we will still be shit, cause if he can't control players like Kovacic, Jorginho, Mount etc, do you think he will be able to control Nkunku and his likes? He needs to go and probably get in Zidane for the process or Enrique and give them good players. God please save Chelsea.
Who knows Potter may win the champions league this season
When Younes has the red light on you know fury is coming!
I watched the 1st 10 min and switched it off , I don't like stress
Potter has sixty mil in the bank no matter the outcome
We need an authorative captain.
Younes go for Chelsea coach well done 🎉 go a Todd and tell him everything
how much have we backed Potter with backroom staff etc? It's mad. We wouldn't just have to replace him.... but that whole level of staff. We wouldn't even have a caretaker. Nobody outside of Potters team. It has blown up dramatically because in my opinion everything, the whole revolution since Roman, has been appaling. Great analysis Younes.
We have "footballers" who don't work hard, don't stay in position, scared of tackles, scared of shouting at one another. Jobless people work harder than these so-called "professionals". Bunch of fannies
Thanks Younes for being brutal with the Truth, I stopped listening to Matisse after he said Potter should be given more time, There's no process or project with Potter...
Younes, Zidane has done except managing a Real Madrid team full of world class players and characters. Not even a single Chelsea player will get into the team he managed. I expect better from you man. Ronaldo, Bale, Benzema, Modric, Kroos, Casemiro, Carvajal, Sergio Ramos, that entire team was world class at every single position. Same is with luis Enrique and Barcelona. And no need of experience to manage big players because there aren’t any at Chelsea (though their ego may be).
Thought Potter had some degree in emotional intelligence,,,but he's not inspiring at all....players looked unmotivated,,, players die on the pitch for great managers
We should have kept Werner he was the only one who gave his all during  matches .
Thank you....  No growth or improvement without the raw unfiltered truth. These guys don't connect with the club and lack passion.  They couldn't even use the occasion of Vialli's passing as a motivator to bring out a performance
Tuchel was ( is) the winner but the cowboy fired him. We are in the relegation zone soon. And it's not a joke.
Tuchel said it best. We have the same problems cause we have the same players. We've literally turned into Brighton. It's like the players have looked at Potter and thought ok we can just earn wages now. We have not one great player bar, silva, and james
Tuchel complaint about these players at the beginning of the season
POTTER OUT!!!
Give Potter time!
Great video mate
POTTER IS OUT OF HIS DEPTH!!!
Our only manager in the last 10 plus years worse than Potter was J.M. because he got rid of Salah, Kevin De Bryne, young Lukaku and brought back negative football.
Graham Potter needs time to become the next Ferguson of 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 football
Bring back TT plzzzz  as soon as possible 😢😔
Savage Younnes.... I'm here for it😹😹
IRONIC isn't it, sacking TT to improve with Potter that's one problem I have with my beloved CHELSEA. I'm I the only one noticing that our new owner is an attention seeker who loves employees that will stroke his ego. On the topic of managers Zidane and the others are two gangster to coincide with the owner, they'll be case aside like TT who have made two mistakes (not being a yes man and protecting Jorginoh in midfield while sacrificing the health of Kova and Kante).
Potter may stay in Chelsea for 10 season with out winning tutif
Miss you Roman and his Chelsea ! We didn't accept mediocrity at this club since you bought this club. But with you gone, so has the soul of the club. We are DONE !
Tuchel came in, changed players mentality and Chelsea wins a champions league. Ten hag came in and you have rashford scoring for fun and man is winning matches but Graham Potter comes in and all the players can't play anymore and Chelsea is in 10th place. Can someone explain what the coach is doing cuz i can't see it. This is retrogressive football
I pray we lose the next 3 matches lets see if the new investors will continuously let their investment be managed this way with the likes of Potter and players like mount, kai, j5 and a few others
Sell KEPA, where's MENDY
You are my man. Potter got no pedigree to lead Chelsea FC. It’s a no brainer.
Even with this rubbish players, tuchel got the best out of them. I was one of those people who felt that Tuchel should have been given more time to solve the chelsea issues only for our clueless owners to just sack him on just petty issues
Potter has turned my club into clay We are taken for a ride here. It's sh!t
We need 15 Points Younes how hard is that to take for surviving the drop I would even take the hated Rafa back at this point.
Younes we are in trouble we need to buy new players. Everyone is bad, the bench, the coach, the players disgraceful, I was not even watching the game after 2 down I was crying this can’t be no😢😢
Bring back TT and make it quick.
These players can't score on their wife's never mind score a goal
Potter Out is so insane, people never learn man
chelsea is Tenth on the Table and heads aren't rolling... it's a worry. No Chelsea supporter should accept this Norm.. Potter isn't ready for a top team..
Potter need to go non negotiable
In the game for some reason I felt we doesn’t have manger
its not too late to call TT back he's the only key i swear no one would understand it clearly until we're trophyless for 10 years I've stopped watching Chelsea matches and press conferences as well I've known this for a long time that all our players are very average except James and Kante the only reason we were doing Ok was only and only because of TT
For me , the problem is the coach doesn’t do his job right
Sell Mount Yay
TT loved and cared for Chelsea like his own club…..i don’t understand if you can’t give TT time to settle things out but GP have all the time in the world 😢😢😢  Between TT and GP who really deserves time here?   Sometimes these people who have money thinks they have it all….hmmm  TT🫡
Don’t give up on Potter yet…you will be surprised 💀
At last a YouTuber who is truly in touch with most of our match going support. Well said 👏 👏
The reason Mount is a problem for this team is because his our talisman, he plays a free role in attack and today he was playing a free role in defence. His not talented enough or good enough to be the talisman for Chelsea Football club he hasn’t fully developed yet constantly plays regardless of how bad his been and all we hear is that his played out of position, I’m sick of hearing that. Mount is an average young developing player his no talisman and the team shouldn’t be built around Mason Mount…Kai is rubbish and the worst thing is they play the same position and every manager is shoe horning Kai and Mount into the same team at the detriment of our club. Kai and Mount are as bad as the pivot of Kova and Jorgi. We spent over £200 on these young and old players wow another poor decision. Hall an academy kid is further developed than Carnz or Omari, we need to stop hyping up these guys and get them out on loan to develop…
I’m sorry but potter out
Bro today you looked so sad I feel sorry for you  IAM also very sad and angry 😡 I really don't know what to say but really we are in big crisis
Chelsea owner is the problem of Chelsea,the day he sacks tuchel is the day I no dis man is fool,
Our government are a disgrace roman should never have had to sell chelsea i hope to god he does something after its all finished they shouldn't get away with it
If Tuchel was here and would See City 3:0 up he would have run on the Pitch and shout and Beat the Players Up and Potter is Like this 🧑‍🦯
Tuchel is d way forward. Bye bye Potters
Bro how do you think if Chelsea hire Luis Enrique, I think we need  someone like him
Don’t mind listening to you for an hour. We need another video on the potter situation.
Calm down. Everything is going to be alright. The facts. 1) Chelsea were taken from Roman Abramovich to score political points. 2) This stopped us renewing Rudiger's contract, or buy the right replacement 3) To show he was willing Boehly panic bought players, paying over the top for players looking for another pay day. 4) The Winter World Cup has condensed the season meaning too many games without sufficient recovery 5) The additional games has resulted in too many injuries, and not sufficient healing time  6) Out best 2 players are James and Kante, who have been missing most of the season. 7) Look at England's 4 Champions League teams they are all struggling, even City who have a phenominal squad. 8) We do need a clear out, but the players we have bought look promising. 9) None of these players are whom Potter wanted. Trust in Todd, Believe in Potter. It will come good, albeit probably next season.
This is depressing
Nah these player are shit. Every time we blame the manager
The manager is not good enough for chelsea.he accepted the job because it is a lifetime  apartment for him, that's why he accepted it. " the mistake is from the owners specially Tod Boly why did he offered this job to this poor man"
TT complained about the quality and attitude of the senior players. Nothing much has changed so until there is a complete clear out of the hopeless, useless, and those without motivation, the results will only get worse.  SELL; JORGHINHO, KOVA, STERLING, PULISIC, HAVERTZ, AZPI, ZIYECH, KOULIBALY, MOUNT. START AGAIN BUT URGENTLY GET SOME GOALSCORERS IN JAN OR WE FACE RELEGATION.
Chelsea started regressing when Sarri took over. I miss Ramirez, Malouda, Anelka, Joe Cole, Ashley Cole, Essien, Ballack... etc. They had fire, drive and passion for the badge. I think we have spineless players and dim witted coach. I'm unable to watch matches anymore because we are to awful to watch. We have fallen. The owners are also clueless. Getting rid of Tuchel was absolutely wrong. Even with Frank at least we were scoring but just conceding more. Potter is absolutely useless. Pardon my language but it is what it is.
TT needs to come back. Potter can be his assistant.
Thank u Younes, your not sugar coating anything and being pretentious.  100% spot on
How the hell did chelsea appoint potter i don't understand it its crazy we should have kept tuchel hes a winner world class manager i hate these new owners don't know what there doing we are gonna end up like arsenal not winning a proper trophy for years or manu they haven't won owt serious for years im dreading this just wasting money too 65m on cucurella wtf is going on
Dude, Chelsea let man city pass them in league titles, 19 years Chelsea hasn't passed arsenal lol but Man city pass Chelsea
I told you'll yesterday I had a feeling that Potter will play Havertz instead of Fofana and look what happened and that was a bad decision because I saw that Havertz have a chance to pass the ball to Lewis Hall so that he can attack but Havertz pass was so soft Walker had enough time to intercept and pass to his teammates.
Sorry Younes but you're a clown for saying Potter has to go.
Shouldn't have sacked TT as simple as that, he would have cooked with this new recruitment team definitely
Potter ball 🤣
Fulham will do us, the. what more excuses?
Some people need to get through they're THICK skulls that potter is not gonna get sacked , the board are behind him and sooner or later we will get into good form , the club is after going through one of the toughest years to date with changing of owners because of the whole russia fiasco and now its led us here , with new owners , new manger with new ideas , new ideas on how our club is gonna be run , sacking potter won't change anything, we still have the same players that didn't fight at all today , this summer is gonna be big exodus of players leaving just like what's happening around the club regarding staff in turn getting the club on its new path of hopeful success , get it through your heads this season is a write off , be a complete miracle if we get top 4 or even europa league spot , this is gonna be long process of bad outcomes of results but eventually it will turn around and until then we will see what happens and how far good we will get under potter , but time is something plastic chelsea fans are gonna have to accept and get used to , so for now stop moaning and get behind the club
Havertz, Mount, Ziyech, Jorginho, Pulisic, need to go. Its actually crazy how average these guys are and we still have them at the club. As for Potter...he has caused a rot in the club and can't stop it.
New fond respect that I have for you Younes. Cheers. Everything you said was spot on and I'm admired at your courage to have the guts to call it as it is. I can go all day talking about x,y,z leading up to this disgrace of a football performance but that'll only get my blood pressure back up so I digress. To all of my fellow True Blues KTBFFH.
I think the players gave up when TT got sacked Younes. Boehly is diminishing Chelsea.
Only one that's truthful on Potter..I have headache from thinking what is Potter formation here ...
It’s crazy to think what Thomas tuchel did in his short time at chelsea is amazing. He literally led a team to a champions league which is on par with the team we have rn
Owners need to admit they've made a mistake with Potter. They need to go and speak to Zidane or Luis Enrique and give them whatever they want to take over. Need to act now.
I’ve said it once I’ve said it again can’t keep sacking managers 🙄 these players threw lampard tunchel and now potter under the bus and neither of lampard or tunchel was given time to being there own players in  Yeah potter might not be the answer but he’s not even had a transfer window yet he’s working with some players he probably doesn’t even want should give him until the summer and if it doesn’t improve next season then you’ve got to ask the question   Finally who do you bring in if you sack him? So these players can preform for a game or two and then throw them under the bus? 😂 yeah potter isn’t great and might not be the manager but these players have thrown 3 managers under the bus now, players might be out first before the manager
If Younes knew the answer he would be managing a League club🤗
The injuries are effecting the team
How about we wait for Liverpool to sack Klopp
Thank you Youness you speak for all true Chelsea fans and the away support this ain’t Chelsea. Potter ain’t Chelsea. we deserve better. #CFC
Y the red light Younes you in red mode angry mode u say
So which manager will get the best out of these players ? I don't believe there's a manager out there that eventually the players will stop playing for. They've done it to lampard which disgusted me, ancelotti, conte,  tuchel so tell me? The next manager that comes in will eventually get the same treatment so it's pointless. Stop the mess at the root cause and in my opinion it's the players. The issue isn't necessarily about being good enough , it's about actually wanting to be at Chelsea. And for player power to stop at Chelsea John Terry has to be in the dressing room. Half of this shite were getting wouldn't exist with him around
I feel that there is a real disconnect between the club and the fans at the moment. The club has been gutted of the personnel who had created a real tangible link between the board and the fans. By replacing Tuchel, a man who loved the club and fans alike, with Potter - a stat man who is simply a nodding dog for the current board -  broke my heart.   Potter out. Jorginho out. Havertz out. Mount out. Koulibaly out. Ziyech out. Appalling, the lot of them.
Injuries should not provide any excuses. We’ve been terrible for ages.
CHANGING TUCHEL WITH POTTER IS LIKE BRINGING THE LOCAL SHOPKEEPER TO TAKE OVER AMAZON., UNACCEPTABLE..
When you ask for high standards, they said you are plastic and not proper chels. They keep blaming players and ignoring where the problem is. Quoting arsenal bla bla bla why not quote De Zerbi and Ten hag. This club is so shit because of the self proclaimed proper chels. Standards dropped out of a sudden because potter is the manager. Otherwise the proper chels would have chased him out of the club. What a shambles
One win in ten and haven't beaten a team in the top ten this season. We're in decline. Things need to change.
They need an ass kicking coach,  they need a slap and a kick .
You don't have Pep Guardiola or Klopp so you can't remain on top
In the match, I saw no coaching impact, I saw pathetic average players, and Jorjinho must leave Chelsea, Zakaria, and Fofana impressed me. I supported the sacking of Thomas Tuchel because after the champions league triumph against Manchester City Chelsea under him started to decline. Graham Potter should Honourably leave Chelsea because I have the feeling that nothing is in his brain. Graham Potter is not showing signs that he has ideas
Potter has to go we should get mauricio i know alot of chelsea fans may not like it but he would do really well hes a top manager especially if he has the funds
I agree we are in the absolute mud so as a fan it’s a good time to put space between the club and oneself.
Took the words out my mouth younes I thought this exact thing we need more from potter or it has to be a sack unless he puts some danger into the team. And the players ,young players are performing BETTER than the proper players we know can perform  it's gone to shambles potter can't fix this but we cant always sack a manger but this is serious this time  #WEWANTTUCHELBACK
I don't think Graham Potter has lost the dressing room, because he never had it. Get ready to embrace mediocrity as the new norm, boys 😐
Let's be real, as much as we think Potter is a nice guy and everything, this managerial job at Chelsea is way too big for him, and he doesn't cut it. I don't hate Potter by any means, but unfortunately this isn't Chelsea standard to what we come known for
Potter out of his depth the job is to big for him
Him congratulating Manchester city After a poor list is a happy to be here small club mentality manager , quotes like we was second best cringe worthy nobody show up every time to be second best
I will keep on saying that Potter is not the answer to our building you team, rather Potter will take Chelsea Football Club to no where I'm afraid.  Potter must go period.
Be patient brah blc there is nothing you can do and I don't see bohley sacking potter
Chelsea FC that's doing wanders, we've never seen. Take overrated players out of the team.
Was waiting for this as soon as I saw the score
No plan, no backbone, no passion! This club is falling apart, and personally, of those available, I would have to choose Zidane. Someone who commands respect that no one at the club currently does! Although completely honestly, if I could have anyone, I would potentially want Mourinho back for round 3! He wouldn’t give two tosses over who wasn’t good enough, he would be straight to the point, and he has proven he can pick out dead wood even if the clubs at the time don’t realise that! Even if it is just to set us on the right path again, and I never thought I’d think it, but the ‘Return of the Special One’ may just be what we need… or I may be alone in that thinking 😂😂😂 Either way, respect to you Younes, and the less said about the team the better 😂
There’s still time to bring in poch to save the season
Bring back my Gaffer!
I started following Chelsea a few months before the Ziyech transfer was announced. I did not want him to join Chelsea because i knew he would not fit there. At that time i considered Ziyech to be top 5 best players across all leagues in the world. Yes he as that good. And has most of it still in him.    Lampard had a plan. And Ziyech was his first signing for that plan. Lampard thought he would have time because he is a legend.  But the fans are a spoiled bunch i aint gonna lie. You are not ready to have patience to rebuild. Chelsea has been putting bandages on wounds for years. Manager in manager out.  The chicken has come home to roost.  Look at United. Only now that after years of suffering (6years no trophies) they are finally in the right direction. Same goes for Arsenal.   Chelsea fans. It is your turn.   Be better fans or remain sour apples.
Our squad isn't good at all I've said it for awhile now its been coming we should have replaced the midfield over the last few seasons jorginho kante kovacic its plain bland 31 31 28 then subs likes of Gallagher RLC we aren't gonna win nothing with that then the attack we don't have a goal scorer no fancy skillful wingers no leaders gk is crap and now we have potter as manager and roman gone its finished im not sure chelsea will ever be the same again as they have past 20 years wheres the players like Terry cech lampard Drogba costa hazard matic willian Oscar fabregas essien ramires we have the likes of jorginho Gallagher mount ziyech chalobha RLC pulisic abamuyang havertz total waste don't deserve the money there on why haven't we gone for players like r.neves w.ndidi tchouameni we passed on him ridiculous haaland and we've got rid of likes of salah de bruyne its crazy we have to get rid of 90percent of the squad rebuild i like zakaria said it months ago hes a good player fofana looked good strong quick and the lad from villa will be top player we really miss James chilwell kante fofana
Tuchel made this squad (+rudi and werner) Champions of Europe. These players have developed backwards since . Mount and Havertz are genuinly past their primes they should retire
FIRST LETS START AT THE BEGINNING DEAR BROTHER AND SISTERS 🙏🙏  1. TODD BOELY IS ON THE PRECIPICE ON DESTROYING CHELSEA FOOTBALL CLUB THAT HAS BEEN OPERATING AT A HIGH RATE FOR OVER 21 STRONG YEARS.  DONT BARK WHAT YOU WERE LEFT AS A LEGACY BY ROMAN ABRAMOVICH  LETS SEE WHAT YOU CAN DO WITH A CHARTERED BANK BEHIND 🏦   ROMAN ABRAMOVICH WAS ONE MAN 🙋‍♂️ WHO CAME TO THE PREMIER SHIP AND TOOK BY STORM.   TODD AND HIS PEOPLE WHO ARE BACKING DONT EVER SAY ANYTHING ABOUT  MR ROMAN ABRAMOVICH.   2. TODD YOU CAME INTO WORLD FOOTBALL AND THE FIRST THING YOU DO IS START FIREING PEOPLE IN THE TOP OF THE CLUB TO THE LOWER. YOU LET   MARIA GRANOVSKAIA LEAVE THE CLUB BECAUSE YOU LET HER GO DID YOU HAVE CHELSEA FOOTBALL CLUB ON A HIGH DID YOU EVEN THINK OF CONCEPT 💡 YOU WERE ABOUT TO HAVE PUT IN FRONT OF YOU. SHE HAD CONTACTS IN CONTACTS TRANSFERS YES SHE MITE HAVE GOT SOME WRONG BUT BOY DID SHE GET SOME SPECIAL PLAYERS AND DIDNT EVER OVER PAY SHE BUILT WINNING TEAM AND TEAMS THAT BATTLE REALLY HARD YES WE HAD MANAGER COME AND GO. THIS IS A BUSINESS FROM OVER 15 YEARS AND MORE SO IF YOU LOSE THE DRESSING ROOM OR THE WINNING PERFORMANCE 🎭 THEN YOUR GONE. WHY DID YOU LET GO OF  MRS MARIA GRANSONSKAVA 💙💙💙  YES YOU LET GO OF BRUCE BUCK OKAY   YOU LET GO OF PETE CECH  WHY ? WHY DIDNT YOU WAIT TO REPLACE WHEN YOU HAD SOME ONE.  YOU GOT RID OF THE HEALTH STAFF THE PHYSIO DEPARTMENT THE DOCTOR STAFF. WHY DID YOU DO THIS MR. TODD BOELY   THEN YOU LET TUCHEL HAVE A TRAMSFER WINDOW SPEND 340. MILLION ON PLAYERS AND GOING FOR 2ND 3RD BASE PLAYERS. WHY DID YOU TAKE SO LONG IN TRANSFERS OF LUKUKU WHY DID IT TAKE YOU SO LONG BECAUSE YOU DIDNT HAVE MARIA. AND OTHER PLAYERS WE DIDNT GET.   NOW THE MANAGER  G.POTTER HAS NO IDEAR WHERE HE IS HE THINK HE THINKS CHELSEA IS BRIGHTON AND THEY ARE OKAY IN 14 PLACES   HE GOES AFTER ALL THE BRIGHTON BACK STAFF WHAT THE FUK IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WHO THOUGHT OF THIS 💡 IN A DARK ROOM.   YES WE HAVE SOME CRAP RUBBISH PLAYERS IN   ASPI JORGINHO AUBEMYANG MOUNT PULISISC AND HAVARZT   ALL THE PLAYERS  AND I MITE INCLUDE HAVERTZ AND MOUNT IF THEY HAD A DECENT MANAGER WHO KNOWS WE MITE GET THE BEST OUT OF THEM OR THE WORSE PURE SIMPLE   G.POTTER NEEDS TO GO AND JOSE MOURHINO NEEDS TO COME FOR A 3RD TIME AND HOPEFULLY HE CAN SORT THESE PLAYERS OUT.   THE TRANSFERS OF  ENZO F AND RAFEAL LEAO  WHY DID WE PAY FOR AUBEMYANG WHEN WE COULD HAVE USED THAT MONEY AND BROUGHT RAFEAL LEAO ?   TODD BOELY YOUR GONE HAVE TO SPEND ANOTHER 300 MILLION NOW TO SORT THIS OUT .   TAKE CARE PEOPLE PEACE
we've went from winning the champions league with tuchel in the roman abramovich era to fighting for a spot in the top half of the table with potter in the todd boehly and his consortium era, might I add with almost the exact same chelsea squad
Love it Younes
I can't prove but I feel it is all Boehly's making. He has some idiotic money making ideas, feeder clubs, developing youngsters. I think he presented all those ideas to Tuchel and TT said NO. This is why he was kicked out. Since Tuchel departed, Boehly started revolution and moved out everyone who worked for Roman, without replacing most of them. Because he still don't have director of football, he is the one Potter communicating with and I believe Tod is the one who dictating what and how Potter should do. Do you think Potter asking to buy youngsters for the future and not demanding players for first team. Boehly is too bossy, to demanding and I don't think he is ready to listen to anyone, this is why managers like Zidane would never come and work under Boehly. I also fear no top players will chose Chelsea as next destination in their career.
Players that needs to be sold: Azpi Cucu Jorginho Mount Gallagher Pulisic Havertz Aubamayang
The blasphemy of saying "sell mount" the English Army are coming for you.🤣 he's shit between, he should just sit down and study videos of true creators and stick to it because he's not even close to lamps and cannot be lamps. Stick to doing one thing great, just learn to only create like fabregas. Havertz is weak, the team is full of weak mentalities, comfortable lads who don't care about winning again but I will judge potter when everyone is fit. New manager will fix shit with these lot considering the injury list.
I could remember everyone wanting TT gone. Even referencing John Terry loving how Potter plays at Brighton while TT was still in Chelsea.  Now you guys want TT back. Hypocritical right?
The young lads were outsmarted by experienced, hungry side
John Terry is the solutuon. But I guess it is to early for him...
No long talk,Potter out.If TT was to be here this will not be the result.No plan,no process.lets go back to the old pathway.
No short on target the whole second half, and why potter always clapping , clapping for who city? He looks satisfied  and I get confused,  clueless.
There is absolutely no chance that potter goes. Seriously, think about it. We have signed potter and half of brighton staff at the same time. Our recruitment has been poor for years. Even now, we are buying players we don't need. Potter is not the main problem. We have to address the fundamental issues in the club. then we can look at potter. Till then, we should focus on the core principles that need addressing
Agreed.  Sell - Havertz, Jorginio, Mount, Azpilicueta, Gallagher, Aubamayang, Ziyech, Kante,   Get Spalleti from Napoli if we can And ask him who he wants.
Hey Younes. One question only. If potter goes, who comes in ?
At saying to send a Mason Maunt to Olympic games you killed me and totaly truth is your line. Potter out at least Thomas had passion for the club.
You are totally right, mate. Sack Potter and bring one big guy in. Football is about winning.
You can't blame Mr Potter but blame the board
Honestly I'm not trying to be a "Wise guy " but sacking potter won't fix anything. Respect for the bit of fight in Fofana
Graham Potter is a good manager but Chelsea needs an elite manager that knows how to win not just play. The players are not playing for the badge or the coach. They're not even justifying why they're being paid. What Chelsea needs is a creative midfielder to play alongside Zakaria. & Kova or Kante.Then get a good striker. a good right winger. then we can start talking of a new era at Chelsea.
You can make an argument for and against Potter. But what can't be defended is how ridiculous it is the fact that Boehly & his partners decided to give an inexperienced coach like Potter (at this lever) a 5 year deal + massive salary is truly atrocious and calls into question their ability to run even a newstand, let alone a football club. Any decision to sack him is gonna cost us massively (after we had to buy his clause already + pay out Tuchel).
My biggest problem why he is still playing Jorginho??? You know you are playing against Man City a team that will keep most of the ball no matter who they play against and you know you have to chase the ball most of the times and Potter plays Jorginho who is the slowest player in the squad with 0 defensive ability instead of Zakariya who had a man of the match display in the last game who is defensively, physically and i will say technically more capable. TERRIBLE!!! STUPID MANAGEMENT!!! 🤬🤬🤬
Why the F did we send cowill to Brighton when even Koulibaly supposed experience player is far awful than him
It’s really simple - Potter must go.
as Potter is to blame for these shitty performances, so is our shitty mediocre below par players, that a lot of them need to go  Kai Havertz not good enough,  Mason mount offers nothing in an area where we should have a baller and player with killer passes to unlock defences, and certainly Mount is not that player, no prolific Stricker, Jorginhou and Kova not good enough, defence shambolic, goal keeper average at best, fucking hell man everything going wrong at this football club, from bad recruitment, to medical staff, to average players, new owners that still learning about how to run a big club. going at this rate if we don't end up in the relegation battle we are lucky .
Let me tell you, if we were managed Pep, Klopp &  TT simultaneously we would be doing no fv<king better with the players we have available, we are just two players shy of an injured  11, pep lost the prem to liverpool when la porte was out for the season. Klopp lost the prem to city when VVD was out for the season. We've got mendy, reece, chilli, kante, ruben, broja and now sterling & pulisic injured, so get a fv<king grip.
Potter just seems very lost ,even he is confused and still can't believe he's managing a big club 😂😂😂😂
I ain’t watching another game till potter is gone
It is good to see there is at least one channel who is speaking the truth naked. I had been commenting since this guy took over the job that he is the wrong person for this job and he is Moyes 2.0 and everyone hypnotized just repeats the buzzword cliches that useless pundits say in the media: Trust the process. Happy to hear that someone is saying that same that there is no process or it cannot be that everyone at this team is shit while majority of them played last month in WC in their teams and in fact quite well. Top clubs need world class managers. I still remember that last season and at the beginning of this season “pundits” and United fans were saying that all United players are shit but we saw that how a world class manager can turn the things within weeks and how those deadwoods are suddenly different. Sure United also like us has players who are not at the level of their club but they finally got the right manager and now he is cleansing. That’s why you don’t see Maguire playing. I  bet that Boehly and Eghbali already know what hole they have dug themselves in but still their ego and pride doesn’t allow them to accept it but give it time we will be going even lower in the table and will get closer and closer to relegation zone and they will eventually swallow their pride either this season or next season before mid season because with Potter there is only one direction: South!
This reminds of the times I used to wait to watch aftv after every arsenal game , never I thought we would be in that situation. It's worse situation infact because arsenal did not spend 500 mil during those times. I really don't know what happens next, to be honest very difficult to be optimistic
Self contradiction. Chelsea sacked top class managers who won trophies. Tuchel, CL win sacked, Di Matteo CL win sacked, Ancelotti FA cup win sacked, Conte Premier league win sacked, GRant CL final sacked.  Chelsea never left any of its managers time to develop and build on success. All they can do is sack managers . Potter is left with an unmotivated set of players he never wanted. When he  puts these players in the starting line-up  he is criticised, when he lets the young play instead he is criticised. And then, he is not a big enough  name  to manage Chelsea. Well for Chelsea even top class managers are not big enough. They sack Ancelotti, Conte, Hiddink, Scolari almost anyone who doesnt fullfill the managements demand of a triple or double. If Chelsea had had Guardiola they would have sacked him 15 times already because he just cannot win the CL. But at least MC lets him develop and slowly build up a successful team. Same with Simeone at Atletico. Only Chelsea are dumb enough to sack world class managers. They are the problem ,, the management not the trainers
I feel like crying right now
Mason Mount needs to be investigated. He has been purposely sabotaging every attack. Still can't believe this championship level player is demanding £300k a week to stay. He has dragged the team's standards to the dark pits of hell & this club are forcing him on us as the poster boy 🤮 And before you mount fan girls come for me, I don't care about his energy levels & pressing. He is an ATTACKING MIDFIELDER!This is a FOOTBALL MATCH - NOT A CARDIO SESSION 😤 And don't get me started on Havertz & Koulibaly 🫠
Younes is really and truly one of us ... Thank you for that man 💙 Potter has made 0 progress, infact it's going down and it's going down fast  ... Ever since they sacked Tuchel as a Chelsea fan I've been sad and I'm sure many of us have ... KTBFFH ffs
On point 💯..It's painful to watch as a Chelsea fan right now 😔
Bit dramatic
Younis, you are so on my wavelength today. The players you are talking about need to go. I have had enough of them but I will never give up on my team.
i still call patience, ill wait to see him with the full squad first then judge
as a chelsea fan it is coming back on haunt them because thomas tuchel was doing a great job so ah guess we go see what happen next
I’ll take poch rn
Quite a really sad period of time!!!!  The whole squad can't even complete a simple pass???🤦 The main problem has to be looked at, the whole squad can't be that bad
Younes get ready to lead the new Chelsea Fan TV cuz we are the new Arsenal! 😂
Man ive been off YouTube for awhile but this rant I couldn't miss 🤣🤣🤣🤣 the state of Chelsea just breaks my heart man 😫😫
We are not creative enough we look clueless lost that includes potter what is his plan at chelsea? I can’t identify how we play anymore we never should have sacked tuchel. All I ask is that my team gives 100 percent each game we are not even giving 50 percent
I have seen side balls and back passes and at the same game Timo missing other side but now I see just BackBall. GP ⚽️ = BACKBALL.
Potter mount Kia aspi halikim all have to go they are the problem send mount to he's boyfriends club West ham bring in pouch he is a better manager and won't stand for a crap from these prime a donnas
Potter OUT
In addition to everything you said, we do not have any leaders in our team. There is noone inside the dressing who can influence the team. We used to have plenty of those.
I have lost any hope of top 4...  I have lost all hope in Potter.... Sacking TT might be the worst decision of our club history
i said it once and ill say it again tuchel loved chelsea more than he loved his own family. the pressure he went under the roman selling the club time was crazy. fans will say we played shit with tuchel and i dont blame the man one bit. u cant blame tuchel it was a crazy transition and he could only do what he can. ill always love tuchel and what we done to him was criminal. the guy would back chelsea more than he would back his own family and kids
As far as I'm concerned Potter is the man for the job! However, I blame his tactics for today's defeat. Our team played too narrow and Man City kept exploiting the wings and Potter did not respond to this tactically. Also Jorginho was rubbish today. For  such a senior player to keep losing possession the way he did today, Potter should have subbed him off sooner rather than later. The midfield was non existent. I can see what Potter is trying to do: Pass the ball more and play more offensively. However, the team lacks speed, the midfield is non existent, the attack is toothless and the defence is beginning to lose confidence. In this game especially, we should have reverted to a back 3. Azpi should stop being used as a RB. We can use Chalobah or Humphrey there and use Azpi as CB either in a 4 or a 3. Zakaria should be used more instead of Jorginho. Mount should hug the bench more.
Bring back mourinho
Bring back mourinho
I blame Behdad Eghbali for our misfortunes! His unnecessary beef with Tuchel had brought us here.
Younes hits the hammer on the nail with all of his points some of these players aren’t good enough the manager isn’t good enough we aren’t good enough
If we are not careful, next season, we might even play in championship..!!
Bring back mourinho!
Havertz, Ziyech, Jorginho, Cucurella, Aubameyamg, Kovacic,  Pulisic all not Chelsea standard or do not have that fire to play for Chelsea.
Chelsea is mess right now
Whenever Chelsea is playing I'm trying to keep myself busy doing something else...my inner peace matters
The FA Cup means nothing.  What this means is that top 4 will be seen as a great victory. Chelsea probably win the Champion League.. I am the 85 yera old man 😇
Every game is going to be Hell on Earth. This is absolute bullshit from Potter, from Boehly, from the prawn sandwich Brighton B Team Board.   AND YES   I do blame Boehly. Turned Chelsea into a clueless disgrace from buying to players and limp manager. ROTTEN TO THE CORE.
Zidane won't come to Chelsea forget it
Am 💔 👨
Let potter go we need a new coach otherwise we are made to believe he is building the team but you can openly see the team going down to a point where building won't be possible.
I could honestly see a situation where Chelsea re hire tuechel after the season if it continues like this. I know we have injuries and depth issues but it hard to understand how players just can’t see to get anything going. Our youngsters were the only ones who really performed today.
Who has instructed the players to seat deep, when we are 3_0 down.Porter, . Who has instructed the players to pass the back everytime we have the ball._ Porter.
We need Tuchel back
koulibaly i mean yo this guy is actually dreadful. it cant be him. must be poor environment thats affecting him. he was so good at napoli havertz idk what he was doing for that penalty  and mount is a full time model part time footballer
Disgrace Chelsea must bring Thomas Tuchel back
Can we get a video of you going thru the squad and actually see who you think needs to go and who stays
Somehow,  im beginning to think there's a conspiracy theory against CFL from the sanctions to impossible the new owner even with all the potential bidders..... Then changing the whole cultures, management n everything Roman built to a mere nonsense... Seriously,  something has to be done.
Potter needs to go. This man will take us to relegation. A good manager is a good manager wherever he finds himself. Potter has been exposed and overhyped
It’s not the players if we have pep today wit the same kind of players we play much different trust me we have world class players and this players need guiding potter don’t have it!!!
Dark days for our football club. We’ve been cursed by Lukaku and Pogbas witch doctor😂.
How do you play Jorginho against City in the first place. With our current form, we won't possess the ball, so he has no use. 😡
Potter has a mid table mentality. Who again said he is an elite manager?
Oscar from Brazil 🇧🇷 we one time player.  Carry him back to the club.  Gu for him down by China 🇨🇳 and carry him back to London we need him back
I'm no prophet or an Islam cleric but I saw it coming the moment Tuchel got sacked, I knew Chelsea will suffer under potter cos he has shown it to all Chelsea fans that he got nothing to loose even if his contract get terminated,plz get Tuchel back or we repeat 97/98 season system of making thiago Silva a player and a manager.
Graham Potter is doing a good job of crashing the team. He certainly does not have the tuchel effect that wins you a champions league. The Potter effect is relegation effect.
You are right, EVERYTHING is wrong, it's not just Potter. Is the owner the right fit for the Club ? Dreadful recent signings, no players to score, weakest midfield since the eighties, best defender a 38 year old, two average keepers.
As a true die hard Chelsea fan, I believe Potter needs 2 windows and he also needs to have a fully fit squad!!   Our best n 3 key key KEYYY players, Kante, Chilwell n Reece … does anyone know when they last played TOGETHER??? Il tell ya!!!   It was October 2021…… and guess what??  WE WAS TOP OF THE LEAGUE!!    On the other hand, I’m starting to lose faith in Potter…. Why play Jorgicrap when he is a “Ball Possession based player “ WHEN WE ARE PLAYING CITY AWAY!!!   DIDNT POTTER SEE THAT WHEN WE PLAYED WITH KOVA N ZAKARIA WE WERE MUCH STRONGER!!!?? MORE TEETH!!   DID POTTER NOT SEE THIS!!!????    WHY START JORGICRAP?? WHYYYYYYYYY???????    Let’s see our name game, NOW KNOWING THAT KOVA N ZAKARIA IS OUR BEAT MIDFIELD what is Potter gonna choose next game!!   DATRO IS BETTER THAN HAVERTZ  CHEKUMENKA IS BETTER THAN MOUNT AND GALLAGHER   HALL IS BETTER THAN CUCU  CHALOBAH AND KOUBAILY SCARE ME OF THIER LACK OF CONFIDENCE IN THEM SELVES!!  (So Potter ffssssss start Benoit!!!   Ziyach was teribleeeeeeeeee AGAINNNNNNNNN   WE NEED TO START SELLING; Jorgicrap  Pulishit Gallagher  Koubaily  Ziyech  Azpi    We should look at buying Mitroma (Brighton winger) St Maximan Rice Gvardiol    And we still STILLLLLL NEED A STRIKER!!!    OSHIMENNNNNNNN!!!
Potter out - Tuchel in
https://youtu.be/a7ox7-npBvQ This summs up my feelings very well
This is not problem coach Chelsea don't have it the level of the player... Support play Chelsea football club
Mount is able to do nothing all game every game and get away with it. Potter is addicted to him it mad
Facts FACTS FACTS ❤ THIS IS WHY I LOVE YOU BRO.  Preach my brother we Chelsea fans have lost the standards and we keep lying to our self …MOUNT IS CAN NOT BE A STATER FOR CHELSEA
The coach is not showing any character..the team has problems but the Coach is making the entire team look very bad. This same team can turn and become champion league winners so we all should agree to this..the Coach is not fit to be at the Club.
Yes, very good points regarding commanding authority especially.  Post your video on Twatter for the knuckleheads because a lot of you young people and youtube bros - who have never experienced real cut-throat daily life at a corporate business - have no idea of what commanding authority and producing means...including producing when the corporation isin rebuilding mode.  Because Potter would not last three months at top-class financial or legal business, and this is why I ask myself what on earth Boehly saw in Potter?  Brighton growth?  That team remains a mid-table team and did so with Potter.  It has been obvious the players do not respect Potter, know he is below Tuchel, and stopped playing for him and checked out weeks ago.
There is 8 crustal injuries bro think it through
Get Tuchel back for me
Has anybody informed Potter he is no longer at Brighton. He is not Chelsea material. Agree with Younes a process is a great idea 💡...but the right guy was Tuchel Def not Potter. He has to go.
Every next performance is the worst. When does it end? When were in League One of the EFL? Expect nothing from this point on. No more trophies and no more titles. Those days have passed but it was great while it lasted 😔
We betrayed Tuchel and this is the retribution
U know why mi apologize to younes for mi talk mi make.  Because city use them 3 team and disgrace us. 3 team.  If the coach just watch younes YouTube talk show them and lineup bay youths out there today I can swear to god I would see a better team performance today.   We may lose but the spirit of the players wouldn’t drop so.  Mount Jorginho Harverts the defender we buy from Italy and other big players needs to sell before January finish.  All pulisc need to go with him injury to.  And make it better we ave a rich manager who buy Chelsea club.  If we can’t get them sell just get a billion dollar out your banks 🏦 in USA 🇺🇸 pay off”. About 10 big balla in the team we need to tear up them contact and pay 💰 them up there millions a dollars and run 🏃‍♀️ them out of this club.  Don’t forget to run 🏃 out lukaku too.
Tbh...this chelsea team...and the Gaffer have drained the life outta me. I don't like football anymore
This team is Not Chelsea  Fat Todd has allot to Answer  Potter is Not the Way forward  We want Thomas Back
I love it when Chelsea fans pretend these problems weren't there under Tuchel lol
What do you think to maybe bringing in Zidane?
Younes you’re spot on and I’m In 100% with you, unlike some of your YouTuber friends they can’t be honest… thank you 🙏🏾
Even Potter cannot explain what he is doing how can you make me understand it.
I agree 1000% Younes! I'm tired of some fans acting as if they've seen the future and know Potter is the chosen one or something. Ever since he's taken over I have yet to see any actual positive change, patterns of play or direction whatsoever. What's even more the team has regressed from the new manager boost so fast it's as if Potter has already lost the player's faith. I mean it's either these players are gutless losers or Potter just can't put that fire into them because we're weak and easy to bully every game, everytime we go a goal down, I already know we've lost because we can't fight for a goal nor can we fight to not concede another.   Something's gotta give, no manager worth his badges should be this lost after this many games. I'm more than worried at this point because we're on a downward spiral with no signs of escaping anytime soon.
A glimpse of hope on thursday but soon lost it when Jorginho was back in the starting line up. 220 millions spent on defenders when we are crying out for creativity is more that I can understand.
At  this rate now ...I don't care what happens next...change the whole squad....we can't be Loosing like this
Bring back Tuchel!
Am not gonna be funny but take Mou back. Let's give him third time chance. Or TT back if not we can face relegation fight. Plus get rid of dead wood.
If Boehly is humble he would bring TT back and recognize he made a huge mistake sacking him
You have my respect on Mount. You spoke the truth  We need to sell Koulibaly, Jorginho, Auba, Sterling, Cucurella
Lots of these players need to go n also potter needs to go , kolibaly, jorginho, covacic, ziyech, pulisic, mount, havertz, they all need to be sold
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂I am done
Younes.... Let me help you here... Gallagher.... Out Ziyech..... Out Havert ..... Out Jorginho... Out Pulisic...... Loan out. Abameyang.... Out Mount ..... Bench Omari H..... Loan out. Potter .... Outttttttttttt...... They are completely not Chelsea standard..... Truth been told
Never rated potter never will get him out now if we want to build and bring through the youth bring in potchatino 🤷
Another problem: it seemed like Hall was defending on his own, sometimes, on the left (the young lad was unprotected by the midfield).
I am sorry but, Tuchel was the right guy..!!!
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Keeping it 💯  Younes!!
HEAR ME OUT. Under a revamp where almost the whole squad should be leaving GRAME POTTER IS NOT THE MANAGER FOR THAT. He will need time yes but how much time does he’s need. With PEP AND KLOPP yes they was given time but they was ON THE TOUCHLINE GOVERNING their teams potter doesn’t do that.  IM starting to think a manager who has authority and is a WINNER proven and with TIME AND BOHLEY SOENDING MONEY JOSE MOURINHO COULD BE THE MAN TO TAKE US AT LEAST BACK TO WINNING WAYS ON A BUDEGET TO AFTER HIS RECENT DOWNFALLS 🤷🏽‍♂️
even tiago silvers wife tweeted perhaps getting rid of  tt was a mistake that tells you everything you need to know
Good coach for a small mid table club
I fully agree with you Younes! Potter is not suited for this job. This guy needs to go now
This is getting bad s*** Right now we might as well bring Arsene Wenger out of retirement or get Gus back 😭😭😭😂😂🤔🤔🤔
We believe in da project, but not with Potter
It's this average team we have that is the problem fam, if we change a manager he needs to get rid of these players
Graham Potter out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out
Cash in on Mount now and buy a midfielder who is always capable to pass forward. If is Enzo then sacrifice Mount, then we can dump all the Sarri, Lampard, TT negativ defensiv players. Potter will get the best of the players that match his ideas, but thr squad is not capable of doing that yet, he just needs to dump the expensive mercenaries. Only new youngblood will give the required spark.
Thanks for your passion Younes, much needed. This is not a Chelsea I recognise. And as uou say, Potter is showing us nothing.
Get Enrique, Zidane in. Potter isn't the one to lead us to the Promised land. How are our physios? The list of injuries speaks volumes about them. The Chelsea owner needs to listen supporters; his money alone can't prop up a team. Aziplucueta, Jorginho,  ziyech, Kolubaly, pulisic, mount should exit. I pitty the new players: what are they thinking now?
Look Younes  let's Chelsea board sack potter , nothing is working , the players i can't believe they are performing like this, let's them all go.
What do you expect mount, j5, harvertz and the rest won the champions league and had a medal, potter has non. It won't be a surprise if this lads don't respect the manager
Out
Out
Out
Out
Luis Enrique or Zizou in
Mount is being forced to play RW, LW MID 8, false 9 and a number10 . With his best performances being as an 8 or 10
Out
Out
Out
I think the new owners went too far sacking TT and put us in this mess. No fighting spirit, no urgency. The manager so quiet with this players. Honestly our standard has drastically. The manager lacks pattern. Thanks younis,waited for this for so long.
Out
Out
I can't really blame Potter. I blame the people that hires him.
Out
Out
Out
Out
Manager through him out along with everyone who played today even my college team might played well. We are chelsea now I'm getting blood pressure by watch them play. Just go hell   You give everything YTF
Out
Out
Out
Give the man a bloody break 11 players are injured what do you want. I feel alot of your content is just to bash its not the first time we have been in this position.
Out
Lewis Hall should never be on the bench, with the team we have at the moment..!!  Mason Mount is regressing because of Potter.!! KAI is not upto it, the epl is not for him, simple.!! We need, LEAO, Mudryk, Nkunku, Rice, Bellingham, Enzo and Kante.
Out
Out
Out
They should all live?? Who's going to Play??
Out
Complete agreement regarding Havertz; done.
Todd b better get tuchel back on the phone ASAP
Out
Which Chelsea manager would even wanna take the job rn
Potter out NOW never wanted him at Chelsea it's a shambles. Never wanted the yanks to come in either even with the wallet they are ruining our club. And as for the players they don't care it's all a complete shambles how are we going to sign top players in this state. Whe Roman went so did chelsea. To me and it's only my opinion Potter is a yes man for his job.
Manager out now now
my concern is relegation battle. I honestly don't see us winning against any team.
Can someone tell me which manager we get if we sack Potter because one of the best managers in Europe in Tuchel had the same problems.
I miss abramovic ..
Most of the players were there during Sarri and Lampard and Tuchel and they managed to win the Europa league, Champions league and achieved top 4 and reached FA cup finals. It's the same fucking players. The problem is going for a coaching staff from a mid table team and expect a team to perform at Man City or Arsenal level...... Get the fucking coaching staff out! Bring back Jose Mourinho so that he can build another blueprint for Boyle and Co....
Go and get diego simeone
Enough is enough younes 😡 😡
I wish we didn't let Timo go 😕 he could have fall on the recruiting and future
Mason Mount won Chelsea's player of the year says a lot about the team.  The only players that will make it into Peps team is Reece James, Thiago Silva and Kante
Absolutely spot on
We will be like Arsenal. No, we are not going to win anything anymore if we know careful
I'm i  the only CFC fan who want to see Graham potter staying, tbh he needs time, each season we've been finishing top four but winning the trophy is where we draw the line.. let's go back to when Arteta was performing dismally, Lampard was in charge actually he performed better than him look at the starts now, it's always a matter of time..... The problem with cfc fans is they always want results but they ain't ready to accept to that we are struggling.
It’s very simple … You give potter the man city squad he will still struggle to get results…  There will never be an English coach to be successful other than sir Ferguson which by the way was the reason why he told Beckham to GTFO for complaining …!  Mason mount go play for Aston villa or something…
Mount had to filling in the RW and he just came back from being hurt I know you are made be analyze the situation
Just do not bring another "coach" instead of proper "manager"
Unfortunately, u can't bring Tuchel in and buy players for him that doesn't fit into his philosophy and want magic. The owners just want to buy every Tom Dick and Harry. It doesn't work that way.
Another thing is TT had access to a full squad. Porter has never had that
This is a club that won the champions league two seasons ago
If they sack him now we will have to pay 47 mil that's one big mistake this clueless Tod b did by giving him 5 years
Even if we change the manager it won't work as long as we don't sell these rubbish players we have that are starting on our team
It’s the midfield, I’ll say it and say it again, if the midfield does their job, the defense and GK won’t be under as much pressure
I really want poter to get sacked but bohley won’t do that because he signed a 6 year contract so by sacking him he had to pay out the remainder of his contract that’s going to be a lot of money disgraceful today I respect you younes my favourite Chelsea YouTuber you speak the facts
Before i start watching the video can i just say this😂   Personally I think potter's last game will be against Fulham
i stopped pressuring my heart ❤️ since Potter come to Chelsea now I'm watching Chelsea match with fun because I know we're going to loose.
I predicted 7 - 0. Man city had a change of plan.
When United was in the mud Chelsea fans had a field day on us, laughed, and made all kinds of jokes about our players and club. Well ha, ha ha ha 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣, IN THE MUD,🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Potter out
Woe betides whoever still backing Graham Potter's Rubbish to continue to be Chelsea coach. The tragedy of a coach. Plus of course, the lunatics owners. This is what British government wanted to befall the only Club in London that have achieved something in international circus!
We are finished thats the honest  truth
I feel like the game against Fulham is Potter's last chance  to keep his job if he beats Fulham the owners will give him a chance but if Chelsea lose against Fulham I think the owners should sack him and look elsewhere for a new manager.
Well done Younes! Proud of you brother! Brilliant vdo! 🙌🏽👏🏽
Younes talking about mount was the highlight of this video 😂
Bring  hansi flick or zidane  , or if madrid part ways with ancelotti,get him, even enrique..... The problem is...... He didn't give any direction during the game.... Didn't see him doing anything
All we did all game was pass back and forth between the defense and then occasionally "attack" every ten minutes. Wtf was Potter's plan?
I really like to know how Roman, Marina, Petr Cech is feeling about their beloved team's downfall !!!
The lineup today proves to me how unprepared Potter is for the job.The last match against City Chukwuemeka and Zakaria were the shining lights but Potter decided to start them on the bench which cannot comprehend.Potter not good enough for the Chelsea job and if something is not done we will be in relegation fight soon,mark my words. Another issue is that of respect to the club and supporters which Potter doesn’t have.
It gets to a point when we are starting to question mostly every players ability in the squad. We did at the end of Lampard's time. Players like Rudiger wasn't even getting on the bench. Then BAM! a manager walks in that knows how to manage elite level. Rudiger ends up at MADRID because he became one of the best. What do we expect when the manager leaves the door... Players these days needs to be told how to wipe their arses. If not they act like donkeys and have no idea what to do. Having an Elite manager means EVERYTHING now
That Mount comment was spot on he is bad, ziyech, jorginho, Havertz, Auba, Azpi etc.
I want to give Potter time, but I don't think he is the right guy full stop, I don't think he is capable of taking us to the heights of a man city, I think Tuchel was that man and we got rid of him because of a small bump in the road. The only plus from this game was minutes for trev again, humphreys was good and more minutes for younger players. Why potter brought kova off for zakaria after kova and zakaria played cities midfield off the park on thursday. Fofana was in a graveyard shift unfortunately, and as much as it hurts for me to say this. Either sell mason and kai or figure out why they are not playing well and how to fix it. There is only so much running around and pressing that can cover for this many poor performances, sell mason and kai if we can somehow get 150 million out of that, buy Rafeal Leao. Leao, Fofana, Nkunku and sterling is a front line that can do something. Results need to get better or at the very least we need to give 150% every game, as much as i love the guy, Thiago silva should not be our best player, he is world class and we are blessed to have him, but a 38 year old cb cannot be out top player. Potter is a great manager but he is not chelsea level. For the love of god todd boehly bring tuchel back, he loves the club even now after what happened, fucking hell i would rather lampard over potter. Its all good trusting the process, but the manager needs to be good for that to work. If Chelsea go to Tuchel and say we want you back, I guarantee he will come back and act like nothing happened, he was the man we needed at the helm in order for us to trust the process. We saw in 6 months what can happen if he has a team that works for him and his system. Yeah we had a dissapointing 2021/22 season, but we got to a final, alas 2 finals, and we were unlucky in those games, on another day we ended that season with 2 domestic trophies on top of the super cup and the club wc. But a few games that went wrong at the beginning of the season after we lost our big #9 who we bought for 100 million. And saying trusting the process is all good and well, but at least with arsenal arteta had a system that he played, and he found players that worked with that system, our 'process' is just trying to fit a system that fits our players, that isnt a process that is stupidity. Boehly needs to see that just spending a crap tone of money on players doesnt fix the problem, look at city they rarely pay more than 60 million for a player, the only time they didnt was for grealish and look at how that worked out. Buy players that fit the system, buy players who love the club and want to play for the shirt and the badge not the paycheck. BRING TUCHEL BACK!!!!!!!!!
L👎🏾
Let me ask you guys 1 question. Do you really think that something like this would happened under Sir Alex F. ?  Fu*k NO, we need that kind of a manager who will raise something in there players. With GP he doesn't rais anything in our players. Untill we get an Word class manager, somebody with attitude , we will do nothing even if we buy the best players in the world
Problem is you get rid of Porter then what? We've ran through all the elite managers except Klopp and Pep, who's available at the moment? The same players didn't work with TT or Lampard. Chelsea players have a history of having too much power and downing tools just to get rid off managers.
As it stands Chelsea will get relegated from the Premier League, out of both domestic Cups and even will go out against a bad Dortmund side in the Champions League. Or this Brighton Manager get saked in the morning and Chelsea will play for Top 4 again!
Damn younes I  love you. Let's hope we turn things around next season. This season is a write off.
Would love to see you and Matisse talk about WHICH players Tuchel favored and are they that good. PS Mount and Kai that you all hyped up
🚨🚨🚨Chuck Norris Out this is really life not Nollywood
We are not Arsenal. We need to change the manager now!
Ohh please with the potter out he needs time. Had no transfer window on the summer and I guarantee you if he was here on the summer we don’t buy koulibaly or aubameyang. 2 horrible signings and 2 TT signings. And the injuries are just uncontrollable there must be a curse on us. And no manager not TT, not pep or Klopp would get these players playing. I’ve not seen a more spineless bunch. Before we sack potter I want 85% of this squad sacked or sold.  To think if Luca VIALLI saw this. I don’t care what potter says to these players. Doesn’t mean they shouldn’t at least try and run. Put in a bit of effort. I’m not asking for a win, we are away to city we never win there. I’m asking for just someone to close a ball or put a tackle in.
The red back light symbolises anger, GCSE English Paper 1🫡
This lot looked like they were in a pre season match , potter for tuchel , nah that’s one of the biggest mistakes in Chelsea history imo . We have to stick together
Let's not forget that the UK government helped in killing Chelsea.
"We knew we were gonna lose, but the is a way of losing "🤣🤣😅
Thnx for the truth’s Younes🙌🏾
ALRIGHT. DONE. WE NEED TO SORT THIS SHIT OUT!
I suggest we ask Liverpool for a manager swap...
Chelsea Harry Potter project
It's the players that are the issue, at some point some sources even said that the players were not responding to tuchel as well, the players are the problem it's not potter. Who else do you even want to hire if we sack potter? Do you want pochettino lad?
I have said this many times before.. 1. Kepa is really not good enough for Chelsea..! You can't bench Mendy for Kepa..!! 2. J5 should have long left Chelsea. 3. Kovacic is OK but not a Chelsea standard. 4. Koulibaly is still trying to adapt to EPL but he finds epl more difficult the Serie A. 5. The less said about Potter the better, the guy has over stayed his time at Chelsea...!!
Seriously the body language of those players are totally disgrace
I have to say that mount is a top player, he is just in bad form this season and the team is 💩 but he doesn’t need to go. Apart from that you’re right
Younnes should be on that Chelsea board. I wish Todd Boehly was half as concerned.
Our greatest manager Jose. You believed in him from his attitude and standards. Graham hasnt given us anything to believe in. Not him or the results
I'm sorry youness I can't agree with you here! What exactly is sacking potter going to achieve, really? I'm telling you it doesn't matter what manager is in, those players will do the same thing to him. I blame the board, players before potter. And to every one of those mugs who were chanting for TT in the crowd, you're a disgrace and clearly can't see yue bigger picture. We're not in the roman era anymore get a grip. Back potter, let him clear out the deadwood players and get his own then build some sustainably. If we don't win anything or get top 4 this season it's not the end of the world! We're still chelsea,  the most successful English club over the past ten years and are massive. I'd rather build slow then sack potter, get a new manager and start the same clown circus cycle all over again. Back potter and get rid of these useless players I'm talking jorginho kovacic if he don't wanna be there, same for mendy ziyech , hazartz, aubama, even Mount if he ain't interested I couldn't care less. UTC
Younes bwoy u should cuss some Jamaica 🇯🇲 bumbu clat now.  Can’t believe the coach change up the team.  Sorry again cuss them out.  Mout harvetz Jorginho need to sell now.  So do potter    The second half with the new players gwan good.  That new balla from Chelsea fofona him bad. Him aggressive pon the city players them was great.  Him all a look pon the players to move in position to pass them the ball.  Bwoy the worst game under Chelsea history.  The time wen city gives us 6.  The players them fight more than today.  Mi shame 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
😭😭😭😭😭
Was our loss to City at the Etihad last season any better????. The issue is not Potter, the issue is some players who just think he is not good enough and just not show up. This culture of players having the manager sacked ought to end. How will this end? The manager has to have the say. Pep and Guardiola have been this successful because their respective boards' support them no matter what decision they make. It cant be a coincidence that someone was superb a few games ago but now he seems disinterested. I loved Tuchel for sure....but let's own up, we had become too predictable,,,pass to the wingbacks then cross,,,that was it....Let's trust the process, let's give Potter time guys.
SACK POTTER IMMEDIATELY AND GET THOMAS TUCHEL BACK TO CHELSEA BECAUSE EVERYONE LOVED TUCHEL SO MUCH
Chelsea player's are not bad it is just graham potter fault
Younes in as much as we are blaming Potter, we should also blame the UK government for making Chelsea looks like a mid-table team!   This is ridiculous! I think the UK government is happy now!
I hear people saying sacking tuchel was a mistake, as if they forgot how chelsea played under him, No sir, it was a right decision, it is replacing him with potter that is the greatest mistake Chelsea made
Chelsea FC has officially lost her place in English premier league as from today, harvest, mouth, Hakim, jorjino, cornor , pulisic , Ruben loft check, chalobal,keba, all this lad are wasteful in Chelsea FC period, for porter The arrogant Americans needs to get him out and all these players immediately before they put Roman 20 years of had work into the mud, please God help us at this moment.
I believe Graham can turn the young lads into fire but he simple needs to work on his tactics and team selection
Bless your heart Younes. Always a good fellow. Am mostly like a coffee percolator with what  is going on at our club. For me nothing is right. Nothing absolutely nothing is right.
Just found out via Potter, Pulisic out for weeks, Stirling hurt his foot our only other forward hurt his back so couldn't travel. unbelievable injuries,and the team we put out didn't seem bothered at all
#bringbackTT
younnes mount gallagher jourginho harvertz aubameyang coulibaly loftus cheek these are the red flags , we must sell all of them
Worst Chelsea squad ever 😢
The problem I have with this coach is simple! How come in claps whenever the player play trash! Even Guardiola shout at player even at 4-0! Does it mean that he sees right in what these lads are playing? Auba doesn’t get any forward pass now see the Fofana guy strong making runs and no pass whatsoever! And the coach keeps clapping!
Chelsea fans we need to put trust to our youngsters now and start with the rebuild, there's way to many average players and they have been hiding under a shield which is no more now and they need to be let go,, The likes of Mount,Koulibaly,Jogi,Azpi,Havertz,RLC and so on
It's a shame as a Chelsea fan seeing my darling team sinking, matter of fact I fell anxiety any time we're playing anyway I don't want to say too much because of the number of injured players all I can say I wish my team well🙌
Chelsea need to sell the likes of  Mount  Kovasic Pulisic Jorginho Luftuscheek Havertz  Gallagher  And get them all replaced with good signings and u all will see Chelsea bounce back
Spot on. All these people defending Potter and his process, don't realise that he has no authority. I fail to see the gameplan of Potter's and his Process.   During Lamps time, the team was going downhill and not getting any results. People were blaming the team and how it was new with all the new transfers coming in  and players need time to get together.  Tuchel came in and instantly changed things from day one against Wolves!!  Rudiger was a joke under Lampard, turned into a beast under Tuchel.
BOEHLY IS THE MAIN PROBLEM OF CHELSEA, YOU BOUGHT A CLUB WHICH AT THE TOP GEAR OF FOOTBALL, YOUR TAKING THEM TO THE BOTTOM WHAT SHAME
Don’t blame the players pls. If the manager have a plan,system or any kind of tactical plan we would’ve seen some kind of progress. We have good players we need a manger to led them and guide them and   Potter is not the one to do it….
Well done for calling the Football Club out its great when I hear YouTubers being honest
The irony that we’re in hell and he films this in red
Our problem is that we constantly buy new assets. The core team of Werner, Mount, Havertz, Pulisic, Ziyech, Kova, Kante, Silva, Chalobah, James (and even Lukaku) was totally fine. Hard working industrious squad capable of competing for the league, but we are addicted to buying new players. No loyalty and no effort to develop players. There is zero stability at Chelsea.
To stay alive from high blood pressure stay off from Chelsea FC. English managers are so poor. They don't want to evolve , they just stick to old style. Potter has lost it. Pete check, Marina, Roma, Lukaku Drogba, Terry, Lampard will be thinking right now. Gallagher, Jogenhno, Kai, Chulluba,  and those middle should be released to find future elsewhere.  Chelsea needs to have proper academy boys, improve facilities,proper kitchen.
Process does not mean the license to lose every game. You must be able to pull the odd results out of the bag every now and then. It's not that we are seeing what Potter is trying to implement and the players are not good enough to execute it. Potter out
#bringback TT
Big up Younes!!! Here is a new song for the NEW Chelsea Soccer Club: WE GOT SUP TOD BOEHLY!!! HE KNOWS EXACTLY WHAT WE NEED! POTTER BEEN BACKED, 4-4-3 IS HOW WE ATTACK, CHELSEA WILL BE PLAYING MAJOR SOCCER LEAGUE!!! 🎺💉🎤🔊🎵🎶  TRUST THE PROCESS FOLKS! IT WILL GET BETTER SOMEDAY!!! 🙄🤔
Chelsea angered younes so much they made him turn his whole room red
It's funny how we have become a stats based team regarding buying new players. And they should have a high percentile of scores across the board. AND YET the managers stats are.....won nothing ,done nothing and has a degree. Potter out.
the truth m8t we have been buying shit for years the rest buy class mason mount jorghi havertz koulibally are not world class players potter is not a top level manager
I'm losing my patience man, what tactics are we playing? We have no fight and yes we have injuries but man we're not even trying, we can't even create and I feel sorry for these kids cause they're playing with average senior players and poor tactics from so called Potter ball. Pathetic performance!
You start Jorginho instead of Zakaria, u get bantered
Boley has to swallow his pride and call TT back. He really made one big mistake sacking him.
Ah yes the sacking merry go round continues🥴. Like the previous managers including the "top" ones didn't complain about the same problems Potter is facing. We had Tuchel a top manager and we were playing like shit for most of 2022. For once can this club do something else than thinking sacking the coach for the players being bad is the solution
Am tired of hearing potter saying we need to suffer before blah blah blah blah 😝
and they want 300k per week......the likes of Mount
I'm sorry, but doubting Potters ability when his former team that he built is above us in the standings shows a lack of logic and reason I can't deal with.  I get that you're frustrated, but you've been on a steady decline of rational thinking.  Or maybe it was never there. If there are players that don't respect Potter, ship them out.  But to suggest he's incapble of beating teams as a manger that he beat with less talent, although probably not much less,  and resources is idiotic.  This team isn't that good to begin with, probably 4-6 in standings.  It's a bunch of misfit toys, many of whom where overpaid for.  Add currently 9 injuries to that, including a couple of our best players, and what do you expect?  What do you think Potter can realistically change game to game that is going to change anything?    For me, there are three big factors at play here.  1. The injury crisis is real.  This game doesn't go this way if we have everyone, or nearly everyone at least, healty.  Man City's injury list consisted of...Diaz.  That's it.  We've got 9 out. 2. The roster isn't good enough.  We don't have a real striker, we've got some skill guys(Havertz, Ziyech, etc), who can do great things from time to time, but aren't dynamic creators.  Our midfield is BAD.  Our new front office has just brought in a couple of new players, but haven't had time to bring in any real transfers yet. 3. Potter needs time.  A couple of months isn't time.  Give him a proper year and see how the team is playing.  The injuries have compounded the problems for sure.
3 losses in a row, 1 goal scored and 6 conceded. Even counting two of those games were against City, that is still not acceptable. Potter should be notified that if he loses his next job, he also loses his job. But that doesn't mean it ends there, those useless players who keep flopping all the time under him are also responsible and need to be punished accordingly (of course NOT including the youngsters like Hall) for blatantly attempting to get him sacked. They're not THIS rubbish, they simply refuse to play. As far as I'm concerned they're breaking their contracts by sabotaging the club on the pitch.
The manner of this defeat and the timing of it (right after the death of Gianluca Vialli), is proof that too many players are not strong enough to play for this great club. The players can be forgiven for losing to Manchester City as they are a top team, but when the players are making the amount of unforced errors that they did against Manchester City in this match, you can only expect one outcome. Graham Potter has to take some of the blame because some of the decisions he made were puzzling... I mean, leaving Jorginho on the pitch despite him having a terrible first half made no sense, and leaving him on the pitch especially after seeing how well Zakaria and Kovacic played together against City in midweek is even more ridiculous. The whole thing was a shambles from start to finish, and things need to change FAST
I dont understand potters style, i cant see it. Im sorry plz sack him and get zidane now that he is not going to be France manager
Im sticking with Potter , we must break this cycle of the players downing tools and getting the manager sacked .
Potter isn't the right guy to take us on the next level...he's jst a joker Never expected chelsea board to go for such coward manager in the first place. Potter out period!
Younes you dodged a bullet by not doing watchalongs this season cos it's long man. You should join me in the acceptance stage of this process. Just write this season off
All these players are bad period. This has nothing to do with potter because this was the same issue under y’all beloved tuchel. All these players play backwards passes you can’t teach that it’s on the players. Massive squad clearance is needed
I keep saying that if GP is not sacked, we will be struggling with the relegation bound team. Can anyone tell me one player who has improved under GP. Instead of improving, all the players are rather regressing.   GP does not have what it takes to galvanize the team to winning mentality. Whatever process we are talking about is a process, but GP is not the right man for the process.   Who can tell me what style our team is playing ..... the team is just playing like a newly promoted team to the premier league.   We are out of all the domestic competitions, and we're also going out from the Champions League.   GP is not the man for the process. How come a team that won the club World Cup suddenly went bizzare and bonkers.   Guadiola was so relaxed playing against Chelsea because he knew if he played, his youth side could win the GP team. Even if GP is given the best 11 in the world, he will still do nothing. Because he has nothing or idea
Some people say that the players cant all be bad, so there must be something wrong. But something that makes it clear as day is their WC performances for their country (except Mount)
Todd boehley and Potter are going to destroy this Chelsea football club
Potter is not the right manager for Chelsea !!!!! TT came and changed the culture immediately he even won us the championsleague made us solid at the back ! he improved some of the players ! likes of rudiger improved alot after he was benched by lampard!
Let’s first have it right, 4-0 was City cruising, had they been in the mood for violence it was going to be a cricket score.   With that said, Chelsea is the blind leading the blind. Potter is doing the players no favors. The players CERTAINLY are doing Potter no favors. The lack of apparent urgency for Jan transfer market when we had several GLARING holes is doing no favors to anyone.   Patience patience patience. What frustrates the fans is that is all we are hearing. I personally accepted in October that there would be pain. But pain has to come with PURPOSE! Are you going to A&E to be told that they will be cutting about your insides, but there isn’t anything to be fixed? All I want is to see development of the youth, overturning of the roster, and implementation of a pattern of play.    It’s difficult to feed the fans “a project” of you can’t show how the project is working.
Folks must stop this TT in Potter out...we played the same boring side to side nd backward passing football under TT as well, the problem lies with the players mentality nd that lack of hunger.
When I saw the starting lineup, I knew we were going to be bantered  That coach can never bring us anything
LoL 😂😂😂😂... I can't help but laugh ooo ... YTF is red .. 😂
This season is over. At the moment I am not even sure if we can win against the Fulham.
I remember the Mount and Foden argument I mean Saka wasn't even included now Mount can't even st art in a Fulham team
potter doesnt need to go anywhere, just the players, need a massive rebuild
With Tuchel you could tell he loved the club and the passion showed. Potter is just doing a job and there is no passion.  The season is over unless we somehow miraculously win the champions league cos this is peak.
Before roman you were nothing. Now that he has left you are nothing. You are finished. Thats it. And i am Loving to see it 😂😂😂
Get rid of Potter and 90% of these tools
We have 4 Sporting/Technical Directors but no style of play. Bring back Petr Cech. Our standards have dropped so low
This is on Todd beohly and Behdad Eghbali for sacking TT and hiring mid-table mediocre.
Younes rn you are literally arsenal fan two years ago, and guess where they are rn, there are standard but you are just another chelsea fan that just want results, we have been switching around too long, is been less than 4 month, you laugh so much at arsenal saying “oh arteta is not the man for arsenal”. “This is not arsenal’s STANDARD” sounds familiar?
I really like ur analysis, hope things get better,💖
Welcome to Hell Younes
Otilo!!! It's gone!!!
We played so many freaking back passes. good lord!  and Jorginho is the biggest scam ever. How this guy has survived for a little over 4 years in chelsea is beyond me.
I done with these players! FFS they need to go! Havertz, Jorginho, Mount, Gallagher, Ziyech, Azpi, Cucurella, get a refund on Koulibaly and that fraud Aubam-whatever, get the F out! And pass by the hospital and take Pulishit with you! I'm done! These players are on 6 figure wages and offer absolutely nothing!
We are going to finish empty handed this season, under Tuchel we never finished a season empty handed!!
I never thought I could ever stop watching Chelsea play but that is what I have done the most part of this season. I had to be careful with my mental health. The truth is the UK government finally got what they wanted and the new owners don't have an idea of how a football club should be run. I will only return to watching Chelsea play when they put their house in order. Self love first. My fellow Chelsea fans I wish us well going forward. As for Bohley  and Co it's not to late to retrace your steps. You actually have a lot to loose as well. You put a lot of money into this and you need to recoup asap. You urgently need to  correct your grave mistakes before it's too late. I come in peace.
I agree with you but if potter gets sacked these players will be given a clean slate and yet again the cycle of underperforming players remaining at the club will continue. The club needs to learn from their mistakes dating back from years
We don't have midfielders who can receive the ball and turn and face our opponents, all our so called attacking midfielder pass where they are facing(Gallagher,Mount, Jorgihno) that's why Chelsea is not dangerous.
These players don't believe in Potter's tactics, you can see it all over the pitch. We need a massive clear out: Zyech Pulisic Azpiligueta Gallagher Mount Jorginho, Havertz, Kepa, Mendy, Koulibaly. Oh and  Potter out, I don't see and improvement more likely we're getting worse by game.
Potter have to go
I expected to lose comfortably today as I think we all did. It's not the losing, I'm ok with losing football matches, every team loses football matches but it's how you lose. Today was unacceptable from all angles. Injuries or no injuries. There was still hundreds of millions of pounds worth of football players in our team. There was no fight, no desire and no attempt to even have a go. There was nothing. It was like they aren't even interested anymore.  Regarding Potter, I really want to trust him but I'm seeing absolutely nothing from him about what our identity is and I think he hasn't truly understood that he is the manager of Chelsea now and not Brighton.   The senior more experienced players are who I'm most dissappointed with and that counts as the likes of Mount in this scenario. I have never seen a Chelsea team in my lifetime who has looked this weak and this toothless. I'm nervous watching Chelsea now. We never look like even having an attempt on goal let alone scoring a goal. I mean, we're 10 points off the relegation zone and it's halfway through the season 😂.  But I also think that we mustn't forget we would not be in this situation if Roman wasn't forced to sell Chelsea.
POTTER does not impress ANY of these players. He has won NOTHING. Some of these players have won nearly everything with BETTER managers. Nobody is listening to him. Some of these players have won the CL, the EURO, the WC, the Copa America, Europa, or the ACN. Some have been pretty deep in these competitions, and even English competitions. They can see right through him: he does not know how to manage at this level. His staff is even worse.
No Pep, we can’t give Potter more time. We’re hemorrhaging!
I change to a Liverpool fan today🎉🎉🎉🎉
Maybe Zidane might not have been such a bad choice after all
We are champion of second best.Avoid relegation,sell all the non consistent high earners get new young blood
It has taken you 2 years to realize what you are saying now. I always knew this. I am a regular on your channel and I have always told you that you underestimate how useless some of these players are. I told you this
mary jane in spider man no way home said,..........when u expect disappointment,,u will not be disappointed in the end
Bereft of ideas, desire, passion and moreover quality. Players are a shambles andPotter is an utter embarrassment. Sod them!
Sad to see you man like this it is hilarious but ig up younes  respect 🤣🤣👏👏
This is beyond shambolic, I stopped watching immediately after man it scored the first goal. I just knew it wasn’t gonna end well. And boy was I right😅
Younes I don't think this Chelsea players are still going for training. Please someone needs to go. This totally unacceptable by me
Back pass fc
FFS this a project, it will take time. As CFC fans we have been spoilt with repeated success. The new ownership want to build, building takes time for gods sake. STOP being so reactionary and I cannot believe you are calling for the manager to get sacked. That’s is disgraceful. So we finish mid table, but take steps to improve our dysfunctional squad, that cannot happen immediately. You must realise this. Patience is what what we need & to commit to the plan. Anymore outrageous calls for the manager to go will mean I will not follow your channel anymore, this project needs time no matter how painful some of the short term lows are. Do you not remember some of Brighton’s woeful performances at the start of their journey with Potter?
Youness you have spoke for every true Chelsea fan,
I am sick of the losses but it time we let Potter go 🤔🤔🤔🤔
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Potter out? 😂😂😂😂😂
sell mount,gallagher,jorginho,havertz,koulibally,pulisic,azpi and ziyech asap
CHELSEA WENT TO MAN CITY 4-NOTHING 🙆🏾‍♂️😭
As a Chelsea fan, I already made up my mind to Chelsea playing against Swansea next season at the championship, with this manager and the mindset he has created in the mind of the players, we are relagating. No top 4 this season.
When TT was fuming You all called him a failure.  same players same problems
Mahrez's free kick goal was phenomenal , absolute masterclass ... And World-class ...
I think the only reason potter got this job was because he could speak good English than TT used to. Todd would struggle listening to TT speak.
You are the only Chelsea content creator speaking the truth about the situation right now. There is no hating of Potter he is not meant to be there at Chelsea.
Bring TT back !!! Potter out and Tod boely out
Is now obvious that this players don't want to play for Potter, there's no way this players can suddenly become this terrible if not for the reason that they're not buying Potter's ideas/philosophy, you can't get rid of 20+ players but you can get rid of the Coach, case solved...
Oh shit🤯🤯  it's red today 😭😭😭
It’s time for these Ultras to come to the realisation that their star boy Mason Mount is crap. He’s not at the level. Let the sentiment go and ship him off to Sheffield Wednesday or Portsmouth. He is holding this club back.
Potter is very average manager signing him big mistake from Boehly. He takes some of the blame. Chelsea looks mediocre
When are you going to introduce your wife Younes?
Pple,even Potter is going to be sacked really 🙄 just observe the highlights how players were playing.Players fucked the game starting with Kai fucking handball.Jorginho 😳, Kovacic, Kepa.Some players need to leave Chelsea instantly.We needed 4,3,3 formation but still some players are awfullllllll even Mount, Gallagher awfullllllll.Let Potter remain as the wishes of Todd but he has to assess players what he failed to do en sacked TT 😢.Even my village club will give City hard time.
Get tt back
Mason mount wants a renewal ha ha. Also kai havertz get out
I like how Younes gives it to you straight every time. I really can't stand the toxic positivity some supposed Chelsea fans spew. We are in the sh!t, no two ways about it.
younnes you are tired but your mason mount is plain shit
Absolutely! Look at madrid. I don't like them but my god look at their hunger for success! They don't care about their legends too. If u are not performing at madrid level you're getting sold. Ramos being a prime example of this.
Potter out now Disgrace
It’s time to go for Potter . Wrong managerial choice .
Mount was a disgrace today and he wants 300k a week
Where are those scums who said hiring Potter was a good decision?
Fun fact we had 0 shots in the first half lol
The same people who critisized Tuchel,now critisize Potter....
The coach should be sacked QED
For everyone saying potter out and tuchel won the champions league, I have a few questions. 1. Who would you bring in ? Can any manager do miracles with this team ? 2. That champions league win. Get over it. Kante had 4 back to back MoM performances in that. He is injured. Reece and Chilwell are injured. Rudiger is gone. Timo is gone. Havertz has been shit and he is still living off that one single goal. No one is getting the context. 3. Do you realise that if pep becomes Chelsea manger tomorrow, 70% of this squad will be gone. 4. We were (and still are to some extent) without a proper structure at the club. Medical staff, directors etc. A club is not just about 1 manager and 20 players.   The only solution to this is getting rid of these players who do nothing. Havertz is so lazy man. It hurts.
This club will kill me one day😭😭😭😭
How many times do we have to say this but NO MANAGER CAN DO ANYTTHING WITH THESE PLAYERS. Pep would be just as bad with this bunch so you cant judge any manager. Name a manager that would come to this mess.
Absolute DISGRACE!!! More than 50% of the "Original Senior Team" does not want to be there, let them go, what are we waiting for?. We are at the lowest point of the cycle and it is going to take 5-10 years for something promising and for the team to have some cohesion. There is no leadership,  they have no grit, no teeth, no gut....... nothing. The team is in shambles. And the English media is so hypocritical,  if Potter was a foreign coach,  there would be loud voices against him. He cannot manage a CHELSEA TEAM, he lacks passion, it just cannot work.
potter out
it's already done for me
Chelsea is bigger than POTTER. Honestly, forget the injuries and take a look at how he addresses the team, no fight no fucking fire no fucking tactics and the players don’t know what they are doing. The way he use the players in terms of positioning will tell you POTTER doesn’t know what he is doing. BIGGER THAN POTTER. Get me another coach immediately.
I don't understand why boely is not firing Potter, which football is he watching
Couple things to say on this one. Positive is we were decent till the first mahrez goal and zakaria looks good. Koulibaly is so rash and his passing was criminal and has been in literally every game I watch him. Jorgi... I appreciate what he’s done for the club but he’s not Chelsea. He’s so weak and is dated to sarriball which personally I hated. Time for him to leave imo. Mounts £300k plea... mate no. Where does he go when we need him? In his shell. Like everyone else when things don’t go our way or the atmosphere is a bit hostile or plan A isn’t working. Havertz is absolute trash. I’m sick of him riding on that champions league glory. He offers absolutely nothing going forward and is lazy all round. Hand ball being textbook  evidence. Couldn’t be bothered / too scared to go up with Laporte cos he might get hurt. Bunch of utter cowards and pussies who just collect their pay check and the ends of the week - bar zakaria, Hall and kova. Humpreys didn’t do anything wrong either
Show me an English coach employed by any big team, playing well and winning trophies. I doubt anyone can mention 1 or 2. The truth is that English media hype both English players and managers and that is not doing much of a good to these guys. Mentality is so weak. Watching CFC play like they did today hurts like hell! 💔💔
We didn't even get out of 2nd gear all match. After the 2nd goal, you lot just gave up. Tbh I would give Potter time, because even tho he isn't doing well atm, it isn't his fault his players just don't even try. You are going through a rebuild just like Arsenal were a couple years ago, and it will take time for you to return to your best. In the meantime it will be painful and frustrating.
I’m actually glad that we are out of these cup competitions. Too many players injured, no proper starting line up, no consistency, it all looks so depressing right now. As unlikely as it looks, I seriously hope we can focus on top 4. I don’t have any hope but top 4 would be a massive achievement considering the circumstances.  So sad to see how far we’ve fallen man!!!
I never dream that Chelsea would be this low we look like a championship side
P O T T E R O U T
Potter trash
What I understand right now. Is that this guys don't believe in potter,  Even if the board believe in potter to take them to the future of young players of great team. Give this same injury team to Thomas tuchel it won't be as bad as this. The player themselves doesn't believe in  potter coaching system... That's what is happening in Chelsea football club right now...
An American comes to my club where they play soccer takes away my club in name of ukranian war from a ruthless russian who just wants to win and replaces a German genius with an english clown who dont know what he is doing....THAT SUMS UP MY CLUB😑😑😑😑
That red background is every fan right now: raging
I'll say it again. Letting Thomas Tuchel go is the one the greatest mistake chelsea has made.
Koulibaly,  Havertz,  Kepa, Jorginho, Cucurella, Sterling, Ziyech , Pulisic all absolute Mercineries...Stealing a wage & couldn't care less about this club
You know it’s serious if Younes is asking for Potter’s head.
Potter is not serious .. why do you make 6 changes, yet we don't have first 11 ..You play the team that payed well against them earlier..Zakaria was unbelievable in the last game .why beach him, chikuweemeka brilliant, on the bench too,  I trust the process but this guy might not be right guy for the Job..  The subs of today ..why play mount yet he  was injured ...then we are 3 down , as a coach you decide to bing in azpi ..really ? .. am just tired of this team .. we need to bring in Enzo ..coz our mid is done ... We luck quality ..
Younes is always truthful. Been waiting too long for your review! Thank you, bro!
Keep faith everyone we will get there,  I know it's peak transition period and we need to improve asap but there have been copious amounts of crucial injuries, long term recruitment problems in key positions, completely new ownership, new board, new vision, new manager coming in at a time when we are struggling.. I want character, fight, personality, tactics style etc but reality is it's going to take some resilience as fans and some major repairs. COYB 💙🦁💛
Jorginho BTW omg so bad
I implore you to listen to Frank Leboeuf's rant on EPSN. So much truth spoken!
Please let potter go he can't lead Chelsea any where as a coach
Sleep on it and you'll be grand
Potter out. Man is not the level we need. Id been sayin it since the start with my fam laughhng... they aint laughin no more ttough are they. This team was near tye top this time last year. Pretty much this exact team one the champions league and the big difference is the level of manager. Disgraceful, weve got no identity and no drive and our tactical set up is garbage.
Dude I don’t care how much tactics you want to implement on that team we ain’t going nowhere, simply because our first team players are bench players at best. You can’t teach passing the ball backwards that is on the players not the manager.
Hazard must come back no matter how much it costs us. This time as a player coach, just like xavi' at Barcelona
I checked the stats and saw that Tuchel lost 15 games ....we already have 7 losses with GP
That is what happens when you sack a manager and hire a Potter........!!
Sack potter ffc
Its crazy how everything has gone wrong. A lot of players need to leave or we riot. We need midfielders badly. If we dont get a result against Fulham and the performance is bad I will be potter out. We cant be getting slapped around like that anymore. Plus Potter doesn’t have the experience to deal with all our issue. We need Zidane or Enrique level manager. Im tired
POTTER MUST LEAVE ASAP.. He is NOT ready to manage at this level..SIMPLE
Kova  and Jorginho  and Kulibal  never convinced me   bullshit
We are suffering
Graham Potter OUT!
Trust the process is next best scam line I heard after we are from government and we are here to help........PROCESS MY ASSS😑😑😑
Lewis Hall passed backwards  no aggressive
As a Liverpool fan, I have nothing but respect for this guy. He’s straight to the point and brutally honest. Both us and Chelsea are suffering at the minute so we are burning in hell together.
Hmmm I don’t even feel anything anymore..  Sad!
Bring back TT
exactly! You dont appreciate what you have till you lose. Tuchel was having a bad result, but he as proved his worth at big stage and needed backings. Instead, he arrogantly sacked him and appointed a carpenter to run a team.
Potter out🙌🏼
Always the Manager with a Chelsea Fans!! Frank out , Conte out , Jose out , T.T out. I am only 32 and Have seen probably over 20 managers that is Ridiculous!! Stop blaming the manager this same Midfield  been chit since Cesc left and the Kante Injuries continue!.
Yep Potter doesn’t seem to motivate even the more consistent players . He has got to go he’s bland and flat and we are playing bland and flat . Plus some players need to go now
Younes... Potter and a bunch of player needs to leave straight away.... and your watch along needs to get back asap...
We can keep Potter till the end of the season but ultimately Boehly should swallow his pride and bring back Thomas Tuchel. #bringbacktuchel
Potter is a coach with a weak personality and not a coach for a big team like Chelsea. Building a project on him is nothing but a waste of time, effort and money, because in the end it will be said. The best thing is to dismiss now and bring in a coach with a strong personality who can deal with pressures and players, because the first step to correcting the trend is to dismiss Potter.
This is very cringe Younes not gonna lie. Just give the man time, don't be so reactive
The red face says it all!!!
Lots of you lots were so excited because we matched city in our last match(we still lost) and now we get thrashed by a weaker city side. This gives me the lampard vibe all over again, I remember when lamps said Chelsea were not ready to win titles and compete with city and then Tuchel came in and beat city 3times in a role. Building a team around an inexperience manager is risky, we will keep making excuses.
We should of never got rid of super TUCHEL
All that Hire Sack has finally caught on with us.🚨
I feel Bad to say this but Mr Potter is not good enough for Chelsea. No direction No progress No urgency
Now you see why TT had to play wb he didn’t got an option so he had to use him wether he played like shit but now I understand why TT did what he had to do with playing players out of position
he's lost record unbelievable now and there's always an excuse every single game when Lampard came in he didn't have many  players he had to get Academy players and he still won a lot more games. He said we need it improve our position in the league no we need to improve our manager
salute to younes he exposed potter and this lot from early and got nothing but flack from the positivity merchants...you all owe younes an apology
I can’t even critic chelsea anymore, we are beyond pathetic, clueless, bad , horrible, shambolic. We can only pass the ball backwards perfectly. No leaders on the team. Coach looks scared on the sidelines, owners wants to run a football team that millions find joy in like an egocentric personal investment firm. Harry Potter is the  worst Chelsea coach ever. Even Di Mateo won us a Champions League. At this point, we have to be realistic, the Americans with the help of the English govt has ruined chelsea football club
I'm shocked Potter still featured useless Jorginho. I'm so done with stubborn Potter and those players. I'm done!
Get Tuchel Back Now!!!!!!!!
City to beat us 3x hurts more than anything, I’m full potter out
Bring back Thomas
One bad apple spoils the whole apple tree 😔
Younes please keep a little quite potters can’t win man city with those players let’s be sincere potter is going no where let them get players in we have 10 injuries and you’re here saying is time for potter to go mate can you win match with this squad we have and is man city with load of qualities 🤫🤫
The red lighting makes it fitting how pissed you are Younes 😂
Hate bringing tuchel into this but do they panic and bring him back if they do sack potter or have pride and get someone else
Today was an absolute disgrace. Something needs to change and we need to revamp our midfield.
After the free kick goal i turned the TV off. Forget this season and forget top four or even top 6.
So disgraceful
I miss Super Thomas Tuchel and Roman Abramovic.. Any idea who is Graham potter and Todd boehly?
Please do what need a protest at the bridge on Potter out, injuring are no excuse please
Pep said give Graham Potter Time I know Chelsea will shine if given time just like Man United
Please do what need a protest at the bridge on Potter out, injuring are no excuse please
6losses in 8 games if am right
Sad sad sad
😂😂😂 is the background RED LiGHT means we are in hell at the moment 😂😂😂 always on point bro. Thanks
Younes is angry even the lights are red I know the pain potter need to leave an alot of players also
Man got chelsea funeral lights
It's good we loose so we can get something doing. The players need to go. We need fresh and young talents that wanna play for the badge. I'm done!
I’m so piss of performance of Chelsea
YOUNES MATE WHO WOULD BE BRING IN FFS MATE WHO WHO MATE WHO DO WE BRING IN IF WE SACK HIM?! THIS AGENDA IS STUPID, DON’T BLAME THIS MANAGER THESE PLAYERS ARE FUCKING SHITE. YOU WANTED LONG TERM AND SUSTAINABILITY BUT YOU ARE STUCK IN YOUR ABRAMOVIC WAYS! I GET IT YOU’RE FRUSTRATED SO ARE WE BUT POTTER IS 3 MONTHS OLD IN THIS CLUB BRUV BE THE DIFFERENCE YOU WANT TO MAKE!! NO MANAGER WILL COME IN NOW AND GET US OUT OF THIS SHITE, NO PRE SEASON, NO SPENDING OF HIS ON THE PLAYERS OF HIS CHOICE, YOUNES MATE!
It was a disgrace m8 I'm fuming
What a delectable medley of footballing splendour!!!!
It's time 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥⌚ Time to go port out
It’s high time you guys put some respect on tuchels name, dude beat pep 3times  but here this coach can’t
Over paid when we all finding money hard they don’t care to wear the cfc shirt
We are in hell indeed😂😂😂😂😂
Sacking a manager 3 months into a 6 year deal. Dont be so ridiculous
Younes spitting as always
This team lack Identity!! I don't even recognize this team!! Why keep Zakaria and chukwuemeka on the bench? Why???
Potter should go, I see nothing from him... The team is too big for him
These players are a joke
I hope we lose more games so it would compel Boehly to sack this inexperienced coach who fails to Learn from his mistakes! I’m not sad as a Chelsea fan cos it never surprises me
Sad sad sad
I miss MR Audi TT😭
Ive never been this hyped for a reaction video
I recorded the game so I can watch it after work. Should I even watch it?
For those who are tuchel OUT you get what you want in potter, 433 formation and chances for youngsters for the unforseenable future. I here by congratulate you all for that, we deserved potter.. No more potter OUT you guys asked for it.. well played 👍🏻
Funny when you think tuchel was sacked for Potter.
You know when Younes is advocating for anyone to get sacked, it’s valid.
It’s sad
Seeing jorginyo starting over zakaria is horrible and nonsense blad
I just said to my friend that you would do a better job than that bloke
Say it louder!
