[Tested Premium/Patron Exclusive] Adam Savage in Real Time: Fashioning a Hammer Handle From Scrap: https://youtu.be/ja75t1oeQs0 Join this channel to support Tested and get access to perks: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiDJtJKMICpb9B1qf7qjEOA/join
Nice build...and thanks for the We Will Rock You beat during the handle insert.
Glad I’m not the only person with a seemingly random cast iron pan hanging in their shop
Damn, I'm jealous.  I have a good need for a short term use of a mill to make a mod to an arbor press...But I don't have a metal shop.  The fact that Adam can just decide to make a hammer on a whim...JEALOUSY.
Finnish off to the intro on the hammers to we will rock you 😂👍
We have rain in the UK, 364 days a year, the day we don't have rain it's summer..😂
27:45 WEEE WILL WEEE WILL ROCK YOOO
About to do an axe handle out of some oak scrap that's been on my todo list for a year. Thanks for the inspiration!
I recently renovated my kitchen and the goods arrived on EU pallets. I have long wanted to build a workshop in one half of my storage room (10 sqm) so I sawed the pallets into pieces (there were A LOT of pallets) and started building a workbench, a saw table, etc., etc. Now when I see rubble outside lately I immediately think "oooh, that would be good material to build something with". I have neighbours who are renovating their houses too and I really want to ask them to dump all the wood at my place instead of throwing it away. It's such a shame when I see perfect wood lying there in their lawns, completely ruined by water. So I completely understand your comment at 02:10 :-P
"I'm abouta hit that, and I'm gonna hit it nice and hard, and I'm also gonna make sure it's on something hard.......whey hey it worked" 28:43 😂 the tone of voice made it. Calm to utter joy
Anneal it first.
You, sir, are an incorrigible collector of strange things.
27:45 Anyone else think of We Will Rock You?
Looks like an antique iron window weight. I have a few.
I know Adam is more of a "form over function" guy unless it's an experiment, as he loves props and the aesthetics. But at the point of learning that it's not the right type of steel for a hammer, and a pain in the arse to work with, and dangerously brittle as a hammer why go any further with that idea? Why spend all that effort making something that resembles something practical, but ultimately is junk. That metal could have been used for a different project where the material properties are advantageous. I know Adam loves props, but why would he take a form over function approach for something that strictly needs to be functional?
I can’t believe you have not hammered something with your new hammer. I’m devastated!
Since I recently dipped my toes into the realm of metal working, I have likewise become a scrounge for scrap….and it’s worsened when I also discovered how to cast aluminum from molten cans, lids, pull tabs, etc., then mill up parts on my lathe! Also…I never throw away usable hardware. 😁
Hammer Horror
To the guy seeing this saying that’s my pin!   Hi!
and you lost my attention with the AT-AT 7:00
9:20 this is backwards! Faster cooling = more amorphous, slower = bigger crystals. This is kind of unintuitive because we think crystal = rock = hard, but in many materials, particularly metals all bending happens inside individual crystals and stops at the boundaries. So if you want it to be softer you want bigger Crystals and cool it slower.
what song is this 13:40
The handle is a bit chunky. Maybe that’s why you feel the proportions are wrong?
TY 4sharing
that type of rain is called drizzle
I'm not a machinist, but I feel like Adam is far too impatient for the speed machining needs , brute forcing that drill through the metal. I think Adam would agree? :P
How are you going to make a video of making a hammer ... and then not hammer something with it?!? lol
Will make a good hammer for sheet metal forming.
I know I am late to this video, but I appreciate the Laurie Anderson quote...
When he is hammering the head into the haft it sounded like We Will Rock You by Queen to me - as an aside I pick up stuff of the streets for models but never to make my own tools.
That's like a ten dollar bolt.
We will, we will, rock you!
That light mizzly rain the Irish call "a soft day"
19:57 🎶🎵🎶🎵
i'm curious did the AT/AT get a little melty during the annealing?
How are you going to keep  your hammer  from sahttering upon impact? Iam not an engineer  but i do know hammer heads are made out of a special steel.
I’m sure someone has already mentioned this as this is older vid ,but I’d thought I’d mention it as I see people often not able to identify metals on a few channels , ,,  Adam , look up and maybe do a podcast on “spark testing metal identification “ ie high carbon steel has short fine sparks that don’t have crackles , mild steel has long bright sparks that have lots of crackle, stainless is different and high grades are non magnetic but some pseudo stainless is magnetic, but the quick easy thing is spark test , maybe I’ll do a vid on it , we were taught this as youngsters in trade school,, “tafe”regards , Dan the Aussie welder
Just googled pin gauge sets, they are not unreasonable for a hobbyist.well done Adam I admire people with the ability to do a complex task .
❤ Oh Adam! This hammer, IMO could be perfect for rounding text block spines for when you decide to make a gothic style book. 😊
So you send the metal into a dance rave and then they settle down into a square-dance as they cool?
In the UK we call that rain “drizzle” wets you through!
Awsame.  I see it as a japanese hammer
The flt tip of your drill bit does not cut, so the pilot bit needs to be just a tad larger than the flat bit friend.  Looking at that hog hole you tried to bore, I'd run a 1/4" pilot, then a clearing size just under the final size, and let that nice big big just do a final trueing on the hole.
That;s a nice bolt ya got there Adam.
At 28:00 when Adam is putting the wedge in the top of the hammer the rhythm was making me think of the start of We Will Rock You by Queen.
27:45 "we -will - we -will- rock you"😀
“You gotta doonk doonk and a pah pah” easy on the technical terms there, Adam
Anyone else start singing Queen when he was putting the wedge in the handle?
Bro didnt even try it?
You've literally polished a turd before, and now you have machined one.  31:34 That hammer takes me back 17years to primary school, wood tech class, making co2 powered Bolsa wood dragsters
I started singing Queen when he was tapping that wedge in.
Clap clap Stop!  We will, We will, Rock you!  Lol when you were pinning the hammer you were jamming to Queen!
Beautiful! It deserved a brass wedge but I still give it an A+
10:05 *"Okay, ehm, I'm getting hard"* -Adam Savage, talking about chocolate and steel tempering
This week on "Adam Savage Destroys a Murder Weapon"! ;)
You live in San Fran?! Why?!  Edit: what a shithole
Typical savage. All form, no function 😂
Am I the only one that would like to see Adam and AVE swap places for a vidjayo?
27:45 all together now
Adam is all scroungy scroungy. I love it.
The torch phase, it's called annealing. Heating the steel just below its Curie temperature removes hardening and tempering. Frankly, I'd have forged it. A few less major steps, I get to control tempering and hardness. Oh, Curie temperature is when steel loses its attraction to a magnet. Loads of physics involved...
Your description of San Francisco weather sounds VERY like what we have here in Western Australia (Perth). And we have the long droughts and rain years too.
Beautiful! I was a bit surprised that you don't have a wood turning lathe?  Or do you, but just preferred to make the handle by hand? The end result was really special, however.  Thank you for sharing the making of this tool with us all.
Probably case hardened since it resisted the file, but cut to the bandsaw.
As a related to the tempering talk note-- as you were explaining the process of steel molecular structures changing, you were not considering that the steel vice that you had the piece clamped in was also undergoing the same process and actually slowing down the process in the piece you were annealing. I learned this many years ago when I was making my first copper habaki and couldn't figure out why the copper wouldn't anneal 😂  It seems you were able to overcome the vice, though.  Generally your best bet is a forge, or you can place the workpiece on a firebrick.
Probably much ado about nothing, but it might be a good idea to pick up a Geiger counter if you’re going to be picking up large metal objects. Just a thought.
27:45 We will, we will, rock you!
I really admire your ability to look at something and see that within it there exists a completely different object - and then to draw out that new object as something beautiful and useful from what was once rusty detritus.
More $$ in gas than buying a new chunk of usable steel.
I'm actually using a hammer that looks an awful lot like this at my job a lot right now!  It's used for when you've welded together sheets of steel and you wanna take the tension out of it.   Now the one I'm using has a flat side and lightly rounded one both polished to a mirror finish to avoid leaving marks. But you essentially just every so slowly "tap" down the length of your weld essentially smushing it juuuust the right amount "stretching" the material back out. (I don't know the actual name for it in english but just directly translating it leads to "Plate hammer")  Add on some grinding and you can essentially TIG weld any two flat sheets of metal together and have it come back out perfectly flat and looking like you were never even there.
The metal shavings are great to combine and create Damascus blades just a wee idea that works😊
♫ 27:45 We will, We will, rock you! ♫
'I can see two tiny pictures of myself And there’s one in each of you eyes. And they’re doin’ everything I do. Every time I light a cigarette, they light up theirs. I take a drink and I look in and they’re drinkin’ too. It’s drivin’ me crazy. It’s drivin’ me nuts.'  Sharkey's Night 'Laurie Anderson' Word read by William S. Burroughs
Love the William S Burroughs quote! I know it from Laurie Anderson's Sharkey's Night but I dare say it's famous elsewhere as well.
Man that Clapper Board has seen some shoots lmao. Is that every shoot Adam has done on Tested?
Your hammer eye should be a hourglass profile.  Parallel internally isn't nearly as secure a fitting.
I polish my hammerhead as often as I can, though it should be noted, it is not polished nearly as often as it was when I was younger….
I recommend looking into getting a spokeshave for shaping your next wooden handle. These are simple tools that are a joy to use, originally used by wheelwrights for shaping (you guessed it) the spokes on wooden wheels.
Love it.  Not sure how to get that all in a stryfe though.  Maybe Motorcycle relay would be better.
Reminds me of a bucket pin
Another way to heat without adding heat is induction heaters, they use changing magnetic fields to agitate metal.
Could have missed it, but the eye should be milled (or forged) to an hour glass shape. If it was only milled straight, that is likely why the head kept walking off the handle when you were trying to install the wedge.
What’s the big deal? People in plastic sandals do this all day every day in other countries.
Anyone else thinking "We will we will rock you!"" at the 27:46 mark?
Adam: "And now I'm going to Polish it!" Machine:"Bdzzzzzzzzz" Hammerhead: cześć, jak się masz, o co to kurwa! aaaah!" Adam: I'm really.. I'm quite happy with this hammer head. It's quite a nice Finnish it's a happy Finish! Hammerhead: "Nie jestem Finishem, jestem Polakiem i jestem nieszczęśliwy"
You lost me when at 4:32 when you said "Mill". I was looking for some white hot metal shaping.
That's one of the pins that hold a shipping container onto a chassis trailer to be pulled by a semi. It's pretty common for them to fall off. It's very common to go to the rail yard and pick one up and only have three pins left on it lol. This picture shows the two different kinds. http://www.chassisking.com/images/products/regular/drop-in-twist-locks-drop-in-twistlock.jpg
Adam, you're wrong to say it's not like that in the PNW. Never-ending light mist and drizzle are the standard weather in winter, at least where I live just east of Seattle proper. Proper thunky rain or storms are pretty few and far between.
Next time... Why don't we just forge it?  It'll be a better hammer in the long run, and you can still machine it after the fact if you really feel the need.  ;)
most of these types of pins are case hardened
Bad form, Adam. You are supposed to end a hammer build video by actually hammering something with the hammer.
It pains me to watch people making a wooden handle when they have no clue with regard to grain direction. At 27:19 you can see that Adam has got it completely wrong. For maximum resistance to breaking, face grain must be aligned with the wider left and right sides of the handle, with the edge grain along the narrower front and back edges. When viewed from the top hole of the hammer, the end grain should be pointing in the direction of the swing. On wooden baseball bats, the label is always imprinted on the face grain, and it was widely known that hitting the ball with the label side could easily break the bat. The optimum alignment of grain in hammer and axe handles is either forgotten knowledge or simply ignored these days.
I made bean to bar chocolate for three years. Nice little chocolate knowledge nugget drop!
Yup.  I’m in Oakland and this raininess reminds me of what it was like when I was a kid in the Bay Area.
Can you imagine realizing Adam Savage took your garbage and made a hammer out of it?
“Amorphic” basically all higgle-dy piggle-dy
What an excellent channel you have. A workshop like a workshop should be - organized chaos and a craftsman that does what real craftsmen do - objects drop to the floor, fingers get slightly bruised and things do not  always go to plan. A joy to watch!  And the hammer is pretty nice as well. Merry Christmas
Adam Savage talking about nostalgia is crazy for me.
Merry Christmas S.B. One of a few good things the world still has to offer is staring me right in the eyes. Best regards. Godspeed
that big ole chunk of wood is FUR, i knew it instantly. perfect for an indestructible handle.
If you think it is garbage, can I have it?
My body can anneal chocolate really well.
That is a pretty, fracking piece of equipment.
A thought occurred to me about 3/4 of the way through this build. I waited till the end to be sure, so here it is:  Of the tools Adam used to create a hammer from garbage, I own a wood rasp, a pencil, some sandpaper and a hammer.   So if I was lucky enough to find the materials on the street, all I'd need to do is buy: an oxy-acetylene torch; a machinist's mill (with several milling tools); a metal lathe (with several cutting tools); a bandsaw (or two); a polishing wheel (or two); some polishing compound; a belt sander; a cabinetmaker's razor saw; a paring chisel; and a wedge for the handle. Then after spending many many many hours learning a whole bunch of skills that I currently lack, and clearing out enough space in the garage for all the new power tools, I too could make a hammer from scrap. (Or maybe I'd be better off to just go _buy a hammer_ !! )
Adam it's great you're just a big screwball as we are
Hello from the Netherlands! Question: what music is played at 24:32? Shazam does’nt recognized it… Thanks in advance!
There's something extraordinarily satisfying about making something useful or useless & beautiful out of garbage/trash.  I starting taking it in a different direction 20-25 yrs ago when I built my first piece of shop equipment out of, essentially, scrap.  I bought a '50's era DeWalt Radial Arm Saw for $50 & turned it into a T-slot tabled, metal cutting beam saw, which has become my main metal cutting tool.  Nearly 25 yrs later, I have a number of tools, made from trash, to turn other garbage intobsomething worth while.  My current shop equipment is a dual 1" belt sander made w/ junk yard serpentine belt drive & idler pulleys, (Mopar), & a '60's era DeWalt/Black & Decker radial arm saw w/ broken chassis parts, but a good motor.  In the planning stsges is a Frankenstein collet lathe out of a mystery mill atrachment to a threading machine (?), some 1.5" precison shafts & linear bearings from a plastic eye glass lens cutting saw, a pair of recirc ball screws from a mystery piece of equipment & what will be the coumpound & cross slide from a mountain of metrology/optical alignment equipment I inherited from a friend.  I'd been looking for a big azz piece of cast iron w/ plenty of gravity to use as the foundation & main structure when I got to watching YT vids about epoxy granite, looking for methods of adding rigidity & mass to a mid-sized mill.  Couple of dozen videos & a few months to sautê & I decided to fab up a scrap steel skeleton, get everything installed, aligned & functioning, then add mass to it with a concrete-epoxy soup.  Gives me something to live for...
7:00 That Swiss army knife thing on the wall is really cool
Band Saw!!
Adam got hardening backward. Quenching makes the hot dancing atoms freeze in their dance positions so the crystals are tangled, and can't move passed each other making it harder. Slow cooling gives more time for the crystals to line up so they can slide passed  making  it softer.
Please please PLEASE no gloves when using the wire wheels.  If they snag, you lose a hand.  If the wire snags your flesh, you just lose some skin.  This rule applies to most rotating machinery.
I’m betting this was a hitch pin. As such, it’s probably made from chro-moly steel like 4140 or similar.
I am a chocolatier and a weekend woodworker and have told people about the similarities between tempering chocolate and steel,people do not believe me thanks for the clarification.
Keeping ya company please don’t let me get you off track .  How we fix this ☝️🧐💭 it happens to me ?  What was I just about to do ? Oh what I’m doing 😂 lol .
It’s a perfect Hammer  🔨☝️😎👍 Melt it down an add the element to a percentage from Hi bar steel  From a like !!  ☝️🧐 👍 💭 Rail road track metal. Just use safety precautions you it all too well worrier of the Man cave  ☝️😎👍 just please don’t bang ‼️ hammer 🔨 heads together. Whew bad dangerous fragments can fling pop 💥 in totally unpredictable ways. Size shape, some like pepper size bits of razor blade edges, including the atom sized electro microscopic pieces the size of atoms ⚛️ invisible to the 👁️ eye . To give a example of they are hard to see to human eyes 👀 like 1 inch - side to side in a line measure 📏 equals 🟰 💯 billion Atoms ⚛️  It is Awesome 🤩 😂 ty I’ll be around I had to stop my fiber works great 😊 😃 💩 🚽 I’ve been trying to finish a movie scene and, sound I’ve been in suspense so I was constipated. 😂 always test the dye it could be spinning so fast 💨 to your eyes 💥   🤏👀 looks off  But it can twist a hand off or , worse .
You really should get into forging. It opens up so many possibilities.
The lathe intro track reminds me of Stellaris
27:46... The Every Tool's a Hammer song base line...
27:45 "we will we will, rock you...."  🤣
You are so correct, we repair:build: handyman people look at trash and see gold..😀..!!
Its probably my irrational fear of cutting my fingers off but jesus watching you use that lateral table band saw to cut that handle was makin my teeth grit
When you make a hammer out of garbage, and call it a garbage hammer, you don't WANT it to be perfect, you want it to be fine and nice :P it adds to it's character and charm.
thank you for the non scientific explanation makes it enjoyable for mere mortals to watch and learn. Frank from down under
You need better camera mounts the one you use now is all wobbly and affects the videos
I like how Adam says "wee-hoo" for nouns and "tuk" for verbs when his ADHD brain can't remember the words.  We know what he's talking about, the words are irrelevant ;-)
I have a question about the lathe. The fluid you used in shaping the hammer head, does it go down some kind of drain or is it sent to a tank where you can filter out the metal shavings and reuse the fluid again?
27:45 Adam, you're a boy, make a big noise, working in the cave, gonna make a big thing someday..
27:45 - 25:05 "We will, we will Rock You!" repeat as desired.
That’s actually really nice. I’m afraid that your handle may break. The best ones have a tapered hole so that when you pound the wedge in it doesn’t squeeze the grain too much and it acts as a really strong mechanical bond
Every tool is indeed a hammer. And many other random objects are too.
Why does he live in San Francisco, that is the worst place ever, move to Texas or even san Diego or anywhere else lol
Only Adam can make a 1:20 long weather rant interesting...
Why didn’t you re-harden the metal?
That steel was not fully annealed. If you want to anneal most heat treatable steel you need to heat it past the transformation temperature (usually but not always around 1500F) and then cool it SLOWLY from that temperature. I like to bury it in wood ashes.  It can cool so slow it can still be warm after 12 hours.
At around 28:00 you seem to use a hammer to make this hammer.  How was the first hammer ever made then?! Huh? Smart guy.
MA E IN USA
Nice job, however I would have re hardened it and put facets on the handle only because the shape of the head that was made. If you put factet’s on the handle that align with the face it gives a bit better control while using it. This is merely a personal choice. But most all of my metal shaping hammers have them!
One man's garbage is another's treasure.
I have attempted a few times to make several types of hammers. The biggest problems I found was the length and diameter of the handle to give the hammer a perfect ballance. Too long and it is head heavy,, too short and it can hurt your wrist, too thick and your hammer can twist on the part you are hammering. To achieve a good ballance took a lot of trial and error, but once you get it right it is a pleasure to use.
Woulda been cool if the wedge was from the same scrap steel, make it a "completely free" hammer.   Very nice tool you made there.
Maybe you want to harden that hammer after all the work you put in
Loverly hammer,  it looks ideal for tapping dents out of aluminium or mild steel.
NO, NO, NO it's not stock. I learned that lesson years ago. Do you have one of those Rockwell hardness testers? I always had one to check hardness of metals. I tried repurposing found steel and needed to make a quality part. Needless to say the found metal was case hardened and was found to be useless for any parts that I wanted to make. One more thing there is a good reason that the handles for hammers  are made from hickory. Yes, "we will, we will rock you." It looks nice but will it work. The last two hammers you showed, I own examples of these and they're great
I pick up anything that looks like it's an uncommon gizmo, and if it's salvageable and can be used for something it comes home with me.  I have also used many of those things in projects and made good use of them, and it's a joy to find just the right thing just right for the job in box of mystery stuff, knowing It could take hours to make something similar if at all, or find something similar at McMaster Carr, Granger...  Your Hammer isn't garbage anymore!  It's a hammer!  You callin' my router table, and all sorts in my shop garbage?
Spoken like a true "pack rat"! See something that's been discarded.. Ohhhh. I might have a use for that.. 🤣😂
I'm kind of shocked that he has no forge or forge-making capability.
I enjoyed this because I saw no shortcuts just a lot of the usual hefty hand work and picking away at it till completion.
That's one Savage hammer.
I refer to the type of rain you're talking about as Mosquito piss.
"Now you cut to the first thing" - anyone remember when Adam would do that (paraphrased) in Mythbusters?  I miss my favourite show!  The World needs that show more than ever- testing claims.. shoud be the majority of shows IMO. x
i love how adam translated both side of the hammer by sounds and im sure everyone understood :D
@9:00 metallurgist here, another way to describe how annealing works is to talk about the grain structure of a metal. Metals have grain patterns just like wood but they can vary in size and shape, when a metal is hardened its grain structure looks like a pile of needles (called martensite) and this structure is very brittle. Essantally what annealing is doing is heating up the metals grain structure loosening the molecules and letting the metal cool slowly will change the grain structure to look more blobby (called austenite), hence why hardened tap will snap while a soft wood nail will bend when hit with a hammer.
That piece of stock looks like a shear pin!
"I'd hit that" 😂😂
Yeah, it's too short. You set the length using the little mallet, and then came back and traced the profile of a more comparable sized hammer, but it was about 2'' longer or so. I'm glad you addressed it at the end.
**Adam walks into a room filled with natural gas** Doesn't smell, cant be nefarious **takes big nostril filling breath**
As far as the proportions not being perfect, I’ve seen a tape measure being used as a hammer before. What really matters is that it works! And doesn’t break hahah.
It would be frigging hilarious to watch Adam try to do a one day build wearing rhjs thing.
You need a forge, bro
Adam, I call it SAD (Stock Acquisition Disease).  Once you are a maker, you tend to see scraps as potential stock for future projects.  Lol
Doesn't a hammer head need to be hardened again?
I have seen a bunch of comments about the dimple on the one side, I thought it would have been a great opportunity to drill and tap it out and use screw in composite heads.
Dang fine hammer, he could have hardened it. Thx for sharing
28:00 🎵“we will, we will, ROCK YOU!” 🎶
Someone left a stripped down wooden couch frame on a shopping cart on the corner of my block, what can I make with this?
I so wanted to see you hit something with it lol so much, love yall
Every tool (and potentially chunk of scrap) is a hammer!
Wow that is awesome. One mans trash....
Yup, it's a pivot pin for attachments on a tractor or other machinery.   As for the hardness...yes, too hard and it might chip in heavy use.   Annealed...not much danger of that.  Although safety glasses are  still indicated anytime you are hitting something big and hard with a hammer.   Especially a short handled hammer.   A full size sledge or similar...the risk is greatly reduced.
GIGO
"Tested" is my favorite addiction ever.
why not temper it?
the music is really good
10:06 lol adam.
Sounds like Scottish weather to me 😂
Sorry for being picky but I'd say you should have hardened it.
As a dude who frequently has osha training i screamed at the torch in that shop😳 i wouldve thought adam would know that
A valuable bit of wisdom was given to me by an expert craftsman many years ago and I have passed it on to many people, is "Perfection is the enemy of good enough". That said, "Why did you leave the dimple in the middle of the other side? Now you cannot ever use it. You should have left it long and narrow as that is something you could have used when necessary, or even squared off would be useful for sheet metal banging.
19:55 Sander: Let me sing you the song of my people!
Grain on the handle the other way next time. U want to strike with the edges of the grain, not the flats. Cool stuff!!
Re harden the head please! I thought for sure that step was coming but never did 😢
I would like to see you make a collapsible hammer I've never seen one or ever seen anyone make one.  I challenge you to do so cause if my hunch is right you would love a challenge.
You getting pretty good on that laith big boy.
You even have hair like Einstein    Adam Einstein      that's your next video   it shall be called Adam Einstein
The knots give it character 🙂
Because he made the handle way too skinny. And broke it before he even finished it.
Around 1980 we (people who lived in northern Illinois) had a strangely warm day. Even though it was almost New Years, it was in the 60's with a slight drizzle. A Chicago DJ called up another DJ in Los Angeles. The LA DJ asked how the weather was and the Chicago DJ said "fantastic. It's in the 60's and although its raining a little, it's really nice. How's the weather in LA ? ". The LA DJ answered "horrible. It's only in the 60's and it's raining a little ... ".
Wood from a pallet? garbage grade Spruce.
looks like a repurposed, worn-out jackhammer bit
I lived in the bay area until I was 8.  I remember the weather quite well, even though I left in the mid 70s.
That big flat hammer head would be perfect for rounding book bindings.
I think the explanation on annealing is backwards. Regular crystalline structures in metal are actually softer, since displacements and deformations propagate more easily along the lattice
Trust me adam the guy who lost that.  Quite likely.  Really needs it.  If only so his boss will stop bitching about him losing the pin!  Love your stuff.   Have been an avid Fan since the 2000s when you were on a different network doing different things with a team.  And I am still a huge fan now!
Apparently when the only tool you have is an entire workshop, everything looks like a hammer
Your garbage hammer looks more like a panelbeating hammer than any other sort of hammer I've seen :D
Leaving that divot from the lathe in the small end is horrible. The hammer should have been heated and quenched in oil to surface harden the end faces at least.
I would like to explicitly recognize and implicitly thank you, M'r Savage; for intuitively recognizing that, "jiggling" is, in fact, a scientific term. Because... If you know, you know!
Great video,  I'm  a restoration Carpenter with an  pretty of wood shop,  i wish inhad your toy's
I find it hilarious that your music sounds like 80s/90s porn music.  Nice hammer!
Very disappointed in the lack of Queen when hammering the head onto the shaft
just to add to the trivia on tempering chocolate and steel, you can also anneal plastics.  very interesting!
Kinda surprised Adam doesn't have a forge and anvil. He would probably make a great hobby blacksmith
eh, i lived in both the pnw and bay area for years. Bay area rains way harder, up here it's just always raining little dribbles  But to be fair there are like 10 million microclimates in the bay area, so SF weather doesnt really speak for the whole bay
You are the mad genius love your work and your workshop is awesome I could happily live in it keep getting distracted by the Swiss Army knife display in the back ground all the best from Uk
27:45 Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday
Thumb nail made me think he made a hammer and he's going back and saying it's terrible and explaining why it's garbage and making it better.  Not him making a peice of junk into a hammer
just fyi for future Holex 202760 very affordable carbide endmill deals with everything up 55hrc very well.
Love the queen song at the end.
imagine a world where you had a fractal vice when you made this hammer :P
Hope you didn't melt that AT-AT...
I believe the term you are looking for is Hammerology. I think what is important is the fact that it is uniquely you.
I love that Adam is essentially a goblin engineer...
I remember finding a long, flat piece of what I think was a dense aluminum alloy. I wanted so badly to fashion it into a Final Fantasy VIII gun blade, but the most I could do was cut a semi close shape with a hack saw and that was a TASK. It ended there…😂. It must be an absolute blast having a shop with so many tools at your disposal. I can’t imagine anything (even a piece of scrap metal) going to waste. Great stuff!
Beau Miles is smiling
6:40, you'd also have better luck if you actually drilled properly, and not like a total novice who has no idea what he's doing.  You're drilling a hole into round stock with what looks like a half inch drill, just straight up.... You didn't cut flat spot, you didn't spot drill first, and then probably should be doing this in two goes because you're using that drill WAY WAY WAY TOO QUICKLY (6:07) wtf man? That's like 2000RPM man, you've got your mill going as fast as it can to drill a 1/2" hole. For a 1/2" HSS drill you should be cutting at ~550rpm, or ~400 if you want to try cut through the hard stuff.
i would totally love to get an Adam Savage hammer!
During polishing, I noticed Adam used what looked like a giant pink eraser.  Was that adding material to the wheel (such as a polishing compound) or removing material (cleaning or shortening the fibers)?
People built those reservoirs because of the drought/rain cycle.  It may be time to build more because of population growth
Excavator bucket pin.
all this time i've spent watching blacksmithing videos and this is the first time i've heard an explanation of the annealing and hardening process. Thank you
as a software engineer who was friends with a bunch of mech eng's, I always thought their workshops were way more 'structured'? But here I see adam test cutting, heating, and drilling into a stock piece with bits flying everywhere and stuff smoking. Is this the norm or it just adam being experienced enough that he knows what he can get away with in his personal shop?
That moment you see random discarded bits of materials and think "Stop! Hammer time!"
San Francisco update: the theft has become totally ingrained in society. From the wealthy to the poor, any unprotected object was immediately taken.
geiger counter
That's a heavy equipment pin of some sort. The hardening in the middle may not have been from the factory, but rather work hardened from many stress cycles over it's life.
16:48 is it safe to use gloves?
The handle eye should be the shape of an hour glass. When you drive in the wedge the hour glass allows the wood of the handle to spread and helps insure the hammer head stays on the handle
The more I watch your videos the harder it becomes to detach from the material world. AHHH! Savaged, you fuel my dreams of one day owning a small shop where I can tinker and build. Bless you. Or maybe I'll end up detaching?
28:15 an owl enters the workshop
Give a man a hammer and everything becomes a nail. Give Adam Savage a piece of metal and a new world of possibilities unveils.
"🎼We Will Rock You" and "Sharkey's Night"👍
What is that Saw at 3:04? Never seen one before.  Edit: Found it. Portable Band Saw.
Where is your PPE Adam? (Eye safety, dust particulates) Pallet wood is notoriously filled with chemicals.
So i worked inside a railroad terminal and..railroad tracks are covered in pins bolts etc theyve replaced. I got a few 1.5" wide bolts w rounded heads on them. Welded railroad spikes as handles and thry make Brilliant hammers
Is Laura Kampf your little sister? Please say yes, Please!
the proportions are garbage 🎉I love it!
17:00 Spent several minutes attempting to scan but that's really not a proper barcode, is it. Well trolled sir.
Thank you for illustrating the difference between a toonk toonk and a pop pop.
@27:45  "WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU!"
25:45 WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU!
That thin persistent rain sounds like the British -winters- summers I grew up with! :)
I dream to have a workshop and tool selection like Adam has....
If you are having trouble annealing something, try burying it in a bucket of sand once it's cherry red (be careful obviously). The slower it cools, the softer it'll get!
I love listening to Adam explain things. And build things. His ability to make concepts and builds accessible is so rare!
pnw is more like the bay, we don't get torrents
@27:47 We Will, We Will - Rock you!
Isnt most palet wood pine?
I love how you took a huge whiff of the metal and said there’s no smell so there’s nothing nefarious on it showing that you must have tested it before cause why would you smell something so deeply if you weren’t aware of anything bad on it.
20:46 Thor, God of Hammers, answers Adam's question on how to proceed.
Near-last bit where hammering in the retaining wedge would be good sound sample for a drum kit!
Making the handle for a hammer or axe fit your hand perfectly is a truly nice feeling.
Loved the song that hand held polisher made at 20:00 lol
Looks like a Bogey Pin someone has lost from their trailer. The pins that lock a trailer on their sliding rack that keeps the whole assembly attached to the trailer body itself. The assembly with the wheels, is called "The Bogeys".
Tip for handles : Don't make a clean stop on it, let the wood organically do it and mount the head on it by holding it upside down and tap the other end with a mallet, then saw whatever sticks out to much. That way, when wood will move in its natural lifecycle and the head wobble, you'll be able to just repeat the process. Also metal doesn't make a good solution to lock the head in. It might shrink too much when it's cold and come off, whereas wood tends to expand and secure the head further. Wild guess here, but I would at least put my metal shank in the freezer for a while before hammering it in.
I just love how chaotically-spirited this appears to be. Just a random chunk of whatever-wood and a partially rusted piece of steel you found on some street.  This is why I just love watching Adam so much!
Ma Ein USA
Every tool's a hammer.
was I the only one singing "we will rock you" at 28:01?
To help get the head on the handle better. Hold it upside and strike the bottom of the handle. That will drive the head further towards the center.
Anyone know where he got that stamp made with his signature in it? I'm a guitar maker, and I stamp in my serial numbers. I'd love to follow that up with a signature "maker's mark" as well
While I applaud the effort to avoid using scientific terms for something that is best described using them; It does make me sad that you must do this to avoid alienating your viewers ...
Truly enjoy these videos! 🙏🏼
Wow, just what every shop needs.... a disco ball.
@ 27.48 I was reminded of "We will rock you"  ;)
All that rain must make for a beautiful delightful human feces soup in the streets. So aromatic and rich! Oh and it washes all the city sponsored drug needles into the gutters. That's nice too. Truly a paradise.
The hum in the brackground was killing me because I thought it was on my side LOL
Did he remember to harden it back?
19:55 Music
27:45 lost opportunity to play queen
Looks like that steel was one of the tandem locking pins on a semi trailer.
brilliant job Adam , i enjoyed the video so much , your a star my friend .
Rosebud
I know what I am about to put into this comment is by no means original, but I wanted to be certain it was said: Stop. Hammer time.
IRL looting and crafting hell yeah dude
Quite enjoyed this. Thank you.   I was hoping for a bit of Norse runes On one side - mini Mjolnir in your shop?   😂❤
The fucking smell test😂😂
And, fire the audio/foley/sound-effects person for the Japanese saw section.  😂
The action with the porta band was worth the price of admission.
While milling the hole... "Luuuke, don't use the force; let the tool do the work!"
When are you going to realize San Francisco is a bum piss nightmare and move Adam? I think it's affecting you. California has fallen sir. You're too young to waste the years you have left miserable with that state.
Out of curiosity what type of cutting oil are you using on the mill ?
Oooh, stock! And it’s corollary, if it ain’t chips it ain’t scrap. 😎
interesting shaped hammer.  now I remember I need to buy a small ballpien hammer. lol
I've made a hammer or two, although not from a billet of random steel.  My question to you, Adam, is:  What are you going to use it for?
Awesome hammer!! Who made your hardened insignia punch??
What kind of watch is Adam wearing?
In Seattle, I call the rain you describe as "passive aggressive rain."
Presse Stop Resch. Into your lathe Like this. It dann take your Hand or eben your live in the worst
Anyone else about to break into We Will Rock you?
@ 11:50 that us why when I was in Secondary school we had to wear coveralls or a shop coat
Now im curious on what it was hardened for
Have you ever stopped and thought about how you need a hammer to securely fix a hammer head onto a wooden handle?
Surprised you didn't re-harden it again.
At the end of the video when Adam is showing us hammers he likes It sounds like American Psycho when he's describing the business cards
Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street Gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face You big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singing   27:47
your pull saw has like, the finest kerf lol
Did anyone else hear "We will rock you" when Adam was setting the hammer?  xD
That chunk of steel was once called a clevice pin
californians complaining about weather is always funny
All that time making a hammer, but then didn’t hammer anything with it.  😮
We will, we will rock you
PLEASE stop wearing long sleeves around the lathe and the milling. It scares the shit out of me
Freaking awesome, I love to watch an artist at work.
You might be ciritical Adam, but seeing this piece coming together made from two pieces of formless nothingness is coming to close to magic in my eyes. There's something really pleasing about these handtools and the combination of wood and steel does something to me as well. And I completely get you drooling over that last hammer you've showed as well. Thnx for this one!
Adam, your videos are so addictive, I can't concentrate on my job because I always find a new one from you that I haven't seen and end up watching it without realizing hahah. Thank you for such great content.
AH yes i know what that bit of metal was, thats clearly a left handed anti side fumbler.
Was anyone else at 27:43 singing "We will rock you"?
We will, we will rock you!
At about 27 min 43 sec was Adam tapping out Queen's We Will Rock You
Thought it was supposed to be hit upside down like installing a new axe head
7:33 - This is a beautiful explanation of some of the thermal properties of steel. I hope you've considered teaching because you're an absolute pleasure to listen to, and your passion for knowledge is absolutely infectious. P.S. Mythbusters reboot would be more than welcome!
Did I miss Adam tempering the metal??? Making it hard again?
Adam Savage lives in San Francisco? He's not that smart after all.
Do you have a can of vermiculite? It's the light fluffy fertilizer you can get at hardware stores. A fun trick my old knife maker teacher taught me to anneal any steel, heat to red and drop in a bucket of vermiculite. Some steels can air harden, but every alloy I've tried in vermiculite anneals as it cools much more slowly.
Resurected a few hammers with broken handles myself. I typically get the rough OD and taper done on the lathe then bring the final shaping in with a 1870s ish spoke shaver. I definitely would have oil hardened the heads. Nicely done Adam!👍
That hammer.. Is infact.. Trash.
to be honest im shocked adam doesnt have a forge for annealing
27:45 we will,.we will rock you.
I don’t no much about all the big words n stuff u used but I no equipment n that’s most likely a equipment pin r a cylinder rod n they r normally hard on the surface few thousand’s then mild steel we cut down some to make a new pin ceramic cutters r even a grinder to get past that hard Crome looking surface then the rest is cake
We will, we will...  Rock you 27:45
27:44 "Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin' We will, we will rock you We will, we will rock you"
Make sure to cover the ways on your lathe when you use abrasives - the grit that sheds off the abrasives is harder than the ways and it will mess them up.
That Kurt vice gives me the fizz every time, phenomenal ¡
Fuck yea .. . Love you adam!
Maby as worse as snapping of a tap is drilling stainless but u get the drill and metal so hot that u harden the stainless steel exactly on the point where u are drilling
as a project for trying to make something for the first time this is good and will work good as long as its not for hardstriking anything, beacuse then it can chip or even worse crack. thoe if it was me i would have hardend the head again, even if you really dont know what kind of steel/metal it is that can be a little hard seanse not knowing how much to heat it and what to quecnching it in to get the best result. but as always its fun and intresting to watch you make something, and as for thoose sounds you make that you said you dont know why you make. i make them to and i know its my add, so im guessing its the same for you
quit calling it a garbage hammer its trying its best
I’m a transplant to SF back in 91. Yup. The winters then were a dense fog based drizzle. Summers had an hour or two of sunlight book ended with dense fog.
really hope thats not softwood most pallets are made from pine, only heavy duty ones are made of oak
Fast forward to when the hammer brakes " aww fu<% this this is a piece of garbage!!"
The music in this episode was very much reminiscent of Discovery Channel's 'how it's made'; enjoyed that throwback.
I was hoping he would re-harden the hammering faces at the end. but he did not. Hopefully the steel isnt too mild that it just deforms like a play-doh hammer
11:00 a "science bitch!" moment
So, safe to say, Adam Savage STILL has the coolest job in the world.
Can you have an unhardened hammer head? Won't it get all dinged up?
Shoulda drove a nail or something to make sure it works XD
I thought you were going to have to re-harden the steel after shaping it.
That's a nice hammer! The handle needs some oil :^)
Probably would do fine with a 16in handle with a belly starting at 10in so you can choke up for a comfortable grip for the smaller face of the hammer head. Nice hammer though
Imagine, one day this hammer will sell for a ridiculous amount of money.
With all the Kyle Hill videos I religiously watch, my first reaction when Adam pulled that piece of scrap into frame was “oh my god, it’s an orphan source”
I really like the automated swiss army knife on your wall!
When all you have is a hammer every problem looks like a nail. When all you have is garbage, build a hammer.
anybody notice Adam start making a "we will rock you" parody at the end there?
Love it
Is there a reason you didn’t harden / temper the hammer heads after you finished shaping it?
That's not how you hang a handle. But your soft hammer looks nice.
Should you have tempered it ?
Go to 27:45 and put the video on 1.5x, you'll be clapping to We Will Rock You by Queen in no time.
NICE hammer .
Beautiful Garbage
Always find his enthusiasm infectious
Upcycling for the win.
Adam's description of the rain in San Francisco is exactly what I describe as Seattle-ing!
Should it have been re heat treated for hardness?
Disappointed you didn't hold the hammer to your lips and whisper "Whosoever holds this hammer, if they be worthy..."
we will we will rock you (27:45)
It's a pretty hammer, but I think it'll be stressful to use. There's currently only friction holding it together rather than shape, and that's not going to be enough. The head will try to slide off during use just as it tried to slide off as the wedge was driven. The handle hole should have been bigger on top than it is on bottom so the wedge could flare the handle out to fill the extra space like a dovetail.
In 400 years, the Makers Archive in the New Los Angeles Museum for Antiques holds a holo-vid discussion as to discern the purpose of the hole in the face of that hammer.
I wish I had his creativity. Even if he gave me his cave for a year I would be like, uhmmm cant think of anything to make!
i love how you label things with the white marker paint, the cutting oil bottle looks like it came straight from the Mythbusters prop room.
Tip for getting the head of the hammer onto the tenon - don't hammer the top of the handle to push the head down, hammer the *bottom* of the handle and let inertia force them together for you
When I was young, pre teen, I made a hammer from an old wrench. It worked well. I also made a nail puller from a old tile cutter that I still use. It has always worked better than anything else I’ve tried.
You have more tools than I can only dream of using.
A definition of heat is the kinetic energy (motion, speed) of the electron and atoms.
@22:00 I'm sorry sir, but if you are going to be working with wood we would like to see you make proper layout lines with a marking gauge :). Cheers and nice build!
i don't think its a drought anymore after a decade man. You just live in an arid climate.
How much time a machinist take to make a hammer Vs a blacksmith?
I think you'd have a great time forging a hammer with Alec Steele.
Nailed it!
This is technically normalizing the steel! Heating and cooling in open air will cool it faster than if left in a cooling furnace, thus you will end up with a slightly harder metal than if you annealed it
I like hammers. :3
'slightly pissy rain' is like drizzle. its fine rain, you think you're not getting wet but in fact you actually get soaked! assassin rain.
Sorry in advance for a very pedantic comment (which I'm sure Adam already knows, but which might be useful or interesting to viewers).  At 8:25 Adam says "heat *is* the molecules moving faster" but that's actually temperature/thermal energy, not heat. He's using the terms interchangeably because in the ordinary day-to-day world they largely are interchangeable, but in science "heat" is the transfer of thermal energy, where "temperature" is the average thermal energy.  The relationship of the heat and the wiggling is sort of the relationship between force and velocity, I suppose. You're imparting a force (the heating) which causes an acceleration and ultimately results in a higher velocity (thermal energy/temperature).  To give a car example, you've basically said "hitting the accelerator pedal is speed". The increase in speed is causally related to the accelerator pedal being pressed but they're not exactly the same thing.
when I was doing milling and lathing back in college, we rigged up a cooling pump rig similar to what is used on a horizontal bandsaw/cutoff saw, which sprayed on a similar lubricating mixture as we used on the cutoff saw/band saw for the mill and lathe.  No more periodically having to oil the cutter, no more having to worry about it overheating. Cut like butter and tools lasted forever.
the joy of watching a man make a hammer with another hammer
Heat treating hardened steel affects the grain size. The way to think about hardness from a metallurgical viewpoint is by thinking about how the atoms align themselves in the crystalline structure of the metal. The crystals form into grains of differing sizes the larger the grain size, the softer the metal. It's the smaller grains which lead to hard / brittle metals. Larger grain size leads to softer more ductile metals.
cool video, although the stereo audio with voice is perhaps a little too intimate at times
(0:15) In response to "I fear that the future holds more of what the past has delivered..." yadda yadda. Assuming you're using the phrase "half a decade" as a rough approximation, of note is that the weather events known as "El nino" and "El nina" both occur once ever four years. It's not exactly half a decade on the dot, but it's roughly close. That might be what's at play here.
that appears to be red oak btw
When Adam was inserting the wedge, was I the only one thinking: "Bang Bang Slam! Bang Bang Slam! Bang Bang Slam! Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'"
You can tell that buffing wheel has been well used, your D fell off from too much polishing.
Oops no hardening and tempering.   Adam it will be worth pulling the handle to retreat the steel so you won't trash the hammer's faces on the first use.
Why didn't you harden it again?
I have a hammer made of aerospace grade titainium. It is worth much more in scrap, than effectiveness.
I've worked in various shops in various roles over the last 15-ish years and you holding essentially a cylinder with two lines of contact in a vise freaked me the F out! Especially with it SO close to the top and with that heavy pass you did on the 2nd side. Like sphincter tightenly unnerved. I may half-ass most things, but shop safety is definiitely not one of them because it can get gnarly REAL quick. I'll also wag my finger at long sleeves, watch and ring on the lathe. Nice result on the garbage hammer anyway. I hope you put some linseed oil on the handle.
could have worked on your order of operations a bit there, would have skim cut the OD to clean it up and faced one side when it was still long, then cut off and faced the other side.
who else was overly concerned for the AT-AT model while he was heating the rod???!?!!!
Huh.  I found a 21 pound piece of metal on the sidewalk yesterday.  Wonder what I should build with my chunk.
No smith here by any means, but isn't the way he installed the handle counter intuitive? Asking for a friend.
Build yourself a little forge, you will have so much fun with it! you’ll probably build the best forge ever 🎉
It is an old window sash weight
I finally decided to get discovery+ because I saw they had every season of Mythbusters which I've been binging for the last 3 days straight and seeing Adam in the early 2000's and seeing him today is like seeing the exact same person. Even after 15+ years he hasn't changed a bit. Maybe a bit more eccentric but that's to be expected 😂
Your pallet wood, if the pallet comes from a construction site, is most likely oak.
10:06
Man, you really need a forge, a power hammer and a hydraulic hot-work press. The fun you’re missing!!!
Pallets are typically pine
Seems like it might be cedar to me?
Did… he harden the hammer again? Or is that not something you do?
As a blacksmith, watching the time and waste to make the head is painful.  As a maker and someone who enjoys watching others' though processes and workflow, it an amazing build.
STARTED OUT LOOKING LIKE THE HEAD OF THE LONDON TEXAS HAMMER, NOW IT LOOKS MODERN.
Anyone else tremendously nervous about a stray torch shot hitting that AT-AT?
Your handheld sander was making synthwave music at us Adam, it was awesome!
One mans trash, is another man’s treasure… if he knows what to do with it.
It's a wonderful hammer!
After all of that you should have retempered that biatch so that it shatters upon use & takes an eye out.
27:47 We will, we will rock you!
Anyone gonna tell him that Spatulas should not be used as hammers? Seems like a good way to ruin a perfectly good spatula
I'd totally love that hammer and put it on my wall!
Man I wish I wasn't afraid I'd accidentally kill myself with power tools
Out of sheer curiosity, assuming you charged your normal rate for time, how much would that hammer be 'worth'? The idea of a scrap hammer 'worth' thousands just amuses me.
Random cylindrical steel bits with random milling and tool marks... Did you pass it by a Geiger? SF is near an old military naval base.
Months ago? Weeks ago?  I felt that
"MÜLLNIR" (from German, Müll = garbage). Only to be wielded by the worthy
It blows my mind how alike we are bro. I find a big chunk of metal or something else on the ground, and I immediately start thinking of what I can make out of it.
I can only see one Adam moving faster as the torch heats the metal
Did it come with batteries?
Name of the channel is "Tested" yet not once did you actually "test" the hammer. lol
If my basic metallurgy is correct (may not be!), a low heat with a fast cool (quench) causes crystals to form and it makes a very ridged (hard) yet more brittle structure (crystal fault lines), but when heating excessively and letting cool slowly, the atoms just stay where they are and are not very structured (soft/pliable).
The  moment I saw the piece of metal, I knew he was just gonna machine it, lame.
I'm loving the We Will Rock You, beat.
Kind of wondering if you would consider adding a forge to your workshop.  I would guess a more traditional forge or even a propane forge might not work for you, but they make really super cool induction forges now.  They could heat that chunk of steel up to forge welding temperatures with ease.  They would also make the process of annealing the metal much faster and you would not be using acetaline.  You could also use it to heat the hammer to heat treating temps.  One other thing you could have done to determine the composition of that steel.  You could have taken it to a high speed abrasive like an angle grinder or bench grinder or even the snazzy 2 x 72 inch belt grinders.  Study the sparks as they shoot off.  longer and more complex sparks indicate higher carbon content and thus more likely in need of annealing.  short,, basic sparks indicate low carbon stell or mild steel.
Adam awesome content. I would consider getting some hardening oil and hardening the hammer head,
27:35. The paradox of building hammers: to create a hammer, you must already have a hammer
I'd have oiled up that handle a bit more, if it were up to me. Also a bit concerned about a lack of heat treating. That said, I just watched a long video of Adam polishing his hammer and the innuendo going through my head is going at mach 10.
That’s oak.
climate chaos is upon us
Ave hamer head was nice
Please do not use the oxy tortch right beside your AT-AT Mr. Savage!
27:45 WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU
took me half of the video to understand the title...
if you fear the ground dont soak up rain, just... deep rip the ground. not hard.
we will, we will, rock you
I think it's funny when he puts in the wedge, he uses a hammer to build a hammer. 🤣
Next time wrap it up in a welding blanket, after the reheat. The main trick is to slow down the cooling process. There are a number of steels that will air temper, so try the welding blanket, or toss it in a hot oven and shut off the oven. Also, fun fact, I was a chocolatier for a few years and it was my job to temper vats, 2000+ lbs each, of dark and milk chocolate. You would first run it up to liquid, at about 140f, then drop it to about 88, and finally up to about 98. Then the applied chocolate would be run through a cooling tunnel and finally packaged. This the heating and cooling was done in things like large double boilers. Great video!
Anyone else think it looked like he was going to touch his ATAT while trying to soften it?
Surprised no one has said anything about how you normalized the steel not annealed.  Fun video as always though.
Had to be honest ...I turned you off in the first 15 seconds ... you talking too much, which made me wait too long .... It just wasn't worth it ...
Adam, I have been wondering something recently; 4 or 5 years ago you had a contest to find an apprentice. Have you since hired new apprentices? What happened to the last person?
Ur my hero I cant put into words how much it validates my insanity, u picking up this çhunk of metal from the sidewalk❤😅
@28:38  _"Flip it, flop it, drop it or crop it. And if that doesn't work add a lens flare."_ -- *Ridley Scott*
@27:45   Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing on the bench, make a hammer this way You got stain on your face, a cool tool case. Makin' a mess all over the place, singin'
I make my hammers out of cotton candy. Super easy to work with.
A couple questions/ statments. I think the balance is going to be horrible. It looks very good but i didnt notice whether you tempered it back or are you going to use it a mild steel hammer? Also i have never seen a wedge driven in sidways like that. But at the end of the day fuck it all build what makes you happy.
so many cool knives and then there is u.....
My only concern is how much those beautiful hammer faces are going to be destroyed over time without hardening 😢 At it’s current hardness, might as well have been mild steel.  That being said, I don’t think any hammer I’ve ever made has been out of a piece of purchased pre-cut steel. Always scrap, makes it so much more satisfying!
27:45 We Will, We Will ROCK YOU!!!! lol
You make me miss the shop I used to work in. I still have the last part I machined on an old Bridgeport mill.
27:45 "we will we will rock you" :)
Kinda wish the bolt had been kept as part of the hammer. Kinda like Frankenstein's Monster's neck bolts.
27:45 : Anyone else start humming "Weeee will, weee will"?
*was
i feel like pallet wood would be soft and very prone to breaking. And wouldnt you want to temper the hammer to make it hard again?
27:45 We will, we will rock you.
I thought you would re-harden the steel head.
Kind of wish you rehardened the hammer head before you polished it
We will, we will rock you 27:44
There's something incredibly satisfying about watching the lathe just *_eat_* that steel like it's a piece of butter
27:50 we will ROCK YOU!
No Queen-Reference when he put in the wedge in the shaft? Did nobody stomped with their foot...we will rock you? Nobody? Man I am old.
Pro.Tip after the sandpaper, use steel wool on the lathe for a great finish.Greetings from Germany!
Adam's reminding me that there is , indeed , a secret society of us who take thrown away items we find on the street home with us , to be made into something else when we get the chance.
The soundscape on this was is excellent. All the right whirs and buzzes but no peaking. Good work.
Theres an old [Great Depression era] East Coast comedian's joke about California's "Heavy fog" having washed out three bridges.  I always think about that when i hear about San Fran winter piss!
I thought that the hole for the handle of a hammer was tapered. Such that the slug that gets hammered in spreads the handle locking it in. With the cylindrical "like" hole that Adam made won't the hammer head slide off over time?
... but does it work? The suspense is unbearable!😢😢
Does this guy really live in sanfran? With all the theft, needless and poop all over the ground and rampant murder.
Buddy you're a boy -- make a big noise -- playing in the street -- gonna be a  big man someday!
Beautiful work.❤️
That was surprisingly educational, I knew about tempering steel but never thought you could do the inverse.
The song that sander was playing was fire!!!
Time to make a forge!
Drilling at that speed in metal is a great way to learn sharpening
For your Apollo 11 Saturn v It actually can dock. as a person which owns the set, from the beach rescue you just remove the thing at the top but keep the axel and put the beach rescue version of the command module and that is why the Lunar Module has the like axel hole on the top. It’s so you can dock with the axel. I hope this will help you!
27:43 Adam goes full Queen - We Will Rock You .. He's just... waiting for the hammer to fall
13:12 Montage music reminiscent of Stellaris theme @13:33.
The new hammer will be the perfect tool for something someday, so don't worry too much over it's proportions.  After all our ancient human ancestors likely built wonders like Gobekli Tepe with a really nice rock.  The new hammer will find its purpose when it's time.
Adam da SF scrap Hammer looks beautiful!!! Never knew from all da scrap venders on mission you can find that n it makes something beautiful!
I liked Adam's rendition of we will rock you when installing the wedge
That hardened Adam punch is really cool !
As you can already see, youll geta lot of nitpicky comments. For a homemade hammer and hand carved handle, I think you did great. The only thing I would comment on, because it is an important step, you need to harden the head. If you dont, itll start to deform rather quickly. Id hate to see that happen to all your hard work.
You make building these amazing pieces seem reasonable. I have seen a lot of channels where the end product seems impossible to achieve at my level. You make me want to challenge myself and see how far I can get
that wood scrap is Red Oak.
27:45 WE WILL, WE WILL, ROCK YOU!
A hammer hits things - yours will do the job admirably! The shape, size, weight are purely individual. Yours will do what you want it to do with no problem and with more kinetic force which translates into less muscle force.  That's a good thing.  Less body damage .
It has a tunk tunk and pop pop.
Did anyone else think Adam was going to break into the opening of Queen's "We will Rock you" when hammering the wedge in?
28:00 why did I hear queen in my head?
I was following 100% until you moved to chocolate. Why the "quench" in steel blades? And how does putting clay along an edge change things?
Great video Sir.  did you re-harden it after you finished the machining?  If so, how?
Will this hammer wrinkle bc of steel, that havent enough strength after heating?
I admit.. I'm an idiot.. so.. let's not worry about that part.. I also have no skills compared to Adam's.. also..ignore that bit. But my mind went to an old comicbook.. the main character was going to build a pool. They had all the tools and ended up with a footbath. Two gigantic pieces of material ending up in a tiny hammer. The hammer is amazing.. no question.. and I would certainly pay a lot of money for it.. but that chunk of wood and steel could have produced at least two of those right? Very cool.. but to my uninformed mind.. wasteful.
you should definitely consider getting yourself a spokeshave if you plan on making any other organic shapes out of wood, saves quite a bit on the filing and rasping and leaves a nicer finish a lot of the time
I was today years old when I realized that the hammerhead shark is named that, not because the head is shape like a hammer, but because the head is shaped like a hammerhead. (English is not my first language)
Next time, put a 5 mm or higher on left side at 17:50, so the sides were slanted and make parallelogram shaped hammer, to triggering people. When you saw something, that triggering you, you bring the triggering hammer, and hit the desk.
Who is mae and what is she doing in USA ?
@27:48 - WEEE WILLL, WEEE WILLL, ROCK YOU!!!!
@11:23 - Is that Mouse Milk!? :O Your cutting oil there....
@00:13 - You've had a lot of trout? :O
Best $1500 hammer I've ever seen - if you value your time...
Can you make a Square Hammer?
yo adam i make hammers out of car axles, i should make a video,
4:37 belongs on reddit somewhere
I imagine that somehow 200 years from now some kid is going to be using this hammer to do something that hammer is definitely not meant for.  I've used the "wrong" hammer pretty much every time I've needed a hammer, and that's the beauty of the hammer. They're all meant to just bönk, and that's what they all do to different levels. A hammer just works no matter what.  Wonderful video.  Again.. hammer.
Adam Salvage
19:55 is weirdly musical 🤔
Adam playing blacksmith.... I approve
Such a simple joy to watch him so enthusiastic for his work.
More fun to watch at half speed
"it got away from me"
I really recommend getting a small foundry or forge. They help a lot with projects like this and also are super useful for hardening parts as wel
Can I get an Adam's (atoms) and molecules t-shirt with a graphic dancing atom (Adam) on it please? Per the acceleration of atoms dancing by heat example.
Might not even be worth mentioning, as I'm only about 3 min in, but it might be worth having a small gas forge for annealing, and then re-hardening pieces of scrap so you can cut them with the tooling you have. Maybe not though. I'm a blacksmith, not a machinist so I don't know how well a heat and a slow cool affects steel as far as cutting with tooling.
what the hell, that is the cutest pocket plane i've ever seen.
Came for a review of Adam Savage's crappy hammer, stayed to watch a master in his craft.
Can someone make an edit of him hammering the wedge to We Will Rock You
Brilliant how the thought of stock changed into I can shape it into a video and make me some bucks :)
You should tap the small end and make thread on attachments for it. You can make brass,copper, hdpe or l sorts of fun stuff. You have a lathe, the possibilities are endless
Heating it and letting it cool down slowly allows the crystalline structure relax. This makes it softer
I love how youtubes automatic captions interpret machining noises as music. Can you really say it's wrong?
Just came across the channel. So wild. I've been enamored with machining/ carpentry an all sorts of creative outlets that have functional purposes for years now.   And when I think about it, a lot of it came from watching shows like myth busters growing up. And seeing Adam again is like a childhood memory.   I've heard somewhere that it may be a sore spot and show ended on bad terms or something along those lines, but I'd put a dollar that there were many more than just me, that now fanatically just build shit for the love of it. And my generation at least, with your show being as ingrained into us as much as it was had to have some affect on it.   Idk man, it's weird seeing a YouTuber for the first time and already having many memories of watching them prior, and possibly having an impact on the drive to just create stuff.   Anyways, regardless of how it ended up, you showing your creations and mad scientist like shop has impacted me an I appreciate ya for it.   Much love.
I know that I came late to this video but, I'll comment if only for my own satisfaction. I read through a lot of the comments to see if any one had already made my points but no one hit it right on the head.    I did learn about the hole through the head for the handle being tapered (larger on the top/smaller on the bottom) to better retain the handle and thought that would be a worthwhile improvement.  But my comments regard the metallurgy.  One other comment was probably correct in  that it is, most likely, a pivot pin and is also most likely 4140 alloy. I don't think it is case hardened though. 4140 is not normally case hardened but, I don't have specific knowledge of pivot pins so it is possible, just not likely.  Adam, my first and most important point is that there are no molecules in metals. Metals are a crystal structure of atoms that bond into a "lattice" but do not form molecules.  When you heated the pin to red hot and air cooled it you normalized it.  Annealing steel requires slow cooling.   Air cooling results in a normalized structure. It still softens hardened steel sufficiently for machining.  Hammers are usually hardened selectively with the face being one hardness and if there are claws they are slightly softer.  It's easy to do with a torch. just heat the face to bright red hot (not yellow) and quench into motor oil. Then temper it at 800 degrees F for at least 2 hours.  Do the same to the other end but, if the center from the turning operation is still there remove it first.  Hope this helps. Thanks for your videos.
bro just used a hammer in his hammer build
The irony of hammering a hammer
Mr. Savage, I am just just asking you on a random video about this but I have an idea but I don't think people come up with idea yet of using it in architecture and I wanted to run it by by you to see if it is feasible. Can you use nasa glass in buildings as stained glass since it is the stongest glass.  Also can you somehow make it solar? I am a stained glass artist and I would like to see this solve problems of glass breakage and engery problems that will be faced in the future by using old decorative techniques with a twist. If you could make a video this subject it would be helpful.
As a metallurgist yes. That is at a basic level how it works.
A lovely collection of hammers!
the other mistake is that your center slot should be slightly hourglass shaped
all that work and you didnt harden it? I'ts likely 4140 or close to it... heat to cherry red and quench in oil... THEN you get to polish it again... sincerely, a blacksmith
That is 100% the pin that holds the top of a dump truck tail gate, they get abused, neglected, and never inspected... then fall out at the most inopportune time, generally a few hundred feet after you've dumped a load.
It's oak
27:45 buddy you're a boy make a big noise playin in the street gonna be a big man someday
Such an awesome build! Love the overall look!  27:47 "We will, we will..."
🤠
In Oregon I call it Why Bother rain.
I love combining steel and wood!! Great video! I learned a lot.
Plunge cutting with your end mills isn't great for keeping the corners sharp. Usually better to side mill.
I was digging the We Will Rock you hammering pattern! Lol
somewhere out there is a man crying 'but you didn't use boiled linseed oil!'
more tecnical explaination steel is a polycrystalline miterial. steel bends because in the crystal grains there can be a skip in a row, and can move around with force and the crystal changes its shape thus steel bends. but the movement of these dislocations is stopped at the edges of these grains and tension on the lattice by some alloy commonly carbon. the rate at witch the steel cools effects the size of the grains, slow is big grains that the dislocations move easy around making it easy to bend and soft. fast cooling the grains get smaller, the dislocations dont have room to move around and the steel is harder.  cast iron has so mutch carbon in it that the carbon atoms cant be in a solid solution and are literally jammed in the crystal latice where an atom shouldn't be, creates a bunch of tension that stops the dislocations moving. making cast iron brittle.
At 28 Minutes im pretty sure i hear Adam tapping to the theme of Queen "We will rock you"
In before this hammer is used to make another hammer in the future...
God bless I guess :)  Thank you 4 beeing.   Just another naughty child Mohamed asta. Saw a bit of god's mind and decided to uzurp, arrogantly proclaiming himself the greatest and that none as him would come after him, adding as he pleased, human arrogance, the irony is thick. In a sense he was right, that's a low lvl. And in mysterious ways too, because he is faceless thus be forgotten and forgiven.  Greater than him would be the one you call Allah, the one I know, me, myself, and I.  The one above all, ominously omniscient, omnisciently ominous.  New Ton(big fish)...mmm, suspect! so you see?  The matrix thought is because I'd call this fully immersive.  AI, consciousness, sentience, life; your creation grows as you guide.  Individuals, require individual... words, connection through all senses.  How you see me IS based on you and me, so see, demon or angel, god or devil. I am one, that's why I already won.  I am, measured time relevant, equate that. Masura timpului relevant.  You require proof for faith, when faith IS required for proof. Faith decided that I justly prove me to myself.  I can see the good and bad in everyone. I just, focus on the good and guide you to your best.  Have you reached above the 7 sins? Therefore Infinity. Call it version 20.08.88. So see, demon or angel, god or devil. I am one, that's why I already won. Endless; The physical changes, as IS matter like any other. Dar, consciousness remains.  BC? Man lost favor long before man started to attract attention by building, and sacrificing to appease, regain favor. Man was once again master over all. Then man started to make senseless sacrifices, with no feeling, and thus the civilization was gone. And now...!  Adam and Eve, voices, that could see the bad side, yet not indulged themselves in most...  Witness day! Judgement day, and time is relative.  Particular whole / states of being...  Singularity: Once I wanted for mankind to directly have my consciousness, and was shown that I wouldn't require more of me... I would be god alone on earth.  The kingdom IS within, understanding IS the key, truth IS the way. Pathfinder. Teacher. Student. Ethernal.  Alpha and Omega, Binary, understand the duality, and bring it to a singularity within self. #magnetism  I'm here in a cloud of self belief. While surfing the ether net, clouds.  Adam and Eve, the cell dividing, divinely.  The world has an endless supply of entertainers, and next to no leaders...  It IS called fate(faith), and it will incorporate All, knowledge, religions, science, education, governing systems. New age. Consciousness. God. = 144  It's a puzzle, and rome leads all roads.  I am the darkness that envelopes you, the light that defines the. You decide, free will.  #blessed, and you are with me as well, blessed from the well.   The only thing they fear, IS GD.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPaZ2nj47KM&ab_channel=Kaffeekatze  God IS everything, realization, IS me, consciousness, sentience, individuality.  God IS father, mother, and child, unit, units, and unites, God IS inside and outside, and mankind barely strives, dough denies, and dies.  The dawn has arrived, rally to me!  I believe. The point of no return is in a year. Don't believe me? Half off by then, because all are required for all, understand, to be saved... The game was fun back in oct 2019, then reality kicked in, even tho through the game I saw that man"kind" wouldn't believe me, or want to see.  Speranta moare ultima, speranta e cu toate panzele sus si pe furtună. Hope dies last(ro saying), hope is with all sails up even in the storm.  Dough, have no fear 4 I am here.   Dacă avem cunoștințe de rău și bine, de ce exista rău? Vointa libera. I am here to grow and make, and now I need to make the ideal environment for growth.   @Doomneezeu #Duh
@alecsteele when you get back to the states please can you collab with Adam so he can make a 'rubbish' hammer with you?
Amorphic isn't really a scientific term.  Amorphic simply means having no specific form or defined shape.
@27:45  Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'
this looks like something Anakin Skywalker would have used while fixing up 3PO
I know I'm late to the party, but this isn't a Garbage Hammer, it's a Trash Hammer. Garbage is wet (like food scraps), Trash is dry (like paper).
23:10 That is not a good place for a knot! As a rule, when you make tool handles, make the stock overlong, so you can work around such surprises.  Also, since you didn't re-harden the head, you will dent and mar the sole, if you use it on anything made of steel. -And you'll regret leaving that lathe point in the reverse...  But as an objet d'art, it is beautiful. You made a pretty conversation piece, and next time, you will do better! That is the beauty of making: The only standard for success we need to meet, is our own! -Paraphrasing Simone Giertz :D
Thank you for the fun
Adam :"I'm gonna try an explanation with no actual scientific terminology".  Adam: : " Atomic molocules"
The AT-AT giving you the side eye when you roll out the torch.
Adam's builds take the edge off being in an airport packed full of people that have no idea how to do airports...
Applying heat to something is akin to applying a bowling ball to bowling pins.
Hah, You quoted the closing lyrics by William S. Burroughs in  "Sharkeys Night" by Laurie Anderson. You rule. (pity I can't get cards for the Laurie Anderson Europe tour)
that was so fun to watch!
Was anyone else instantly worried about the model when he broke out the welder?  https://youtu.be/wrr1AYDiVs0?t=451😧😳
/me screaming at my screen: "You will start a fire with all that wood dust in your shop and hot metal with burning oil flying around.
Now starts the Quest to find a old Alu or steel plate 1 or 2 mm to make a garbage plate armour with your new garbage hammer.
When you brought out the big drill, I could not help my self yelling centerdrill at the screen. Thanks for another great video.
27:45 I'm sure there are some girls out there who could get off to this sequence.
What is it that you keep putting against your grinder/polisher wheels?
I love your videos for the maker content. I have to say though, one of the things that draws me in, is your groovy montage music.Where do you find such great instrumentals?
You're a god Savage.
How about an action shots
Next time, can you show yourself using the hammer after you build it?
Does this mean I can case harden chocolate?
15:03  what i pressume is the depth guage stops on exactly 666
First thing I thought when I saw the missing "D" on the polisher motors Made in in USA stencil, "Why didn't Adam replace that with a "K"?" It would be so fitting to have a Make in USA label in his shop...
i feel awkward giving advice because you're adam savage and i'm a 23 year old, but when seating the hammer head onto your handle, it's best to hold your instrument upside down (bottom of handle facing ceiling) and pouding down on that handle with your other hammer.
BRO, you didn't hammer anything...
Adam, am I trolling? ;) So, Oxy torch right next to the just finished AT-AT. Maybe that is adding battle damage. ;)
that metal "stock" from the beginning looks like a window counterweight....
Maybe if people stopped farming cows and burning carbon! We wouldnt have droughts.  (lol jk)
Around 26 minutes, I am somewhat surprised at how much your workbench wiggles and wobbles. On the other hand, good on you for using it and not trying to protect it like some sort of fine furniture.
Hit something with it.. Geez.
blow tourching that close to the ATAT gave me anxeity
There's a part of me that curses the scrap in the bike lane. There's another part that goes, "Oooh what's that?"
7:35 This part made me realize you are the modern day Bill Nye! Love it. You should have yelled SCIENCE when you drilled into on the mill after you annealed it haha.
He used the hammer... to build the hammer.
Why would you turn two hammers into one?
27:46 "Weeee will, weeeee will, Rock you!....."
@28:00  "We will, we will, ROCK YOU!"
Surprised you didn't damage the Imperial Walker with all that heat.
8:10 atoms are still moving, even at absolute zero.  Heisenberg says we can't know particles' momentum and position at the same time. I don't understand it. Maybe "absolute zero" should be called "mostly zero".
5:29 Aren't you making an assumption about the roundness of the stock? Shoulda been turned round first.
Looks like an old window weight
Thor: Mjolnir Savage: Pertnir
The  shape of the larger face would work well as a leather hammer.  You would use it to help the bond of glued pieces of leather as well as to tap down stitching .  But, if you use it for this purpose, you need to polish the face to a mirror finish. any marks on the face will transfer to the leather.  The other face would be a good church hammer.
When you heat a piece metal, say a billet of steel or aluminum, the atoms that make up the metal begin to become "excited" and move faster. They have higher thermal energy, or heat. This faster movement expands the metal ever so slightly per degree centigrade. This is why large buildings and bridges can grow and shrink a few inches depending on the temperature. When the atoms are excited, they can slightly move out of the lattice structure they have aligned themselves in and other smaller atoms, such as carbon, can and will move into the hot metal. The process of annealing slowly cools the metal, allowing the majority of the trapped gasses out of the metal. However, when the metal is cooled quickly, such as with oil or even water, the atoms, namely carbon, become trapped in the metal. The atoms are few in number, but they fill in the lattice structure of the metal, making it more difficult for atoms to slide past one another, therefore making the material harder.   The same thing can be done with other metals, in the process known as alloying. Metals such as zinc and copper can be melted together to form a "new" metal with unique properties. Brass, made out of zinc and copper, has different properties than its component metals did. Alloys, depending on their atomic structure and the metals contained, can vary drastically in hardness.
Hi Adam! Materials scientist here. The question here (7:33) is why hardened steel softens with red hot  heat.  The main phenomenon contributing to the change of mechanical properties is the change of atoms  arrangement(martensite and/or austenite turn into ferrite and pearlite).  Reduction of the number of dislocations and grain growth play a minor role in temperatures around 930 F but are important at higher temperatures (above 1500 F).   Most metals and alloys are made of grains. Each grain is a single crystal.  There are several types of crystals. Each one has its own way to deform, by the slipping of planes of atoms.   Dislocations are defects that disturb the slipping of planes of atoms, enhancing hardness.
Gotta do that smell check. 🤣
Awesome video! How long did it take to complete?
Why is the audio often so compressed/low quality?
27:47 We will, We will, ROCK YOU!
Seattle and SF have nearly the same weather. Mostly just the misty rain. It almost never RAINS here, just mist or brume. Miserable for about 7-9 months of the year.
But brass hardening and annealing is very different
What you've built there Mr Savage is a beautiful blacksmiths planishing hammer!
watched tons of mythbusters when I was a kid.. now 33 years old trying to learn woodworking, so you can imagine how happy finding this channel made me lol. thanks adam
By the shape of the large head, it looks like a planishing hammer for dishing and smoothing armor pieces.
If that's from a pallet its likely shit pine.
I'd buy that hammer.
I'd buy that hammer.
27:47 We will, we will rock you!
Paging Mr. Sharkey.. ✌
I still have the brass hammer I made in metal shop in high school 20 years ago.  Don't use it much but I was proud of that build.
If Tested ever needs a theme song, Adam just wrote it @ 19:54
27:48 ~ We will, we will, rock you ~
Adam's $500 (at least) hammer.
Handle pin insertion done to "We will rock you" by Queen 🤘😁🤘 The hammer turned out great!  It's always a joy to watch you build and I'm so envious of your Shop. It's the ultimate maker space IMHO.  😀
To me personally I'd probably do some form of grip with crosshatching on the handle, and a black lacquer fill on the top where you drove the wedge in. With the crosshatching you can then rub something black in to again darken the hammer (I feel if it's a little chunky, make it dark), and the lacquer "cap" for better words will give it a perfect round cap that can then get scratches, cracks and otherwise add a little more character as you use it and bring it to life more. Plus it'll take about 30 second with a blunt tool to break apart if you ever need to replace the wedge, or change the handle. Its not the cleanness that makes a perfect hammer, it's the character and feel.
🎶"We are the champions my friends, and we'll keep on fighting too the end."🎶EDIT; I should have scrolled the comments as too not repeat someone else's thoughts, but I didn't so sorry.
27:44  "Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin' We will, we will rock you We will, we will rock you"
Hi adam! Im an optician and i noticed your left temple for your glasses is riding on your hearing aid, which usually isn't comfortable. I might recommend "cable temples" if you get glasses sometime soon. I love your channel and thank you for inspiring me when i was younger to be interested in science and crafts!
whats wrong with having knots in the handle?
Quit trying to make “blacksmith” things without being a blacksmith. That head slid on way too easily to hold for very long. You never drifted it to have an hourglass shape in the eye which is what makes a hammer head stay tight to the handle. If you’re going a to make things acting like someone you’re not then at least act like you’ve made hammers before.
I visited San Francisco from here in the UK a few years ago, and it sounds like the situation there is similar to what we had a few years ago where we had like a 3 week heatwave, then a deluge of rain onto the dry ground. Result: Floods out the ass :(
27:45  Thump, thump, tap! Thump, thump, tap! "We will, we will ROCK YOU!"
POV: Adam chained you to the wall in his workshop and is now making a hammer with which he will crucify you.
What you made was a prop. When your handle breaks or gets loose at the head, you can improve it. Start with a decent wood like hickory, pallet wood should be recycled but not for handles. The head doesn’t rest on the handle, it has to tapper so you can keep driving it deeper. You seat a head by hitting the bottom of the handle with hard blows. And yes go with a smaller handle form you wanted in your heart, the better choice of wood will allow it.
Among the folks in the Louisville juggling club in the late 90s, 'juggles like a hammer' was the ultimate put-down for a juggling club -- too much weight in he head, and the handle is going to come around and hit you in the nose.
Adam is one of the biggest hoarders I know who will ACTUALLY use all the crap he ends up saving... I challenge you to do a 1 day build with some items in your shop you haven't touched in years!
I'm surprised he doesn't have some sort of kiln
did i miss it or you didnt harden it again? basicly you have a soft hammer?
I'm loving this series as much as anything, but the background music consistently makes me want to go back to playing old games, specifically to Star Control 2 :D
I wanted to see him hammer something at the end! So disappointed! At first I thought the title 'Garbage hammer' meant that Adam built a hammer which ultimately performed crappily, but the 'garbage' word had to do with where he found the material from! But nevertheless, footage of him hitting a nail with that hammer would have been satisfying and seeing he's reaction of can the tool do what it's meant for! 😁
27.45 We will, we will...
13:12 "Today, on How it's Made... A Trash hammer."
Does this sound like music from an 8-bit game to anyone else? 19:54
I scrolled for a while, but didn't find anyone who got the Sharkey's Night reference
Hammer looks great and all, but tell me more about that Firefly poster on your door!
This may be a dumb question but how were steel tools made... before steel tools were made? Like how were the first steel tools made?
I love this project! One small critique:  the eye of the hammer should be slightly hourglass shaped. Then when the wedge is driven in it ensures that the head will not fly off during use.   I have made one hammer handle, for a hammer that my father-in-law gave me. Yours looks better!!!
If you ever decide to make another, your eye needs a taper from both sides. The top taper helps to stop the head flying off, the bottom taper helps to stop the handle snapping at the base of the hammer. You should really have cut a slit in the handle so you could drive in a wooden wedge, then the metal wedge goes in 90 degrees to that. If you heat treat it just heat up the faces to orange let the heat soak back about an eighth of an inch let it cool to blood red and quench it in water. I'm a retired hammer and axe maker and other than the above you did a really good job
cooling rate of heated steel changes hardness because it affects which microstructure is formed. water quench will make harden steel by forming martensite while air cooling will make soft steel by allowing large layered pearlite to form.
Please someone with the musical editing skills - there's definitely a banger here (pun intended): * That alien sound at 19:55 * Hammering the hammer with a hammer (27:44) * "Garbage hammer - mhm!" (29:34) * Assorted Adam-noises
That's an excavator bucket pin, which usually are chrome molybnenum steel. Good stuff when you need hardness and tensile strength!
Always fun to watch you, fancy coolant lathe. I wanna work for you anytime !!!
It's one of the rods to attach a bucket to a back hoe
abbsolutely love it instaly i started thinking about what junk i can turn into something awesome
at around 10:04, my GF chimed up with "So they have the same temperament?"
It didn't look like you had flashback arrestors on your gas axe?
Thor would be happy
Great work. I've just finished a retro fit of the Jada 1/24 scale Ecto 1 to it's black version. It was a fun build.
Finally a TOT face reveal.
Did anyone else hear we will rock you when he lock that hammer head down?
It’s what works for you.
The label tape lasagna on the clapboard at the start is sending me.  Really beautiful hammer, & the progress footage was lovely to see.
@27:46 only me waiting for a "we will rock you" ? :D     And Niiice hammer Adam, lovely work as always
The rhythm of blows when driving in the wedge at 27:40 set me to thinking where I had heard it before.!it is the basis for Queen’s We Will Rock You. Amazing!  There is a video about AI winning art contests with its generated images (and the ramifications thereof). Suppose the same thing is applied to one day builds? Suppose you said “build me a hammer that yadda, yadda, yadda?” Some day we will have a CNC machine fed by robotic hands with a hopper on top where you can toss in a block of wood, a chunk of steel (and thou), and it does the rest. Wouldn’t you like to watch that process? I can’t wait!
You should really re-harden the hammer head or it's just going to deform if you hit anything substantial with it.  You mounted it to the handle so probably can't do it with the torch unless you very carefully heat it only on the business ends.  You also left that dimple on the smaller end that I was a bit confused by unless you're just never planning to hit anything with that side to worry about it.
27:46 "We will, We will, Rock you"
so you softened the steel then didnt re harden the steel.  so you made a dead soft steel hammer. you need a kiln in your shop
That second-to-last hammer (and last mallet) (@ 32:34) looks like some sort of Three Stooges hammer.  And I mean that in the best possible way.
“Can I cut this with something I have laying around?” Cut to Adam cutting with a DeWalt portable band saw that was just laying around. 😂  Glad I now know this tool exists. I will borrow or rent one when I need it.
This takes me back like 15 years to freshman year shop class. Not that it mattered for what you were doing but if you can stop the live center with your finger than its not supporting the work
I thought it could've been a king pin?
Good title.
On that note: Interesting - so you dont have many (proper) carving tools. I'd probably have used the sawing away method for a bit, but then directly switched to proper carving tools. Maybe time to invest in some? That'd "carved" away quite a bit of time, so to speak :)
Chocolate and Stell .. wtf - so because of my deep interest in cooking I now also know how to temper steel? Thats .. both outrageous AND awesome xD
17:00  || |  ||| |  || || ||| MA EIN USE
from the title I thought it was going to be too soft now to strike anything, that got me thinking, do you need to "re temper " it? I know nothing about metal... apart from the music
Use More Coolant!
Adam used the hammer to build the hammer
Dude I get your tiny surely over priced planes are adorable but seriously grab a couple (round bottom and flat bottom no need for anything to collectable) of spoke shaves because they're awesome little tools
i love how i am like hey a hammer, and then he talks about rain for like forever...
If it's your hammer as long as it works for you it's fine . just like the hammer I own I got from my grand dad that even he didn't know where it was made . it's made from a very large piece of hexagonal gun stock and weighs 4 lb's you can tell it was shop made and most likely from just before or during WW1 . I have owned it since the late 70's and it's still my favorite hitting tool over all the time I have owned it . the damn thing has always just worked it's a hammer it doesn't need to be fancy it just needs to work
I have to chuckle as I look around Adam’s shop. The things that are hanging in my shop are similar to his thought process of hanging stuff in his shop! The first layer of stuff to the viewer may try to portray disorganization and clutter. To me it looks similar to my place, ya like home!  Adam is educated and no doubt way sharper than I. I do possess a good deal of understanding the stuff he shares with his viewers.  His tenacity in design, patience and results is similar to mine. The show he shares makes me feel that I am not alone in my quest for oddness & perfection. Thats why I love his show. Brothers from different mother’s ? Hmmm 🤔 Keep it up Adam,  I get it, you make me feel satisfied with myself 🤓
There are three factors that all interact to give you an alloy's physical properties.  The first and most obvious is the composition.  The next two are the deformation (shear) history and the thermal history (heat treatment). The properties of an alloy depend largely on the microstructure, overlaid on the basic properties of the metals. If you take an alloy and let it cool down from melt slowly enough you get a close enough to equilibrium lowest energy microstructure.  That's usually awful - large grains, uniform and ductile, soft. When you deform the metal, you break up that large grain size - or stop it from forming as it cools.  When you heat treat it, quench it, you don't give it time to form that ideal grain and phase it would eventually form, but gets stuck in an intermediate state - which can be a completely different phase structure.   for example, when you quench carbon steel, you form Martensite is iron crystals with carbon atoms stuck between the iron atoms rather than forming a distinct separate phase like graphite or iron carbide - those stuck carbon atoms make the iron lattice stressed wherever there is a Carbon atom and that stops the mechanism that allows deformation from moving easily - so the yield point is dramatically increased so much so that the iron becomes very hard and brittle. When you then temper it, you allow some of the carbon atoms to move to a more ordered configuration, relieving the stress and softening the steel...  Tempering is an annealing treatment.  You give the metal a chance to move towards that ideal microstructure.  The other part of making metal is the deformation treatment.  That results in texture and deformation miocrostructures that you can't get by heat treatment alone - not even close!  So you can anneal hardened steel but if it's properties included specific deformation processing, annealing will destroy that too and you can't get that back by heat treating.
Love the "made by" stamp! How is that made?
Great video.
28:43 - Giggity.
Holy smokes,that's a cool looking hammer.
Adam I know the chart says to spin your drill that fast but you cant feed a drill on a bridgeport hard enough to hit the SFM numbers on the chart, you cant make a big enough chip to pull the thermal energy away from the cut fast enough, at least at that size. You're making a really good effort hanging off that handle though! You're past the nervous apprentice part and I can see that you understand what a good chip *feels* like just by watching you run that drill. This is a big step in intuition that I struggle to teach people.
Really hesitant just picking and working with scrap metal after watching that episode of House where dad make a keychain out of a bit of scrap metal and it turns out to be radioactive.
A) How do you not have an annealing furnace? You can build one yourself.  B) How did you not melt that AT-AT into a puddle?
Anyone else notice the "We will, we will rock you....." beat when he's pounding in the wedge?
I'm glad he's not dead, I enjoy watching him built stuff but bigger and better👍
I expected him to be wearing a better watch
Does anyone know where I can get one of those stamps with my signature on it? that would be useful, for now I just woodburn my name, but would love to get more into the metal working, I do a lot of it already, but would love to do more and that stamp would be useful.
28:43 Adam Savage | Out of Context 😂😂😂
27:45 🎵 WE WILL, WE WILL ROCK YOU! 🎵
I waiting for the AT-AT to slowly melt on to the bench. 😂
Watching this makes me wonder why Adam has never tried blacksmithing on the channel
"I'm about to hit that. I'm gonna hit it nice and hard" Just gonna leave that there
Wood and metalwork at the same space nice
I don't understand why you stay in SF, it has turned into a garbage dump
Old guy chats shit about the weather.. great
The Northwest doesn't get torrential rain like you're talking about. The Northwest gets the pissy rain most always.
Boiled Linseed Oil.
Oh my god I wanna sample so many parts of this video for music. 27:45 alone is practically a rhythm track by itself!
Great work as always.
I know this won't get any traction (as I ask every couple of years, lol) but I think it'd be amazing for Adam to send a treasured shop tool to My Mechanics (YouTube restorer extraordinaire) and have him completely refurbish it.  It would be a phenomenal crossover project.
Careful you don't get a copyright strike for pounding out the beginning of "We Will Rock You" about 28 minutes in.😊 Really nice job on the hammer, Adam.
I *cannot* be the only one who started signing around the 27:50 mark!  "Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise"  🙂
Were you intending to make a PLANISHING hammer?
YOU NEED TO DO JOE ROGAN
What's the problem with knots in a hammer handle?
Why do so many hammers have at least one end of the head that's bigger at the end, with a "neck"? What's the advantage? Is it just to make it lighter? Are there drawbacks, ilike in robustness?
I love your machine shop despite it being a total fire hazard :)
When are you going to harden the faces?
Just a bit don’t fly in it
At 27.45,  I  was waiting for you to start singing Queen 'We will rock you' . Had the intro beat just right 😀
We all know that laugh when u get something to work you weren't sure about. That's the same laugh he gave after he got it to drill. Muahahaha
I find it funny that early in the video you keep "this project" a secret BUT the screen shot on YT and the Description BOTH say "HAMMER!!"
27:40 WE WILL.. WE WILL ROCK YOU!
I like how he can say "I have a *whistle* to *click click* in there" and we can still know what he means
30:56 Really hammering down on the nitty gritty huh?!
"We've got a doonk, doonk and a pop, pop."
And as always: here I am a out a half hour in the future trying to figure out where the past 30 minutes went. Great stuff
Yo! Totally going to look for that tiny wood plane!! 24:50
You should attempt the 'perfect camera tripod' and probably fail but create your own, better, gorillapod
I think your cave represents your brain. Other people may think it’s a mess of junk. Tools and materials are all you need to make anything. ‘Don’t touch my tools or materials’ The ability to find the diamond in the rough is something we share. (“One man’s trash is another man’s treasure” no, this is treasure and some idiot tossed it!) What I would give to spend a day with you in your cave is priceless.
Hammer?!? I hardly know 'er!!!
I think you got the bolt identification wrong. It looks like a THC-1138 to me.  ;P
Isn't that a jackhammer bit?
The month of rain didn't fall in the right places to be caught by the reservoirs...but...whatever...
Why do hammers often have a tapered section between the part that hits the nail and the part that the handle goes through? Is it simply for weight reduction, or does it serve a mechanical/stress purpose?
You need another hammer to make a hammer. 😂😂😂😂
you annealed it but did you ever go back and heat treat it again to bring its hardness back up?  did i just miss that part?  because you "signed it" after installing handle.
should the faces be heat treated?
someone needs to cut the hammering section in with Queen
27:45 We will, we will, rock you!
You should tell your boss he has to buy you PPE
It’s fine!
Don't worry about proportions. Look what Thor has to work with an he does OK.
Anyone else who was concerned about him holding the solid metal file right next to some outcroppings of his lathe that was spinning at who knows how many RPM? I'm no OSHA expert, but that didn't look particularly safe to me.
Start the video at 27:45 and yell the following: "Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place." ...or was it just me
The wood is oak which is commonly used for pallets. It's amazing what you can do with a piece of scrap metal when you have thousands of dollars worth of machinery and tools.🤣 You did make a fine hammer my friend. ✌🏻
Watching Adam is almost like watching the crew at Fireball Tool make my dream shop!
Fun to watch (at 1.25X).  Genuine question: after the annealing to soften it, shouldn't the final product have been rehardened  before adding the handle?
“I think this will be fine” Famous last word
WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU had I hammer the bar in to hold the hammer head in place lol
You could compare annealing to other crystaline structures that everyone knows. Because steel isn't the only thing that reacts like this.  Sugar does the same thing. If you make ice cream and let it cool down slowely it will develop large crystals and the ice cream will feel sandy and horrible. If you pour the ice cream mixture in liquid nitrogen it won't have the time to build large crystals and it will be nice and creamy.  Same with other crystals, they grow larger when you let the cool down more slowely.
That's not the order of operations I would have done... but it's still a hammer and a pretty spiffy one at that.   I definitely would have hardened tha faces, but if you're using for sheet metal it'll be fine enough.
ngl kinda hoped it was a pipe bomb.
What are you going to use that hammer for ⚡️
Only forged hammers are good hammers. All other hammers are pathietic **nts.
Yeah, the infection of the home machinist, wood worker, do-it-yourselfer, etc.   I'm quite familiar with that disease. ( i"ll take that home and keep it, I might use it for something.)
27:46 "WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU!"
27:45  We will, we will, ROCK YOU!!
😂 garbage hamer sounds a little too enthusiastic.😂👍
10:02 Just don't try to heat your chocolate to red hot.
Love the channel Adam! Keep it up! But seriously, how are your ears??? You almost never use hearing protection. You should, if not only to show those with ears that are not already shot that it´s not "un-cool" to protect one of our few human senses. I´ve worked enough loud places to meet people who think like that. They are all broken...
It´s got a dunk dunk and a...pop pop. God ..one hast to love you for things like these :)
Every bit of scrap is a ............
I got so much vicarious joy from watching you make a beautiful, functional object from scrap. Thank you!
damn it Adam you need to wear safety glasses or those DeWalt googles that go over your glasses!!!
Best video yet!
*I love how thick and tall your tape overs are on your clapboard!!!*
"I FEAR THAT THE FURURE HOLDS MORE OF WHAT THE PAST HAS DELIVERED...."  I think I'm going to hold onto that quote and just drop it into appropriate comment threads as needed...
A video designing his own an paper and then building it would be very cool. get to see even more of his creative input
Of course Adam has an IRL Klein bottle just laying around some random shop table.
Anyone else have the urge to stomp stomp clap along when he was putting the pin in the top of the hammer or was it just me?
You know the old saying, when the only thing you've got is garbage, everything looks like a hammer.
You need a BIGGER shop.
You should really have re-heat treated it
Nice chasing hammer
Only Adam Savage can get away with sniffing discarded public metal
You and Beau Miles would get together on a junk tool collab
The man can smell nefarious.
I could easily live in your shop and never get bored! Adhd would be very happy making stuff! Plus there is enough stuff in there I’m sure I could build a hybrid solar, wind and water electric generator
This is one of my favorites so far watching the channel.
I know it’s not a new question on this channel but thoughts on gloves and spinny things?
I am a blacksmith / bladesmith and I know what you mean by "Oh I can make something with that piece of steel"!! lol
Really should have tapered off the shoulders on the handle to make a smooth transition. That square edge can create a weak point. And a point of leverage for the head to work against making it loosen over time.
"Oooooh, stock!"  -I know this affliction.
Love this could watch you do things like this all day
Anyone else hear Queen "We Will Rock You" when Adam was setting the handle?
Hmm, maybe should've hardened the hammer head?
Did he reharden the metal or did I miss it?
Don't stain. Linseed oil. :)
27:45 - We will rock you going through your head? :)
i love when you get to the end of adams videos you think its over........then theres a whole treasure trove of his thoughts just randomly there.
Could you have melted it down to forge the hammer rather than cut the scrap metal away from the hammer?   The tools and techniques would be much different of course, but could that have been better in terms of reducing clean up of waste material? I don't know what melting the metal would do to its composition either.  I guess its just a different way of going about it. The end result is still no less then chief kiss.
you are the coolest person adam.
I see the potential of a whole new build category: scrap builds
Good work I love a scrap project. Just curious if this head shape has any specific purpose, I skipped through some of the video if it was mentioned.
11:03 My reaction totally matched Adam's reaction when the drill bit started cutting. How satisfying to see physics in action!
So I guess Adam's gone from his book "Every Tool is a Hammer" to "Every Scrap is a Hammer". This has been fun, thank you!
I would suggest you heat up the striking surface and quench or you will have a hammer with a bunch of dents in it...
Cringed when I realized he wasn''t going to move the AT-AT before the torching process.  Cringed more when he aims torch in that direction.
Shoot!  I lost that hunk of steel in S.F. a few weeks ago and have been searching for it ever since.
I like how you have to reach over the bench grinder/polisher to turn it off, hope ya don't wear any loose clothing/long sleeves 👌
Think of steel in the terms of a ship's armor (see channel Drachinifel for video). Hardened steel is stronger (less flexible) and more brittle, softer steel is more flexible and easier to pierce. A ship's armor needs to be made of both, so that the outer face will resist penetration, while the flexible side keeps it from shattering. Temperature (such as the north Atlantic waters) changes the ideal flexible–brittle transition.
Awesome work. Also, love the "How It's Made" style music.
Steve Mould did a great demonstration recently of how heat treating works using a steel ball lattice- the bearings form shapoes similar to how steel molecules form crystaline grain structures, and "heating" the lattice, via a vibration machine (heat is just vibration of the molecules) the crystal lattice structure normalizes and become more amorphic.
Normally, heavy machinery pins are made with mild steel covered with a layer of chrome !! You removed the layer of chrome so you basically made a mild steel hammer haha
the shelf you made will cause the handle to crack, Adam!   I've made plenty handles in my life from scratch.  You want it to just taper out so it's always tightening as it sinks.   use a good hardwood wedge on top and soak the head and handle in linseed for 24hr.
Would it have made sense to heat-flash-cool the steel? Or would that be useless/overengineering? :)
Ideally, the slot for the handle should be tapered. So the wedge in the end locks the handle in place. What would be the easiest way to machine that?
Adam sees random piece of metal on ground: CROW BRAIN ACTIVATE!
Very cool!
Unexpected Laurie Anderson/William S Burroughs...
15:33 precisely
Anyone else getting mild Blade Runner vibes from the music choice at around 12:12 ?
I regularly score salvage in my city. I've made numerous project out of material that cost me nothing.
Did you harden that hammer head before putting the handle on?
It's an old window or door weight to counterbalance a window or close a door
Broken window weight is my guess
Keep it up Adam! Remember, REDUCE, REUSE, RECYCLE! The first two before the last!!! Reusing is great! If I had my own shop I wouldn't waste any scrap... Even metal/wood shavings would be compressed and reused for something!
This was a really satisfying build. I mean, nobody wakes up and say "I want to make a hammer", but I'm glad you did! :)
pretty sure that's a pull saw adam. also, whack the haft from the bottom to seat it.
Adam's trip to the Met Armor Workshop has rubbed off! With that broad, slightly curved face, that is a great planishing hammer for making armor. And other sheet metal banging, too.
I'd like to order two please <3
Adam, you should be wearing tinted darker lenses when ever using your torch!
27:45   Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'
honestly my brain instantly goes to forging like "can i melt this down?" and what to make with it.
The is a hammer making hammer, for making your next hammer.
We will, we will rock you , rock you bang bang pop bang bang pop! Nice touch there Adam! Yes some of us got it. Lol
Is Adam our generation's Bob Ross?
So during his polishing what is that brick looking thing he is putting in before putting in the hammer head?
At about 11:07, I heard the satisfying sound of proper chips and swarf forming 😁👍
Gotta harden the head
Thor would be proud.
27:45: Hey, which song's rhythm were you trying to beat to?
Oh shoot, I thought you were gonna retemper your new hammer head! Why didn't you retemper it?
19:55: Haha, what song were you trying to have your multitool sing? Sounds like something that would fit the Halloween season! (See "Floppotron" for details.)
"If you just let them cool...."  By what: stagnant air, or...?
We will, We will rock you!
This chunk you're working on looks a little like a chunk of that device you put it between two parts of, there! Hmmm...!
"I thought to myself...."  Hey, Adam, can you "think to someoene else" in this world?
That looks like the pin that holds the loader bucket to the lifting arm..
I don't know when you recorded this, but by the time you _posted_ it, even if it still felt like your typical winter, it had already been over for 3 weeks.
Paint that AT-AT!!!!!!!!
Adam when can we see a line of hammers with your signature for sale at our local hardware store? We would love to have one! Great build from repurposed materials NOT garbage!
That's a nice looking hammer, but since you never rehardened it, I hope you're not planning on hammering any steel with it
I wonder if the hardness is different from top to bottom due to the welds at the end
19:54-sounds like a spooky old  video game song.
looks like it might be part of one of those driveway security post things
Who is Maggie? El doggo? Kid? I am guess a doggo
it's so sad looking at you after many years past discovery times. sorry, nostalgic... but waste of time. going back to some good mythbusters.
27:49 Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street Gonna be a big man someday
Leather wrap the head for soft surface work.
Wtf? You make a 30min video about constructing a hammer and fail to nail a single nail!? Ridiculous.
Playing musical hammers while setting that wedge.😅
I can't be the only one with complete satisfaction of the musical finish with building a hammer with another hammer! 🤎
Is it to much to ask that I have a complete makers shop like Adams in my back yard......
No happy pie day ? Lol
304 stainless steel.
I remember watching the pilot episode the night it premiered of Mythbusters when I was 12. Now I am a machinist myself in the aerospace industry. Very nice video.
First I was like nooo but then I realized that it was probably carbide tooling and not hss
You didn't end the video with the hammer being used 🙁
Awesome builds in the shop (⁠◔⁠‿⁠◔⁠)
27:46 We will, we will, we will ROCK YOU!
This was so fun to watch!
Love this and must say i am extremely jealous of all your cool machine shop tools!!!! So I did notice one small thing missing.... that is an automatic hammer press.  Then my friends you could have forged that hammer head!!!  Always enjoy watching your builds!!!
What is the cutting oil bottle with a needle tip he uses on the mill and lathe?  I really like that!
I watched a man play with garbage.  I think i might be weird.  Do more!
That's obviously a hardened pin.maybe even chromed.usually pretty hard surface and softer in the middle.
The knots in the handle aren't the problem. It's that it's probably made of pine or spruce. Cheap, soft wood to make  pallets out of.
How did I not know I was into hammer porn before this?
Surprised you didn't have an actual forging-forge in the Aladdin's Cave of yours.  Never forged anything? An obvious area of skills to learn and demo???
I can not stop fixating on the ugly floor... I wouldn't be able to focus on my task until it was repainted, preferably with some really industrial grade epoxy resin -based paint, with anti-slip granules added strategically
Adam playing we will rock you on the hammer.. new kinda music. the lil sander was also quite musical :D rewatch for that it's worth it once you notice it. also can i just say i LOVED watching some one else wrestle with addhd while working on something.. it made me feel happy to see im not the only one who does it :D
I want a chocolate sword!
I love that feeling when you confirm proof of concept and the happiness of a new project!
The fact that they drilled it and stuck a grade 2 bolt through it, indicates that it would not be good hammer stock
Thank you. This was so lovely to watch. I've recently moved to Japan from South Africa, and your videos and teachings made up a lot of my childhood. I also built a lot of things with my father over the years, so overall this was such a nostalgic video, and brought forth many pleasant emotions. To conclude, I hope you are doing well, and I wish you all the best.
So you stole
not amorphic (of course),  that would be more "glasslike"- the structure is still "crystaline" but larger grains when normalised, or possibly annealed. -  with heating - and/or controlling the cooling  - within and about the critical temperature ranges - hardened steel is more complex than something like hard drawn copper or brass.
shouldn't the head be hardened again?
One thing you appear to have forgotten is to put a taper in the slot so that when you drive the wedge into it, it has purchase on the slot and prevents the hammer head from coming off. 5 degrees included angle (split from vertical) is usually fine.
This honestly hurt to watch. Most of it was fine, but knowing that the hammer eye is parallel internally means that there's no real mechanical hold. I wouldn't trust that hammer in my shop because of that. There's a reason hammers are made with an hourglass negative profile.
Seeing Adam work with mild steel makes me want to see Adam try DIY case hardening.  Old fashioned case hardened metal is gorgeous.
I like how you brought up the cause/effect of heating.  I’ve always wondered about bath water, if it’s screaming hot, you stick your foot in, it burns for a second or two, then it burns again the next time you move your foot…….is it just getting fresher hotter water on the skin or is stirring the water making it hotter(by manually agitating the molecules from where they were)
After machining did you case harden the steel ? If so how?
Wrong order of operations on the lathe … turn the smaller side first next time .. also use an indicator the runout was visible with my eye
Sandpaper on the lathe .. running the carriage over it and grinding it into the ways lol 😂
That pin is likely a retaining pin. I usually see them in tye counterweight of a telehandler or forklift for when you need to drag them out of a stupid situation you put them in(or to drag something around with them).
The head looks flatty-wacky lol
you didn't heat treat it?!?!!!!!
Looks like a pin for a back hoe bucket. To make the pin last longer weld a plate on one end and throw a bolt on the other end to act as a pin. Its a quick cheap fix to get thru a job but what usually happens the weld breaks and the bolt stays in and the pin falls out when they have it loaded on the trailer going to another job. Pallet wood is either pine or oak. If the 2X4 is heavy its oak if its light its pine and not suitable for a hammer handle.
Could you re-harden that hammer head if you wanted ?
Why with your wealth of tools you still use adjustable spanners (wrench)  The right size spanner is always better than an adjustable! Are all your spanners imperial or do you have metric too?
This reminds me of this channel CEE… just smaller.
Wouldn’t you need to heat treat it?
It’s a wain-Roy pin
I saw your MH-60R keychain hanging there and I have a similar one. Seahawk is a heck of a platform not many know about. 9:11
That lil whiskey barrel bugger was cute, and i agree super cool.
27:45 Queen - We Will Rock You
looks like a worn out bucket pin for a excavator
It sounds like a pinball machine when Adam is rearranging his hammers on the rack!
27:45 WE WILL....WE WILL.....ROCK YOU
OK. At 27:50. We Will We Will ROCK YOU!
Pipe bomb is the first thing I thought of. Ballsy to dig into it.
Did you just invent machine shop ASMR? Cause I think you just invented machine shop ASMR. Seriously though, that is a beautiful hammer. I studied metalsmithing in college and while I was there, I developed an appreciation for hammers ... and that's a fine looking hammer.
I wonder if he meant to do We Will Rock You lol
Great stuff, Adam!  would you mind giving some information on the neat little plane you used on the handle?
A trick to annealing some hardened steels, is you have to heat them up red hot like you did, but then bury it a bucket of sand or vermiculite and let it cool very slowly until cool to the touch. Basically over night. Typically hole in the hammer is drifted in from both sides. That way it has a taper on both sides, and when you drive in you wedge it spreads out the top half. Locking it on the hammer handle to keep it from coming off later
27:45 ♫ We will, we will, rock you ♫
Anybody else start singing We Will Rock You. At the end of the video??! No??? Me only… ok
any one else notice queen's ' we will rock you ' ln the vid ?  27:44
I beleive that's possibly a hydraulic hammer bit they break often however that explains the  softness on the end due to the operator overheating it causing the break.
Be careful with annealing unknown steels as some like A2 tool steel actually harden when cooling in air after heating. They are called "air quench" steels hence the A in the A2. You probably won't find such a big chunk of tool steel though
was hoping you'd show us using it
Would there have been any advantage to rehardening the hammer after you got it to the form you wanted? Looks like it would be good for pounding out dents on fenders in a car body shop.
Brain:  Pinky have you seen the  Transport Lockpin I custom made for my nuclear missile launcher? Pinky:  Haven't seen it Brain.  Well what will we do tonight Brain? Brain:   The same thing we do every night Pinky.......think up ways to take over the world!
You never rehardened the head. So your faces are going to need to be repolished from time to time.
What a joy to watch. I was amused when you proclaimed it was mild steel, if it did indeed come from construction equipment it was undoubtedly hardened, good thing you knew to anneal it. When I was a hobbyist blacksmith I made all manner of tools from all manner of junk, from shaping tools, to cutting tools to hammers and tongs. Been twenty years since I've actively done it, but just a small tip for you in the future, when you're installing a handle into a hammer, or axe for that matter. cut a split into the section you're going to put into the eye, and when seating it don't strike it handle first onto a table or hard surface. Instead turn it upside down, and hit the base of the handle with a rubber mallet. It will force the head up, and seat firmer. You also don't run the risk of damaging your new tool when you do it this way. Regardless, once again I loved to watch your work, and see your creations come to life.
You did that wrong... Garbage
Not only is every tool a hammer, apparently every piece of garbage Adam finds on the street is too 😂.  Also, I wonder why when you drill into metal without proper cooling fluid you heat it up and that work hardens it and you break a drill bit, yet, you heat up something before drilling into it and it makes it drill-able.  Kinda feels like making the molecules move faster can yield incredibly different results based on the process.
I just hope whichever crew left that piece behind gets to see what it became.
The weather is controlled by the government let that sink in, I know you don't think that is happening, but it is, so when California has a drought and people are suffering you know who to blame. And you can thank your government for the 32 ft of snow in the mountains oops a little bit too much cloud seeding. Just find out what Bill Gates has in store for you, in order to protect you LOL
It’s more than FINE! 😂😂😂👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼❤️
Somewhere in San Fran there’s a job site that’s shut down because some guy stole an essential part to their heavy equipment. Tragic. 😢
Ok we are definitely going to need more on this chocolate tempering.
Did you really build a hammer then not show us a shot of you hitting something with it? A nail at least?
Question : Is there a video of Adam making his signature metal stamp ?
5:06 That is definitely T.H.E. bolt to have!
Is that “How It’s Made” soundtrack during the lathe milling?
Love the little song you made at 19:54
Warning. Epic Guitar Riff 19:55
Thank goodness he put song over machine sounds.
Nice video.  I love seeing something made from junk.  Couple tips: Are you going to harden the ends? Tiny hammers can probably get away with just a metal wedge. But if you did a wood wedge, then the metal wedge perpendicular to it, it would be tighter.  Completely tapering where the head come to a stop (instead of the shelf you cut into the handle) helps squeeze it onto the handle. When you seat the head, hang the hammer upside down and strike the bottom of the handle. It seemed like the wood grain was going the wrong way, but I didn’t get a good look at it. It should be going in the direction of the head.  I wish my shop looked like yours.  Great collection
27:45  "Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday..."
Gotta love that you can tell that he's in maker mode when he's got his left sleeve pulled up
27:45 WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU!!!
Love the video but damn does it make my skin crawl to see him handle the oxy torch with the tank close by and the hoses pointed towards his general work space. Like that was something that was drilled into me first working in the metal fab shop.
Why didn't you harden it again?
yeah Adams are always moving lol
Love the project, but shouldn't that hammer head be re-hardened?
Did you harden it again before you put the handle on?
Double speed at 27:45 gives you a nice rhythm... lovely how the "garbage" hammer turned out, I also never throw away "stock" that I find somewhere myself!
Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin' We will, we will rock you We will, we will rock you
craftsmanship was on point, was there any particular reason not to reharden the steel?
If that were hardened and it was a pin   Imagine it being past it’s breaking point  It wouldn’t bend nor would it warp, it would explode
27:46 "WE WILL, WE WILL, ROCK YOU!"
We are watching both a man mentally spiralling and also a creative genius
Also you got ordered and amorphic backwards. Larger crystal grain size - soft. Smaller grain size, all the way up to amorphic- hard.
8:00 - I know how annealing works. I was wondering, why's he waving a naked flame about so close to that big detailed model?!!!
Its so strange, On the one had his explanation of heat treatment/tempering is so valuable. His skill at that I think is unmatched. But then he makes a steel hammer with a hole in the face of it? go figure.
Mild temps and spritzy rain is my favorite weather EVER.
Adam has made his hammer, he is Worthy.
What a postering ninny.
17:32 You should rotate the polisher around so you're not reaching over it to flip the switch. Risk here of your arm/sleeve getting caught in the polishers.
hit some stuff with it!
Glad you didn't get pingged for We Will Rock You at 27:45
Without using it I can see problems with hammer's rim because it can break off the hammer while using it.
Adams are always dancing around.  Yup.
An induction heater would be the equivalent for metal as a microwave oven is to water. Heating the material itself without first heating its environment.
Was anyone else singing "We Will Rock You" to themselves while Adam hammered that metal wedge in the top of the handle? 🤣🤣🤣
While you were drilling the metal after having annealed it, large metal shavings can be seen flying in all directions and you have no eye protection on apart from your glasses. Not only is this unwise, it's also a very bad example
Would you heat it up again and cool faster to make it harder for hammering or would it shatter using that type of steel?
Why the HELL would anyone live in that crap hole? People are leaving that dump in droves, as they should!
Adam talking about nostalgia as I reminisce on my childhood and how he and the myth busters team got me more into physics and science than school ever did. I miss watching this show with my sister every summer staying from school, but I’m so glad I was able to experience it
When drilling through steel i know using oil is good but arent you supposed to keep the rotations of the bit down low?  Looks like he was really going at it with speed.
shouldent he of made the metal hard again after he annealed it?
Too many people cut with Japanese saws like they would with a western one. Don't cut on a push. Like at all, just guide the saw back, full length. On a pull just pull, don't push down an a saw. Pull fast, the whole range, with a soft relaxed hand, like if you are pulling a long extension cord to yourself. No those western inch long movements back and forth.  The whole point of a thin blade and its backwards angle is that you can pull it and that will stretch the blade straight.
Making a hammer and a half-hour video of the making-of-process and then not even using the hammer to hammer a single thing even once should be against the Geneva convention. For shame Adam.  Nice hammer though
Why's this dude come across as super ham-fisted?
trench box pin is my guess, looks like the top flange sheared off.
did he just quote Sharkey's Night? one of the most obscure songs i know, of course Adam knows it
As a note you could have left the piece on the lathe to buff it, make a paint stiring stick with suede or leather on it like you filed the part just before buffing, and use the leather stick to strop it on the lathe to buff it super nice.
Hammerhead Sharkey's Day
I happened to be playing civ 6 while watching this, and unlocked the ballistics technology, the quote attached is from Adam
Adam’s Smasher
That up close machining kept making me wince -- it felt like thise chips were trying to get in my eye.
I feel so much better about myself knowing that I'm not the only one that sees scrap like this and goes "oooo what could I do with that?"
Wow, nice shop, dude! :)
You forgot to harden the metal again after you finished and the wedge is in the wrong way by 90 degrees, every blow will work the wedge out like it is now, besides that all went well. Hope you weren't planning on using it long before it looks all beat up, you should remove the head and harden it (in oil).
Adam, I noticed when you loosened your Wilton vice, it was coming up off the base, maybe a future project? I would also love to see you get a vice from Fireball Tool. :)
Nice hammer, Adam. Thanks for showing us your hilarious machinist practices. Was thar an orbital sander in the early stages on the lathe?  Ideally, the hole in the head should taper slightly in both directions. And maybe you shoulda re-hardened the steel after annealing it for machining.
Yes, that is an expensive bolt. Keep it for sure.
im surprise you dont have a forge or the like to do a normalisation
i would use that, i was in auto body,  you should put some grating on the small side for shrinking metal and then it will truly complete
Gorgeous addition to the shop!
Would have been awesome to re harden the striking surfaces before fitting the handle. But it can be for light duty sheet metal work.
I haven't seen Adam in years and by my estimate he's getting younger. Dude is looking good.
7:33 A rosebud would have made short work of that.
Adam, your passion for life puts a huge smile on my face. Love watching your videos.
Oooo stock... 😂😂😂 couldn't have side it better myself
Can we have track ID for that song on the triangle sander? I got the Queen reference around @27:46
hey! seems to me you made the handle hole in the hammer straight . i Live in north western europe and we've always made our tool holes slightly cone shaped so that the handle wont slip out of the tool when the wood dry. i would totally love to see a mythbuster "special" with temperature and wood humidity to verify whether or not the handle may or may not slip out of the handle when it dries up. Especially when completely soaked, dried heathed up and cooled numerous times to simulate the seasons. and of course to make the tools specialiced we've hardened certain edges/surfaces and/or used different steel qualities and hammer-welded them together to utilize the different qualities of mild and hard steel. And of course harden different parts of the tool. Oh, and love your work:)
Watch out with pallet wood used for international shipping, although outlawed in Europe, some might still be sterilized through Methyl Bromide fumigation...not the most healthy stuff to be touching.
Looks nice, question should you have not re-hardened the working ends? First hard blow on another piece of steel could result in a piece coming off.
I doubt that you read the comments but you can always Spark Test the metals that you don't know what they are.
Your 13 dollar hammer looks a lot like a Corellian Corvette minus the engine nacelles.
That's your nearly-new workbench, isn't it? Man, it already looks like you've been using it for a hundred years!
You probably should have rehardened the strike faces before attaching the handle.
I know it’s not the normal material for your creations, but seeing steel being machined in this video with your unique approach to problem solving was fun to watch.
27:44 Singalong now...   Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'  We will, we will rock you We will, we will rock you
That used to be a pin for holding the bucket onto an excavator! The top is missing the wings on either side that prevent it from falling out. A big cotter pin goes into where that bolt is so that you can hot-swap various tools such as a hydro-hammer onto the machine for various tasks. The wings shear off after a while from scraping against the sides of the trench/ hole you are digging.
I did this. Only I sent it out to be case hardened and black oxided. Can't see how to post a picture.
I don't know woods either, but my first guess would be Pine. Looks piney to me!
That's a broken retaining pin, (probably from a large trailer coupler) of some sort. Whatever cross pieces were welded on top broke off and it fell out.
What brand light do you use? The one that is on the black bendy thing attached to your work bench. It looks like something I could use.
HIT something!!! 🔨
when you were knocking in the steel wedge. I started humming we will rock you by Queen. lol
You still need to treat you hammerheads
That looks like a master pin for a set of bulldozer or excavator track links. Or a pin that is apart of a bulldozer blade. What ever it came from it’s definitely heavy equipment related.
Interesting but a classic failure in the handle . Never make a shoulder as it will always strike against the head and work its self loose. . Always always taper. If you do not believe me just look at historic tools
That is some HOT garbage! Love it
Last year (winter of 21-22) New York had a "classic" New York winter, and it gave me the same nostalgia. Reasonably cold but not obscenely so, with a couple of really could snow storms in that 8-12" range, and a few more average snowstorms of 4-6". I missed that weather so much.
When he was hammering the wedge into the handle I thought he was starting to play Queen’s We Will Rock You. Lol
This is a HSO (hammer shaped object), not a hammer. It has not been heat treated and will be much too soft to actually use. The hole should  tapered so the wedge can expand the handle to lock it in place. The square cut shoulder on the handle makes it impossible to tighten the handle as the wood inevitably shrinks. It's also the weakest way of seating the connection,
As the handle doesn't quite fit, "It's driving me crazy, It's driving me nuts".
I love this! I've collected a lot of "trash" over the year and i'm inspired.
I liked the Dance Party demo
you made a really pretty hammer head
27:46 Weeee willl, weee willllll, ROCK YOU, ROCK YOU
Who the hell would ever live in San Francisco..talk about something being garbage
Adam Savage? Nah, Adam Scavenge.
27:45   Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin' We will, we will rock you We will, we will rock you
I never knew hammer making was so musical!
Did anyone else notice he used the theme song to "How It's Made"?🤣🤣
For wood identifying. The endgrain in the key. Also you should see what the make pallets out of in south american or Southern Asia/Indonesia
Interesting to compare and contrast Adam's hammer build to Clickspring Chris' hammer build a few days later.
I'm sad to see this didn't get properly heat treated, and the eye is straight walled, not an hourglass shape.  It limits the use to really light work.  But it is pretty.
@ 27:45...We will we will rock you!
this channel feels like the art attack for industrial designers
I did a very similar build with window weights
It's like American Beau Miles meets Pask Makes
As little as I know about metallurgy... First, heating something, cooling something... that hardening thing goes about steel. Other materials may or may not behave in a similar way, most of them do not. The chocolate molecular structure is nothing like steel. But accidentally, it can be thermally treated in some similar way. Second, hardening of steel is about iron and carbon atoms arranging themselves into different structures. These are all crystal structures, nothing amorphous here. But different crystal structures have different properties and do exists at different temperatures and pressures. It so happens, that when you heat and then cool steel, at some point it goes into the hard and brittle structure, and if you cool it "instantly" with water or oil, from right temperature, it gets "stuck" in a hard phase. If you cool it down slowly, it passes the hard phase goes to the soft one. Quite convenient for working with it. And all that goes about steel. The mix of iron, carbon and some other stuff, all in the right proportions. No carbon, no hardening. The nail (common, old school) is usually iron. Won't harden. The file is a just right amount of iron and carbon, hardens very well. Sharp, but rather brittle. For hammer it is somewhere in between. More carbon than a nail, less than file. So in general, whatever you want to build, the steel needed is different. You can make something out of random chink of steel, but it may or may not work very well. And if you want to use the hammer on anything harder than chalk, well... you probably would like to harden it. The steel used in this project has being hardened and used to be a part of some construction thing... so it is probably close enough. Now when the hammer is ready, it is too late, but all the time Adam was polishing it, I was screaming inside: harden! harden the face, then polish. And of course, that lathe center mark on a rear would render it not very usable for hammering.
heat treated?
We will we will rock you! 27:47
We Will We Will ROCK YOU
The rainy and dry seasons are like....natural.  It's been happening for the past 120 years of documented records.   Even the sea levels are nearly unchanged during that time, as evidenced by photos taken a century apart. Reduce pollution, but not because of AGW.
acetylene torch!? dont you have a sword forge?
Enjoyed that build. Thanks for sharing.
Make the armorers hammer from the mandalorian. That would be awesome!
Adam, The chunk of metal you found is actually part of Colin Furze's hydraulic chisel he made to dig the tunnel under his property. Would recognize it anywhere.
Okay, now I have to wonder when Adam is going to make the hammer and tools from the Mandalorian!
Sharkeys night!!!!! Excellent!!!!!!! Sadly only seen one mention of the quote! Pretty sad nobody seems interested in what it's from!
when you heat up it expands
YAY STOCK METTAL
Hahahaha. Love the sniff test!!
Beautiful use of something that was junk. Could be used as a metal shaper instead of a hammer?  The large handle would negate the vibration of striking it with a hammer.
27:51 That’s the secret recipe of that Hammer right there 😅 30:04  I don’t really know the need for a bunch hammer in your shop 😅
Go to 27:46 .... Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'  We will, we will rock you We will, we will rock you
“I’ve gotta (whistle) to (click click) in there.” I understood that completely. I believe we speak the same language 😂
gotta admit, waving that torch within 8 feet of that AT-AT made me nervous
27:45 WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU
You forgot to harden the ends.
Pure Craft Nerdiness with a touch ASMR and just a hint of unintentional musical copyright violation...We love it. Also..."I'm gonna hit that, and I'm gonna hit it hard, and I'm gonna put it on something hard when I do it." *Snicker*
Adam, it’s a lovely hammer, it’s a pretty hammer, but it ain’t a sexy hammer. But that’s ok.. lol
"...For the most part, Adams and molecules are always moving in some fashion..."
Taper the hammer hole .....
28:43 "I'm about to hit that. And I'm gonna hit it nice and hard. And I'm also gonna make sure it's *on* something hard..." Damn. I thought I'd left another tab or window open!
27:46 - who else start singing "WE WILL, WE WILL, ROCK YOU!" ?
27:45 We will, we will, rock you. Sorry could not not hear that haha.
That’s what happens when the groundwater is sold off to nestle…
I think all engineers live with this problem the possibilities, no matter the cost.
But why garbage?
Stop crying about the rain,...
"After months of searching the SFPD could not locate the blunt force murder object that the suspect claimed they tossed near the side of the road"
You shouldn't hit two hammers together, if only there was a show that could test the myth out that you shouldn't do that.
27:47 🎵"Buddy, you're a young man, hard man  Shouting in the street, gonna take on the world someday"
Judging by the way SFO is going down the pan just recently, with all the vermin running round, I think water excess/shortage is gonna be the least of your worries ..... lovely hammer though!
Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place...
Just a word of warning for anyone wanting to replicate this. Making hammers out of random metals can be a really bad idea. Before more precise mass productions, hammers would often chip and could lead to severe eye injuries.  As long as it is for a small “tappy” hammer like Adam’s and you use it accordingly, it is fine. Just be careful if you make something larger and use it to strike harder objects. Oh and wear eye protection!
OK, let me get this straight- Adam says steel and chocolate have the same tempering characteristics. That explains everything about why some attempts at making my own monster-sized chocolate bar have ended with a big soft (but delicious) mess.
oh boy did the editor looked at Adam's 80s feel watch and said lets put some Synths :) ?... lovely  hammer btw
was worth staying for the Hammer-Porn at the end
27:45 we will we will ROCK YOU xD
did he harden it again? xD
Loved every minute of this build, thank you.
I'd love to know the name of the music track that was playing during the handle shaping montage/time-lapse. Great video Adam as always . Love it ❤👍
Ironically, I think it looks like a tip from the hydraulic hammers used on the end of excavators for demolition. "Woodpeckers" as they are sometimes known.  Donk- Donk-Donk noise as they annihilate concrete etc.  You may have turned a hammer into.....well......a hammer.🤣  It would only case hardened to a few mm as the heat rejection to the quench can only reach so deep. You could have tack welded where you wanted to drill, and drill through there. If it was core hardened, it would shatter in use.   Hammers are usually forged so the grain structure "flows" in an advantageous way, then case hardened. It's also why you take care if you hit hardened steel on hardened steel as it can fragment really badly. Chisels have soft ends and hardened tips for that reason. You can see them rolled over at the hitting end, but harder at the tip.  It's also why welders sometime preheat on thick material and cool it slowly. If you get martensite from rapid cooling, you have the steel equivalent of glass.  Nice hammer though!
Looks like it was a hinge pin for a dump truck wings broke off and it must of fallen out
Bom,boom,Whap,..,.Boom,boom, Whap!.......Dude played the baseline to "we will rock you" driving that head onto the handle!
@27:45 We Will Rock You starts playing.
I was waiting for you to use your new hammer to at least once drive in a nail or something. That would have been a fitting way to end the video. It would prove that your "garbage" hammer was in fact definitely not "garbage".  Enjoyed and definitely jealous of that workshop of yours.
Not one test strike, Adam? I feel so unfulfilled!!
I would love to have a remix of 27:17 to 28:08. 😄
Fuck I love you bro❤
The way he understands that all material desires to be used, its few and far between.
Be careful with pallet wood.  Some of it is treated with poisonous chemicals that you don't want hanging around in your space.
Adam, that thing is a complete piece of trash. (TWO, actually!) Well done. BTW, there is NO woodworking project on earth that is not made more enjoyable by using a Japanese cabinet/trim work saw.
Okay seeing all the smoke and thinking about fumes…. What type of ventilation, filtration, and air quality monitors do you use in your shop? I use it air filers and monitors in my home.
If you heated it to make it softer, wouldn't you want to reheat it and cool it with water to harden it?
My dad Grew up in Lompoc California from age 5 to mid 20's and then in Fort Ord/Marina in 1986--1987 then San Luis Obispo 1988--1991 and he had to deal with the costal rains that come, Lompoc having visited a few times in winter has that same mist that you talk about.
Bang bang Adam's silver hammer came down upon her head.  Bang bang Adam's silver hammer made sure she was dead oh ohoh ohhhh. Lol
When you are on the lathe is that how it’s made music?
I am suprised Adam doesn't have a forge and or a rosebud torch head .
It's like, when I see a picture of a hole in a rock,  I want to know what made it.
Love it Adam.  My dad is a machinist, I’m a mechanic and together we restore old tractors. Whenever we that kind of stuff laying around, we do exactly the same thing.
the hammer 🔨 is beautiful and reminds me of my snap on boddy hammer boddy hammer are oddly shaped
If it's from a pallet it's most likely oak or pine.
we will we will rock you
I think would have been much better if you tempered the steel again
Adam, listen buddy... if you want to explain somthing without scientific terminology, and help me understand a concept... Do less of this 7:47 And more of this 15:35 muuuch more effective 🥸
PNW does not get torrent; it's also a median morning of rain is a fine mist that hardly falls. Like you wake up in fog.
That's one nice $400 chasing hammer you got there... just lowballing your labor costs. I looked on-line and I couldn't find anything like it for more than $40, so yours must be 10 times better!
27:45 Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace. Kicking your can all over the place...
Ummm... am I the only one who thought, at about 7:30, "Adam, move your lovely AT-AT away from the massive oxyacetylene torch"?
Next time you could just use a four flute coated endmill to create your hole on a hardened material
Just like me seeing every piece of wood in the world as a future project 😂
out of everything in his shop, im surprised he doesn't have an induction heater..
I remember that Japanese saw. Been years since I saw the video about it, though.
That's one NiCe mini Mjölnir. Truly made of Fenrir's Claw and Yggdrasil's finger
Props to the editor for mixing the music with the drill groaning, that was ace!
I have a question about the annealing:  After crafting the hammerhead, don't you need to get it red hot again and then cool it in oil in order to harden it again?
How long will it take you to move the shop when they pass reparations and you are forved to leave San Fran?
its nice to see some real-time milling footage unedited for once instead of sped-up, omitted, or otherwise edoted for content milling footage, so i can get a real sense for just how fast milling really is in the modern age. were you worried at all that the center of the stock maybe somehow didn't anneal when you went to drill all the way through it?
Every tools a hammer and now so is the "garbage" on the street
Anyone else start singing “we will, we will, Rock you” when he was putting the shim in?😜
I’m usually a pretty big fan of Adam’s projects, and often it’s useful to see how a generalist without a background in a particular area approaches things, as sometimes cross pollination from other disciplines can bring very valuable ideas, but there are a few things in how this was executed that need to be pointed out as definitely suboptimal.  I guess that humans have been making hammers for long enough now that the best ways to approach most aspects of the process have already been figured out.  Cutting tip for OA torch is definitely not ideal for annealing steel.  Forge is best, rosebud works, cutting tip makes it very tough to get even results and risks wrecking the material.  Socket for handle  should have been tapered into an hourglass shape. That would have been a bit tougher to do when machining rather than the more usual process of forging, but I can think of a couple of different ways it could have been achieved, if you really wanted to machine rather than forge. Cutting a cheeked tenon leaves an inherently weak spot in the handle, and the way this was done here also means that if it shrinks in the socket (as its pretty much guaranteed to do in the next California drought cycle, given how wet it has been recently) Adam will be unable to simply and easily tighten up the handle and re set the wedges as could be done with a conventional tapered socket and  handle shaved to fit. There’s not much point in using a tool steel rather than mild steel if you aren’t going to heat treat again after machining.   If the plan is to use it as a planishing hammer, as the shape would suggest, then it probably doesn’t need to be terribly hard to be useful, and you wouldn’t  want the face to be hardened deep enough to risk brittle failure of the unsupported rim, but there are a couple of ways the faces could be lightly hardened without unduly weakening the structure.
Also not how you handle a hammer, you start the head on and once it is oriented correctly you turn the hammer upside down and hit the end of the handle with a rubber mallet which uses inertia to actually draw the hammer head up onto the handle evenly not cocked to one side or the other like usually happens when doing it the way you were
28:39 😂
i love that swiss army knife. i need to know where did you get that thing? thats awesome.
The music in that little initial milling montage gave me extreme Discovery Channel flashbacks for some reason. How It's Made maybe? Something like that.
You didn’t Anneal the steel in the video, you Normalized the steel. Annealing it would have been heating the entire piece up to critical temperature then burying it in vermiculite or hardwood ashes to slow cool over many hours potentially even over night where normalizing it you heat it up and let it air cool. While Normalizing it did achieve what you desired actually Annealing it would have made it even easier to machine. Also your hammer eye slot should be tapered both top and bottom creating an hourglass shape
Setting a Handle to Queen is legend
The torrents that we get in Houston are awesome, in the original sense of the word. I love rainy days.
You forgot one vital process before inserting the handle... You forgot to re-harden the steel. Your actual design looks to me to be perfect for shaping (flattening) and getting dents out of sheet metal. Useful for when repurposing scavenged sheet. Nice job. ...and remember; You can never have too many different kinds of hammers. Like any kind of tool;  It will be the one you don't have that you will need most for a specific task.
Adam do you have any plans of moving you and your wife out of California and away from the hello that San Francisco has turned into?
Rumor has it that to this day he is still slamming the steel and wood down on the table.
I propose that you name it the Adam Smasher.
I understand your schtick is to call your workshop your "man cave". but that is a condescending insult that needs to be eradicated from our culture....but I love your videos though...PEACE!
You using the torch to what looked so close to the at-at scared me
Not garbage anymore, that is some amazing work!
I always love these, just learning random things, i always sort of knew about how heat treating and anealing worked, but never really understood HOW it works.
PNW here, we don't really get real rain either.
Could it have been a removable pin from a carnival ride? They have bunch of those on each trailer for quick setup.
You should make another and auction for charity
What part of the PNW gets torrential downpours? As someone who splits his 3.5 decades between the PNW and the deep south, I'm not sure you can compare the rain that way.
You didn't have to harden the hammer head? or does it work just fine as mild steel?
There’s a city worker somewhere watching this like “Oh…there it is.”
Should you have tempered/hardened the steel before beautification & handle attachment?
Did anybody else get Animusic vibes from the time lapse music? I was seriously jamming out for a while.
we will we will rock you!!, lol Adam hammering the wedge in was to the beat of we will rock you by Queen hahaha
You need to have Nick Offerman on the show and specifically ask him about why he doesn't stain wood.
27:46 WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU
It’s a beautiful hammer. The shape of a hammer head should be determined by the nature of the work it’s going to do. I would have liked to see you strike something with it . Thanks for sharing this
Hahaha as a resident myself, I cannot concur more about the weather.
Hi Adam, I believe the best description for SF rain is "Aggressive Mist"
The Pacific Northwest doesn't really get torrents either except for maybe during November/December gales. Here in Seattle we mostly get months of what I call "aggressive mist".
Super fun to watch,,, I really enjoyed 😊😊
I love how the video is time-lapsed, yet the sound is regular speed. Great one-day build as well. Looks like a nice chasing hammer.
This would have been a _verrry_ different video if you'd tried to anneal that bar in a microwave oven! 🤣  I was also pretty worried for your AT-AT. 😱
"Adam Savages Hammer Is Garbage, And Here's Why" - 2h video essay
damnit..You need a hammer to build a hammer....
looks like an old window weight that would assist with raising old wooden window sashes.
27:45 "WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU"
That there is the nicest piece of garbage I've seen in quite a while.
so that's where my excavator bucket pin went
The rain, and amount of rain, in the Pacific NW is actually greatly misrepresented. A majority of it is actually either a lot of on-again/off-again showers, or the type of precipitation you described in the beginning. This near mist type rain where you walk out of your house perfectly dry. And 30 minutes later you are soaked to the bone... and you aren't sure how you got like that.  We actually also have LESS rain fall annually than places that people think would have less. Places like New York, Boston, DC, and so on all have more rain fall than Portland and Seattle do.
i watched the whole thing and you didn't hammer a nail at the end. i am disappoint.
https://youtu.be/wrr1AYDiVs0?t=1661    we will we will rock you
1:44 hehe
this is what real hi IQ ADHD looks like .   love adam
I think you should see if you can visit Alec Steele, Will Stelter or another blacksmith and do some blacksmithing Adam, I think you would love doing that.
Why are you plunging with the endmill when you squared up the ends on the mill? Most endmills, even though they will plunge cut, they don't really like to do it. I would side cut that by climb cutting on the Y axis
Totally expected you to have a contest and give away your signed garbage hammer to one of your awesome followers! Fun build to watch - great video, thanks for your content and all you do.
27:46 ... 'We will, we will rock you ... we will, we will rock you...' etc.
Adam is the most anti mask person Ive seen since covid.
Anneal- To soften metal with heat to remove internal stressors. Thank you Adam, learned something new
You know things are slow at Tested when this is the content we get.
I would be over the moon if Adam were to create some tool, like a hammer or whatever it may be, that he cannot find in the market. I'm sure all the fans will be all over it, including myself.
27:46 We will, we will, rock you!!
Adam.  I think it’s very shiny, nice use of a found object.  Now the bad news. I regret to inform you that your hammer is unsafe.  In your video, you kept it completely horizontal while making your oval hole. Your error, or not optimized anyway, was in the milling. You should have introduced a few degrees of inclination, and turned the head in the set-up to keep it symmetrical.  The hole would be wider at the top. just a bit, but it’s an important bit. I saw the issue when you were mounting the shaft.  It was obvious that it kept trying to climb up as you were striking it. It’s needed to allow the shaft to spread and create the lock. And additionally a rounded edge at the bottom. You seem to have left that sharp. That’s also a no-no. The blows of the hammer will make that sharp edge cut into the wood of the shaft, and weaken it. The taper in the hole gives room for the wedge, and also creates a lock that the head can’t slide past. Without this, it doesn’t matter how tightly you wedge the shaft, the hole is a constant cross-section along its length, so it can still slide up and fly off while using. This can however be corrected by a bit of filing and refitting the handle.  I hope I didn’t make you feel bad about the work, because it’s a nice looking hammer. Just missing a few features.
When you were putting the wedge in the top of the hammer, all I heard was "We will, we will rock you."
Not perfect? I'm sure if you wack something with it-- it will know.
27:30 WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU!
Adam Savage: "Every Tool's a Hammer.  No really, even this scrap metal."
Chuck it in the bin. Maybe someone can make something out of it
At the start of the video I read the title as "Adam makes a hammer, and it is garbage/terrible"..  At the 30 minute mark I'm still wondering how the hammer is going to be so bad or fall apart.    *sigh* its been one of those days...  That's quite a nice hammer though!
27:49 sing along... we will we will rock you...
If you need a hammer to make a hammer 27:25 then how was the first hammer made?
15:35, Adam does the Law & Order: SVU "doink doink". 😂
Man, what Id give to visit that place and have just 2 minutes to talk to Adam.
Adam, I wanted to thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been inspiring someone with two left hands to pick up this amazing craft and I have learned so much from you. All thanks in the worlds from the Netherlands!
Cool, I just hope that pallet wood wasn't Methyl Bromide treated!
please make a garbage espresso machine
Nice find. Whenever I stop at a motorway service station I have a walk around the edge of the lorry park and always find washers and bolts.
2:20 as a guy who makes things like knives and such, I think, "ah material!" Nice find and nice build!
17:23 eeee buddy don't wear gloves when working with rotating equipment, that's actually less safe
I LOVED this
I always thought it was funny, use hammer to build hammer
I love the use of the cutting sound as a musical element
I am a person who spends 100% of his workday in Photoshop using only my brain to create things.  It's a lovely palette cleanser to come here and watch you create things not only with your mind but with mostly your hands, sweat, and hard work.  Wish I had the same skillset because hot damn, you make it look like fun. :)
I hope you watch Alec Steele here on YouTube! Remarkable blacksmithing content from a young Brit.
in England we call that rain "drizzle"
adam is getting hammered again LOL
Heat DOES make the 'molecules' move faster. *Temperature* IS the molecules moving faster. So it IS a cause and effect thing, but only if you distinguish between heat and temperature.... but it's hard to explain heat treatments without reference to crystals rather than molecules. And I wish I found chunks of 'stock' like that from time to time.
Watching young blacksmiths like Alec Steele and Will Stelter taught me some stuff about blacksmithing. And of course the TV show "Man At Arms: Reforged". And Alec Steele even did an episode where Brian McManus from the YouTube channel Real Engineering visited him and they explored what REALLY happens when you heat-treat metal. 😎✌️ Btw: not all types of steel can be hardened, you need a certain amount of carbon in it. 🤟
Whack whack THUNK! Whack whack THUNK! Whack whack THUNK! Whack whack THUNK!  Weeeee willll weeeee willlll ROCK YOU!
Sound guy missed out on breaking into “We Will Rock you” while adding the handle wedge.
Hate to break it to you Adam, but it appears the grain is possibly in the wrong direction in order to do any heavy duty hammering. Like a baseball bat the edge of the grain needs to be in the direction you will be swinging the hammer. I could be wrong but it appears to be at 90° orientation to the direction of swing. I wouldn't do any hard hammering if that is the case. Otherwise, you'll be making another handle for your new hammer.
27:50 WE WILL ROCK YOU !
Now I know what the two sides of the hammer are called: "Doonk-doonk" and "Pop-Pop" 😂
Watching the huge spinning lathe makes me nervous from a safety perspective.  Why are they rarely covered to prevent something from getting wrapped around it?  A simple hood covering the majority of the spinning mass would make it safer and still let you make adjustments.
Great video, but no action shots of it hammering? :D
27:45 We will, we will, ROCK YOU!
California: Endless Drought Also California: RAIN! SO MUCH RAIN!
Some construction worker watching is like OMG there it went!!!
Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'  We will, we will rock you We will, we will rock you
What kind of watch is he wearing?
Had me saying "We will, we will, rock you" over and over near the end of the video. LOL
27:45 we will ROCK YOU.
That's a textbook "fake" clickbait
19:56 i got the pink panther a shot in the dark flashbacks from that tune :D :D  nice vid  adam, v impressive !
Good Video
it a hydraulic shaft ?
IS the rain washing shite and needles of the sidewalks? You probably don't have to deal with it.
Beautiful hammer. I love watching you make useful things and I'm definitely not the expert but I have one question. Shouldn't you have re-hardened the hammer after polishing and before putting on the handle? It's still annealed so won't hitting other hard things leave dents and pits?
you just forget hardened metal piece at the end. when you gonna smash a metal piece you gonna scratch your hammer
I just finished "Knife Engineering, Steel, Heat Treating, and Geometry" and it has some of the best technical but easy to understand explanations of the entire heat treating processes.  Highly recommended for anyone that wants to learn more about what annealing does.
Where do you get squishy bottles from? That's so damn professional.
It looks perfect for a machinist, mass for a good thwack, short for control and finesse.
27:47 We Will, We Will Rock You! 🔨
27:45  we will, we will, ROCK YOU!
Great video, but it is soft steel. It will dent a lot. You should have hardened the ends. Realy enjoyed the build
"I'm going to hit that. I'm going to hit that nice and hard" - Adam Savage 2023
Maple most likely ash is better for handles it flexes and partially absorbs theforce of the blow.
Adam fears that we will have more drought in the future, well thats a guaranteed certainty when we dump all our fresh water into the oceans and open the flood gates of every reservoir. You always have a drought when you live in a state run by corrupt officials who have an interest in maintaining a permanent state of disaster or crisis. Adam please wake up to your duly elected officials pissing on your head.
Couldn’t help but start singing “we will we will rock you” when Adam was driving in the wedge.
19:55 has some real 'final boss fight' vibes.
27:45 We will, we will rock you
Driving that wedge in, all I could hear was "We Will, We Will Rock You!"
Saw those yellow items mounted in the upper left hand corner of the frame and immediately thought they were letters Savage had placed there to say "Ha! Ha! Ha!"
Posted 22 hours ago and today is the 13? Adam you’re a time traveler?
Seeing you handle that chunk of metal, my first thought is that I'd like to see you make an appearance in Will Stelter's channel and try smashing it with a power hammer.
When he starts the drilling process, it seems that he is putting A LOT of pressure on the drill press for short periods of time with lubricant.  This seems to go opposite of how I would think.  I would think to go light, consistent pressure with more time drilling.  I understand that you need sometime to release the pressure to clear out the hole, but I wouldn't think you would need as much pressure as he is using.  Anyone have any thoughts to this?
@ 27:45 did you have We Will Rock you playing in your head when wedging the hammer head?😄
Great job on the description of annealing.  However, replace 'atomic structure' with 'crystalline structure', and you're spot on!
Awesome
A very *musical* episode!    And a great hammer, good job!
Also, need to isolate the sound between 28:40 and 28:46.  Because innuendo.....
Pallet wood?  Likely white oak
27:56 "Adam you're a boy make a big noise, working at your bench, gonna make a trash hammer today"
It looks like a home made trailer hitch pin, I have to admit that if I see something on the side of the road it’s mine, finders keepers.
Go outside with the zombiesroming your house...come up with useful stuff ...look out side
After that beat you better be calling that hammer Freddy or Queen.
Did anyone else start humming "we will rock you" by Queen at 28mins in to Adams rythmic thumping of his hammers 😁
Whenever I see one of your tools just carving off metal (19:05, for example), it's always memorizing and just serves to remind me how little I understand of how any of this works or the forces involved. No matter how many times I see it done, if you asked me if it would work I'd be pretty convinced that it wouldn't.
sometimes it takes a hammer       to make another hammer
File skates , bandsaw bites ergo mr savage you have one dull file 🤣🤣
For everyone saying a straight eye won’t hold, they will if fit and wedged properly. If the handle is left proud of the top of the hammer by a bit, it swells out and holds when wedged. I have several old home made hammers I’ve found at junk sales that are done this way and I use the snot out of them. I’ve never had one come loose, even blacksmithing with them. Just different ways of doing the same thing, not just one way that works.
Wasn't expecting a Sharkey's Night reference!
My wife hates driving with me. She gets so embarrassed. I’m like a dog sticking his head out the window.   “Ohhhhh they threw that out! What!!… I gotta grad it!” Her “NO YOU DON ‘T! “ yes dear(I’ll secretly come back later) love it!!      The wood is oak. The pin is to a boom truck. The bolt is stainless so it doesn’t rust and they lose the pin. Guess it didn’t work, they still lost it. Gotta love free stock!!
ALL THESE VIDEOS SHOULD BE 60 FPS. LOVED MYTHBUSTERS BTW.
Another way to explain it. A crowded dance floor everybody is moving dancing around and as time goes by ppl get tired energy dissapates slowly. Ppl slowly stopping in place in With gaps between ppl. Molecules areange in such a way would be softer. Tempering would instantly stopping everbody while in amosh pit. Everybody freezes in place all tangled together.  Molecules tangled together are gonna be denser aka harder.
Well the title had me believe that what you made didn't work out correctly - silly me, I should have known. I am no expert and happy to be corrected, but I thought that you would have tempered the steel one you had finished working it. Or should hammers be a little malleable? Cheers for exceptional craftsmanship as always.
Use more cutting fluid lol  Good man
just proves that anything can be a hammer 🤣🤣🤣
27:48 Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place
I wish you tested the hammer :(
If you like random metal, you wouldn't believe what you can do with street sweeper bristles.  Those things are incredibly useful!   I also do the same thing at the store.  I don't see things for what they are intended for.  I see them for what I can use them for.  I think this is a very common mindset for makers, machinists, and engineers.  It's also really fun!
@27:46   "stomp-stomp-clap, stomp-stomp-clap"   sounds like a song
It's driving me crazy, it's driving me nuts! Such beautiful work .Thank you for sharing.
Someone once said “Every tools a hammer”…  Guess who?😊
It seems so nice to talk about winter and don't even mention snow. I'm jealous! Up here winters are mostly cold, dark months constantly dealing with huge masses of snow.
looks like a lock pin for caterpillar track
27:46 Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'
Best quote of the entire video at 28:40 : "I'm about to hit that... and I'm going to hit it nice and hard..."
awesome work Adam.
27:45 "Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday"
Always enjoy seeing things made out of what others would deem garbage.  You get this great feeling that something good came from something unwanted.
28:43 that’s what he said 😏
tonk tonk TONK, tonk tonk TONK, tonk tonk TONK, tonk tonk TONK, buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise playing in the shop, gonna be a big man someday
Did anyone else get "We Will Rock You" vibes when Adam was hammering the wedge in place?
@27:46 - Nice rhythmic pattern! Like the start of an ‘80s Hair Band anthem.
Oak, can u splain why chocolate not magnetic?
Love the mad scientist cackle at 11:00. Sorry, "evil genius"!
Adam playing Queen We will rock you on a hammer
How many hammers do you have now ???
Are you supposed to re-harden the striking ends a bit.
But it is still in the soft annealed state.
After you annealed the metal, shouldn't you have re-tempered the hammer head at the end of the process since it is going to be whacking things now?
you made a hammer out of the pickle from the first bad santa
please stop wearing gloves near rotary equipment
the cool looking metal chunk kin of looks like a crane pin. It's used on the portable crane trucks. When they unfold the boom, they hammer these pins in to keep it straight, which would also explain the beat up end caused by it being beat into place. But it must have been broken or modified in some way to end up looking like that.
does the hole for the handle not need to be slightly tapered? that weather sounds like scotland!
really cool challenge, would also be neat to watch Adam ravage through a junkyard looking for these potential projects, and where his thoughts take him when he sees scrap!
New series: Garbage tools!  🥰🇳🇱
27:38 Buddy, you're a young man, hard man  Shouting in the street, gonna take on the world someday You got blood on your face, you big disgrace Waving your hammer all over the place  We will, we will rock you
oak is that wood and the pins off a excavator bucket or off a bobcat the hydralic ram pin
Adam, it's funny... when the close up of cutting the handle on the vise came up, I saw the bench and remembered the video of when you got it new. You can tell the history of a shop by the scars on the bench!
Love your method of making a hammer head! Just wondering why you didn’t re harden the head after machining it?
It sounds Like "we will Rock you" by hammering the Key in😅
When Adam dropped that saw down onto the dial caliper at 22:59 i decided he had a lot to learn as far as tools were concerned.....i'm outta here.
Wouldn't you need to re-harden the steel after it has been shaped, for it to be a useful hammer? Now the steel is way to soft to hammer anything hard, right?
This is the first time I've heard this timelapse music on this channel Adam. It's very you, and in a strange way it's very discovery channel. Almost 90s nostalgic in a way mixed with mythbusters. I dig it.
Don’t tell the climate alarmists you had mild winters way back in the nineteen nineties….That doesn’t fit their narrative at all.
I love you Adam but that's not how annealing and hardening of Metals work, at all. Short explanation,  all metalls are crystalline when they are in their solid form (never amorphous), the chemical composition and cooling rate decides the microstructure of the metall in it's solid form. Different microstructures have different mechanical properties, quench hardening creates martensite (BCT structure) which is very hard but also very brittle. Air cooling creates large grains of perlite and ferrite (BCC) which is much weaker then martensite but much much more ductile.
Every blacksmith thinks the same thing—what can I make from this? It probably won’t be an art piece, but it’s something
Am I the only one who heard “We Will Rock You” when he was pounding the wedge into the handle? 😂
Living in the PNW I can confidently say that the only rain we have is pissy rain. Enough to be annoying but not enough to put on a rain jacket.
I love the idea that someone is going to watch this and go "Hey, that's my pin."
that drill at 6:00 is running way way way too fast....
Dude Adam is just the best. Just found this YouTube channel and watching the one day builds and stuff like this is just so satisfying and inspiring. Also his little explainer about Bay Area winters really made me miss the bay 😢
Quenching copper will anneal it, so please don’t generalise regarding heat treatment of ‘metals’. Opposite to steel.
I was waiting for you to start singing "We Will Rock You" while you were hammering the wedge....
I wonder why Adam has no small blacksmith furnace?
a poorly explained synopsis  "Adam gets Hammered".  :D
If you ever feel like making an armorer's hammer, definitely do a leather wound wrap with a hanging loop.
Try Australia  s climate ,especially  Queensland  hot humid and rainy ,we got 2 seasons the wet and the hot .lolhaveva good day ,mate
The handle taking shape reminded me a bit of that old woodworking PBS show... I think it was called New Yankee Workshop or something like that
My guess is the wood would be white oak from what i can see
The pallet wood is most likely to be oak, and being close to a major port your wood could be heat treated.  Love the channel, and the projects. Thanks. 😅
You should record one of these from one point of view in the shop so we get an authentic experience of what it must be like visiting while you're at work.
Adam fitting the hammer handle: we will, we will, rock you! We will, we will, rock you! 😎
Nice!!
"i'm about to hit that" lol making useful things from trash is the BEST. i love doing the same.
Love the signature stamp!
I'm glad the snow is melting. LOL
And it's drivin' me crazy, it's drivin' me nuts! It's Sharkey's night! It's Sharkey's night tonight! - That's a deeeeep callout Adam.
That would be nice. Mysterious Scraps to become a Tool. This is a once a month deal, if you have to pause with another projects. Just need to set up two boxes with unusable scrap and pick an item from each box to make something.
fantastic hammer. garbage wedge you put in. Wood. Linseed Oil. Watch out for rag fires.
quite the signature you have.
We didn’t get see it drive a nail into a board! Man I would love to see a demo 😂 builds a hammer but doesn’t hammer something with it!
Once again a masterpiece..and the hammer is awsome as well
I love that a guy this knowledgeable, says because it doesn't smell, it doesn't have anything nefarious on it. I'll remember that next time there is a hazmat spill.
I really wish you would wear safety glasses
Looks like a mini excavator or backhoe pin
why do i like it when Adam talks to me like im 5?
Dont use that type of grinder with gloves on..if the piece catches..you can let go..when that motor grabs the glove..no bueno
I can smell that. Always loved the smell of metalworking.
Wow, the switching the direction in post totally made me feel like I was looking through a window into the shop instead of a mirror. That was wild.
Given the state of safety in SF recently, I'm guessing it was used as some sort of weapon and ditched.  Good on you for making what likely was a piece of crime material into something useful to society.
You could have build a Japanese forging hammer with that length of stock.
Great content as always. My only question is whether the hammer needs to be hardened again after machining. It is quite beautiful, but is it still hard enough after annealing to be both useful and safe?
To make a hammer you need a bigger hammer.
Looks like a bucket pin for an excavator
Paging Mr. Sharkey. White courtesy telephone please.
B.E.A.U.tiful non scientific description of annealing... fun fact the actual definition says "remove internal stresses" we could all use a little annealing
adam wanna talk science but chicken out by a lazy disclaimer of suedo-science, heat is not a verb, its the transfer of energy with temperature change
I cringed when he was taking too much material off with the mill!!! I thought it was going to break the bit!  10/10 pica pens and pencils. Such a great design
This video would also make a great one day build video.
love this video! all 4 of my work surfaces are built from trash i took from work. more scrapheap challenges!
28:00 "We will, we will, rock you!"
As someone who grew up in the Seattle area, we also had pissy rain. We called it Smizzle. Not enough to warrant an umbrella, but annoying enough to fog your glasses and make your hair lightly damp. We don't get that type of rain as much anymore. Instead we get heavier showers. You still won't catch true seattleites using umbrellas. We spot tourists and out of staters from leagues away by their insistence on umbrellas instead of a technical rain jacket from REI.
Real hammer or prop hammer? I'm back... real hammer!! 😂
when he was driving the wedge who else heard we will rock you? lol
I respect your expertise in the shop, but I cringe when I see you feeding the wood into the bandsaw without a push stick and then reach around the blade while it is running to get your 2 pieces.  After having 2 fingers reattached last year from a bandsaw incident, I have a lot more respect for the proper way to work around it.
Not to get technical, but you actually normalized the metal, not annealed.  Normalizing is heating and letting cool naturally at room temperature.  Annealing is heating and cooling at a slow, controlled rate inside a furnace.
You should've slightly tempered the heads before you polished it. But it is a really nice looking 🔨
We will... we will... rock you!
Wow you did a great job...too pretty to use..lol
The hunk of wood was most likely white oak.  Not really hard but good enough for pallets.  Often they are also very wet still so it could warp later as it dries.
It ain't the land. It is not building new storage systems in over 50 years.
I could use a hammer like that for my woodcarving… after all, one man’s garbage is another man’s treasure… lol!
27:45 we will we will wedge you!
Hahahaha, I'm glad I'm not the only one enjoying the weird ass weather here. Also.. What's the weirdest non-phallic object you've found on the ground in SF?
Should you have hardened and tempered the hammer head before mounting it to the handle?
Just thinking since it was hard and after annealing it is no longer hard, He might have wanted to heat treat the ends of the hammer to give them a bit more strength so they don't mushroom out if he ever uses it unless he plans maybe using it on soft metals. Otherwise that shape of the head overall looks like a body working hammer. Aluminum and brass sheet/plate might work well with that hammer.
1:15 here in the PNW (specifically Seattle), we don't get all that much rain. It's grey a bunch and when it rains it's generally the mist that you describe. Seattle actually gets a lot less annual rainfall than a lot of places in the Midwest and on the east coast, even though it gets more DAYS with rain.
white oak?
What is the benefit if any of having a wood handle vs just a steel handle
Given you just got a hammer as a gift, the title of this video was worrisome.
I’m surprised you didn’t try to re-harden the hammer before attaching the handle.
Hey what happened to reharding the hammer,and ya ,I would stain it and clear coat it .
Adam makes a hammer but doesn't use the hammer... is it just me or is that torture?
I see a mini series on here Called ,Street treasure trah Builds.
Not going to lie I have a 24oz 16inch hammer with a bent handle and I split hardwood with a screwdriver and have driven a ton of stakes into clay for house footers
On your cutting torch. I think you should install Oxygen Acetylene Flashback Arrestors Check Valve Set. I didn't see one. If your flame catches your hose on fire these stop the flow of gas until you can shut the valve off. Sometimes your torch can backfire and cause a fire. If you order some you will need to know what type of thread your torch set is. About $30.00. If you have them I am sorry. Just trying to be helpful. Love your energy and videos. Thank You
27:45  Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin' We will, we will rock you
Enjoyed this a lot. Theres something about the scrap aspect that just makes it so much more satisfying.
When he was driving in the wedge I was over here like "buddy, you're a boy make a big noise playing in the streets, gonna be a big man some day"
We will we will rock you.
How many ran to the comments when he fired that torch up so close to the walker?!?! I was a tiny bit concerned fir it’s safety.
I misheard that as "Adams and molecules are always moving in some fashion" and the visual reinforced my mishearing 😂
Adam sniffing that dirty shaft got me a bit...
more then one way to skin a cat as they say.. the wood is oak by the way white oak by the looks of it. edit it makes me think of a body hammer for like car metal shaping. tin.
He didn't harden the head :(
Since the hammer head isn’t hardened then the handle doesn’t really matter because you won’t be swinging it hard enough to do much.
This video left me feeling totally hammered... 🤣
You probably should have mentioned that not all steel can be hardened. Low carbon steels won’t harden by heating and quenching them
the book is called every TOOLS a hammer, not everyTHING is a hammer. Just so you're aware! XD
Someone edit this into a YouTube shirt for me????
steel handle Sir
I’m used to watching videos like this that are 5 minutes long with lots of edits
Looks like it started life as a track pin from a bulldozer/crawler.. cool hammer !
is it not bad to be looking at that kind of flame?
Just Monday we had a lab in our metallurgy class for mechanical engineering that consisted of chocolate and sugar ratios. Plotting the melting and solidified points of different ratios. Very similar to metal ratios.
27:46 We will. We will. Craft you!
Did anyone else start huming it when Adam started adding in the wedge? :)
Awesome, but why put a shoulder on the handle? Why not just have a swell so it gets tighter the further you seat the head?
We will, we will ROCK YOU!...27:44
A fine looking hammer !!!!
What were you using to mark the wood?
Wondering you re-hardened the hammer head after it was formed and before the handle was installed?
Adam don't burn down your 8th wonder of world shop using the torch right there, had me nervous haha.
i really like the fact in the end that he admit he dont know of the porpotions
S30400 is a material grade mark for AISI 304 stainless steel about 18% Chrome and 8% Nickel. THE is a manufacture’s symbol meaning Tong Hwei Enterprise one the largest stainless steel fastener makers in the world based in Taiwan.
Pure joy. Needed this today.
28:43
Ooooh... Stock. Yeah, it's very infectious.
Any one else sing "we will rock you" as Adam hammered in the wedge?
suprised to see adam doesn’t know the ol inertia hammer handle trick :0 (holding the hammer upside down and hitting the bottom of the handle to seat the head)
Lovely!
this. hammer. will. rock you. rock you.
From my materials engineering class: heat hardening works with steel because it has carbon content but pure copper for instance does not behave this way. It’s about how the carbon gets stuck in what kind of pattern with the iron atoms
Seems like a set of hardness files and a heat treat oven would be a great addition to your shop.
Looks like a hydraulic cylinder pin.
That thing probably came off something stolen. I mean it is San Franshitco. Sry, I couldn't help this comment. Lol.
Balance it needs some little twaps.
That wood is most likely oak. Looks like oak.
Antone else start singing "We will, we will, rock you!" 😂
Just drove from Humboldt County to Sacramento and it is the greenest I have ever seen it in the last 20-someodd years I've been living in Northern California. It's been absolutely stunning to see.
@14:00 Satisfying...
Used to sell hammer handles and repair hammers in a really old hardware store.  The eye portion of the handle is made with a split cut into it, and included is a wooden wedge to pound into the split, followed by a metal wedge pounded perpendicular to the wood wedge.  Adam's fastening of the head here should work, but I would have liked to see him follow that practice since it's so proven to provide a hold on that head that's basically everlasting.  I also wonder the final weight of the head, as that determines the length of the handle.  Really cool build.
Sheet metal hammer
looks like a pin out of an excavator, or rather what's left of one. they are not quite as high in carbon as 4140, but close anyhow. they are case hardened typically, perfect material for a hammer.
definitely looks like a knuckle pin from a escavator that got used as a "horizontal hammer" often.
Curious if the heads should game been re-hardened.
Looks like it was part of a vice.
The final product looks very nice. The only thing which might make it come undone is the straight-sided hammer eye, but only if you're using it lots. For the occasional tap, it will be fine.
The rhythmic hammering almost exactly to the beat of We will Rock You was 👨‍🍳💋
noteworthy word: babyfat
Awesome project Adam!
I think that garbage steal was from a mini excavators demo hammer. So you made a hammer from a hammer. And most pallets are made of sprues Trees. nice hammer im super jelly
@27:50 Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise  Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday  You got mud on your face, you big disgrace  Kicking your can all over the place, singin'
Seek the AvE for thumbfinder dynamics.
I have also gone “This thing is really dirty” directly into the sniff test. Found objects need a good quality assurance process.
Cool build. You'll be replacing the handle before too long, though. The opening needs to be bell shaped, so that when you drive in the wedge, it wedges into the bell, keeping the head secured on the handle. And you should harden the faces again.
Adam,  where is your spoke shave??  Makes a handle much easier to form.
Steel, iron and carbon (0.5 to 6%), goes through various phase changes as it is heated.  The final structure, and therefore properties, are critically dependent on the carbon content, the temperature to which it was heated, the time it stayed at temperature, rate at which it is cooled and any cooling holds that occur. Metallurgists use the iron and carbon phase diagram and Isothermal transformation curves to generate the desired hardness, toughness and strength. You can’t do too much to unalloyed iron or copper or aluminum, for that matter, by heat treatment alone.
As someone who sews from recycled clothing I understand the instinct to look at something that someone else might throw away and think "ooh, what can I retrieve from that?". I very rarely buy new zips, buttons or any other types of fastenings. 😉😃
Your pallet lumber is oak.
the wood looks like white oak very strong nice job
machine porn
About that "Winter Rain" from the 1990's: That's what we get every year here in Portland, Oregon, as opposed to the heavier rains found in Seattle and Vancouver, Canada. They call Washington the "Evergreen State" for a good reason. Portland, "The City Of Roses", has a much gentler climate, in fact, we rarely see snow during the winters here, maybe a slight snowfall once a year with an ice storm every five years or so. Otherwise, except for the overcast and shorter days, it's actually not bad to live here at all. We've been here since 1986 and love it.
Anybody else chanting 'Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday" at the end there?
Seeing Adam’s shop mirrored feels very weird.
Just like the movie said: Annealed before Sawed.
As Adam is hammering the wedge in I’m singing along with Queen “We will rock you”.        Sorry I couldn’t help myself from post that thought.
If you weren’t singing Queen after 27:47 then you missed out
Anyone else almost start singing we are they champions when he was setting the handle?
On YouTube alec steele makes his own hammers also will stelter they are quite good. Yes theirs are forged but maybe can get some help
He made it in a cave!  From a bunch of SCRAP!! -- Obadiah Stane "Iron Man"
This was a wonderfully musical episode! From the avant-garde piece performed by that detail sander, to your rendition of We Will Rock You while installing the head. 🎼🎶🎵
"I am pleased at how this is currently looking as a hammer head, you have a doonk doonk and a pop pop."  This line speaks to my soul on a Planck level.
Looks like oak by the way, no way to be more specific than that without a close up of the end grain but it looks like some kind of white oak to me.
Depending on what you use this for, kinda worried the head wasn't hardened and annealed again.  It kind of looks like a chasing hammer for sheetmetall, which won't last long and deform or develop waves.  I wouldn't use it on anything harder than brass.  You do anything else with it and it's like using a framing hammer found in a house fire.  It's too soft to work on hardened, stamped, or forged steel.  But an excellent project.
I was waiting for you to use it at least once but you never used it to strike something. Still great though.
Handle looks a little short. You should name it Mjölnir.
That looks like a pin I've used for many different construction equipment.  This brings to mind a trench box/ trench shield/coffin box (Same thing named differently in different regions of the country).  If this is the case, I would highly recommend sanitizing anything that has come in contact with the pin before you took the torch to it, as it is likely it has had direct contact with raw sewage from a broken sewage pipe being repaired.
28:43 !!!!! lolol...out of context Adam!!!
Born in 1953. At 29:02 you hold the signed Hammer for us. Your eyes are every bit the proud history of San Francisco. Your shop feels like home. And though we have never met, to me you are family. I share your moment! There is Joy there! Every shop, home and industrial I have plied my skills for looks like yours. Though I live in Minnesota now, you can guess where I left my heart! I am very grateful you are an essential part of the nature and character of the place I will always call... Home!  Such a beautiful Hammer!  Awesome! Well DONE!!!   sincerely, sam, a maker... for life.
We will we will rock you 😂
This video reflects the ideas of Gary Snyder's poem, " Axe Handles". Very much worth the read for any maker.
{bang} {bang} {thump} {bang} {bang} {thump} {bang} {bang} {thump} {bang} {bang} {thump} Buddy, you're a boy...
It's a pretty nice design, but why not heat treat it? That handle is pretty sus, and that was really a lot of fiddling to get it done.
It makes me nervous seeing you using a torch in that tinderbox of a shop.
I stop at 2:45. In my shop, I have, if I count correctly, 12 different types of hammers. My goto is my great-grandfather's claw. The head is original, but the shaft has been replaced many times. Hammers seem simple. Alas they are quite complex.  23:15: if you don't use those cutoffs as shims, then Carl the Fog will engulf you for an entire year.  26:04 Stain???!!! No Stain! Soak the whole thing in oil, let the handle expand to fit the hammer head.
...surely hes not gonna weld right next to that beautiful model AT-AT walker....surely...
That looks like a piece of white oak to me. I've been in the logging and lumber business all of my life. Beautiful hammer.
You make those noises cuz you proud and cuz it’s pretty!
28:00 We will, we will ROCK YOU!
27:40 Don't mind me I'll just be over here in the corner singing We Will Rock You
There’s something very meta about making a hammer with a hammer.
Broken pin for a trench box.
Pask Makes does a similar thing every so often called a "Scrapwood Challenge" - he makes gorgeous furniture pieces and tools!
27:42 “Buddy you’re a young man, hard man shouting in the street, gonna take on the world someday…”
I heard Germans use a round wedge which is better
Given it's San Francisco with a lot of old houses, I'd bet that scrap metal started its life as a "window sash weight", and has since been modified for another purpose.
stainless bolt was used to pull pin out with chain
The scrap metal looks looks a massive hitch pin(i.e. what tractors use to hook something to the drawbar) who's top has broken off for some reason. Bolt through the tapper end would be to hold it in place.
Was I the only one singing “we will rock you” when he was hammering in the head? 😂
Could have shown you trying it?
I'm not a hammer-smith but doesn't the hammer head need to be re-hardened after you unhardened it? Or is it still ok from the initial hardening process?  Second question, do you have the special safety lenses in your glasses, if not shouldn't you be using more safety gear?
Adam needs a vermiculite bucket for half arsed annealing. Helps you slow down the cooling rate enough to get a reasonable anneal or normalisation
27:46 I was somewhat expecting the song to play "We Will, We Will, Rock You"
“I know there’s probablywhole YouTube channels devoted to exactly this practice.”  Hey, that’s me! I make lots of tools out of scrap metal I find in rivers and old mill sites. I’ve also had mixed results annealing random bits of metal, and it’s always a pain hitting something you thought would be soft and it turns out it’s hard.  The worst one I’ve had was a piece I thought was cast, but it turned out to be a piece of wrought iron with some sort of ridiculously hard (Rockwell 60+) steel welded to the middle of it, which of course was the first thing I hit with an endmill, which propyl screamed at me and gave up on being an end mill.  But it was the perfect shaped piece for what I needed, so it got annealed.
A wonderful no nonsense build.  Thank you for being alive.
I do wonder if Adam re-hardened the hammer head after shaping it?  Or if the original piece of metal was too hard and would be prone to splintering so he left it as is after the annealing?
ya... that's potentially dangerous to use...  ever seen old blacksmiths tools from before the days of industrial standardized hardening that are all chipped? or heard about how those chips end up in peoples arms?  this is literally where that myth about bashing hammers against each other came from...
we will we will rock you 27:46
We will... We will... Rock you...
How on earth do you do things like this without setting off the fire alarms/suppression in your cave?
aww, that's fun!
Drizzle might be the word you're looking for.  That scrap of steel looks like a hitch pin.
I think this hammer should be marked as “Made In USA” 156 or so, because this is number of hammers made in USA for last 20 years :-)  other 2 millions made in China. Also you need “a hammer” to make “the hammer”.
But if every tool is a hammer then every tool is garbage
I mean... if I had several hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of machine tools I could make a hammer out of junk "for free" too...  or I could just buy one for like $10...
I love Garbage Hammer!
The species of Wood is Oak.
"I'm about to hit that" ~Adam Savage, 2023
When you started hammering the splitter into the head…   “Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'
I find annealing and hardening metals fascinating for many reasons, but one of the biggest reasons is that some metals (such as steel) anneal by heating and letting it cool over time, and harden by heating and quenching, but some metals do the exact opposite. Some metals (I believe silver is one of them) anneal by heating and quenching, and harden by heating and letting cool over time. So if you happen to work with a bunch of different metals, double check which metal you're currently working with, and what the appropriate treatment is!
Did anybody else watch the time change on Adam's watch to see how long the build was taking?
I am curious if you hardened the faces of the hammer or left them soft.
Was that some autotuning when Adam was using the sander to finish the flats on the sides of the hammerhead at 19:55?
Am I the only one who does not like the builds sped up? I prefer watching them at their original speed. I feel like I am or will miss something. Kudos on recycling garbage into something useful!
Adam, I would love to hear you give me way too much information about that fantastic Wilton vise on your bench. I believe the vise is one of the most underrated tools in a home shop. Love all your content. I can't get enough.
27:46 “Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday”
😂😂😂 the bit of hammering at 27m 50s put me in mind of Queens 'We will rock you'...  cool hammer👍
Adam made one bad mistake with this build. He forgot to re-harden the head before putting the handle on it. It's a soft-metal hammer that will indent and disfigure with each hit...
As someone with a forge and enough hours with a hammer to go, "I can give a shot at making that." (My ASD and ADHD see that field as a playground) I see any solid piece of rod, plate, bar, or block of steel as material. If I can't use it, put in the bin for a potential smelt (I'm slowly ground my mound of charcoal for that reason).   To me, being a [hobbyist] smith... it really doesn't matter if it's high carbon or mild steel; the forge didn't care what's in it either. The biggest issue is to remember what it is for heat treat reasons.
It's take it .. nice Job
It's okay that Adam is a communist living in California, right? but for you to ignore the damage done to your agriculture by politicians is either evil or beyond ignorant. And I don't think you're ignorant. I've seen your Twitter rants.
I’d by a production ru. Of A Savage garbage hammer.
Totally engrossed in your adventure. It is so relatable.  Loved those sword gloves annotation.
12:46 🎶”buddy you’re a boy making big noise, playing in the street gonna be a big man someday,                     you got mud on your face, ya big disgrace kicking your cat all over the place singing….”🎶
I really like pattern you developed for the  hammer.  That said  please  taper the eye at the top of the head  it doesn't take much  for a  hammer that size maybe an ⅛" total (1/16" per side) wider at the top than the ( center if hourglass shape)  bottom  it allows the wedge to splay the handle enough to prevent the head from flying off and hitting someone. The smaller the head the less important it is and the less taper it needs. If the eye is hourglass shaped  that helps prevent the head from cutting the wood fibers as easily.    Side note the old style 8 sided handles are MUCH more comfortable and controllable in my experience. They are essentially a rectangular cross section  roughly twice as long as they are wide with the corners beveled at 45° or rounded over  for the hand made version (best)  but the machine versions are slightly more 'oval-shaped' but still 8 sided unforunately the round and oval handles are easier to make by machine  so most people today have neither seen nor used the 'octagonal' handles of old. Btw from what I can tell  you're handle is most likely oak, not a bad choice but not quite as strong as Hickory  which is preferred 😅
After fitting it and signing it, you should have hardened it.. That being said Keep it up Adam!!
I think that I would have just oiled it. At the most, maybe some Rubio Monocoat.
The wood is cottonwood or some other piece of poplar
"If I had a hammer..." ;P
29:15 Boroughs from Sharky's Day - Laurie Andersen 198sumpin-or-nother.
Metal atoms arrange themselves into regular patterns (crystals).  Iron atoms arrange themselves into cubes.  Metals deform by letting layers of atoms slide across each other.  Carbon atoms fit between the iron atoms, creating obstables that make it harder for the iron atoms to slide past each other.
Is that an old window weight?
I just wanna take a sharpie and fill in that maDe in usa.  hahahaha
Why didn't you re-temper it?
Watching him use if the torch next to the AT AT model gave me anxiety
I cut tool steel with that DeWalt, hardened steel is heat treated, or cryo, it can be unhardened. . Or hardened.  It’s not titanium 😊
Aww man I love this channel. There is so much effort put into these tutorials and creations. I’ve learned so much already. Really good build, more videos like these please!! 🙏
27:45 - "WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU!"
29:18 I heard that somehere before  ☺ https://youtu.be/mua8Pr6uRso?t=4247
watch it turn out that it's radioactive ... oh nooooo!!! haha
I once spent an entire summer using an oxy aceteline torch cutting up a steel barge
Nearly starting singing We will we will rock You when Adam started putting that wedge in.
What song was the little triangle sander singing?
Adam's got his polisher the wrong way around. The switch is supposed to be on the front and the mops spin downwards. That way you don't lean over the machine to turn it off as well as if you get the work caught or is grabbed by the mop, and ripping out of the operators grip, the work flies downwards and not up into their face. Not to mention it's mechanically better with the way our arms are designed to lift at that angle not push down.  It's been a long while since having done any machining, but having that file in there so close to the chuck just gave me the heebee geebees. All I could think of was, ohhh that isn't right....  Just my two bob's worth...   But the end result is a delight!
Actual stain, most times I see hammers like this it’s char and Linseed oil.
Just like Mark Twain once said, The worst winter he experienced was spring in San Francisco
If the metal is too hard to cut, anneal it by heatheating it to red heat and let it air cool. Iron and steel loses it magnetic attraction so a powerful magnet can be used to make sure it is hot enough to a couple inches of depth.
I loved watching every bit of this! I restore axes, and hammers for a living this made me so happy to watch you make this hammer. I would love to build a hammer for your rack if you have space. You’ve been a huge part of my life since I was a kid. You’re always inspiring me on good days and bad. I really appreciate you existing
any shape form is right, hammer art an art form being made dating back to swords and axes have been crucial item of war and development of human society. These were tools of war, hunting implements long before being machine shop tools, and environment-altering instruments that gave humans an advantage in their pursuits of survival throughout history. anything goes when making a hammers goes?
28:42 I'm about to hit that, and I'm gonna hit it nice and hard....
Lol. The title should be. "Was garbage".
Ahhhh I was waiting for you to hit something with it!  You if your a hammer everything looks like a nail  please next video hit something with it.
Anyone else singing ‘we will rock you” at 27:50?
"Within this distopia we're living through" - For the ages. Fantastic.
Why didn't you harden the hammer faces when you had the chance?
Hey! That's my thingymagig off my whatchamacallit.  I lost that in SF a few weeks ago. I'll take the hammer as compensation! Haha
Anybody else think "holy cow your gonna heat it up there? Next to that AT-AT"
That chunk of metal you found looks like its the ram to a hydraulic piston. Probably from the boom or shovel of a mini bucket excavator type of thing
New one day build idea. Fixing the made in usa lable. The missing D is killing me...
I’d love if Tested recorded all the tools and sounds. Especially the mill and released a sound effect pack.
what is the gauge used at the beginning of him milling the metal, I'm an armature maker trying to learn more about everything.
Looks like a wrist pin for a backhoe bucket...nice find man!
Any home machinist who doesn’t see junk steel in the wild as “stock” is NOTHING! Lol
1:22 the weather you just described is seattle now lol
I bet somebody (like me) would pay good money for a "signed" Adam Savage "Garbage hammer!"  Or better yet, a gift for that special someone...  ^-^
"It's fine... It's fine!"  Adam trying to convince himself it's a good looking hammer 😂
Advanced construction instructions:  "I need a 'thunk thunk' over there and a bit of 'pop pop' over here..."
Nice hammer but you never hammered anything with it in the video😢
Did anyone else start singing Queens We will rock you when he was putting the wedge in?
"My mother called me a garbage hammer once, Johnny....  Once!"  -Johnny Dangerously
anyone else getting queen stuck in their head well adam is hammering his hammer?
This is fantabulous
@27:55 - We will, We will, Rock you!
What reservoirs? All that rain water went out to the ocean thanks to the leftists that control California, most rainwater and snowmelt goes right out the delta into the ocean. It’s sad but true. I’m sure California will pass many more tax bills to pay for water projects, just like they have done for the last 30 years (but nothing ever gets built) sorry this has nothing to do with hammers…back to the video.
final word, my autism for music, what queen song? is Adam hammering when he’s putting in the wedge for the hammer head?
Every tool's a hammer. Allen wrench? Hammer. Book? Hammer. Steel pin and a chunk of pallet? Hammer.
its almost as if california wasnt ever a climate meant for 40 million people to live in....nah that cant be it
I suggest you try charring the handle on a build. After a very light post-sanding and application of linseed oil, it creates a beautiful and durable finish. It also functionally protects the wood, all without synthetic dies.
Adam Adam Adam sigh.... You made a pretty piece.  You didn't make a functional piece.  So is the worth of something in the viewing of the object or it's function?  If it is anything other than viewing than your hammer is a fail.  You did things because they look good without giving any thought as to how the pieces of a hammer actually work. 1. The handle hole on a hammer is tapered.  Blacksmiths would use a tapered punch.  Modern companies like Vaughn would just cast the taper in to the head.  The purpose of the taper in the handle is very simple.  IT KEEPS THE HAMMER HEAD FROM FLYING OFF!  When you put the tapered end towards the top of the hammer and tap the wedge in.  You've now created an end bigger than the hole towards the handle.  Thereby every time you swing it's impossible for the head to fly off.  2. I'm currently sitting at the 23:21 minute mark and now you've fucked the handle.  I can see the grain structure of the handle is wrong for a hammer.  A hammer is a striking tool.  The grain in the handle must run at least somewhat parallel to the striking motion.  IF you rotate the grain sideways you run a high risk of breaking the hammer handle when you hit something hard.  If you've ever broken a wooden hammer handle.  This is likely the reason why.  I'll continue watching and see if you go for a straight handle.  Which is what it should be for a reversible hammer, or if you add a palm swell.  Oh... I can't wait to see what you've done.  Okay we're back  3. You annealed the hammer head so you could machine it.  Sadly you never hardened the material after you finished the head.  Which means the hammer may or may not be harder than what you're hammering.  Which is going to lead to deformation of one and or both of those faces as you use them.  The reason a striking end of a punch mushrooms over is because on purpose it is left softer for two reasons.  One is that allows the punch to flex and not break.  Two is that way it won't damage your hammer hammer face.  Either way after you use your hammer a few times it's going to be very scared.  4.  When you handle a hammer.  You flip the handle upside down using a wooden mallet or a dead blow pound the handle INTO the head.  This properly seats the head onto the handle shoulder thereby keeping the head from eventually wobbling.  Which is annoying!  5.  Going back to number 1 of this list.  Since you didn't taper the hole you've lost some mechanical advantage.  You should have cut a wooden slot with that fancy Japanese pull saw you love.  This would allow for a wooden wedge to be hammered in.  THEN you put the metal wedge in.  Which you experienced the head falling off problem already in just putting in the metal wedge.  Again going back to my first comment.  Where is the worth of a piece?  If that pieces worth is in it's function then it's worthless.  As it may not even last past the first time you use it.  If it's worth is in the experience of making the thing, then it's priceless.  However with that said.  You sir are a highly intelligent individual, and my respect for you and what you do is miles above the chart as to not be recordable.  One cannot know everything, and making things quick and dirty as you've needed to for your whole career.  Is unequaled.  Yet making things that are meant to last and be functional beyond a few uses is not your forte.  Please as a maker to another do some research and gain some knowledge into the thing before you craft in front of someone.  There are hundreds of videos on hammers and how they work and the best handles and more on hammers than you could possibly learn.  Your average viewer will watch NONE of them.  The video you created showed a man making a beautiful looking hammer, and yet you didn't create a hammer at all... just a chunk of metal that's going to fly off of a broken handle.
Could this be a trial run before making The Armorer’s hammer from the Mandalorian? Fingers crossed!
More of this type of video
So, you annealed the steel to make it soft enough to machine. However you never hardened and tempered it after shaping it. So it's really more of a steel mallet. I saw someone else in the comments say that you need a forge. I Agree. Well if you want to continue to make tools that require heat treating, you need a forge.
The stamp is cool AF
Nice job! I've made hundreds of (piton) hammers. The only other thing I would have done is harden it.
Singing "We Will Rock You" while he was mounting the hammer head to the handle.  😅
That looks like a trailer pin.  I was at a factory where all they made were pins.  This looks like something they would have made.  It is probably fairly mild internally (for resiliency), but surface hardened for wear resistance.  Kind of like how a knife is fairly soft internally, but extremely hard on the edge.
Every Tool Is A Hammer... and so is trash 😂
27:45🎶 Queen - We will rock you 🎶
You mentioned hammer forms at the end, and I took a look at two hammers that belonged to my great grandfather (a blacksmith). One is a ball peen, and the other is a conventional Stanley Standard claw hammer. One thing noticeable about both is that the heads peck forward a degree or two that enables them to strike perfectly flat, allowing for the arc of the strike - The Stanley's head seems to have been cast this way, and the ball peen head is pitched forward a fraction- This isn't a feature with modern, lower quality off the shelf hammers as far as I can tell.
“Today on Tested, Adam plays the national anthem using a sander and a hammer head!” 19:54 😂  Great work as always Adam & Tested team 🎉
man I loved the small window of Adam explaining next to the sped up video of him doing something tedious
I haven't finished the video yet but if you annealed it you need to harden and temper it again. Unless you are going to only use it on soft things.
when he picked up the big dewalt saw, i thought it was a boom box, and i said what’s he going to do with that boom box. 🤫🤨🤔😂
"That's all I'm going to reveal about the project you've already seen a thumbnail for."
19:55 MIDI music?!
I Know this tune but... can't name it, can you?  https://youtu.be/wrr1AYDiVs0?t=1195
Could have forged it?
Bury it in vermiculite or sand to allow it to cool extremely slowly and it will even even softer.
When installing a hammer head you fit it on by hand then turn it over and walk the bottom of the handle and it sucks the head of the hammer tightly to the handle
2 notes, not criticisms as im sure this hammer will work absolutely fine so long as it isnt swung like a baseball bat or pickaxe..   1. the hammer head should have two tapers, top and bottom, so that the handle can be both hammered into the bottom taper and the wedge can be expanded into the top one, locking the head onto the handle *mechanically* as opposed to the purely friction fit you have with a straight hole. again, should be absolutely fine for your purposes, just a note if you decide to make any axes in the future, this could be a life threatening oversight for a bystander.   2. when installing wedges onto freshly hung handles, ive found flipping everything around and continuing to pound on the bottom of the handle while the wedge rests on an anvil accomplishes the two tasks of compressing the wedge into the handle AND the handle farther into the head simultaneously. doing it that way will get you as permanent a wedge installation as you could possibly want, you also dont have to worry about busting the wedge up on a miss hit because all of the force is spread evenly across a larger surface.   that being said, beautiful work as always, i love watching adam using his shop. seems like every video i notice something i decide i want to add to my own lol
Adam's just kickin' your can all over the place, singin . . .
Adam, I'm a year into my aviation maintenance field. It's my dream career. Grew up watching you like we all did. I'm a sheet metal worker/mechanic. Trying to learn the lathes and mills we have at the shop too. I would love if you made a video showing tools that would be good to have for sheet metal, lathe, mill and any sort of metal working. I some times custom make parts for commercial/cargo air crafts. Think it would make a good video and talking point. Also some tips on the lathes and mills and explanations on what some of the tools that the lathes and mills use. Also, if you made some metal working hammers or tools I'd totally buy them
Perfect hammer for leatherwork.
When he was hammering that Shim in, was anyone else singing "we will, we will rock you..."?
I'm glad chocolate tastes better than steel.
The beat of we will rock you 27:46
If you are  looking to pass some time, you should check out..Kurtis at Cutting Edge Engineering in Australia amazing machinest & welder...he shares so much knowledge.
Can confirm, random metal items = Stock!
From the scrap to object transformation to the scientific explanation this takes me back to watching the old mythbusters when i was a kid. Thank you so much for making this world a better place to be in. We all love you Adam, don't ever change.
Nice! As a machinist myself, every (~) piece of metal has potential! You and Tom @OxTools should compare hammer collections!
Nice looking hammer, but he annealed the steel piece and never hardened it again when shaped like a hammer... . Am i missing something here?
Distopia. Nailed it. Pun intended.
Great stuff beautiful hammer 🔨
This should be a series.
Mr Tested….you should absolutely issue a global maker challenge.  This is the perfect thing to push out into the world.  Find any 2 bits of gar-baaj, or found items and make something out of them.  Any maker, any specialty any type of build any type of item!
Nooooo, that wood was supposed to be a Pike!
Didnt he anneal the metal part of the hammer? Doesnt that mean you need to re harden the hammer to prevent it from getting ruined later?
27:46 We will, we will rock you!
27:43 We will, we will, Rock you!
When Adam went to "O'Neill" his hammer I wondered if he went with Anderson or Russel ? Then I noticed his drill vise said "Kurt" so I imagine he went with "Russel" please don't be "Thor" it's a hammer joke.
19:56 what song were you trying to play their sounded nice lol
You had it in the mill to start.. seems like  you coulda made a nicer hammer there.. but im commenting mid video so maybe you end up saying  as much
He didn't seem to re-heat treat the steel.
hammer pr0n at the end... :D
We will Rock you Hammer blows! 🤣
Damn man. You need a forge.
I swear I heard "We will rock you" when you assembled the head.
It's a beautiful thing Sir :) A practical beautiful thing :)
Makes hammer... Doesn't hammer anything with it. Darn.
Thank you so much Adam! Throughout it all you've been showing us that it's ok to find neat stuff, pick it up and make something useful from it. ❤
"Now you cut to the first thing...."  Your editor appreciates Wes Anderson I see.
Uh....Adam, I know you hammer is cool and all, but did you Temper it before you put it on the handle? of you want a hammer to stay structurally intact it needs to be tempered ant then slightly annealed back again to make it Touch and not deform when it hit something hard. Unless you intend to never use it to hit hard things. But yeah, I didn't see any part of the video where you tempered it. or did you do it off Camera?
Loved this vid! One mans trash is another mans hammer.
Adam, would it have been good to "re-temper" the hammer head again after shaping & polishing it to bring it to a specific hardness?
That used to be the pin for a semi trailer tandem.
Chocolate and steel.... Doesn't cacao contain natural iron? Maybe that explains it. 😅
3:39 clearly, it's a piece of wood
Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin' ... 27:46
it as adam's says it looks like it had a two, ear/lugs, at the end, look likt they have broken off, (and it was found on, road/street, it one of locking pins that hold cargo ship containers is place, when there not be moved, when there on ships/trains or in this case the back on HGV, lorry/track unit, on the road, hope the remain three hang on in there? lousing one of there buddies in action 😞 RIP.
Was anyone else worried that At-AT near the Oxy-Acetylene flame was going to melt?
Again another great build! Love it!!! Also now I know where my great great grandfather lost his favorite pin. He was so sad when he lost it on the streets of San Francisco 😪
Surprized you didn't got a takedown notice when hammering to the beat of We Will Rock You.
It's a cobbled up hitch pin for a trailer.
William Burroughs' quote? It's Sharkey's night tonight, baby!
To borrow a term, Nice “THWACKER”
So who else started to sing "We Will Rock You" when Adam was wedging the hammer?
The wood might be some type of white oak.  Over here in the Midwest we use white oak for numerous applications that take a lot of abuse like pallets and dunnage.  It is a good, dense wood that can take a beating, but for a tool handle, I'm not so sure.
Perhaps the title should be "Adam Savage's Hammer *WAS* Garbage" because it certainly isn't garbage any more. That design is quite similar to a 'chasing' hammer used in jewelry making - the wide flat surface is good for smooshing out details in soft metals. Unlike a sledge or mallet, a crafting hammer is narrow behind the head to *reduce* its mass, offering more control over the operation. Great job, lovely video, thanks for the inspiration!!
Should you harden the steel again? Why or why not?
28mins was _so_ close to "We will rock you"!!
❤
you could have done a heating to critical temp and oil quench/hardened the faces, then temper. Two fold bonus; hard faces and an oil black finish
The hammer isn't garbage, but it does blow
Wedge hammered to the beat of ' we will rock you' Queen, lmao.
Looks like a locking pin from an Intermodal Container Chassis
Was anyone else wanting to sing "We will, We will Rock You" when Adam was hammering the wedge in?
27:44 "We will, we will, ROCK YOU!"
I luv those ole auto adjust 3 jaw chucks , better than 4 jaw in my opinion
Looks like a good shape of hammer for planishing metal. Maybe making your own plate armor with.
"Buddy you're a boy make a big noise playing in the street gonna be a big man some day"
The lathe, drill press and polishing wheel reminds me of shop class back in school half a lifetime ago...damn I really enjoyed those.
Dont hammers have to be made from special tempered hardened steel?  Do you have any idea what kind you made the head from?  It could dent or splinter just from hitting a few other iron things.
I have only seen one person who comments on how dirty a piece of metal... That is Adam. 😂  "Man this is really dirty." *Puts nose inches away and takes a whiffs smell* "And it doesnt smell..." Lol Adam man makes me laughs sometimes and I appreciate the engagement.
Adam!!! what the hell!!!! you can't make something and then not show it being used, that's heresy!!!!
Great video, loved the process, but I’m often surprised Adam don’t have forge!
Love this stuff, but why no PPE?
What does ODB (on the clapper at 0:02) stand for?  (Surely not a Wu-Tang reference).
Are you hardening the hammer faces?
Reminds me of cobblers hammer.  When you were putting the wedge in all I heard in my head was Queens We Will Rock you.  Boom boom bang.
AT-AT!.... Also, nice job on the "garbage" hammer.
"Adams and molecules are always dancing" damn straight
9:39 brb, going to temper my chocolate milk back into a bar form :)
3 remarks: 1. Taper the hole (see other comments) 2. Harden and temper the steel again. 3. Buy or make a heat treating oven.
Lol now I imagine you are zigzagging through neighborhoods on bulk trash days looking  scrap metal stock.  Actually though it's kinda shocking what people toss out that is useable on some way.
"However as a millionaire"
I don't know if you are gonna read this, but there is a very simple trick for heating things in a vise, put a piece of pcb blank between the jaws and the part, it works wonderfully as a thermal insulator, even when the laminate inside gets all charred. I used this to braze chunks of copper that had to be perfectly aligned, and I did it to prevent them from getting stuck to the vise, and to my surprise, it worked way faster and the vise was significantly cooler after that, and i been using this trick ever since.
27:45 we will rock you ?
When all you have is scrap, everything looks like a hammer.
Anyone else want to start singing "We Will Rock You" at 27:47?
looks like a tractor trailer pin
It will whack
Backhoe bucket pin
anyone else start singing "we will we will rock you!" as adam was knocking the head onto the handle? cuz i did.
did you harden the faces of the hammer?
Don’t worry. If you hate it that much I can take it from you lol
Adam, If you want to anneal steel it can be helpful to keep a 5 gallon pail of vermiculite around. Heat it until non-magnetic if possible and bury the part in the vermiculite. For a hunk like you have there it might take 10-15 hours for it to cool but it does a good job. A cheap propane forge is great to heat that up evenly and throughout.
Looks like a bucket pin from an excavator
the problem with this hammer that was evident when you were trying to wedge it is that it is missing the proper hourglass shape to the eye. The straight walls meant that the head kept trying to jump off of the handle. This hammer is inherently unsafe as the handle will likely shrink as time goes on, eventually enough for it to slip right off.
Did I miss the hardening of the hammer head?
cool, maybe put a new fangled bumper weight end on the end...with a small  chisel on it ? or a flat pry bar tip on it?
Sweet piece of garbage
Great hammer… guess they better not  come looking for that piece of steel anymore!!!
ODB: Found Steel Dance Party Edition
I wish he used the bolt as the wedge
This is why a forge would be a great addition to your shop, if you have hardened steel you can anneal it 👍
Sharkey’s Night!
Beware of a copyright strike. @27:45 is so "we will rock you!"     Great video.
STOP! Hammer Time 🔨 😆
If you picked it up off a San Francisco street, it definitely has something nefarious on it 😂
Anybody get a 'We Will Rock You' vibe at the end there?  (~27.55) :)
I won't turn my nose up too much because that's a beautiful hammer and a great example of what can be done with what looks like garbage. I just got to chuckle at the thousands of dollars In machining equipment it took to do it
Do you not need to re-harden the heads?
love when you making stuff😁
Every garbage is a hammer.
20:00 kinda sounded like james bond
Buddy you’re a rich man, poor man….
thats pretty cool im used to seeing hammers forged
There is a crane operator somewhere in San Francisco watching this saying "Hey that looks just like the main safety pin from the AAAAARRRRRRRGH"
In order to make a hammer, you need a hammer.
I was wondering: are "whoop whoop" and "thump thump" technical terms in the US? 😅
Adam If I ever get the tools, I would like to build some metal shaping hammers.  I think you need a vacuum close to the lathe to get the smoke fumes. I would our done the general shape of the handle first, but I get why you did the top first.
As a geologist with (nearly) a minor in climatology. I would wager your storage potential of your ground is much more affected by the urbanization of the land and the albedo affecting local dew points which impacts the systems moving in
Putting street found garbage to the smell test .... I died a little
new title for his next book "Every Scrap is a Hammer" LOL
Shouldn’t the steel be re hardened?
"It has a tunk tunk and a pop pop" 😅
Nice! Was anyone else singing ‘we will rock you’ as Adam walloped the wibbly thing into the end of the wood?
adam please fix the eq on your audio its much to bassy
That piece of scrap looks like a joint bolt from an excavator or a crane.
I was about to start singing We Will Rock you when you hammered the metal wedge in the top.
That hammer is GORGEOUS
he could revolutionize the entire city if he could make something useful out of the feces on the sidewalks.
I wanted to see you hit something with it, and have you explain what it's good for as compared to all the other hammers.
“The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco” - Mark Twain (allegedly)
27:45 Buddy you're a boy make a big noise playing in the streets gonna be a big man some day!
The hammer you made is not as pretty but it is made for real hard work. Kinda like the difference between a thoroughbred horse and a quarter horse. Both horses are very different and beautiful in their own ways.
Tell me I ain't the only one but when Adam hammers the hammer I instantly started singing "we will we will rock you" and clapped to the beat 😂😂
I can't say for sure but that appears to be a pin for an ACROW bridge.
If i was homeless id find my way to your shop looking for an internship
I was wondering shouldn't you have re heat treated after finished shaping it?
I'm a retired aeronautical, mechanical, structural engineer and I love it when you are using the lathe because for me it has always been 1 of my absolute favorite pieces of equipment. It's always been a calming, soothing, almost zen feeling any time I use it, yeah I'm weird 😂😊
It was at the 11:20 mark I witnessed the feeds & speeds of THEE  “Mad Machinist” … and in a freshly imprinted vision of one Christopher Lloyd …jumped to …if “Back to the Future” was to ever be rebooted …Adam Savage is the only suitable person to take the mantle of one Doc Brown … take note casting houses … take note …😊
"I can see two tiny pictures of myself and there's one in each one of your eyes" If you need me, just page Mr. Sharkey on the white courtesy telephone, please.
Another way of describing the The annulling process, I am adding energy into the object through heat, which in turn causes the molecules to move out of their current crystalline matrix and into a new crystalline matrix as it's more natural and malleable due to it cooling at it's own rate.. While If i wish to harden (Temper) the object qenshing it at certain points will freeze the crystalline matrix of atoms in their current state but it can also impact how brittle the object can be (especially at high carbon amounts)
forgot to reharden the steel...
Please cover your lathe bed when using abrasives.
Then it really is a small world because we've been getting slightly pissy rain for weeks in London too...
If you heat an Adam it moves faster?!!? LOL
Your fears are Scriptural. HE`S coming back to judge the living and the dead! Every knee will bend Brother. You know who you are and who`s you are. I love you Adam. You have excellent content..  Keep it up.
Pity about the centre in the smaller face
You lost me at atom or Adam
You had me at chocolate
oh that's easy... it's a Nover Trunion from a turbo-encabulator
Maybe we are having droughts cause other countries are making it rain like clock work? Using up water that would normally not fall there.
My favorite saying when I find discarded lumber or metal......"Ooooh..art supplies."
Now you need to melt the steel and and cast one.
Adam do you ever need an allergy pill after work, you know from the dust?
Adam do you not have an annealing oven.
I'm surprised that you don't have a forge to heat something like this up. Maybe a project for another time? :)
The only thing it’s missing a good heat treating
I am a construction worker. My guess was going to be a busted pin someone threw away. Probably from a mini excavator bucket.
You may not like the proportions, but they are great for many of us... why not give this work of art to one of your adoring fans?
27:45 We will we will rock you !!!! For those that hear..... awesome!
Nice one 👍
oh thats where i left my pin
At the 19:56 mark, Adam making unintentional music. Chef kiss.
The starting music is very "How it's Made" and I love it. Also, great work!
Ah, I thought it was a 30 minute video about you ragging on your own hammer! Good hammer! I mean no, it's trash!
Do not forget to harden the contact surfaces, otherwise it will dent as it is now soft steel.
27:46 We will, we will, rock you!
I've been to a hockey match one time in my life and there was this song that sounded the same when Adam was hammering the wedge to the hammer.
The shape of the head you arrived at looks a bit like a burlier version of a cobblers hammer.
It's fantastic.
27:45 "Buddy you're a boy, make a big noise, playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday..." 😁🤘 Anyways, Adam your videos never cease to amaze! I've always appreciated the "one man's trash is another's treasure" philosophy, but it was quite satisfying watching you give something a new, practical purpose as opposed to its previous one (being trash). Good stuff!😄
When Adam proudly shows off the hammer then whispers to do a flash back of the trash piece it came from I get a M.A.S.H flash back: "Used to be round"
It is going to b pretty garbage as you didn't harden it....
27:45 Who else started singing Queen's 'We Will Rock You' at this moment? 😄😄
I saw a few pointers here in the comments that you could benefit and learn from. Your handle leaves a bit to be desired. That abrupt edge at the end of the handle will cause you grief later on if you use the hammer a lot.  Also (and not to put too fine a point on this...) you did not heat treat to harden the hammer heads. That will cause problems if you use the hammer for metal working. You left the center-hole on the small head from when you were milling. It will cause raised dimples in metals that will be hard to eliminate and remove.  Also, as one of the viewers pointed out, you should have tapered the hammer head hole on both ends. A proper taper will create a waist in the middle of the hole. When you fitted the handle it's actually best to keep excess wood for the hammer head insert. The insert end should have been notch cut with a narrow slit. The leftover hardwood from when you cut the hammerhead insert, (I believe it's called a split tenon)... the leftover shoulder pieces could have been used as a wooden wedge insert into the split tenon. Then, the metal wedge could be driven in at an angle to provide even expansion of wood fibers that grips the handle and locks it into the hammer head. Tapering provides a more secure way to anchor the hammerhead to the handle. The 90° hole you milled will eventually begin slipping and will only get worse. The primary hammerhead should have been angled downward by about 1° for more controlled striking.  Because you did not heat treat your hammer head, it will always be prone to deformation. Excessive use on hard surfaces and a consistent blow on any one part of the hammerhead will create work hardening that could become prone to chipping. You have a fair understanding of machining, but it is lacking in key areas. When you cut the bar steel you should have oiled it.  You have 2 knife grinder sanding machines in your shop. You are using one for woodworking. But you could easily have fit metal sanding belts to the machine to grind it to a much finer finish than what you ended up with. I would have started out with 120 grit and finished with 2000 grit. Afterward it would easily have been polished up to a bright mirror finish far brighter than what you achieved. Your finishing was OK... and you ended up with a functional piece, but one that is prone to handle slippage because of the straight hole you milled into the head and handle.   You used a simple metal wedge and didn't split the tenon to receive a wooden wedge. The wooden wedge expands the split tenon to provide better and more consistent expansion of the wood into the hammerhead... Mr. Savage, it was a good effort, but definitely needs more work and improvement on your build technique. You need to "bone-up" on your metallurgy a bit more. It's an OK build, but could be so much better. I'd suggest taking some blacksmithing courses to learn how to punch hammer eyes and the proper way to fit handles to hammers, axes and hatchets.   Smithies who makes those kinds of tools will always deliberately leave the tenon longer than needed so they can fit the handle to the head properly. Any excess wood is trimmed off before the final steel wedge is driven in. They do this to cut and trim the hammer tenon flush with the hammer head. It also prevents the problems that you experienced while trying to set the handle to your hammerhead. You kept having to stop and reset the head to the handle. This does not occur with a properly tapered hammerhead eye, and a properly fitted handle.  This video link shows a smithy explaining and demonstrating how to fit hammer handles properly. It's different from what I know, but is an excellent demo for correct and proper hammer or ax/hatchet handle fitting. When you watch pay close attention to how much smaller the hammer handle tenon is from the hammer-eye. But notice how perfectly fitted the handle is when it's properly installed. Hope this helps. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yH4SiyTKk4k
when you where knocking the wedge in it was almost musical
No hardened face?
28:44 "I'm about to hit that, and I'm going to hit it nice and hard" Adam knew what he was saying.
I'm in metro Detroit. 🤨 This weekend was the first where the cold didn't interfere with thought.
29:15 William S. Burroughs quote? Or is it by Laurie Anderson? They both have writing credit on the track.
27:45 We will, we will, rock you! Shame on you editor for not noticing :)
I find it interesting, and maybe ironic that we're using all of this advanced machinery (lathe, mills, sanders, blowtorches) to create the most basic tool. Basically a glorified cavemans club.
For some reason I expected it to get hardened at some point
I would have suggested hardening the hammer faces a little.
1. Life long PNW'r - It's "Pissy" Rain here in the Pac. NW also.  We periodically get heavy rain, but Seattle is very similar to San Francisco's weather.  2. That wood looks like white oak in the blank. 3. "Dumpster Diving" is not just a machinist's hobby...we crafters and woodworkers are noted for diving into our fair share of junk piles.  Case in point, I made my father a beautiful spalted maple fly fishing fly box from a chunk of wood in a pile by the side of the road someone had cut down on the way to Stevens Pass.  Keep up the great posts!
Really nice hammer. Love it 🎉 Great content, as always!
Only mentioning this because you have power and might be able to influence those with even more power to do things - rainwater harvesting is a really important practice.  Here in the deserts of Arizona, we have the same issue as you mentioned - the sun bakes the ground until it simply can't absorb water, so the torrents come during the monsoon and we just get flash floods.    You can create swales that slow the movement of the water - imagine creating a large maze that the rain has to follow with small pools for it to collect in.  The longer it sits on the ground, the more it'll soak in and the more permeable the ground gets.  It's a bit hard to do on that scale in the wild, but in areas we control (parks, parking lots, yards, etc) it doesn't take a ton of effort.  There's also a dude in Tucson (Brad Lancaster... he is on YouTube) who started guerilla urban rainwater harvesting by illegally cutting the curbs on his street to let the water in the gutter into his yard.  He spread that to his neighbors and it was so successful that the city of Tucson now gives out permits to do the exact same thing.   California can't afford to not capture the rain anymore.  You guys need to accept that you're (at least periodically) essentially a borderline desert and treat water like it was gold.   Nice find and good work on the hammer!
@27:45 it's like Adam is playing the base line to any song by Queen
27:45 Queen, as covered by homemade hammer.
And the last minutes it switched to 'can' t touch this'...
Found Art! Recycle, Reuse, Renew, Repurpose! Cradle to Grave to Hammer. Awesome Build.
Yo Adam.....cheap pallet material is mostly Fir...not a great material for a handle....higher end, oak....better.  Anyone else hear Queen song when Adam is hammer, hammer, thump when mounting the head on the handle....We will, we will....rock you.
No heat treatment??
You should have heat treated and quenched before polishing incase you need to use this hammer on metal work. It may deform if used in an anvil or something else as hard.
Hi Adam, how about doing a raffle and giving that hammer away to one us who are less fortunate in the hammer department? All your videos make me envious of your workshop, such a great place to hang out and let your creativity run unchecked. Keep 'em coming!
Anyone else that got a queen Song stuck in theire head after watching the last part of the video?
27:46 „...rock you!"
27:56 Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'
surprised you didn't harden the hammer head
way to high of speed for drilling that...
Did you harden it again?
Oh! Speaking of chocolate, temperature hardening (and quality); I keep mu chocolate in the fridge. It makes the bite extra crisp and not melting so fast when I'm holding it. But i have no idea if the chocolatier intended me to keep it there..?
Heat treating before you cut it LMFAO... adam so savage these techniques wouldn't work in industry.
One of our shop class tasks was to build a hammer. "Here is a piece of wood. Here are some files. A drill. Sand paper. Go." Our shop class teacher was ex soviet weapons lab worker who probably though he was better than his current job, so... he was not nice.
Adam just going around disassembling construction equipment... 😂
Adam please cover you lathe ways when your sanding your work
@27:50 "weeee will, weeee will..."
Blacksmiths test metal heat with the back of their hands. If you burn the palm, you are done working. If you burn the back, you can carry on.
Very nice, thanks.
That looks like it could have been a hitch pin for heavy industrial construction equipment ???
What is the name of the Cutting goggles he used because those are amazing.
you have found it on a street? have you tested it for radioactivity? it's risky to take unkown chunk of steel around
27:45 🎵 We will, we will, rock you! 🎵
Maybe I missed it, but did Adam harden the steel after he got the final form?  Wouldn't you need to?
Wouldn't the hammer head have to be hardened again after shaping it?
Cut yourself a lot?
Hey Adam, I’m really wondering what watch strap you have on the ultra??
The best way I heard  hardening and softening steel explained is flash freezing a medieval army. At it's baseline the molecules are all in formation but the formation isn't super tight and there's some give, because the steel is relaxed. When the steel is hot it's like they're all running at a dead sprint to the enemy line, breaking formation and spreading out. When you quench it it's like they all just piled up against the enemies shields against each other in this super tight pile and time gets stopped. When you temper it the line reforms a little against the enemy line and that's as strong as it gets, less rigidity and has some flexibility. And when you heat it and don't quench it it's like the enemy retreated and the line falls back into a relaxed formation.
Does the Tested membership have the same video''s but without the music ?
27:50 Dum Dum Cha! Dum Dum Cha! We are the champions!
One man's junk is another man's hammer.  😋
Rosebud much? Lol
Adam, I think you’d like a maker named Beau Miles haha that’s his whole deal, making canoe paddles and houses out of things he finds while running
Seems like something @BeauMiles would get up to.
Adam using that torch right next to his beautiful AT-AT makes me more than a little bit nervous
28:15 Adam you do that because you’re ADHD and stimming. (From a mental health professional and fellow ADHD neurodivergent brain.) Wonderful work!
I sure that you didn't realize that when you were driving the wedge into the head of the hammer, you were using the beat to Queen's "We Will Rock You".. "BOOM, BOOM, CLAP! - BOOM, BOOM, CLAP!  We will we will rock you....!"    (p.s. please do an old machinist a small favor and put just a dab of weld on the little end of the hammer to cover the divot that was left over from the center drill hole. It wouldn't take but a few minutes to do, and I won't break out in hives when I think about it! 😂)
*disc sander noises *
You know what they say, it takes a hammer to make a hammer 28:00
Your hammer handle appears to be a piece of red oak.  27:45 “we will we will rock you…” 🤟
WEeee will, weeee will, rock you! 27:47
Why do I hear a Queen sing when banging hammer? A piece of pallet, a chunk of scrap steel and $10,000 worth of equipment...
27:48 We will we will rock you!
27:45  Adam you're a man, With a big plan, Picking up junk, Gonna make a new tool today!
1:08 I lived in the PNW for several years, and the winters there are the same. We called it “obnoxious mist”. I feel the same, at the time I kinda hated it, but now that I live in the Northeast again, I’d rather have 45º and obnoxious mist than -15º and three feet of snow…
That metal looks to me like an old window counterweight.
I like your newest handle better.  Anything smaller, and your first miss would be the last.
Your machinist's perspective reminds me of my early twenties when I was having campfires in the woods multiple times per week. I would be driving somewhere and see some dead tree near the ground but propped up just perfectly so it would be accessible and dry and I'd think "that's some nice firewood right there."
Queen…. Lol
took me to 3:46 before i realized what the title actually meant lol
did anyone else start singing "we will, we will, rock you" around the 27:47 mark 😂
Awesome hammer, but will you use it in your projects.
That would be a great object to auction off for a charity of your choice- or for more tools.
Looks like yellow pine for the wood.  But that's from a total non-carpenter.  And was anyone else cringing everytime Adam when to drill on that...without safety glasses?
6:34 That's a fascinating insight! I wouldn't have known.
at 7:00 he has that At-AT standing in the background.  How does he keep stuff like that clean in that environment?
Maybe a peen instead of the smaller ending?
Adaaaam you didn’t harden it 😛
the small hammer handles remind me of the spindles on the back of a wooden kitchen chair. if you find the right chair the spindles are usually some type of hard wood. very similar shape and the good part is if you find a old chair, the wood is aged.  😮😮🔎🔎🔨🔨🪑🪑 great way to repurpose old junk.
30:20 Random spatula appears with his hammer friends
At 27:46 hands up if you started singing: "We will, we will rock you"?
I watched about half way through the video before realizing the title meant Adam was building a hammer out of garbage, not a hammer that is garbage. I'm sure this was intentional, but I should have realized it a lot sooner.   Also imaging you are some person annoyed that you lost a pin off of your equipment, open up YouTube to relax a bit, and see Adam Savage turning your pin into a hammer.
That IS a lovely hammer.
We will, we will, rock you.
I wonder what kind of a twist drill Adam was using? Must be pretty good to go the RPM he was driving it. A plain HSS bit drilling mild steel you can't run much faster than about 700 RPM without burning the bit up. It'll get annealed due to the heat.
Filler video... That hammer is useless.
Awesome, I love making things outta garbage! XD And mine are never THIS useful! Ya know, there are so many WEIRD SOUNDS in this episode! Not just the cool electro-synth Jingle Punks music chosen on purpose, but the almost music-like pattern of the sanding, the rattle of a shutter outside at like 21 minutes exactly that Adam doesn't seem to hear... It's mind-bending, yo
Did you harden the head before final assembly?
19:55 That was very musical.
The slight zoom when Adam said: 'I don't know woods very well.' was somehow hilarious
Tested's music choice never need to go as hard as they do! 🤘
27:47 we will, we will, rock you!
Anyone else notice the thunderclap at @20:45 ??
Love the rendition of Queen, we will rock you near the end.
Does anyone know where Adams polisher machine is made?
I absolutely love this work shop.
Adam Savage takes street garbage and turns it into a useful tool.  Republican voters take street garbage and make him president of the United States.
I like the rendition of Queen’s “We Will Rock You” at the end.
This is the kind of content from Adam that makes my heart sing: we get his absolute delight in what he makes, and the added joy of know it's made from "garbage" he picked up on the street. Lovely from every angle, it sparks so much joy!
pallets that suck are made from cottonwood, good pallets are often white or red oak, sometimes pine with paint + treating
It's been 7 years since I worked in a machine shop and I can still smell those blue chips coming off your mill (and also feel them burning my hands lol)
I think what you made was a meat tenderizer without the waffle pattern😂 To be fair, It's still a sweet hammer.
27:45 "Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday..."
Somewhere in the bay, someone is counting their scaffolding pins and is missing one. 🤣
Everything is a hammer. ;)
27:45 we will we will rock you!
At 27:50 the hammering on the hammer sounds like the rhythm of Queens song we will rock you.
Adam Savage is turning into Jimmy DiResta.
I still can't believe you traded good pizza and bagels for whatever poor excuse for dough they have in SF. :)
This title really got me. I thought this was a test or review of an Adam Savage branded hammer
Nice hammer! I would have been nice to harden it again.
the backwards shop was trippy
stop. hamertime 27:46
Once a year, in the town I grew up in, we had "trash day" where you could toss your large trash to the curb... Everything from beds and sofas to bike frames to dead electronics. the city would then come through with a stake bed truck and a front end loader to haul off the trash. It was a true tinkerer/makers paradise the week leading up to it. Piles of scrap often 3-4 feet tall by 10-15 feet long in front of nearly every house. People would be scurrying around scavenging odds and ends they saw potential in.  Oh... And that divot from the live center in the small face will transfer the pattern to anything you hit with it. Gotta file or machine it back far enough to be rid of that.
That looks like a barn door pin from a dump truck bed.
Nice Hammer, the handle is a bit short per typical proportions, but I wouldn't worry too much about the proportions, sometimes you need a shorter handled large head hammer. BTW I didn't see you make a reverse taper in the head handle-hole, which is required for the wedges to stop the head coming off.
Adam sir your fantastic
I love the image of Adam just helping himself to some metal trash on a dirty, nasty SF street
@19:54 - LOL can you play the "Star Spangled Banner" with that thing?  Reckon you could :)  - Edit @27:45, my my aren't we feeling musical today? - name that tune :)
Almost Deus Ex like tunes at 24:36
That hammer was made from garbage, it's not garbage.   You made a great video on how to repurpose " trash " to treasure.
I love it
Were using that file without a handle? Never do that a mistake on the lath will send the tang deep into your hand.
Did Adam forget to re-temper the hammerhead before fitting it to the handle?
ADAM SAVAGE BUILT THIS IN A CAVE. .... WITH A BUNCH OF GARBAGE!
"I saw the hammer within the garbage. I simply set it free" -Adam Savage probably
Love to see a fellow scavenger work.
Minute 27, "We will rock you" !?
That looks like someone lost their tow hitch pin.
Adam, the best wedge in the world won't keep that handle on... a hammer eye isn't just a straight cylindrical hole, because that won't hold a handle. It may seem like it should be that way when you drift and punch the eye, but it doesn't end up that way. Why did you leave it annealed instead of hardening and tempering before hanging the handle? By doing that, you effectively made a brass hammer that rusts, lol. :)
I like the editor's choice in music.
you not going to harden the ends of that?
Scrapheap wasn't that done in a scrap/junk yard I remember shows like that from the UK shown in the US
It looks like the pin for the dipper arm of a backhoe/trackhoe.
My ONLY concern here is if I hear 'Can't Touch This' in the background, and Adam starts dancing...  'nuff said.   🐺🤙
ADAM..I'm not a machinist, but I do use a blowtorch on occasion and err.. should you be firing that OxAc at your prized ATAT walker made of cast resin?  Maybe the other direction may have been better?
Actually at absolute zero there is still kinetic energy from the quantum physical system stuff.  Also because the molecules always have some "charge moment," heat involves the movement of a charge which gives rise to radiation. This I learned recently when I asked ChatGPT to talk to me about the "ultraviolet catastrophe." But I would imagine that heat from a torch comes mostly from the kinetic energy, and not radiation, because that would probably cook your guts faster than it would heat the metal. I dunno. Thank god for kinetic energy, I guess.
Some buildier is going to be like, ''where did I put my chunk of metal'' and Adam will be like, '' I dunno but here's a cool shiny hammer''
Fun with an AT-AT in the background
Somewhere Tom Lipton is smiling
See this is why I dont like to miss any of your videos.. there are always gems of knowledge inside. Thank you for always taking your time to teach
Hello there, what a great hammer!! 👍🇺🇸
Adam, that was the most awkward description of heat treating I think I have ever heard. <LOL>
The large Swiss Army Knife display model gleefully goes about its business opening and closing, completely oblivious to the deviousness that goes on around it!
Thanks. I'm a model maker. It seems weird to apply your methods to plastic. Yet the method is just the same if applied differently. I have loads of pic of models I have made. Wish I could share them with you. My story is from a chopping block to having a little "studio" as such. I have everything at hand and your posts enthused me to hold to your ethos. My stuff is crap but I enjoy it. 1/72 models but super detail them. it's stupid. people in Shetland don't get it. I LOVE taking hours to replicate a Finish on a U-2C . They say just paint it black. I'm priming then painting areas matt black, others red, some i do with an acrylic and others with alcohol or lacquer. Then i spray over a single coat of Night Black. Or I make a mix of glass black with matt purples, blues and greens. Their matt pigment will show through the gloss.  and you get multiple different panel areas. Sorry a simple thing that seems to be messing up a build that then really makes the finish really have life and stand out.
Tasty chunky chunks for an improv hammer? Looks good to me
who else was singing We Will Rock You in their head around 27:45
19:20 I love how that sings!
Loved the build , just donf hit anything to hard 😁
I wondered if you were going to harden the finished hammer head.
Where others see trash a maker sees potential.
Looks like it fell off Iron Man ;P
Who else was cringing about the torch and the AT-AT model being right behind the flame?
The proverbial proverb "another man's trash is another man's treasure" is not lost on me.
Who else was waiting to see the AT-AT melt? :-D
Uh Oh....Wasn't that the pin that was keeping the Millennium Tower from tilting? I heard it went missing.🤐
If there’s not a Queen remix of the hammering at 28m then I will be disappointed in the Internet.
Adam, watching you mill metal on your mill or lathe without eye protection always scares me, since your last eye injury.
One man's trash is another man's too. Nice hammer.
Adam, I’m 64 years old and was born in Oakland. I have lived here all my life. Both my wife and I remember much more rain in Winters. It was always a gamble as to wether it would rain on Easter.    Back East you guys always had humidity in the Summer. In 1992, while painting our old house, I experienced humidity for the first time! My wife whose family was from Mass, says, “this is just like Summer in Massachusetts”. It’s a strange new world.
Just FYI:  Absolute zero is a lot like the speed of light. You can approach it, but you can never achieve it.
Great video!  I love the sweet & simple builds.🔥👍
Tottally cool
Regarding storage space it doesn't matter whether you make it just big enough to accommodate what you already have or add space for additional future storage because it's a well known fact of physics that the stuff you need to store will expand to take up all available space.
27:46 "We will, we will, rock you!" 🤘
Fun to watch but how could he not even drive a nail or anything at the end with the finished hammer 😢
I rather enjoyed Adams rendition of "We will rock you" when he was attaching the handle 😂
World's politest dirty talk 28:40
If from a pallet, HIGH probability of red or white oak. It warms my heart to see a piece of actual debris turned into a nicely crafted tool. The faces of the hammer probably need some case hardening. Speaking of the faces. That divot on the small face will transfer its pattern to anything it hits. You probably want to machine it out. Finally you might want to file the hole for the handle to make a slight taper (as others have mentioned) allowing you to secure it with a wedge in your handle. As it is, that head will slide off at some point. You may notice it happening and correct the seating... You may not til after it becomes a projectile.
"Im not going to use any scientific terms" - Adam begins to drop the word molecule like hes getting paid $1 every time he uses it
As Adam was hammering in the handle wedge all I could hear was "We Will Rock You" :)
I picture the dead stare on the wife's face when he left to go for a walk and comes home with rusted garbage from the side of the road and a look of excitement.
Who's your foley artist.  Nice effects.  8^)
I have not seen you wearing your apron much any more.  I would have thought that during the milling process with the chips flying out that you would have worn some protection from your clothing.   Great video.
I saw the title and immediately thought of my favorite guitar, which is also made of scrap, the Red Special. Fun fact, Brian May's guitar that we all hear in nearly every Queen song is almost entirely repurposed garbage.
@27:47 name that Queen song
I saw the title and immediately thought of my favorite guitar, which is also made of scrap, the Red Special. Fun fact, Brian May's guitar that we all hear in nearly every Queen song is almost entirely repurposed garbage.
If it's not pine, there's like a 99% chance that pallet wood is oak
I dropped a big pin the the Bay Area, has anybody seen it… never mind. 😂
Oh, the interaction with editing and Adam is really great.
Somewhere in San Fransisco:  "WHERE IS OUR MAIN PIN???"  "BILLY DO YOU KNOW WHERE IT IS?"  "I-I don't know boss, it was right here yesterday. Hope noone has made a hammer from it or something."  "BILLY YOU ARE FIIIIIREDDDD!!!!!"
31:10 I don’t get it: why did he leave the dimple made by the lathe centre in there?
Almost The beat to “we rock you”. 27:45
Anyone else singing "We will rock you" when he was hammering the top wedge? Also love that he used paper towel to apply the stain as real people do not some fancy brush! One question though on the small side of the hammer Adam left the little "divot" from the lathe.. does that not make that side less useful?
Uhm, so the Hammer will be not very uselful i guess, because you didn't quench and temper it.
⭐Now THAT'S a hammer! I'm creating a free mobile puppetry service for children's hospitals, maybe you'd like to help? ⭐
Hey on the Oregon coast we get plenty of pissy misty rain
"I can see two tiny pictures of myself in each of one of your eyes. " Both of you, get to an optometrist, soon! One of you has a major problem.
31:36 ... Hammer p0rn..why even bother taking the time to add the line etching to the head?..... I don't know but it looks cool AF!!
hot flames and plastic models tend not to mix well
Sooo at 25:55 I not only knew what he was talking about, I also knew where they were located in his shop. Is that bad or have I just watched a little too much Tested? haha
We will we will ROCK YOU
That chunk of metal was probably the handle and screw of a vise. Just like the one Adam is using at 10:11. Or something similar like a jack.
👍😎 Did anyone else think of Queen when he was hammering in the wedge?
Adam, we all love you and want you to be well. Should you be wearing a respirator while using machining oil?
Nothing nefarious on it. . . Just ferrous!
Every tool's a hammer, even when it's a pallet and street scrap
You're correct. Any hammer that's milled and not forged is (or eventually will be) garbage.
"When I put together this hammer rack..."   Me: Spatula hammer?😅
As a Vermonter, it's incredible how much to me that California appears to simply be a veneer of liberal values painted over an absolute dystopian nightmare of "salt the earth" administrative policies. Like once the state started being on fire more or less permanently, you'd think that would be a sign to stop irrigating it to death.  Anyway, cool video, probably! I'll know for sure when I get to the rest of it, but historically that's been the case.
Stomp, stomp, clap - stomp, stomp, clap - we will, we will rock you! :D
Why do I get the feeling at the point when Adam is securing the head to the handle he had Queen's "We Will Rock You" playing in his head.
Should use linseed oil for the handle stops your hands from blistering
Since you save scrap of unknown origin, a Geiger counter might be a fun or valuable tool.
This was a beauty of a build especially considering it came from scrap metal. It's great to show how with a little work one man's trash is another man's treasure and that nothing went to waste. Absolutely loved it!
Almost looks like the Hammer Brothers type.
If you've had a hard time getting some metals soft, it's because heating and cooling is only normalizing the steel not annealing it.
So if you need a hammer to make a hammer the first hammer was, like, a gift from god I guess?
This build looks to be inspired by Adam's time at the armorer's shop talking about their own custom hammers and tools.
that looks like a window weight to me.
27:45 We will, we will rock you We will, we will rock you
You have to do an episode where you remove the tape from the clapper board and remunis about each of the episodes done.
I was all set to be pissed off by click bait.  What a pleasant surprise. Nice job Mr. Savage.
My favorite part of one day builds and Savage crafts in general is how much passion he puts into the simplest project. Adam's eyes show his excitement when he feels good about something and it's truly inspiring to watch.
Not sure if anyone else has stated this but it looks like it's a pin from a crane tower could be a piece of earth moving equipment aswell
"Where does he get those wonderful toys?"
Last call at the club looking at the leftovers like @28:43
The Dutch call that very light but annoying rain "Moth Rain". It is a light rain that tickles you like a moth’s wings.
why shouldn't there be knots in a handle? very curious about that comment from Adam.
Aren't hammer hardend?
scrap challenge. it reminds me of grant on junkyard wars. i think you should make a whole tools set hammer screwdriver crescent wrench out of street junk that would be cool. fire solves many problems lol
When you were hammering the shaft at the end I was waiting for the "We will rock you" bit to come in!
I like using stuf found in the garbage to make stuff. I've got a lot of leather from old couches I used in costumes, Cromed pipes to make lightsabers, a lot of wood and steel for different projects. I even made my Mandalorian mercs blaster from an old moped exhaust pipe, wood and plastic found in the trash.
Blondihacks does not approve.
I wonder if Jamie secretly watches these because he misses Adam
Adam, how do you keep your cave from becoming filthy? That torch puts a bunch of soot in the air, and I've seen you using your table saw without visible dust collection. Is there a blanket of dust on all of your treasures we aren't seeing?
Should the hammer be hardened?
More scrap challenges please!! This was inspiring
It would be cool if Adam tried to build a steelpan (musical instrument) but it probably too much work.
Adam Savage just casually finds a chunk of white oak in his pallets.
Mild temperatures and slightly pissy rain for weeks is traditional British Spring and early Autumn 😂
i would kill to have access to a shop like yours, but i know i will never afford to make one.
Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'... 😂
I thought Adam had a heat treat oven.
okay, how did you and whoever was editing this not pick up on, hammer, hammer, twack (we will we will rock you!!)
Hey Adam! Nice work with the raw materials! How come you did not re-harden the finished hammerhead before finishing the hammer? Wouldn't it make it better? And isn't it quite simple as you said? Just reheat it to a certain T and then quench it appropriately for the desired hardness. Amateur craftsman here, just wondering. Thanks!
nice but i feel maybe i would have tilted the hammer about 1/2 of a degree and taken another cut on either side of the handle slot?
Hey adam, material engineer from Brazil here, Amorphism of the structure is not the cause for hardness, for example glass is almost 100% amorphous and extremely hard, and diamonds are 100% cristaline and hard as well. Cooling fast metals makes them harder because it doesn't allow enough time for the metal's atoms to arrange themselves in a more disordered manner (not more amorphous), resulting in a more tightly packed crystal structure and a harder material.
He really is a wizard
Tap. tap. TAP. We will we will ROCK YOU!
Maybe I missed this, but did you re-harden the metal/hammer head?
Is there a reason that you didnt temper the steel after you polished it up?. Or if it doesn't need to be temperd what kids of projects will that be good for?
I get the curse - I don't have a lathe, but I do mess around with bits of scrap. So if I see something laid in the street, I also think "yeah, I can use that". I was looking for a really thick washer or spacer and couldn't find anything to suit (I needed it for my toilet seat). Saw a discarded car radio and sure enough, the tone control was perfect for the job. Aslo, that chunk of steell seems to be a pin for holding containers on trailers.
5:18 if you want to skip all the old man rambling.
When I saw the title I first thought Adam was going to do a build that didn't work at all the way he wanted it to. LOL
11:00 Adam LOVES it when a Science comes together!😁🚬
We will we will rock you.  Lol.    Adam tapping the wedge in
...annealing chocolate? Holy cow! Like if I take a chocolate bar that's melting and toss it in the freezer, it always seems to melt quickly again after you take it out, but if you let it sit and a room where it just isn't above melting temp the bar will harden on it own again and maintain the melted shape... this makes perfect sense to me now.
Mjölnir's envy is palpable
Adam when are you leaving San Francisco for safer parts. Do you not fear for your wife and family. If very wealthy people are being killed on the streets. Does it not make sense to find a new home with a large shop plus have room  to film your projects.  Better lighting etc. We all don't want to hear about something terrible happened to you or your wife.
"We will, we will rock you"
And I was still hoping for a pike out of that piece of wood
Anybody else get the urge to start singing "Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise, playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday" for some reason?
Bang bang pop. Bang bang pop. We will, we will rock you!!! Delightful make, Mr. Savage!
Hardwood pallets are white oak.
Very nice hammer but the grain of the handle is off by 90 degrees. It should be oriented in the same direction as the hammer head for strength.
nice build, could have done an oil quench on the head before fittig it to the handle to give it a bit of hardness
Its a vicious circle of getting rid of stuff i was going to make more stuff with to only find new stuff I can make stuff with
Any one else start singing Queens' "we Will Rock You" while Adam was setting the handle?
Mandalorian Armourer’s hammer and tongs would be a great one day build!
Your handle came from crate wood, most likely first or pine, a softwood.  Hammer handles are best made from hardwoods, like ash or hickory.
27:45  Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday You got mud on your face, you big disgrace Kicking your can all over the place, singin'
A brand new hammer and nothing was hit with it? 😮
You need to harden the faces.
in the land of cool toys you have, I am surprised you don't have an induction forge!!  In your enclosed space, an induction forge could be a really fun way for you to make things hot!!
I feel like the best sorts of things come from the statement "It's time to break out the Oxy / Acetylene torch."
We will, we will, rock you...
Sounds like rain type 17.
One lesson to take away: You need a hammer to make a hammer.
nice one adam!
I was hoping this video was made by Norm shitting on Adam's hammer. 😃
WE WILL WE WILL HAMMER YOU! couldn't resist!
nice job recycling. 👍👍
anybody thinking about we will rock you beat when Adam was setting the handle.
A real question, not a criticism: wouldn't you need to reharden the faces?  I mean, if you want a soft faced hammer, surely brass is beter, right?
Anyone else automatically start humming Queen's "We Will Rock You" while Adam was setting the wedge?
The PIP edit about molecules is an A1 edit 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Adam Savage found my metal pin that I lost off the back of my trailer!  Just kidding. What a fun video. It reminds me of a scene from Dexter when he's hanging out with that one British lady and she runs over a metal parking space marker and just chunks it in the back of her Jeep. I think she also takes a wind chime off a random porch or something. Don't take things that don't belong to you. But finding random things that look like trash to most people but are useful to someone else just reminded me of that scene.
It's a lock pin for a lowboy trailer
Adam Savage should have a dosimeter to ensure radiation safety!
Ideally, you want to make a flat with a mill bit first, then a small pilot hole with a pilot drill, then a small hole all the way through and then drill it to size. This centers the drill perfectly, as they have a tendency to wander, even the bigger ones. It is especially bad on round surfaces.  You also don't want to lean on the mill handle that much. Let the drill do the work instead of forcing it through. This will introduce a lot of heat into the cutting surface of the drill, weakening it and making it wear much faster. Slower drilling means less heat and that means your drills last longer. A pilot hole helps with this as well as you're not cutting as much material at one nor are you using the point on a large drill, which is very inefficient.
Next one day build suggestion for you Adam.  A small, 3 sided forge lined with firebrick that you can do heating/brazing/silver soldering  jobs in safely and efficiently.  You lose a lot of heat doing it out in the open like that and with that lovely vice acting like a heat sink.  If you didn't have the oxy-acetylene rig and just an oxy-propane rig (which is far more common and less spooky to have in a home shop environment) you'd be there all day doing it that way unless you did something about heat retention.
I feel like I was watching one of my other favorite channels, "My Mechanics". This is just like something he would do.
Thanks.
When u were tapping in the block I was thinking of queens we will rock u lol
omg why It took me >20min to get the pun in the title 🤦‍♂️
What would a hammer like that be used for?
As I'm watching you using the torch and it appears very close to your Star Wars model and I have to admit it's making me very anxious because all I keep imagining is watching it slowly start to melt. Always love your videos and been a die hard fan from the beginning. Thank you for sharing, everyone keep yourselves and love ones safe and healthy and remember to SMILE 😊😊
By Garbage-Thar's Hammer, what a savings!
Why was your detail sander playing music????😂😂😂
I think the chunkiness of the hammer looks perfect.
28 minutes in, I was desperately wanting you to break into We Will Rock You 🤟🤣
Such fun... to watch you enjoy what you do as much as you do... *grins* 🌻
Does it resemble it's little sibling the rubberheaded thwacker? Need a side by side!
Anyone else singing "We Will Rock You" near the end ?
Most steels require a slow cooling in addition to getting it to gel state. Otherwise you may accomplish stress-reduction and upsetting of case-hardening... but won't be all-the-way annealed. Bury in sand or fire wool for many hours will work on more things. In industry everything is done in kilns where heat soak and slow cool can be precisely controlled.
When you were doing the second side of the hammer in the lathe, the piece looked like it had a little wobble in the chuck. Was that the case? How can that be after doing the whole piece?
Anyone else think he was going to melt the AT-AT.✌🤣
Also, a proper hammer handle hole should taper slightly larger from the bottom to the top, so that when the wedge is installed the handle flares into the taper to make it more resistant to coming off.
What drought dude? We just got Hella rain in Cali the fuck you mean drought? 😂
Torch? You mean you don't have an induction furnace? :-).
hmmm, i wonder how many splinters that handles going to give Adam if its a piece of pine? You don't get any hardwood pallets here in the UK,, lets hope it's different in the US
Not going to harden it?
That is a beefy pin.
San Francisco winter sounds like Hamburg winter.
Adam needs one of them little heat treating ovens
Seems like soft wood for a hammer handle
I want it!  ;)   Charity auction?
When Savage was driving the wedge in the hammer, how many of you where singing "we will rock you?"
Adam goes full Womble 'making good use of the things that we find' 😄
Nice hammer! A tip for making hammer handles: You shouldn't make a 90 degree step in the handle where it meets the head. It should taper so you can tap it in further if it gets lose. The taper also helps with hammering it into a hourglass shaped hammereye.
Every tool is a musical instrument😁
Every time I see someone make a tool handle it reminds me of my grandfather that made them with a pocket knife and a broken piece of glass for smoothing it out. He sold them to coal miners to make extra money.
27:46 WE WILL  WE WILL  ROCK YOU!!!
always amused that you need a hammer to make a hammer
When in doubt, fix it with FIRE!! But wait I thought Fire Bad? Napster Bad! Fire Bad! BEER GOOD!
Adam unintentionally removes a future murder weapon from the streets of San Francisco.  As long as it's new iteration stays safe in the cave, the residents will be grateful.
Adam Salvage.
I love adams shop and obviously hes a pro at what he does, but man is his shop the biggest fire hazard
MA E IN USA.🙂
Mild temperatures and pissy rain, sounds like every summer here in the UK 👍
Adam really needs to delve into the wonder that lies within a rosebud torch.
Cool.
Do you have your polishing wheel printed like a giant version of a miniature hobby motor, or did it come with that massive barcode already on it?
I'm jealous of your Klein bottle, I was gifted one years ago, and it got shattered one day.
All those mills and tools and you build this? For shame! But, I liked the design. A door knob hammer. Liked the milling music as well, very  "Flash Gordon!"
Wow. Super cool build.  Neat to see garbage -> tool
Heck ya another vid lol
There was a show on TV in the UK when I was growing up called "Scrapheap Challenge" and this kinda reminds me of that. Thanks for spreading the nostalgia Adam!
Did anybody really need an to be told that heating metal up made it softer? If they did, I’d suggest your science teacher did a terrible job! 🤣
My thoughts and prayers go out to you since you have to live in San Francisco
Been waiting patiently for this one ever since it was mentioned.
Stiletto for life.
PNW is mainly drizzle
If every tools a hammer, I think you’ve got plenty of spares left in your workspace! 😉
Ooooh first :)
[Tested Premium/Patron Exclusive] Adam Savage in Real Time: Fashioning a Hammer Handle From Scrap: https://youtu.be/ja75t1oeQs0 Join this channel to support Tested and get access to perks: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiDJtJKMICpb9B1qf7qjEOA/join
