im more impresssed on the dawid e.t. edit who ever made it needs a raise
Well its good if you have a display with 90hz or 60hz panels. If you have above framegen is nice to have which amd 6000 and below does not support or you have to rely on intel software.
11:45 first time i actually found a sponsor interesting and like lol (im probably gonna buy these btw)
Old video, but the HT means hand tight when referring to screws
Ali-Card has undervolting
eww rgb
any amd card that ends with 700 or 900 is always a performance beast
why so black
ik this video is 2 years old but at 11:16 he says rtx 5700 xt
Lol thought the dent was just part of the design
IMHO the 8-pins in the anterior is a problem. It makes the card more "longer". Not OK for small cases.
The day Aliexpress is taking new GPU's sales a war between GPU makers and Aliexpress will raise. Because more and more I am considering Aliexpress as my next place to buy a GPU upgrade, unless I find a second hand one really cheap from a trusted seller. Buying a new GPU nowadays is (sorry AMD and specially Nvidia) a waste of money.
What a smooth gameplay, 😂 aliexpress usually unplayable trash😮
0:27 500 DOLLAS THATS LIKE 5000 LOONIES
I refuse to buy ram that requires me to use their RGB software.
i love u da weed
船新大矿卡
Lifeboat Rations lol 😂
Got The Why Files theme song playing  @8:35
Drivers are the issue. If they accept the AMD or Nvidia drivers. Then yes!
That dent looks kinda cool 😅
"feels like unboxing a harvested organ from the internet" ..... How would you know that Dawid..? how?
How big is the card
my rev 1 aorus 5700xt has soldering points on the front too, but the connectors are soldered to the side
11:12 its not an rtx card its an xt card lol u said rtx 5700xt
1:55 bro literally damaged the card while unpacking it wtf man !
Got an off brand Peladn RX 5500 XT 8 GB for $60 new in a sealed box. I was surprised at the build quality for an entry level card - hefty, white metal backplate, white plastic shroud an white fans.  It runs quite well and is benchmarking where it should. For a cheap spare parts PC for WoW I'm happy with it..
You’re getting ripped off. Should cost $50.
Damnn look at that temp😮
Having only 2015 specs on my computer, getting a cheap but good card just might be possible
this reassured me that this seller won't scam me because i will be buying from them
The Why Files theme song on the Battlefield part of the video.
how does bro know what unboxing a harvested organ that he bought off the internet feel like? kinda sus ngl
8:43 That's not even close to similar bro....😂. The AliCard smashed the 3060 to smithereens...
Pretty impressive!
3:46 I first thought the dent was a design choice because I thought it looked pretty cool lol.
dont do it .$160 burnt .i ordered a 6600m off  of ali .  it did not work. no picture out vga light stay on fans spin no pic. i put it another build same issues
what do you mean ny thyroid disorder?
THEY ARE ALL THE SAAAAAAAAAAAMEEEEEEEEEE AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
11:15 RTX 5700 XT is crazy
As someone who doesn't give a fucc about Fan Noise, like it literally makes no difference for me when u live in a highway intersection in China. Performance is bang for buck ig but, what about guarantee/warranty and life cycle?
The cards not lying, the performance seemed slightly worse than reference, and ran cooler. Its been undervolted from stock as you bought it.
Love you, Mean it!!!
At 5:10 why you sound like Diablo II Barbarian?
MLLSE cards are fake they are not official partners of Nvidia in China so you will not receive official driver updates
you bought a mined on card
the Rx5700XT was and still is a great card. even the reference design, .....still running 24/ since years no problems
I bought this card $110 used from a miner off ebay and it wasn’t chinese 😊
What happens if you don't wipe off the cheese before you get under the metal?
Where does my finger go when probing the specimen?
HT usually stands for 'Hand Tighten', basically don't tighten it with a cordless drill or electric screwdriver 🙂
Just scored a Brand New RX6750XT from XFX (Mech) for £200 in an eBay X% off sale...
Battlefield V at 200 fps it is a monster for the price
When the AliCard performs better than my 1080Ti. :l
I have the same card with the same brand name but mine has a slightly different shroud and I only paid $130 for mine and boy oh boy this thing slaps it can run anything in 1440 with very good frames it's actually kinda nuts
you missed something the reference 5700xt has around 89% utilization while the aliexpress one has around 96% which means the reference packs more overall performance if not for the cpu bottleneck
An absolute great deal and still talks shit about it...
Perhaps it got its BIOS tweaked, probably for mining purposes.
Even in 2024 the 5700XTR is aging gracefully, this is going to be the next RX580
that reference card looks like it sat too close to a heater.
Dent makes it look better
he said rtx 5700 xt💀💀💀
u think that’s bad? try my oem 1650s
🚫 avoid 🚫 I tried, bought it for 132£, it start crashing between 60-70 degree celcius
OMFG this video was terrible
I think the way you opened the card bent the io shield
Card probs using a mining bios or something. Bet its undervolted (ex mining card), hence the low power draw.
I just got a rx 6600 on aliexpress with shipping and taxes for 156 after a coupon couldn't even find one used for that price so i said why not
Wtf. That gets better GTA frames than me with an overclocked 5600x and watercooled 6900xt. I can't bring my system to use more than 100watt flat on the game. I thought that was like some built in hard limit.
you should check the junction temp its probably around 105 To 110 my RX 5700 XT gets really hot
Try the Intel ARC 3 A380 coil whine my guy.
11:14 i sure do love rtx 5700xt
It`s not a lie !  It`s not the same Bios !
is it reliable ?
hello,i know you probably wont reply however  just wondering as im about to buy one of these, how is it looking one year later now? is it reliable
hi i have a similar card, can you send me the bios of this model?, thanks
Aliexpress SUCKS!!!!!
how do u make shit gpu perform well
ew dominator, vengens pro for the win
i neeed yr help mlls i know u have herd of that gpu name is selling a 3060 220 cash new in the usa i was hopeing to run it by u an see what u think of it pleezz i am poor an can spand cash on trash i seen the insides of the gpu it looks like msi alll most but its not its looks good no cap pleez help me pic this card if u think its a good deal or not my mom jsut passed away i dont havea lot cash to spand to get rip off
so basically same perf as 3060 for 30% OF THE PRICE?
i've got a gigabyte 5700xt and it's powerdraw is quite low too, my old rx580 used more power at same settings in game, only had this 5700xt for a month now
It could be that the 5700xt from Aliexpress had a laptop 5700xt. It is very commen to get laptop gpu's in then that are comming from not so well known Chinese GPU vendors. That would explain the lower power draw on the JieShuo RX 5700xt.
I love this guy now, I remember when "No Man's Sky" came out
The I/O-shield is bent, how could that have happened?... Rewind 20 seconds to you pulling it out of the wrapper with all your force and bending it 🤣
Ah yes RTX5700XT
theres nothing like chinese garage engineering lol  hell yeah more power to em lets get f!%king crazy
its a mining card its trash and waiting to explode
I want the noise Dawid makes at 5:13 as a ringtone 😂😂😂
Console commands type in render. Max fps 400 . Then the game engine will push your cpu/gpu
You are very quickly becoming one of my all time favourite tech channels! Your videos are just so much fun to watch! Remember back in the day when video games were fun? And we played them because they were fun to play? Nowadays, video games are less fun and yet we still feel this itch to play them but we don't really have fun while we're playing them. It's more a feeling of obligation to play the game for some reason. I find Tech YouTube channels are very similar! These days we feel obliged to watch our subscribed channels and their videos but I don't get the enjoyment that I did years ago. Your channel is different. It's so much fun to watch that I find myself now going through your older videos and watching them as well! ☺
This guy has bought harvested organs before 😅
can you reccomend an 8gb pcie3.0 graphics card that will work with the Asua a320m-k motherboard and a ryzen 5 cpu    PLEASE
do those cards have a bios switch might be set up for mining?
I'm wondering if the layer of "sweat" on the cooler was some sort of anti-corrosion coating they put on it for long term storage like you often see with brake rotors. The stuff on the PCB was probably just flux they didn't bother to clean off though.
4:53 That's what she said😂!
The 5700xt is a very versatile and potent card for any game, you should be very pretentious to say it's weak and if you take care of her like changing thermal paste it can last you a lot of time and the temps are not that high i mean i've got a maximum of 80° in furmark when in games it stays below 70°
I got a 5700xt for a 100$..
Me watching my 600$ rtx 4070 barely get better performance against a 170$ aliexpress gpu
At 11:14 he says RTX 5700 😂
Hahaha $200 RAM with a $200 GPU.......shuuuuuuuuur.
Lol hurry try
Please may i have Ddr4 memory and perhaps a low eng graphics card. Stuff way expensive in south africa
Everytime I watch these videos I feel like plankton is talking down to me...... 😢
Is this card good for mining crypto?
3:49 I definitly think that dent has raised the value of that card by at least $50 lol. Jokes aside I think it looks better with it as it looks sleek.
I think the screw was holding the I/O shield 3:13
the ht means high testosterone, because its not just a graphics card, its a man
It may be a mining card with undervolt.
Lol i have exact rx 5700xt and watching this hilarious
a couple of brazilian alibaba users says that you cant trust on jieshuo on quality (or maybe brazil is just hot beach hot) whats your opinion about it.
Just bought the XFX 5700xt for 160!
So if i buy vga from aliexpress i don't need fear? So its not fake vga?
Based on the connectors on the back, I believe that it may have been from a discarded prototype from Gigabyte Project Stealth.
I'm in love with that AMD RX5700XT dent. Card looks better now.
Dawid get a power meter so you can plug stuff in and check actuall power draw
Glad you guys remember Hard Corps.
nice ''
11:14 - Didn't see anyone else catch this mistake, but he called it the "RTX 5700", which I get - considering the Nvidia line-up.
The rx 5700xt can undervolt. HARD
big gpu is not as good as egg
They are back on sale via that link!  Price has gone up though.  Far cheaper reconditioned 5700 XT's can be found on Ali nowadays however 😀
can u test world of tanks in the next videos?
RTX 5700XT, this epitome of graphics card naming combination xD
193USD
If only the 5700XT had more than 8gb of VRAM it would keep trucking along for another couple of years unbothered
It`s an OEM Card!
as someone with a major thyroid disorder the shit you were saying had me laughing my ass off lmao!!! love your videos man keep up the awesome content.
Man, I picked up a Soyo RX 5500 XT from Newegg for $100USD and haven't found the silicon limits yet!  Just using afterburner, cranking up the fan speeds and just pushing the gpu core clock up 200Mhz got me from 40fps with 1440p high settings in F1 22 to 90fps (I do think my case fans were not changing speed on my control runs though, so some of that gain is likely from ambient temp change)
i have geforce nividia 1050 ti i hawe bad fps
why does it look like someone curb stomped your reference card
Muy bien video... Es de mis canciones favoritas del Jilguero. Felicidades y espero que puedas hacer más análisis de canciones como estás... En especial las que incluyen versos en quechua.
This vga used for mining. Yeah, no need driver, less power but same mining speed. Better buy normal mining vga
You should check the core voltage between the gpu's. The aliexpress card could be using less voltage. Undervolting on RDNA is a beast.
Knowing my gaming needs, 1080p in GTA V, this seems like more than enough. The power connector location and clean design work for me. Nearly as cheap as used XFX Thicc III Ultra!
I bought one, same vendor, but it is showing just up yo 90 w ando it isnt showing more than 40% use at gta5 i don't know what's wrong, i Will test it a little bit more.
You should check power to the wall then compare it to the cards. There are a number of aspects that can cause the card to report back differently and get around the same performance. Secondly, small changes in configuration can cause 20 watts at the top of the cards performance to mean a lot less. Lets say you reduce the voltage and current draw slightly that might mean enough of a drop in heat to change the thermals of the card allowing for a greater performance and steady frame rate. Some time with electronics giving more power is counter productive.I know that from having worked in the microprocessor industry. You can also have issues such as how the card records the power. So again get a wall meter and then compare the cards.
Why do I suddenly want to shop for GPUs on Aliexpress?
"The white version" demonetization incoming 🤣🤣🤣
This is 100% an OEM card by the looks of it
lol, love your works. Maybe you have somehow smell a rat from these cards. In China, along with the funny "new" 3060 you bought last time, we call them "矿渣" which literally means the left-over waste residue after mining. These brands which nobody heard of are usually purchasing the mining cards from the crypto miners, clean, and refurbish them after China banned the mining activities. It almost became a meme for people to gamble on buying one of these because they are dirt-cheap compares to those known brands and expect they last longer than 3 months.
Can you upload stock bios of this card ?
Honestly an aliexpress card isn't that bad. I mean sure China China China China whatever.  Some brands on aliexpress are coming from reputable brands like PowerColor and whatnot (AMD wise) Since PowerColor is a Taiwanese brand that has some sub-companies in Hong Kong and China so it's not always what seems to sound like a scam. And the power draw could be completely different, since power draw is different in different countries. So not all graphics cards draw the same power even if it's the same type of chip.
I know, but I'm not 100% sure that AliExpress cards by JoeShuo have modded BIOS and since you're trying an AMD card you can check this.  They do a lot of undervolting and micro adjustment to make the card optimized for gaming.  It could be interesting to extract the bios of both amd cards and compare them to see if they are running the same stock BIOS. If not, flash the bios of the AliExpress card on the reference and see if the power draw is the same or there's only a problem with the sensors on the AliExpress one.
The Chinese cards are used for mining before being sold as new.
yeah high end gaming system....  because it has lights!   wow..   and while your gaming you'll never even see them because your watching your monitor.. WOW......AND waste power while they on....         Super wow, I'm so impressed you wasted money on what could have been dual data rate ram.....   LOL
I recon you may have bent it as you pulled it out (its still janky though)
Dawid! Would you be interested in reviewing a JIESHUO RTX3070M laptop gpu? As its priced at around the price of a desktop 3060, I'd love to see how it performs
The other card is probably a mobile chip. These Chinese companies harvest mobile chips and put them on desktop GPU boards.
Has anyone bought it and used it ??
How do you know what unboxing organs you bought online feels like?
Am I the only one annoyed that he takes stuff apart before testing them , like how does he or we know he didn't mess something up
recently on malaysia. used GPU price has go down significantly... I can get 5700XT as low as 120 USD, even 1080 TI sometime can be get at that price point. At 130 USD I can get 6600XT. Mind that all this GPU probably ex mining card.
RTX 5700xt
I only liked this video bc of Dawids "wHOOOOOAuhhh" when undoing the fan clip
my dude if you look at people saying this is a scam its crasy and you cant close your account again if somthing is to good to be true it proberly is
Dawid, could you share the drivers for this card? I recently bought an rx 5700xt, but the games tell me that the driver is out of date. Maybe you can help me with that... the card producer doesn't answer me.
Update: the card is back on stock
Wow Free Cheese....🧀
Many of these Chinese cards are repurposed chips. They were usually made for another situation like maybe it was a mobile GPU or some other integrated platform and they just redo it to fit on a normal GPU. They could also be test chips that have been reworked and sold as legit. That is why you have to use hacked drivers to get them to work.
4:59 F
wouldnt know the dent on your card wasnt supposed to be there if you didnt say so :P
Can you please give me that card for free ? 🥺
That "X" cutout indicates that is a Chinese company Dataland brand video card.
how many shaders does your gpu has, theres diferent versions of the 5700xt on aliexpress
I found interesting GPU on alibaba, but the price are so low... I don't want to have trojan pilote etc
A thing I found with my older RX 580 (MSI Mech V 2) was it had crazy power draw, coil whine and when the fans would spin up it would shake my desk. After undervolting And Over clocking it it was whisper quiet, Power draw was down a noticeable amount and the stability in games was wayyyyyyy better.   I feel AMD Spec is maybe at play? reference design is engineered to pull more watts than it actually needs and vendors bin the OC versions and slap on the cooler? Anyone else experience anything similar?
I bought 5700XT  "51risc" brand from aliexpress on 11.11 sale for only 155$ and it's great for this cost! Before i had ASUS R9 270 2Gb. Temperatures are normal and i can play Cyberpunk 2077 with high details preset.
I always forget my 6650XT is a slight bit faster than the 5700XT
The New link of the graphic card is good? I mean, is the same graphics card?? 👀
What is that performance overlay that I see everyone using?
Sold out 😭 why do I always get these kinds of videos late!!
Hey dawid, do you think the no  DX12 Ultimate support in 5700xt is relevant?
I believe this is just leftover OEM stock                                                                                                       this
Next review is rtx 3090 for $300, - but sorry the card is no longer available. Make a review with something available, but then a $230 for rx 5700 xt  is not interesting, fake reviewer....
hell lo broo you my frind
xxxx
I'm a newbie and wonder how you get the performance numbers as an overlay on the display, cheers
I Rember  they selling some rx5700xt for $150 on newegg at some point.
so was the card really a 5700xt?
I think a lot of these cards that tend to pop up on Ali Express from little known brands/sellers have possibly been used in mining rigs etc in the past.  They then get pimped up a bit with new coolers and backplates and sold on as a new product.. (this explains some of the shoddy workmanship and non retail boxes) - would also explain the under volting that appears to be going on with a lot of these cards as well as miners usually under volt them  - can't prove it though - just a theory! :)
I just bought a $300 JieShou GPU, sold it for full price, THEN got a refund on AliExpress added back to my bank account LMAO.
4:34 Just found your channel and I'm enjoying your videos. One thing I've got to ask, though, is that recurring motif of a fake plant leaf sticking into the frame (upper-right) and sometimes the product. Do you mean to have that in there?
Who the actual hell would someone need a system that needs ddr5 makes my brain brrrrrr
Anyone else notice how weird that yellow packing tape from china is when you order stuff on AliExpress? I assume most of the tape in the world is made in china yet they only use that weird yellow tape to ship stuff and I've literally never seen it for sale in the United States.
RTX 5700 XT? :P
HT: hurry try, lmao
David, this is RX5700 with XT bios. It has only 2304 shader units.  I bought same model and i checked it in GPU-Z
Could you try blender with this card?
Can we all admit how power efficient the Chinese manufacturers are now XD
u have   a joint hand
Dawid can you please give me a GPU for my Xeon L5410, i just want to play gta 5 at 50 FPS, but can't afford a gpu.
Got a 580 from Ali works incredible 👍
I watched a lot of guys who do repair of GPU and they kind of watch deep and inside, so general feedback that the best among all GPUs are Asus, they use better components and more reliable (less % of them go to repair guys). So I think top line is Rog Stix as they use top cooling and other parts, but decent one is TUF. So I would stick with TUF, but would do my best to get ROG. So motherboard, GPUs Asus only.
This is an  RX5700 with overclocked ram it has less stream processors than XT version 2304 vs 2560  but i still ordered one.
how do you know what its like to order a harvested organ???? fishyyyy AHHA
way to probe that i/o!!!!!!!!
i don't spend mutch money on my gaming pc my proces is 10+ year old clocked 4.2 ghz 6 cores its ok for new games but my old gpu that i get as gift from my ex girl is kinda old so maybe i should try get this 8 gb looks like bargain
Can we please just stop with the rainbow vomit?
if you do not know what a display Port is, you should not make gpu videos
It's lying about not being the mobile version
That's an absolute steal for 240 CAD
It was a mining GPU,you can tell because they used a low power Vbios on it and they tried to clean it with furniture wet tissues😂
I like the "Shroud" moments ❤️❤️
ive noticed alot of ali-expres cards are from laptops , they seem to tear them down and create simple yet custom heatsink and make new gpus from them .
Did your parents mess up the name David or is it just a youtube name?
Since when is 170$ a small amount of money?
Seems like a great deal, except you would be supporting slave-labor if you purchase this card : (
What is the name of the program you use when testing a PC when gaming? @Dawid Does Tech Stuff.
Nice video and results. Considering the card was bought from AliExpress .it works very well.
My amd cpu is in love
I  don't want to use Nvidia anymore. Because the company is becoming more and more creepy & invasive.
That is great performance for the money 😁👌
tell me if it still functionable after 3 years daily 10 hrs usage
I laughed so hard when you said "wipe the cheese off the card" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I've been looking for a new GPU and I think the 5700 XT might just be my  sweet spot on price v performance.  I'm only at 1080p so not bothered about 4k.  But more alarmingly, AliExpress has just toasted me about GPU deals but I'm not carrying any levothyroxine so I think I'll bug out.  Great video btw. 👍👍😁
Should have compared it to the price or a graphics cards similar performance and to.d us the price for that from gigabite or the rtx or even everyday gpu the prices are crazy
It will be a badly designed and possible dangerous cheap piece of crap.
uhg,i i almost wanna buy one from ali express but will it work and keep working......being broke sucks...
Not bad though... I was on some of fuck. I need A new GPU now  as my  Old War horse, a r9 390X FINALLY GAVE UP, THis card withstood a bootstomping in the rig she was in originally, I mean that litterally.... Any hoo I ran to best buy, hoping they had something other that the 2  cards they always have the gt710, and the GTX 1030, rest of shelving empty.... fuck its still like that today, same cards on shelve lol. I spyed to xfx boxes It was a 5500 xt, snapped one up paid them 250 after taxes.... served until I replaced the a month later when I found  a1080ti windforce on craigslist ... That  5500 couldnt even come close to the R9 that died... but I needed a card. No IGPU on the FX platform.... I understand the 5700xt was decen, and if your showing is true you got a great deal regardless..  I saw your numbers and imidiatly though is it still aroun ... as one of my clan mates needs a card badly... he bought one of thos amazon gaming pc's ../.  you know one of those 4th gen I5 Optiplexes that are everywhere now.... When he got it, you guessed.... Gt710 inside..... I laughed hard as fuck as I told him to not buy that if he wasnt willing to sink what he paid for it into a GPU..... cause it didnt list the card make and model and I told no..... he got fucked now wants me to pick a card for him for under 250.....  I never trusted Ali, but guess if you got your monies worth maybe your seller is  a for real vender regardless of that unit clearly made of ingenuity and cheap surplus parts... Someone really riggged a great card there for 200....   that 1050link you ever use that seller? because the used market here is absolutly retarded right now in Idaho... everyone thinks 2yr old parts shouold be sold like 10 percent of MSRP and play supprized and offended when you tell them a 1060 for 300 should come with his wife swallowing my nut while his 17 year old daughter should sit on my face too.... I'd pay 300 for that... lol
I don't care, I'll buy it right now!
way to support the CCP, reprobate
do you recommend or not cause you lost me
it's obvious, Big tech is/are greedy MFers. I wish their was a company without A NAME.  *The card itself is about $10, the actual GPU is maybe $20, the miscellaneous stuff on the board is pennies per piece. The fans and heat sync are maybe a couple bucks each. The manufacturing process likely costs as much as the GPU, then the manufacturer charges probably around $600 and the retailer gets about $200 :GOOGLE
RTX 3090 founders is the king of coil whine, 5700xt doesn't come close :D
link dead
how do you run GTA V without stutters over 120 fps?... It feels like theres always a stutter if you get anywhere over 120 fps on gta Im using a 4080 with a 5800X3D with CL18 4000 mhz ram (32gb)
Skip 2/3rds of way to the important stuff √
So this is a "designer" card? Wait is there a terminology like this?
HT hurry try lmao. Love it
Wow good deal on that
Love  Corsair  ram....   love your reviews
Bro said rtx 5700xt
Turn off the bad background music. Let people hear the words.
Really not bad for people that live in area's where the local prices are very bad.
Always good to see the yellow radiactive aliexpress ducktape
Are you by any means Polish, Russian or from East Europe? You have a accent that reminds me of Eastern European haha
i bought one in pdd,cost 100usd.
More of this!
i was hoping he would have investigated what the aloe press gpu really was
AYYOOOO!! Why would he know what unboxing a harvested organ feel like In the first place??? 💀💀💀
Hi, I just found your channel and I'm curious: How are you displaying stats real-time, such as power draw and memory usage?
I can't tell if the dent in the reference card is supposed to be there or not, which really goes to show what a good-looking card it is
Damn I didn’t know pulling an item out of a wrap can damage it. Next time go slower with less force…? It’s a graphics card man not socks from Amazon. (And yes before you type I’m aware of the price)
Thanks for this excellent video Dawid! Do you think this card would perform better than a GeForce RTX 2060 for VR games like Half-Life:Alyx ?
I received a graphics card ans its work just great
I wonder how many hidden malware virus's are embedded in that GPU's coding???
Are we gonna be racist now with "RAM"???
I had the worst Coil Whining on my RTX 2080 and using Afterburner to lvl the fan speed and not hearing the whining....and after 1year of using it like that, I ordered thermal pads and paste on Amazon and changed everything inside....now is running sooo quiet like I have a new different VCard...what a difference. Anyway I ordered yesterday an RTX 3090 because there is no stock available on RX 7900 XTX.   GREAT UNBOXING !!!
6:30 that actually makes sense if they want to do a low profile stealthy variant. The cable goes straight towards the cable management slots.
Hilarious that you reviewed this now - I ordered this exact card a few weeks back on sale for a hair under $200CAD ($150USD) shipped. I looked for reviews, but couldn't find any reputable ones.  It arrived a couple of days ago, and I've spent 2-3hrs messing around with it, here's my experience.  -They actually upgraded me from the 2 fan to the 3 fan version, since the 2 fan was out of stock.  -Build quality and overall impressions were similar to those in the video; fairly chintzy, but totally functional.  -Card had a super annoying death rattle when under load initially. Took a closer look, and it seemed the shroud was loose. Tightened all the screws, and it seems to have disappeared. Quality control definitely isn't ideal for a brand new card, but what can you expect at the price?  -Stupid loud at stock settings for sure. Ran very cool (approx. 60C,) so definitely needs a custom fan curve/speed set.   -Undervolted all the way down from 1.2 to 1V. Only dropped core 50MHz, and raised memory 60MHz. Set a custom fan curve. After all of these changes, the card runs at acceptable volume, while still having similar temps and performance, and much lower power consumption.   Overall, I'm stoked for this card! Basically 6600XT performance for 6500XT price. Corners were definitely cut, but nothing that can't be worked around/lived with. We'll see how it holds up long term, though.
3:47 dent? I thought that was just the design. Kinda looks cool.
Why didnt you clean up the termalpaste on the chip, so we could see whats imprinted on it.
Exactly how do you know what it feels like to unbox a harvested organ you bought from the internet?
8 pins ate the front is much better if you have a case that supports it. I don't know why 12pin and twin 8pin come out the side. Usually means they hit the case side.
I guess you self damaged it by pulling it out of the plastic. That's why cutter or scissors were invented. ^^
Ali express gpu güd???
I can't tell if the dent in the reference card is purposeful or not lol, it looks pretty cool!
Card with
how does he know what it feels like to unbox a harvested organ off the internet? 1:31
There was a 5700 batch series that used a 125w TDP during the first months in Asian countries. Due to the cost of mosfets used they were able to significantly lower the cost of the card at a minimal cost to performance ratio.
Notice the package is taped in a CROSS shape. You open at the risk of releasing Abezethibou.
You should review mlsse rtx 2060 super from AliExpress
I got a 5700xt in 2019 before the pandemic and I'm happy to see this lol
Side 8 pins on gpu's actually makes me h***y
Dig another hole at aliexpress and test the rx6600m
The year is 2027 and Dawid is still running benchmarks on BFV and GTA V on an RTX 6090 😂😂
I m so poor I can't even buy this card.
I might get one of these for now to replace my ancient rx 480 i got at start of lockdown and get something more powerful later on should be way faster than what i have and my samsung 32 inch monitor is only 1080p so this could be a good match for now .
I bough the regular 5700 not to long after release and still use it to this day, it's still a very capable card
Pega a rx6600m para review.
4:28 Doing the Shatner.
4:55 "You don't have to worry about sticking it in the wrong hole." - Dawid, December 2022
tehe pero
Those rams cost more than my pc
reporting power draw is done various ways, it's never really accurate
The best thing both AMD and Nvidia have done is move away from blower style GPUs
So the conclusion was it’s not a 5700xt but it performs like one..?? Sorry, I had a hard time understanding if someone could help me figure out the conclusion-
Your videos put me in a great mood. Very sad that i've watched them all now! Keep it up plz
RX 6600 vs 5700 xt? Very curious, I bought a 6600 recently for $189 but never thought of going RDNA 1!
More and more people buys this ^&%^ cards from suspicious shops. This will sink Nvidia, AMD and their plan to raise the prices crazy high!
i love my rx 580 8gb's , i do want upgrade but thinking just run 2 rx 580 each monitors, i been looking on Aliexpress the most sold card is rx580 just $90 it play any game why spend $3000+ top line going cost 10x pay bills a month. it cheaper run 2 cards then one new ones.
maybe the ali express card has a better silicon quality, also maybe the voltage table is different from the reference one who knows
hello can you test the more popular card Rx 580 2048sp please,and more AliExpress cards too that's really helpful considering their prices a lot of people are wanting to buy but still hesitated,and I'm sure your video will do well just check the amount of orders on those GPU's
Man almost my entire PC is corsair parts. Love their cases.
and it's model name couldn't be in the title or thumbnail ? ...
AMD jump from rx 5000 to rx 6000 And now rx 7000 is beating Nvidia on price,performance efficiency and power .
Every time I switch pc on street lights around my house are dimming
Whats the power usage?
Ht hobo tested 😂 or halerious task  😂
i just got a free 1060 off my friend and my lord. best thing ive ever seen. runs everything on high settings 60/70 plus fps
looking at there store and was looking at a 3070 card and they state " The quality of this video card is 99% new. The mining time of the video card is short. The product will be issued after strict testing. Please feel free to purchase and use it. If you have any problems, please contact our store at any time. We will solve all your after-sales problems as soon as possible!" so EX mining refurbished card?
all the AMD cards have a history of BAD power draw reporting due to there power monitoring being "basic" compared to team green  buildzoid OR and "XOC" youtuber talking about shunt modding  and the GPU "mining" folks know" that AMD does report LOW (GPU miners are VERY concerned with power draw PER coins hashed) and are as a class focused on it so they are big into monitoring and UNDERVOLTING there cards to maximise efficiency
Did you have to pay import tax/duty ?
i am running my 5700 since i bought in new in 2019 no issues and runs very quiet
Try the new 6600m, got one and its fkn great
no GPU Z to see who the manufacturer is?
I had a very bad experience with Aliexpress's Gpus in the past years, but now I gotta say the Chinese are selling some quality cards and some of them comes with a 100% new Pcb and Radiator for like 54USD for Rx 580 2048sp and 150$ for Rx 5700xt ! and they perform similar to the well known brands, impressive !!!
you should buy a 4090 off of Aliexpress
Thanks ....
wheres the giveaway bro?
That's where the power ports should be. Unless you have a really long card. Lol
Shroud lmao
I bought my 5700 XT back in 2019, and it's still going strong after mining bitcoin for a year, a thermal pad and paste change and an overclock.  That power drawer falls in line with what my card performs at. It's pretty damngood on the power drawer even under load  Fantastic card that still runs modern games very well at 1080p 🤌
Favourite part was when he told me that I dont havta worry about sticking it in the wrong hole 4:55
MAN !!!? It better than my gigabyte oc version in temp and ferq.
Can you tell me your full Pc config?
it is probably a refurbished custom cards from ex-mining company or whatever it is.
02:20 Its like you are giving birth to a graphics card there Dawid.
Impressive card, wonder how long before it commits suicide
When are you getting the 3070M/3060M? Those need a specific driver and are weird but look fun to mess with.
I really like these videos because they show that Ali doesn't have just crap, I assembled my entire PC there (except for the Power Supply), I have a 3080 (+/- 600 dollars), a z790 from asrock, 32gb ddr5 and a 12400f placeholder that I intend to exchange next year for a 14th gen (which intel has confirmed it will support). The economy in my country sucks and the taxes are very high, but all in all, this computer practically came out to be a third of what I would pay here. For reference, a zotac 3080 10gb is about 1250 dollars here.
I actually got a new AliExpress 3080Ti recently, It's loud af but it performs just likea 3080Ti would.
can u please try Minecraft in ur videos
The Aliexpress listing is also no longer available...
Are those Corsair ram sticks you need a paid subscription to use the rgb lighting? Well sign me up...
The card isn't lying.  It's factory undervolted, probably because that cooler isn't very capable.   I flashed my 5700XT and got a very similar result, but I was consistently running at 55-60 degrees on a reference cooler.  Much quieter as well.
The thing with Ali express though is that sometimes you strike gold and other times you get scammed
It's even cooler few degrees than mine sapphire nitro+ was, it was always 71 C while gaming.
That life boat joke was A++
OMG I was already planning on upgrading my downstairs PC to a 5700xt from my Nvidia Tesla m40.
dude my new 32 gb ram kit from ebay came packed like that lolol
Bought a rx5700XT Red Devil (in its original box) for the same price on eBay in excellent condition.
So are you saying that's a decent card for the price? Better than my current gtx 1660 ti?
Ahh, my required dosage of Dawid Does Tech Stuff. However, such an anticlimax (not really), I was all set with popcorn and mead to see how they made a GT450 imitate an AMD card - damn :) I suspect the metal cheese is pyrolysis from the sweat shop (or opium den) where the card was birthed. You’ll need a full body suit soon. Another great video - thanks!
I can relate to your way off power draw numbers. I have an RTX 2060 from EVGA that doesn't go over "15W". Can't find a fix for it either.
The bent 5700 XT reference looks sick in my opinion
Not a fan of side power connector, limits the case width, but the bottom sockets that they designed is GENIUS
Bro I'm a beginner..... I have a doubt.... is there any difference in image quality comparing amd and Nvidia or both r same????
You really should sell your viewers some stuff... I know some of us would be all about it
The low GPU power may be due to a RX 5700 flashed with a 5700 XT BIOS, so the frequencies and power curve are the same, but the actual consumption is lower
I really like that radon card you have..
Actually wish with all the giant GPUs these day more of them have the power connector at the front and not middle, makes the cable management so much better looking
Wich gpu is better, this 5700 xt or the 6600m?
damn never knew the rtx5700 was released alr from amd
WOW!...Absolutely No Drama with that AliExpress card, TBO I'm almost disappointed that they didn't try any shenanigans but, maybe they've become wise to your mailing address and now they just send good stuff to that address ;)
1:50 you literally just got done pulling the card out of the bubble wrap so hard that you were grunting... you pulled the IO shield right off the card lol! You cut open the IO end open then ripped the GPU out at the other end!!! You could have just cut away the wrap lengthwise like everyone else lol. 3:20 that was part of the IO shield screw that "wasn't lined up" after you broke it lol. Nice review otherwise though!
Maybe undervolted bios to compense the cheap cooler
Now I know where where my rations ended up. I'm stuck in a life raft, and they airdrop me a graphics card. I want my hardtack and MRE'S. Where's my pemmican and water purification tablets? Can someone send me a decent recipe that includes ways to spice up silicon wafers and copper? Also, I'm not sure if I should boil it or just hold it over my sterno can.
Hey Dawid! Always cool to see your uploads! I love seeing a fellow South African making it successfully in another country! Plus the few SA reverences are always epic.  I have been watching your videos for a long time! They are always entertaining. Your sense of humour is always cool. That said - and you can almost hear the cringe moment approaching. There is so much to poke fun at!!! You always seem to find something Jeremy Clarkson-ish and you pull it off. But like I said - here it comes. As a recovered thyroid cancer survivor and someone super selfconscious of my appearance after the thyroidectomy... It seems you can do better than compere a GPU do an person with a thyroid problem.  I think you are much better than that - that said  thank you for your entertaining content.  Keep it lekker. Later bro
10:33 Hahaha, dude, you haven't heard my RX 6700 XT when playing Minecraft at 12K FPS, that's about 40+dB of coil whine 😂
I just received mine 5 hours ago. Bought a second hand for 170€, a pretty good deal in France at this time. It runs fantastically. With this I hope to be able to enjoy the witcher 3 next gen patch next week.
"Howling like a banshee with it's tail caught in the door", now that's funny, rofl..
What program does he use to show cpu/gpu usage?
That unboxing was like a tech version of pass the parcel.  If you’ve ever bought a graphics card that slid into the case with no room at the back as it was touching the fan shroud, you’ll be glad that it had the power connectors on the top and not on the back.
Sorry, the page you requested can not be found:(
can you please also review the rtx 2070 from aliexpress (the white model)
Maybe use an actual power meter?
Most Likely not lying about the Wattage. It is def a mining card and you can lower the Wattage by about 20-30% with very little frame loss.
170$ for a model thats slightly better than the one i got(5500 XT) got almost 2+ y ago for 200$? Yeh dont see the value there honestly.
Ive seen alot of 5700xts around the 200 mark. Quite a crazy steal tbh.
Regarding the power draw, AMD Notoriously over volts their cards, that 5700 XT is probably running at 1,150 mV, which results in about the draw you are witnessing, I have a 5700 with a Bios modded to allow higher clocks, and I managed to get about the same results as the AliExpress card with 950-980 mV, when ever I installed the 5700 XT Bios on my card it would default to 2150 Mhz with 1,200 mV. which resulted in 225 Watts and a system crash. So the AliMD card doesn't necessarily have to lie.
If you look up GA2800 1A01 - It seems to be an Asrock RX 5700 XT PCB. Buildzoid did a breakdown of this PCB back in 2019.
Thanks, Dawid!
Voltage readout and wall power meter to upgrade this vid :D
Pls try the RX 580 2048SP and RX 6600M, both also from AliExpress next.
Dawid becoming my fav entertaining tech pc channel.
Hey Dawid, you should review the “Antec 90mm CPU Blue cooler”  It’s a TINY Tower cooler that is probably significantly better then any stock Intel cooler, and comes in at only 15 USD  And it even comes with a Blue LED!
I thought the bend was intentional design
How about measuring the power draw from the wall to find out, if the alicard is lying or not. Maybe it is a mobile 5700xt chip?
I love how Dawid always manages to sneak at least one tongue-in-cheek line into his sponsored part, like in this instance the "obvious hello e-peen" and very sarcastically sounding "12 ultra-bright capellix RGB LEDs", lol.
this was sick! I managed to get a steal on a 6600 for 169 us
No it's not lying
It looks a lot like an OEM card, maybe they are being rebadged and sold off. Also one thing to watch out for with 5700xt's is that they were the most popular card for mining, there must be a huge supply of ex-mined cards out in the wild now.
Check the 6600m $180 card too
Replace the white cooler in the system
I think the bottom facing power layout that was unpopulated might be a manufacturing error on who ever made those pcbs. the pcb manufacturer probably sold em off cheap and the company who put this gpu together was able to make it cheaper.
I have one RX 5700 XT on the way from Aliexpress for just $145 US. Looking forward to testing it out soon. Thanks for showing these are real cards. The values are tremendous.
Damage to the I/O plate could have also happened when you pulled it out ass backwards out of the bubblewrap...
How about the RX 6600M Aliexpress GPU?
What are the odds these are just refurbished mining cards? What's the slime stuff on it anyway?
Ya I picked up a 5700xt to replace my 390x ...for 200 it will last a few years.
You're doing God's work Dawid.
I had a 3700X/5700XT combo, I loved it - The integration was wonderful. The only thing that let me down was the Dell computer around those parts. I miss the AMD software, I feel the presentation is better than Nvidia's GeForce experience and it didn't cause as many problems. It wasn't as efficient, NVEC is definitely a more mature technology, but it worked well enough. I'm glad AMD is doing so well, they aren't just competition - they're good competition.
The brand on this card box sounds like a sneeze.
I also got one of these Jieshuo RX5700XT from aliexpress and got an XFX Double Dissipation card (It only had some stickers put on it) when I disassembled the card, it had new thermalpads (Although they were the wrong thickness). After replacing the thermalpads with the correct type and putting some Artic MX4 and it now works great and has pretty good temps. I maybe had good luck (Hope it lasts for a while xD)
every time I see dawid complaining on temps of 80ish degrees I just think abt my oem plauge-d gtx 745 (which has basically no heat sink), which would regularly and consistently reach over 90 degrees C
Hi Dawid, I wonder what model is that CPU cooler you got there?
You should try the desktop 6600m from Aliexpress. It looks good and should perform similar to a 6600, only drawback is not being able to overclock video memory
4:56 bruuh💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
It was you who bent  the io shield when you pulled it through the plastic wrap 😂 You can see from the way you pull it out on camera
not a bad deal, even with all the jankiness 🙂
You should have blurred the price on the sponsor cause my hole setup is 500 bucks and definitely not paying the same price for ram
I checked ebay and found many listings in the 100-200 USD range. everbody is talking about 30 series or new amd as alternatives for 40 series, but I could see this being a great alternative route going 5000series amd used if you just want solid gaming performance, as an upgrade for something like an old prebuilt with a 1650 or something in it. I know some people still rocking 1050ti's.
10:55 It's not lying about power draw its undervolted in bios probably. Same performanse much less power draw and heat. I did same to my RX580 but from radeon control panel.
IIRC Gigabyte did make a GPU with the power connectors on the PCIe side of the board. I don't think they did any 3070s though.
its probably mining card that has been undervolted, hence the lower power
"Probing the specimen..."  suddenly i have Half Life flashbacks.
Do Banshees have tails?
It's a good price, although I don't want my graphics card to have a thyroid disorder like me. 🤣🤣
What song do you use on the game performance part?
I know Newegg can be a bit scummy, but I trust them more than AliExpress lol. Anyway, 5700XTs we're selling on Newegg for ~$180 USD. So that's pretty decent
So about that thyroid issue: I bet the stickiness is flux. This could be from troubleshooting where it's a common thing to mist vaporized flux onto components and then fire up the card because problem components can heat up and melt the flux so you can get a clue as to what component is acting up. Also I suppose if this was a mining card that was never meant to have connectors on it and they added the connectors you would need flux to solder those on as well.
I bought a 6600 from Amazon for $190 like three weeks ago
They moved the pcie power connectors to the front so the traces and usual wattage sensors don't correctly correspond
Clicked because of the thumbnail,but stayed for the humour.
wait how do u know what unboxing a harvested organ feels like?
I love your channel brother, i just watched you getting tazed  by Anna LMAO. Also, You motivated me to build a PC.
Damaged GPU  Normal peeps - damn man waste of money. Dawid - Ohh I love it.
Was an amazing mining card at one point too
Its pretty obvious that was a mining card given an ultrasonic bath and a new cooler/shroud.   The power and reporting issues leads me to believe its got a custom bios undervolted for mining.   It still has value and great gaming performance but i think id rather pay a little extra for a truly “new” 6600 or 6600xt from a local trusted retailer if only for the peace of mind.  If you have problems with that gpu 9 months from now good luck getting service
man... i thought the dent on your main 5700xt was the actual design 💀
Buys an ali express graphics card, it's works, is what it says it is and cheap. This is not what I watch for
I don’t understand why you need to put that fake accent on. Be your self my man
The 5700xt has aged very well.
2:36 weird camera glitch
ex mining card with hacked bios
what do you do with all the aliexperss cards
I dont get it, is this the same RX 5700 XT that was released like 3.5 years ago? It's performing way better than I remember
my soap have better unboxing experience there
I suspect this card came out of a mining rig
1:28 Well China is known for harvesting organs
No, the power draw numbers aren't lying. You're looking at a more binned 5700 XT chip on the Aliexpress card compared to the reference one.  And don't forget, some manufacturers can tweak the voltage too. If the VBIOS that is on the Aliexpress card is using a lower voltage curve, that'd perfectly explain the lower power draw. You should try taking a look at the voltage readings too if possible. Some VBIOS can and will make a difference in the overall power draw.
Perhaps the aliexpress card is only measuring power draw from the cables, and not counting the pci-e slot ?
This just makes me question just how many harvested organs you have bought off the internet
I bought an 8GB RX580 for $75 on ebay, worth it. Brand new
im the worst fortnite player, dan is better
hi there
You act surprised a graphics card made where all graphics cards are made, is made like a graphics card.
Tech question… my 12v power socket for my motherboard broke and idk if it’s a mother board issue or something els. If I plug my 12v in my pc and it won’t turn on, if I take jt out fans spin but no signal. Also on my mother board it does not have a dedicate display so I just have my gpu. Any help????
I build mineral oil submerged computers, that cheesy feeling might be from being removed from mineral oil, it's extremely hard to clean off, it hides and creeps over surfaces over a long time.
what's happen if you try this tests with two 2070 super whit sli configuration ? do this plz 😄😄💙💙
Surely if it was the 5700xt Mobile variant it would show as I recall from Techyescity the 6600m from aliexpress has a very low power draw too!
Real talk, more GPUs should have their power connectors on the back. And yes, I am referring to the edge of the card that faces the rear side panel Yes, it seems crazy at first, but hear me out... case manufacturers could just cut a hole directly next to the motherboard tray. If the card is short, then the power connector can be facing the front of the case so it just needs to reach over the motherboard a bit, and if it's long enough, it can be placed right over that hole It's not super crazy. Lian Li already does it for their O11D, and I imagine a more conventional case with an actual PSU basement should be capable of the same thing
You really need to get gpu power meter. Or at least whole system meter. Also i think reason why card was lying is to let her boost, without hitting power limit. Its very common strat on chinese motherboards to make cpu boost. 6600M next?
JieShuo is a company that builds cards for miners and gamers, and their reputation is a bit shady. They would not lie about specs, and would not sell fake and scam cards, but it is rumored that they obtain AMD and Nvidia chips in an "unusual" way. I.e. they would build card itself from new parts (fans, capacitors, transistors etc ...) , but its core (GPU itself) could sometimes be used. Now, they say that chip itself could last for decades, but if you want to buy for them be aware of that. Usually cards with used GPU chip have warranty of 1 year, and cards with new GPU have warranty of 2 or 3 years.
aliexpress saving gamers money. I'm all for it 💚
You should get a server psu with breakout board so you can see power draw of gpu + idk if you already did test the 3070m and 3060m that is made into a desktop gpu
The down facing power leads me to suspect that this PCB was intended for a Cheesegrater Mac Pro's AMD Radeon MPX module. They have power provided by proprietary motherboard slot connectors. But those tend to have thunderbolt video outputs so IDK
Shipping charge 200$ 🐸🥴
I am so proud that last week i did a video on my YT channel about the same GPU at the same price..... only i chose the trio version
Why is it so weird for him to use my card man I can’t believe in only 2 years my card is now on this
Dude when you pulled the GPU out of the bubble wrap with all that frictional force instead of actually releasing the wrapping first, you yourself bent the fucking bracket! XD Wise up! XD
Lol rtx 5700 xt
I have a Sapphire Nitro RX480. It has a power connector on that side too. It was very easy for me to hide the ketchup and mustard power cable when I had a cheap power supply and a case with lots of drive bay. Now I'm still using this card, but with a modern case and better power supply. Still looks great tho.
A good not gts 450 gpu from ali express?  waw that's an improvement :D , tbh not bad for around 230 cad , I guess this GPU could be undervolted or maybe somehow they got lucky with GPU that doesn't need much voltage and undervolt it so it uses less power and it wont be as noisy or oven idk that's only my feeling tho maybe its not , anyway great fun video as always dawid
2:33
Looks like Corsair forgot to sponser Dawid for the Black ram kits.
That's not a bad value at all. And for being an AliExpress product, I'm shocked the shroud design isn't plastic or made to look ~gamer~
hello dawid try the mingzhou rx 580 8gb from aliex for 70$ and 18k was sold you need to try it
The reference card looks like it had worse frame pacing on the graph....
5:07 this is me in life
The sponsored memory kit is nearly $700 which is basically a scam. You can get a G.Skill Trident kit with 6000MHz CL36 and with acceptable timings for around $185.
my takes is the IO shield was replaced since it is rusted due to mining. (Fans blow directly from IO to dissipate heat)
there's this cheap 5700xt and then there's the 6700xt from yeston that costs almost $500....
11:15 RTX 5700XT, 2 YEARS AHEAD IN TIME ALREADY
I was actually looking at some comparisons today between the 5700xt and the 6600 because I plan to upgrade my gpu soon. Userbenchmarks has the 5700xt pretty significantly above the 6600, but in game comparison videos they’re really back and fourth on avg FPS, the 5700xt is just very slightly better at 1440p across the board. But since the 6600 is significantly cheaper and draws half the power, I can’t see why anyone would buy a 5700xt anymore.
I got a sapphire pulse model for $90 from a miner. It was missing the pcie bracket and I ordered a replacement from AliExpress for $10. I’m happy with my $100 purchase.
Judging from the oil bleed, it is most likely a repurposed ex-mining card with a custom vBIOS. It's probably undervolted for better running cost hence the lower temperature/power usage.
The reference model 5700XT was $400 US when they hit the market.  And I can't argue with how obnoxiously loud that blower style cooler would get.  I later got a water block for it, and I don't hear any coil while from mine.
4:56 Dawid Sex Tips
8gb? 120w? yeah that doesn't sound right. test them in 4k so they're not capped by cpu or a hard cap on fps
Personally I wouldn't touch these No-Brand cards as all these are probably Chinese made with dead cards's chips on a poorly made PCB
I sweat around my memory modules when I'm gaming too...
Ha! if you make a misstake you buy another GPU! :D  Thought so!  Why not? Dawid always needs more GPU!
You only need to cool the MOSFETs, memory and GPU. The board is designed to take tons of heat as well. So you don't need to worry if some of the ICs don't touch the cooler
I get very strong "repurposed mining card manufacturing" vibes off of this card. Mismatching faceplate because it was never meant to have one, downward facing power connectors because they aren't going to be slotted directly into a board anyway, factory undervolted bios resulting in lower power consumption and slightly lower performance. Makes sense they would be repurposing their stock back into gaming GPUs.
That Ali card is actually nice. It's probably undervolted. For the money, not a bad deal at all.
Buy a base RX 5700 and flash the vbios to that of a 5700xt and compare performance
I'd be interested if you could upload the BIOS to Techpowerup from GPU-Z so we can see if they've got it running a modified BIOS. I suspect that's a former mining card with a new cooler slapped on it (or just cleaned up really well) given the power connectors at the back or bottom edge.
Why didn't you use gpu-z?
I bought a msi 5700xt gaming x, used, a month and a half ago from Mercari for 150$  Amazing value for an awesome purchase   Upgraded from a 1070  So, very happy
I think you should do an awards ceremony for the past year, just like zefrank1. I wonder what your winner for 'worms that look like snail eye stalks' would be! Keep us posted!!
Yo, dawid how did you manage to dent your reference 5700 xt? lol
You bent it pulling it out of the bubble wrap dumbS**t.
Front GPU power would have solved a lot of the 4090 power mess. LOL.
I'm a bit disappointed you didn't try overclocking the card. thing had 2 8 pin power plugs and was barely using 150w. it still had 225w of power left to play around with.
a few weeks ago u could get a 6600xt for 190$ on black friday
I'm a little sad we didn't get to see Nezuko chan
You playing tarkov this next wipe?
I like the dent in the reference card. It almost looks like it belongs there.
That sticky stuff is definitely no clean flux, this might be a damaged RX5700 that they re balled and resold
They are also around 170 on ebay right now. I picked up a msi prestige 170 shipped. It needed thermal pads but other than that it works great
Is the ali express card undervolted potentially?
I'm surprised you haven't talked about the RX 6600m yet.
Hate me! I just picked up a 3060ti for 260 on  cl!
Only thing with AliExpress, you could order the exact same thing and it wouldn’t be the same when you get it
Agreed the power connector should be on the side not the top
Good thing I got it before it sold out....hope it ships
“Lifeboat rations”, lol, great video 👍👍
I bought a RX 5700 (non-XT) with the reference cooler right when the RX 5000-series came out, and while there were some initial driver issues, long-term it feels like I absolutely made the right call.   Maybe I got lucky, but can't say I've noticed any coil whine outside of edge cases where the GPU is accidentally allowed to shoot to 600+ FPS in a menu or something, and I can't ever recall the reference cooler going full hair-dryer on me trying to keep cool (maybe due to power draw being backed off a bit relative to the XT?). Cooler is a true two-slot design too, so it doesn't chew up all the expansion slots, and I like the reserved, professional-looking design of the non-XT blower.  Three years in and an upgrade to 1440p later it's still going so strong it's really hard to justify an upgrade.
Good shiz
Buying a graphics card from AliExpress is like buying a lottery ticket. Very likely you would lose your money but sometimes you can actually win the lottery and get a great value out of your cash.
I've been waiting for someone to review one of these. Good stuff Dawid
I'm still using a gtx660 and I think I'll hold out till I find a dirt cheap 3060 or till 4060/amd budget 7000 comes out. Idk how this thing is keeping up still
The rx 6600 is $209 on Newegg. A way better GPU and not that much more expensive
howling like a Benshee, with its Tail caught in the door. You make me pee my pants. gretings from Germany. Keep up the good work
Just a FYI. The fan speed reads 0% because they spliced the two fans into one port. It also happens of one if your two fan cards has one die.
did you find out what it really is?
Honey offers a huge rebate on Corsair RAM.  got some for myself. great deal.
My 5700xt is still serving me well, ive almost had it for 3 years at this point. It was originally supposed to be replaced with a 6800xt in late 2020 but that didnt happen for obvious reasons
Thinking of buying a aliexpress rx580 2048sp
I really like the delivery of your videos but please, the let's buy a cheap Ali express card and see how it performs is getting a bit stale.
What did Gpu-z say - some much you didn't cover here why is it pulling 40 watts less??
Is it possible the bios is modded for a lower power draw?
11:15 - RTX? Lol.
Pretty sure you bent the IO shield pulling it out of the plastic backwards
i believe the power draw is legit, with a good tuning and setting we can max out the performance of the card by consuming around 125W. similar to RX580.
The 5700XT is so underrated!
NO VELEDA AGAIN?!?!?!?! Dawid you have failed me for the last time. I expect an ALL VELEDA episode as retribution!
that 5700xt price on eBay is around that price anyway at least here in America
AliExpress RTX 5700XT? @11:14 lol
5:27 That looks smaller than a 6500XT, that looks like a Zen2 chiplet
i got a aliexpress 5700 xt from the SOYO seller, pretty damm good! only 140 usd!!!! better then 2060 super
In white 😂
5700 mobile is 120 watt TDP...
An actual decent graphics card from Aliexpress? I didn't think that was even possible!
Tech Yes City channel advise to undervolt the card, for better performance and less power consumption.
Dawid is too big for LINODE now.  Dawid has forgotten his roots. ☹️
Wow, that's a great one find!
I live for this kind of stuff! Man, I love Aliexpress haha.
Is it possible this may have been a tweaked bios by the vendor? The power drawer can be accurately read via those Nvidia Power Capture Analysis Tools …. Maybe see if you can hold of one of those and truely test the GPU performance ….💪✊👍
I'm waiting for my AMD RX6600M, bought for 198 Euro.
That's a pretty great deal honestly. I upgraded my gpu to a 5700 xt I got on sale literally like, a month before the gpupocalypse hit, and it's been fantastic for my 1080p high refresh rate setup.
The low power draw might be a mining bios that is on the card.
4:56 "So are we not doing phrasing anymore?"
HT for Hand torque 🤔🤔 just my thoughts
I am guessing it's a mining champ
lmfao “RTX 5700Xt” 11:10
I don't think the card is lying about power consuption. Some voltage tuning has probably been done. I daily drive a 5700xt from powercolor, the base voltage is 1.2V, but the card ran perfectly fine at 1.05V, without performance loss, (actually slight gain on timespy, the card run pretty hot at stock values). And the power consumption is similar as this card.
That is a very impressive price for a card that trades blows with a 2070 at DX 9 to 11 and beats it in most Vulkan and dx12 and handily beats the absolute brakes off of the 3060 in everything but nVidia's proprietary RT implementation because duh.
Almost all aliexpress Unknown brand cards like jie sue, peladin, 51risc, etc. are coming with used GPU dies and memory chips, because old GPUs like 5700s are not in production anymore by AMD, so where do you think they come from. It's obviously Chinese mining farms. The boards are new but not of good quality at all. And there are many warranty issues. Please be careful.
I think the "damage" on the rear io shield wasn't caused in shipping but by forcefully pulling the card through tightly wrapped bubble wrap....
I just picked up a 6600 a couple weeks ago for $220, extremely happy with it. The Swft 210 model, my card is also noisy at full tilt but not terribly. The fans don't even run while doing basic tasks like net surfing, email, etc.
My 6800 xt has pretty bad coil whine, but I don't hear it cause of my headset 🤣🤣.
I got an rx6650xt for $280 I’m so happy with it. Big upgrade from the rx5500xt. The 5500 wasn’t so bad but I went from play red dead on medium to everything on ultra. Lol 😂
That's odd. The reviews for this card on AliExpress said the fans run at 100% load all the time because they don't support PWM.
i literally just ordered one off ebay 2 days before this video... for 172$
I bought one new for $100 from a guy local to me. Works fine
Probably used for mining in its past life.
The dent in the reference 5700xt looked like a stylistic design choice at first
I just put water cooled rx6800 in my 9yr olds new water cooled pc n I got a Chinese waterblock for it from Ali express and it’s truly impressive
That card already mined. Those oily marks i found only on cards used heavily for mining.
1:54 you damaged it
That loose screwhead made me shiver thinking of scenarios where the buyer doesn't check, and it inevitably causes a short after it ends up lodged somewhere it shouldn't.
Your reference card sounds like a tank running over a small child.
I heard they also put this videocard in a ps5?
that's a lot of "VERY HEAVY DUTY USED" gfx for that money... but again, these cards are not new cards, they're refurbished yeah, but the gpu and memory have been used 24/7 for at least a complete year at  full capacity... this is clearly a card that was used for mining.. the "backplate" issue is probably because they have this card from other brands too, and when they installed them in their systems they probably removed everything from all the cards, then put them in a customized watercooling system that uses less energy than having fans blowing on a few thousand cards. When they quit the mining business (ethereum), they removed the waterblocks again, and applied fresh cooling grease and a few pads.. that's why that one chip is now standing clear.  It's cheap, but u get no warranty the card will hold it out for a year or two (eu mandated warranty is 2yrs, usa is 90days)
You seem to  have found a very good deal there!  I just had to upgrade to an RX 6700 XT 12GB and am extremely pleased with it, except for the price I had to pay courtesy of a dead RX 580 8GB.  It runs Horizon Zero Dawn at 1080p60 on a mix of high and ultra settings without ever dropping below 60fps.
Like the positioning of the power connectors, in some cases there may not be enough room to plug in the power cable with it on the side.
I got one for about 120, Happy with my purchase.
I got a used $150 RX 6600 XT. But a 5700 XT for $170 sounds like an alright deal.
I sold a 5700xt for $750 a year or so ago...
It is possible that the card is not lying about the power consumption. The AliExpress card was running almost 20 C cooler and processors get more efficient at lower temperatures (this was apparently very noticeable with R9 290X and Vega series). I think it's also a distinct possibility that they have undervolted the chip as well. Between these two it could account for the difference between them but the only way to be sure is with a power meter.
Chinesium Ballox Pustules from Aliexpress. Nice.
You should try warzone in more of your gpu test for a game option
Ah yes memory that costs 2x this gpu.
Dude im glad i sold my 5700xt when i did i started it at 250 on ebay some idiot paid 1200
$240 vs $170. I hope you don't get people accusing you of clickbait or lying like they do me for my thumbnails which I explain it is what I paid for the item.
I got a 6700xt for 250usd, but this is still a great offer
wow...they over-torqued the HELL outa somethin'!
How do you know the organ opening experience xD
Yo Dawid, typo in the title😆😆
Interessing,2 days ago saw someone selling a PELADN 57000xt (seller do not mention it's from aliexpress ). Was considering it for my son's pc but the potential "driver issue" make me step back.
GODDAMMIT DAWID!!!!!! That ET thing made me spit my coffee out!!!! The mess!
Try not to worry yo much about how AMD gpus power usage is shown. Remember your 6950 XT? Same thing. AMD power sensors don't mesure everything, nor are very accurate.
laptop gpu on a desktop
I just got the RX6600M conversion from the same company - delivered within 2 weeks!  Works as it should. Well Packaged and in great condition. No damage, no loose screws did I mention works as it should! 😲  Seems to be upside down, but WORKS AS IT SHOULD! 😲
Lol video title say aliepress
Have you actually measured the power draw of your system? It could be a mining card with a low voltage BIOS.
My Asus Tuf Gaming rx6800 is a slightly more powerful card and uses about 110-150 watts in GTA V 1440p at 90-120fps with ultra settings. My entire power draw from the wall is around 250-280 watts with a 5600x.
I'm using rx5500xt from AliExpress for about a week now. It's actually a pretty good graphics card for its price of 120 usd, but I have the same issue as seen on video, my graphics card draws 10-30 watts less than it should, It's not factory undervolted, and after undervolting it myself I got more out of my gpu, it's running on higher maximum frequency but the "10-30watt" problem isn't solved. Power limit set to +0, temperature limit is turned off, ULPS is disabled in afyerburner
Aliepress...
Not long ago I got a Gigabyte GTX1060 6GB also from Aliexpress for USD125. Of course performance-wise not as good as RX5700 but I expected it to be a lemon or having a lower-grade GPU inside. But it turned out to be a legit graphics card via GPU-Z and it worked, and has been working for past few months w/o giving issues. Very surprised indeed. Some Aliexpress sites may have some credibility(esp those with thousands of sales) so potential buyers who feel lucky may consider getting a used card here.
Aliepress? Is that some kind of stamping machine?
I liked it better when there were GPUs with power on the front of the card. The overall build quality for this card was pretty solid considering where it came from
I wonder how many years it was mined on?
So it’s an OEM model 5700XT with a nice cooler on top. Honestly not a bad find even after the taxes and shipping applied, it’s still one beast of a card
I saw a 51RISC in my Newegg ad this morning for $158.99 that's just like this.
aliepress
I bought a 2060 super 8gb from aliexpress, cost like $160 and it's been a great upgrade from my old 960 2gb
Should of used GPU Z just to make sure.
when is the giveaway going to be announced?
Is Aliepress a knock-off of AliExpress? Just asking... xD  (sry... it just jumped right into my eye...)
my 3060 has power inputs on the top of the card, it's a ball ache, I'd wayy prefer them on the ass end of the card...
@Dawid you have a typo in the title: Aliepress
Your first problem was buying from Aliepress instead of express.
I still think putting lights on you ram looks f**king stupid and I don't really care who knows :D
I was expecting you to say the HT stood for "Hot Trash" lol
Aliepress.
i wonder if they pre modified the GPU to report less wattage so you can overclock higher without having to edit the bios limits
My friend bought 2 cheap graphic cards from AliEpress and Xianyu(Salt fish) and he eventually found out those graphic cards are mining cards. Just be caution.
I still think the 5700xt dent is a dig at Linus dropping the Rx 480X
I got this card but my fans started rattling even though it was "new". I just zip tied some 120mm case fans.
They sell used 580 fpr 200€ here, so its better pricing than us
I'm gonna ask, how did you dent your reference card??? I'm pretty sure Aliexpress cards might cause cancer 😱 But I agree that the power connectors on the back of the card do look nice for cable management.
Man, that's just robbery at this point. Absolute steal of a deal it is.
The PCB and IO shield indicate that it is a repurposed Radeon pro or mining GPU. Also if you already have 2 of them - run Crossfire!
He calls it an rtx 5700xt at the very end lol. Love your vids bro. Always Informative yet somehow hilarious af lmao. Dawid ftw! Btw my noob water bottle no longer says noob(rubbed off cuz I'm a mechanic and am rough with EVERYTHING)  but still use it everyday for coffee at work!
You should've punished it with 4k, but not with Cyberpunk. Just play the cat game for once with your cat! And Anna!
Goddamn! That reference RX5700XT is one sexy looking card.
I got a RX 6600 for $225 like 2 1/2 months ago only thing I do not like it about it does not work to well in Windows 7 the drives have a few small bugs.
1:43 Ouch!, I think you bent the shield when you pulled it through the packaging tube, ie, the protruding lugs hooked the plastic as it went through the tight packing.
I bought one of the reference 5700 XT on launch day. The first one I had to send back cause it was defective. The replacement one I got worked great until I upgraded to a 6700 XT in July.
So what you are saying in this video is that people should buy graphics cards from Ali-Express because they are good value. Thanks for the advice Dawid.
I use a UPS with power draw meters and I bet the power draw number are more accurate than you think. In my experience most of the china knockoffs have lower power draw. Since they don't have nearly as much hardware on the card and generally overall have lower resistance with thinner traces on the PCB.
Hmm... Aliepress.
As per usual an absolute amazing video from one of the most Blazae youtubers about lol and I mean that in a good way. Love the video style you bring Dawid and you really should have double the amount of viewers ypu actually have.keep them coming my friend
is it Aliespress or Aliexpress?
I love the missing X in the title
I don't recommend buy GPU from this company and some others, like peladn(most infamous among them) this is just refub, new parts, but GP from mining or dead cards. Newer knows how long it can work. Some times they dead from box
2nd video asking dawid to send me a gtx 1050ti in exchange for nividia geforce gt220
1080ti can be bought for around 200-250 euro in Norway used, so idk if this is actually a great deal as you've mentioned because if you buy this from Aliexpress you have to pay shipping + 20-25% VAT so the price is pretty similar with all the risk added by shipping a GPU from China imo.
I would guess that the card is made from low-binned GPU silicon so it's been slightly underclocked to get it running stable, and that's why it's using less power and why it's cheap. Seems like a great deal tbh.
really disappointed you didn't discover what the card really was. my guess is a 5600 xt or 5700.
RTX 5700 XT :D hehe
Convenient timing for this. I'm actually buying a 5700 XT (or 5700 to modify because they're cheaper) from eBay. Will be a big upgrade from my 1660 because of it's narrow and not-very-fast frame buffer. Just 6gb of VRAM also lets it down in some cases.
Dawid Does Tech Stuff : you know what's funny....? That the RX 5700 XT 8GB beats the RTX 2080 8GB Super in Battlefield V which is an Nvidia raytracing 2018 launch title. The irony is surely keeping Jensen awake at night....still :).
That's plenty enough of a displayed wattage difference that plugging the entire PC into a watt meter with each card installed should be able to determine if the Ali Express one is indeed using less wattage or not...was kind of hoping you would test that.
Got a used XFX RX 5700XT for US$150 a month ago for my first ever build. Upgraded from a GT 940m laptop. 😆
I loved my 5700xt however I suffered with the Green Screen Crash constantly. Ended up upgrading.
It's probably an old chinese mining card, that would explain the low price, the power connector position, the gunk on the card & the low wattage (bios modded perhaps?)
Any1 know what that cpu cooler was in his test rig?
He is finding GPU price s lowere and lower.
Damnn, i got mine for 400€ 2y ago, MSI Gaming X. This is really a good buy, i guess lol (if it gets past costoms).
what is 1080p gaming in 2023
@Dawid making Tech content for us broke-ass losers in the real world.
Never heard of Aliepress 😂
I am wondering if the card has a different BIOS; if this card was being used for mining at some point, they would want it using as little power as possible.  I have a 5600XT, Ryzen5 5600, 6 storage drives of various types and 32 GB of DDR4 RAM, and my total system draw from the wall under Furmark and other stress tests never exceeds 300 watts - including monitor, printer, and an 80Watts, Class D power amp. (UK 240 volts)
You should try Star Citizen on these exotic aliexpress pearls ;-)
my favorite online shop is definitely "Aliepress". its like the wish clone for Aliexpress
Fully agree with the front placement of power delivery, the fact no big brands do it is really disappointing.
I purchased a used 5700XT for $320 right before the GPU bubble burst, and spent another $40 on paste and pads to re-do it because it was running very hot. All is well now but this video does make me wish I had held out a little longer.
The HT means hot thot....... Make sure your wife ain't around while opening that haha
I've received my RX5700 XT yesterday from that exact same seller and packaging. When i saw it on Ali, it cost slightly less than yours and since it was a nobrainer i've pulled the trigger for my second rig. After 2 mins of inspection turns out to be a refurbished XFX 5700 XT THICC II withouth the chromed plastics. Heck there was still the original XfX sticker on the fans under the JieShuo one.... I guess yours might have new cooler and backplate, and the same hard mining past as mine. Still can't complain with the price, turns out to be ok as long as it comes back to what it's supposed to be for, GAMING 🤘Cheers from Italy!!!
I love Dawid’s arbitrary use of medical jargon…
It's potentially possible the card isn't lying about the Wattage if it is essentially factory undervolted. I can bring my card's power draw down by 20-35% without losing performance by undervolting. That said I'm guessing it's still off by at least 25% or so. Would love to see you do more overclocking and undervolting when you test cards!
The thyroid goo is probably flux
I still member seeing this one GPU company called cucked haha like what the F..... And this was peak GPU prices. Was much irony indeed.... Lol.....
What is the monitoring software, please?
dawid great video as usual but you spelt aliexpress wrong 🥲
Never heard of Aliepress  😉
I wanna buy this gpu but i have no idea if it will fit in my case with the rear power connectors, does anyone has any idea about the length of this gpu?
You have to try the 51Risc RTX cards, they are far cheaper than known brands and seem to have quite a following in some countries
Yay finally a win for Dawid from ali
I wonder if one day he gonna buy a gtx 685
You can get some stupid performance out of AMD graphics cards with undervolting, I would pull the firmware and look at it with an editor to see what the power settings look like!
210USD (equiv) on our local ebay, yet they actually sell for around 130USD used in China. I checked their 'craigslist' 😐
Dawid is the only person I know that cam dent a gpu like that and have it look like a design. Good job I guess.
The Aliexpress card was almost certainly used for Etherium mining and as such likely has an undervolted bios on it. I would try getting as close to the stock bios as you can from techpowerup.
i jus bought a asus 1070ti for $100
I still have a GTX 1060 6 GB. The only thing positive I can say is that it's better than nothing. Sort of :(
just curious what do you do with all these aliexpress and wish ghetto GPUs, you must have a pallet of them by now
This GPU is speed.
You misspelled the title 😂 Aliepress 😂
Rx6600m is sold new, same if not better performance, less connections required, runs much less hot, draws less power (40-50% less), pretty much same price.
i bought a 3070 for 280(and it works) overtake that
They are using notebook chips in this cards. There are rtx 3070, same game)
Sure it's not just undervolted? Those numbers look like an RX 5700 XT undervolted to around 950mV. Maybe the seller got some fairly bad versions, fixed them up and undervolted to have the cards be a bit more user friendly with a fairly weak cooler?
Dawid "75degrees fine" me with laptop 95degrees "oh it has a good day"😆
on any amd card 20 or so minutes of furmark with the power slider and fan speed cranked up will burn in the coils and get rid of the coil whine
Got a used rx 5600xt for 150€ (a steal in my country, as even the used 1660 super goes for more). It's the terrible Mech OC version, and that card at times even draw more power than this Ali 5700xt, so it's rather impressive. Had to undervolt mine to 855mv to draw about 105w to also keep temps lower and importantly the noisy fan at just 50%
I got an RX 580 4GB for $68 and an RX 5500 XT 8GB for $98
could you do a video on 51risc graphics cards. i just saw one for the first time on amazon a week or 2 ago and wanted to know if its a real company but i dont have the savy or know how to do it myself.
Dawid solely funding the next CCP party congress with his Ali express purchases.
Dawid is the king of funny content... , BTW, I got exactly the same card from Ali 4 weeks ago, same cooler and all, but on mine under the cooler they forgot to remove the old original stickers. turns out these are just old mining rig cards that waere washed, dried and dressed with a new cheap cooler, probable because they where cooled with water blocks and lost their original coolers. they also where flashed with a custom power limited firmware. I opened a dispute with Ali on the claim these are not "new" cards as claimed and got a refund of 68$ out of the 189$ I paid for it and got to keep the card.  Dawid , try to replace the termal past to some good one as well as better and extra termal pads on the memory and backplate and it will get about 8c cooler making it a good buy, until it will die...
7:16 after  looking to the games you're playing, you have my full respect.
Dawid since performance wad close to 3060 u should do a non rt battle of doom between both of them
This is one of the best GPUs to buy used at the moment, I bought one from eBay for only 120.
It could very well be that the card you got in alliexpress is actually a really well designed one and the difference in power draw might be the inefficiencies you get when it's pumping more wattage into the fan and/or components (coil whine for example).  I mean. It's a few years old.  Whose to say they didn't figure out a fast and cheap fine tune to keep her power draw down?
I've been eyeing those AliExpress cards for a while lmao. Glad you make videos about them.
I wish someone would dom my plats
I'd buy that for a dollar! Robocop reference aside, that seems like a good card. I might finally give up my rx 480 8gb for something like it. Great video with great music. Thanks to you sir.
Just came here to say “Shroud”
At the moment of this comment it's 159 on Newegg
1:33 well that kinda is correct in this case
I saw a Chinese 5700XT on Newegg just a few days ago selling for ~$170.  I just checked again and it's nowhere to be found.
Why does everyone think they need to take everything apart? There is no need for it.
How long would a gpu take shipped to the UK from Aliexpress? What  are great buyers' tips when purchasing from this site.
I want some more random product reviews. I hope we got some coming.
11:15 RTX 5700 XT :o
Some years ago it was sketchy, when i started to buy there, around 2015, it was like... "buy something cheap and forget... it will probably arrive someday...eventually...", but today we have solid options with quite trustworthy sellers, it is still more risky than buy on your own country with all consumers protections of course, but i have a surprisingly good story with Aliexpress-bought hardware... I have a RX580 2048SP 8GB from that same seller, it works perfectly, i use for scientific applications running at 100% 24/7, it keeps around 67ºC even when ambient temps are around 33ºC, AMD driver works perfectly. I also bought around 8 DDR4 and DDR2 ram sticks from various sellers, all worked fine, with just one exception. I bought from a very cheap seller that i previously bought and worked fine, the stick was fully functioning but it wouldnt work together with a specific CPU(Ryzen 3 4100), worked just fine with all other motherboards and cpus combinations tested.
"lets move to a more demanding game" - proceeds to get 50 more fps than in gta 5 lmao i know its because gta 5 is terribly optimized but still
Says coil whine then plays audio with wind-noise (from the fans)
Dawid, how do You know how it is to open a package with an organ in it?
I've got a Tesla k40c that has dual 8 pins on the front. Yay me!
As someone that did crypto mining, i can tell you that the powerdraw it reports IS wrong, however, this is a common issue with ALL AMD cards in general, they tend to use 10-20% more power than what they report, also when GPU run cooler, they will use less power, because the power stages get less efficient the hotter they get.
I'm sorry. Is it too hard to measure the power consumption in the outlet... With each of the cards... While doing the same thing...
Can confirm the 5700xt performs pretty close with an rtx 3060. Have a cyberpower pc with an i5-11600kf with an rtx 3060. And recently I bought one of those miniforum mini pcs (B550 one with external GPU dock), picked up a used sapphire 5700xt for $150, and it actually tests about 1k points higher on 3dmark, go figure (the minipc has a ryzen 5700g so i guess it's no that surprising, but its still kind of funny.
Would you recommend people to buy this card off Ali express dawid?
It's so nice that graphics cards are back into the real of reality! Much to Nvidia's chagrin 😅
Ali epress lol
there are 120$ 1660supers (used after mining of course) from aliexpress too, maybe you could make a video on that as well
Thank you so much for doing this video!!! I was not sure if I should pull the trigger on this one or not.
"It does smell a bit like a distillery now, but at least it doesn't feel like it's got a thyroid problem anymore"  XD
Lol
Um, I noticed that a winner was chosen for your Custom PC Giveaway. I just checked my messages and I'm not seeing a notification stating that I won. This must be some sort of mistake.
So no one is gonna mention how he pulled out the GPU with force and bent the IO, blaming the seller about it
Want to buy a GPU around the £200 mark and its between one of these and the 6600. There has been SOME 6600XTs sold for under 200 so ill maybe try catch one of them instead
I have the same ram kit 🙃
i would be to afraid to buy anything from ali, i know three people who have two of them had their credit cards stolen and maxed out, they were not held responsible cause the crooks went to far and raised a red flag and trans actions were canceled right away, however it took two weeks for a new card to arrive and that was an inconvenience
I recognized that packaging immediately! -From AliExpress but also from Gamestop... They packaged their used consoles in them.
God i need a gpu or pc. CANT wait till taxes..lol nice video as always 👌.  Always enjoy your content.crazy the price difference between the 3060 .
That's INSANE value for 1080p gaming
Maybe another one of those laptop gpu's made into a desktop like the 6600M?
Corsair makes good RAM but the size of those heat spreaders could prove problematic with larger CPU air coolers, e.g. be Quiet! Dark Rock Pro 4. I hope they consider a less height-y version soon!
I do not miss those old reference paddle fans, they suck, nothing !! lol
It still blows me away that the market got so screwed up. I bought a reference rx5700 for £250 three years ago (new) and I could still realistically ask for £180 for it even though it's now 2 generations old.   Don't get me wrong, it's a great card and I have no plans to get rid of it but pricing is still over where it should be imo
Is there anyway you could find out the actual draw of power with an amp meter???
You should use a wall outlet power meter to see the difference in power draw. Validate your claim of "they are lying"
the 130 watts could be reakl as rdna scales pretyt well with a little undervolt with very minimal performance loss - as seen in teh comparison with teh reference. also keeping it cooler can be fine. altho i suspect the fan power isnt calculated in the chip power draw output. Plus Silicon Lottery if you have a good bin which there could be many at this point beeing possibly one of the last batches of the 5700 xt IC's its likely this is genuine.
The gpu market is literally shit now, Oh and awesome video, I've always loved your choice of music most of your videos songs really makes my day.
No showing the FPS of the other 2 games??
When you showed the 5700xt with the dent I thought the dent was built in a looked sicked
how is he getting 150fps on gta 5 while i can only get to like 90 lowering alot of settings down on radeon 5700xt Gygabite, AMD Ryzen 7 3700x and 16GB ram. I got 1440p monitor 165hz but running it at 120hz and made the game run on 1080p like he did. I'm actually mad.
wow
I bought three $30 corsair fans and 2 of the center stickers are crooked. I can see why a cheap graphics card from aliexpress would have uncentered fan stickers, but corsair is an extremely well known company and they can't even center their fan stickers.
The sticky stuff maybe flux as the card looks like it's been repaired before . Btw i love your content.
Here before Dawid fixes the typo
Life boat rations... 😅
is the AliExpress version running lower voltage?  Those cards undervolt really well
You should have done a system power draw from the wall test to see if there is a 50 watt difference. just to be sure the discrepancy is accurate.
I'd like to bet the downward facing power connectors were designed so the card could be used in bespoke mining systems.
The mayor and primary C.E.O. with patented ownership of dodgy GPU's and tech, Mr. Dawid.
Ahh yes Aliepress, truly one of the sites of all time.  (Just in case he changes the title, he put Aliepress)
I bought a 5700 a few months ago to upgrade my htpc. Listing was for a 5700 xt and it was not an xt model but the performance was still good enough for the price I paid that I didn't really complain about it too much. Still absolutely a nice gpu and an excellent value buying used these days.
you should install a Killawatt meter onto your outlet; it'll show how much watts is being pulled from the wall. I've done it to calculate my SFF PCs for SF450 builds works well to see how much watts is actually pulled on specific games.
I just bought rx 580 alicard for about $75 and the fan behavior is the same. It says 0 rpm on idle when it is clearly spinning slowly. It also draws less power compared to other known brands. Like 30w to 50w less power draw with 5 to 10 lesser fps than other known brands.
Comes with FREE COOTIES!!!!!!     The fact you actually got a currently supported AMD card and not something from the ATI era, is the shocking part......
How do you know how unpacking harvested organs bought on the internet feels like Dawid?
Maybe the card is using a custom, lower volt delivery from hardware? I'm running at 259w on my 3080, 100% powerdraw but same performance and no thermal throttling. Whereas stock it can easily jump to 362w.
Buy one of these cheap current meter, so you should see if the card is lying or not
How much it costs to manufacture this graphics cards anyway?!
1:45 wow we witnessed the packaged thing give birth to another packaged thing... it´s great to be alive.
Aliepress? Ive never heard of that one before. Hopefully it’s better than Aliexpress
Well would you recommend the card?
Can it be that the aliexpress card is undervolted?
I am actually impressed with this.... You got a bargain there... I was just waiting for it to turn into an RX260x on GPUz etc but it appears it is actually a proper 5700xt.... fair play to the seller, their website looks legit as well...
What is the use case for a blower-type cooling system on a GPU? Systems with next to no case ventilation?
You should try the Rx 6600m dawid, it's literally a laptop gpu that they soldered to a PCB and heatsink, it's a surprising good deal with the performance, I recommend you buying on either 51risc or huananzhi, they are legit brands on AliExpress
I think the sound may be worse due to the dent on the reference card.
I've been running the 5700XT since 2019 and it was crazy loud cause I bought reference design. Once I got it under water it worked like it should. Now with amernime drivers I've gotten a lot out of it.  Also the reference 5700XT isn't a dual 8 pin. It's an 8 + 6 pin. Also didn't know the 5700Xt was a RTX card xD
Just received my RX580 8GB from aliexpress, great purchase for the price
So, is it just undervolted like crazy? Great video as always, Dawid!
THe red bubble wrap coming out reminded me of that bit when Ace Ventura comes out of the Rhino....
love your videos 😍😋😍✌🏻
Life boat rations 🤣🤣🤣
Oh yeah I love Aliepress.
hi I am starving child please send graphics card this is my last comment
Rtx 5700xt 🤣🤣
Dawid, i absolute love you content and jokes ! just the comparison text is always something I need to pause the video to read ! (example 11:03).
Given the slight performance downgrade compared to the Reference card, I don't think the Aliexpress card is lying, but you didn't test the wall power usage to confirm this which was... infuriating.
"Thyroid disorder included" Not me laughing my ass off while also having a Thyroid disorder 😂😂😂
I liked the 5700XT but I sold it at the height of the crypto boom for $900, I recently bought a 5700 on Ebay for $125 that I like .
Is there a story behind the dent?
I just got my today for 140€  3 fans 5700xt just from different seller 😂
Hey Big D. I wish you would have looked at what the Radeon software reported the metrics to be. The inconsistencies with MSI/RTSS and some AMD cards drove me away. I used it on a 6900 XT and the values would change between runs with the same game one time to the next. In RDR2 using built in benchmark, power use: run 1 58w run 2 181w run 3 138w all from a cold boot of the system. Love the Aliexpress vids, reminds me why I stopped buying from there.
i’m actually pretty impressed with this ali express card, connectors on the side are also a nice touch
I bought my RX 5700 (Reference) Several Years ago. I bios modded it with the XT bios, and just recently got ahold of a water cooler for it. It runs everything I throw at it amazingly at 1440p 144hz medium to high settings. I only recent thought of upgrading so I can delegate it to Handbrake conversions in my server lmao.
I swear Dawid gets the most suspect Radeon cards I've ever seen.
I wonder if it just doesn't read the PCI-e-slot power
aliepress? typo dawid
Since the sticky 5700xt is lying about power draw maybe you should crank it up in afterburner and see what happens….
Aliepress?
Is it possible that the AliExpress card just isn't reporting PCI-e power or power from one of the 8 pins?
I got my rx 5700xt from the same seller at aliexpress and it was a used xfx model with jie shuo sticker on the fan. It's running perfectly and I got it at a really good price.
I like the power connectors coming out the end .. the 4090 could have used this to make it fit in some cases easier ... I think coming out the back could work as well if the case was designed for it
Did you ever find out where that broken screw came from?
I'm not a big tech junkie, but I enjoy the hell out of Dawids videos, maybe a little short, but keep making them and I'll keep watching.
Calling these "Front" and "Top" instead of "Back" and "Side" makes me want to strangle a kermit muppet that has your name on it, with a power supply cable. I don't even know which one is correct, i just feel wronged.
I love your content Dawid. Its got a regular joe blow pc guy vibe to it. Your not running after the latest and greatest all the time, and also grabbing pc components from marketplaces people in western countries don't go to shop. I think most people people who play PC games just want to see how well affordable PC components will do with middle of the road settings.
Low draw might be due to a mobile gpu
Maybe the Ali card has a special farming BIOS. Check the wall power draw.
What a coincidence lmao, I found an MSI 5700XT yesterday for roughly the same price ($220 CDN), only used 1 year and still in box w/ receipt. Picking it up tomorrow!
I sure do love Aliepress
3:48 i thought that dent was for design purposes
they just need to put the new gpu power cable on the side of the pci dahh!!!!! they never think to thats xD its scared me
Aliepress sounds like an awesome new site to order from that isn't at all sketchy
Newegg has a “51Risc” 5700XT for $159 USD right now. Looks like a similarly suspect card but slightly more legit seller, maybe?
I love buying stuff from ALIEPRESS
Why is this the only RX 5000 series card I ever see. Were the other cards really bad in comparison?
150th
e
Aliexpress*  i cant belive you make these kinds of mistakes Dawid... Unsubscribed!
Those connector on the back of the card are low key genius! Imagine for a second all the connectors for mobo’s and gpu’s on the back of the pcb and you just plugged them in from holes in the back of the case and never saw any wires at all.
There's like three of these, available locally for around 200usd right now I've been wondering if i was better off  saving a bit more and getting a ebay used 6800xt, buying one of these or seeing if my r9 390 can last me another year and try buying a 7800xt equivalent once they've come down in price
this is why the western elite are against China cheap good products, it doesn't need to be a 1000 euros (900 euros profit) to run a game well.
I sold mine in the middle of the pandemic for 500$ used for a year and got a 3060 on launch and glad I sold cause hot damn the price dropped -I also got my 3060 for retail not overpriced
I feel the overwhelming urge to pop some bubble wrap bubbles now.
man ffs yall youtubers are making these cards expensive in no time stop this BS ,its just a normal 5700xt and you know it
Am I the only one that calls the side of a graphics card with the ports the front? It just makes more sense to me. I mean we don't call 'backplates' 'topplates' despite them usually being on top when in a system.
The package with the yellow tape seriously looked like a brick of cocaine
“Aliepress”
240CAD for a card that rivals a 3060 in performance is a hell of a deal!
i think amma gonna buy the new radeon GPU. Would you mind doing software review or somethink please ?
You can find RX 5700XTs for about ~150$ especially here...got 1 myself for 140$ (Sapphire Pulse) and now i have 2 rigs lol.
ALIEPRESS
i mean that is a good deal
You should try using a wall socket power meter and run the PC via that to see what the overall consumption is with either card to see if there is a clear difference.  Could come in handy for future videos too and they're cheap
Dawid  How about an "EXP GDC" on a laptop Using a laptop with a desktop GPU installed in it
I have an RX580 from the same brand.  Albeit I bought it 2 months used, it still works perfectly and stays below 80c while playing Minecraft on high with complementary shaders at 1080p 60+ fps.
Here before the typo in the title gets fixed. Lol
Great video. Aliexpress is typo'd in the title though.
Ah yes...         The RTX 5700 XT 11:15
Aliepress > Aliexpress
Have we reached a point where AMD IS the mid-tier option?
That is 100% a "renewed" mining card.
Sorry for the dumb question, but what is the equivalent of a 5700XT with Nvidia ? (sorry, my last AMD GPU was an ATI Rage Pro 128 😂😂)
Hmm, video title suggests “Aliepress”. That’s a new one!
I'm guessing _Aliepress_ is the AliExpress version of AliExpress?
Damn, this seems like a really good price for a brand new 5700xt. However, I got an open-box msi rtx 3060 for only $210 recently and I think that was an even better deal.
You should measure power draw at the wall, it's possible that this is some kind of mobile variant clamped on standard pcb
HT: Hardware Tested?
missclick in the name, change it please (Aliespress - Aliexpress)
11:15, wow Dawid ordered a RTX5700XT? No wonder its questionable...
U said rtx 5700 xt on the end  .. lol just mentioning it
PCI E slots should be the norm at the bottom anyway it's stupid that they aren't
Oh, how I have missed the understated and mildly perverted humor. ❤️
I bot a RX5500XT from the same Aliexpress vendor for $103 total cost (US) and its not far behind the RX5700XT you bot.   Good video .   The 51RISC company is selling the same cards and at the same prices. I got mine in 3 weeks, a week earlier than they said it would arrive.  They are nothing cutting edge but they work and for cheap. That is what I was looking for.
I’m a Reference 5700XT daily user since Jan 2020. Horrible Drivers!  Great Card.
I got a windforce 3x for 220, im happy with it. P.S. my comment is the 70th one so I break 69
More please kind sir.
i ran a MSI mech 5700xt and it wanted to melt itself out of the box, had to put an aftermarket AIO on it just to keep the cooling costs of my house down during the summer.
Wow value kappa
FYI.... About your "Broken Alienware" video...   Alienware Ryzen systems are only compatible with the generation of CPU they came with. It looks like you tried a Ryzen 2600. The sticker on the front of that system says Ryzen 7 5000. So the BIOS of that motherboard will only accept Zen 3 CPU's... and I am not sure about the "G" APUs or the Ryzen 5700X since those came out after the R10 5000 series launch. If you have a 5600X, 5800X, 5900X or 5950X... try it and see if it works. I bet it does.  Prior to Zen 3 launch, Alienware had Zen 2 CPU's. Those systems will not accept Zen 3 CPUs... and then after... newer Zen motherboards, won't accept Zen 2 CPU's. It is locked down in the BIOS
The 5700 and 5700xt are such great cards.
wow
Hi Dawid if you're a fan of coil whine and blower style GPUs with 2 x 8 pin connectors at the front of the card, go find yourself a Gigabyte RTX 3080 turbo 10GB and do a video on that. I just got rid of mine after many years of enduring high temps and screaming noise from the card. The cards ran so hot I ended getting an 80mm Noctua fan and zip tied it to the front intake of the card which dropped temps by about 10 degrees, and fan speed by 30%. Love your videos, your sense of humour is right up my alley.
Babe wake up Dawid posted a video
Would you change the graph on the benchmark layout to frametimes?
I still use a 5700 XT i got for 500 close after launch
Love me some dawid content wish you’d post more though twice a week just isn’t enough :/
they have the higher end ones on ebay for like 140.
The title says "Aliepress."
I still use the 5700xt
You should have made 1000% sure it was an 5700xt with GPU-z dawid!
I bought a 580 8gb for $70 usd of Aliexpress for a friends build, I am excited to get it!
aliepress
I bought a 5500xt of this brand same brand, its working fine and the price is very atractive, manly because I live in Brazil. I paid approximately 85 dolars.
Nice vid. Always enjoy these ones. Carry on breaking the algorithm and good job.
I love how literally every seller shipping from china seems to use the exact same orange/brown tape lol
aliepress
Where was the twist? I thought it could be a non-XT version.
I love the 5700xt its still a beast of a card
Early Gang!!
Dawid my man can u confirm who won the pc
Could you maybe test it with an external power meter to see if its really lying? xD
Who won the pccccc !!!!!!!!!!!!    ❕❕❓❓❓
is this the time to buy AliExpress cards?
The 5700 XT is still a solid card. My nephew has a 5500 XT and it still rocks too
"I remember this reference cooler howling like a banshee with its tail stuck in the door" Dawid never fails to make me laugh. Keep up the quality content man this was a great video.
You should do a review over the 6700 non XT
gamers
What is the mouse in your intro.  I used to have one and it was great but it broke
man ditch jieshuo, try kanoki instead, they are even more sketchy.
I have no idea what this man's upload schedule is but it's always right on time
Definitely got surprised at the whooooooooooooooole lot more 😂
When they mean zero fan speed, I don't think when you sit and play only do nothing
A card with 2 8 pins and just suck about 130w 🤣🤔
I actually like his vids more than linux tech tips vids
I literally saw this on Aliexpress and almost bought it if I hadn’t slapped and told myself that I don’t need a gpu, it looked very Powercolor like
how did the giveaway go?
Dawid attempting to disconnect the fan connecter inside the gpu makes me sweat
aliexpress never dissapoints
Here for the comedy
Congratulations 🎊 to the giveaway winner and a new video LES GOOO!
hi
Aliepress :D
Can't wait for the $40 4090
The title..
I just bought 5700 xt for 210 $ Was that to much?
Im here from Aliepress
Aliepress?
day immidiatly got a lot better when i saw this, very early this time.
I bought a RX 5700 for $290...Sold it during the pandemic for $1000...Should I buy it back now for $170?
life boat rations lol
Yaaay, had a sad day, but I saw the upload. Thanks Dawid!
how do you know how an organ bought on the internet packaging looks like ??? lol
Bring back Linode!
I'm confused I saw no views now theres 22??
I like this kind of Videos soooo much and generally your Videos are sooo amazing! Keep the good work up! 👍
I got a used Asus ROG Strix one for 210 recently. The seller moded the cooling because Asus F'ed up the VRM contacting. Pretty good deal cost to performance wise. Can't even get a 2070 for less than 300 bucks.
Dawid tech support for humour.
How to check giveaway results
Always hanging for another instalment, great content man, keep it up.
Who won the pc
whos the winner of the pc?
keep up the good videos.
hell yeah dawid video
My favorite youtuber
People say GPU prices are dying down but I beg to differ, I couldn't find any AMD cards above the 6800 (non XT) below 800 bucks, same for RTX 3070+. Literally the only hope is to try and get a card off of eBay and hope it isn't a scam.
yeah another ali express gamble video ;)
😁
Man i was waiting for 2 days
im pretty late
Do-do-do-do-do dawid
hi dawid!
Going from watching Dawid in school, to watching another Dawid video
It’s a 5700xt tho…
Some even go for far less I wanted to buy a few that were made in china/japan not sure but im pretty sure they were Chinese brands anyway I did think of make a video but I realised I would not get views and never financially recover from wasting roughly $700 on the potentially fake graphics cards😂
Hi
Woah Dawid should pin me right now
Dawid, you da man.
More GPU Videos There Da Best
1st yayyyy
You know its a good day when Dawid uploads
Who won the pc?
Pog
