The reason for Rob Zombies "poor" choice of font is because he wants it to look like a local business commercial. He sprinkles these local commercials into his movies. Devils Rejects and Halloween 2 both have them. I quite like that he's purposely trying to make it look cheap
Why am I watching this three years later
Did this movie ever even get released?
Smells like teen spirit was in the trailer for The Gallows I think
Took me a while to realize this is 3 years old
Did avgn make this trailer lmao
The plot of every Rob Zombie movie is "hey everyone look at how hot my wife is"
Worthless
6:46 you mean like the tv show?
I can’t believe it took me three years to come up with this. Ahem…  Pee Wee Herman Munsters Playhouse
It looks like a porn parody with all the sex edited out
DId this movie ever come out?  Did I miss it??
genuine q : why do ppl like tacky hammy cheesey corny campy holloween stuff? the crappier the better. is there a name of this? these halloween-themed people are a mystery to me.
I watched the movie out of morbid curiosity and, you know, I can get over the sub-par acting, the garish lighting (I get he wanted to shoot it in black and white, yadda yadda), and the overall Rob Zombie-ness.  But for the life of me, I cannot understand how a man who has made, like, 10 films can't write a movie with the most basic story structure. The film wraps up all the loose ends in the last 5 minutes. It's like he forgot that they need to get a house in America so he was just like, "Oh yeah! Okay, so...um, the Werewolf uncle won big in Vegas off-screen and gives his earnings to The Munsters because he's been a shitty person".  Supposedly this movie had been a passion project for him for nearly two decades but it feels like he wrote it in one night after a full tour with White Zombie while blackout drunk and popping benzos.   It's so fucking bad. How is he so bad at writing?
I have a conspiracy theory that Rob Zombie deliberately made it as horribly colored as possible that looks good in black and white. Because I watched it and set my TV to black and white and it looked fantastic, and I knew he wanted it to be in black and white but the studio refused.
It looks like a fan film from 2008
This is one of my fav RLM vids
House of 1,000 Corpses (2003) The Devil's Rejects (2005) Halloween (2007) Halloween 2 (2009) The Adventures of El Superbeasto (2010) Lords of Salem (2013) 31 (2016) 3 From Hell (2019) and The Munsters (2022) and just wait for his take on The Addams Family and for his Cinematic adaptation of his Number #1 hit single Dragula from his 98' album Hellbilly Deluxe because yes that will be happening soon ROB ZOMBIE Everyone SCREAMING!!!!!!
11:04 Heart Shaped Box By Nirvana but Also Slowed down.
7:24 - "The rest of the world melted away, as soon as you appeared in my life."
9:48
I really really hope that sometime this summer you will put your beaver video. I bet a lot of movies have them too. I usee to think that it was cgi morphology but until now I just saw so much evidence online. I know.
Don't care what you think about the Munsters trailer, review the movie
i have to agree with Jay on the lighting. it feels so amateur and like some film-student's crappy attempt at stylization.
The entire movie looks like a Brandon Rogers skit, but not funny.
I feel like grindhouse it worked for a parody of b movies
Kinda funny now that Eli roths thanksgiving is a real movie now
Wait...wouldn't Cop and A Half 2 be...Cop and A Half 1? Or maybe...ahhhh screw it. I'm too drunk.
Wait... there's a kindergarten cop 2?
Thanksgiving is a real movie now lol
Most important video of our generation.
Imagine if Eli Roth made an R-rated or not rated version of the Munsters. That would probably be so much cooler. With lots of gore. Lol
Homie never made a single good movie 😂
The trailer Mike was thinking of was the The Batman trailer.
I think Rob forgot that The Munsters at the end of the day is still a sitcom that parodies the tropes of other sitcoms that it was airing along with.   That's why playing up the horror ala The Addams Family doesn't work because the Addams ARE supposed to be weird and embrace the horror they're around while they view the rest of the world as weird.  The Munsters had a bit of an air of self unawareness that they still acted and felt they were the same as everyone else around but had unique quirks about them. Plus we had characters like Marylin who Lily had to save from being eaten by her own mother and while she's still a monster on her own right, is the 'odd one' for not looking like one which the Munsters are still unaware that to everyone else, it's the opposite.  It feels like Rob just tried to mash tye Addams and the Munsters together only to show why it wouldn't work if you don't get either.
Trailer was trash,  movie was fun.
the font they're talking about at ~1:56 is Lithos. Lithos, a typeface inspired by ancient Greek inscriptions, was designed by Carol Twombly and released by Adobe in 1989. an extended version with added support for Greek was released in 2000.  hope you find this interesting! :3
The film was pretty fun im glad i never saw the trailer
7:20 "as soon as you appeared in my life"
If they ain't using "chiller" for the font, I don't want it.
The munsters Frankenstein monster looks like sweet dee in that school episode
It looks like a high end porn parody.
Endless trash!
Given Rob Zombie's noted love of the munsters and cheap quality 60s shit in general... I don't get the surprise by this? Like sure from a studio perspective it's not a great idea but how did they not understand that he was going for a cheap 60s original munsters tone?
Rob zombie is totally the guy who would reboot a 60's cartoon
Jay: I took notes *pulls out phone* Mike: I took some notes *pulls out type writer*
More like “We own this IP and we have to do something with it before the rights expire…”
Agree, this trailer looks uniquely bad. And with a known name, you gotta wonder what they were thinking...
And this will be the first and last time I will ever hear of that.
"I took notes" Jay - brings out smartphone Mike - several loose sheets of paper
7:16 "...as soon as you appeared in my life"
Still a better trailer than Ishtar…
The one movie Zombie should've made but, did not WAS "Werewolf Women of the SS". 100%!!!! He really dropped the ball there
Just to add, the line that Jay couldn't understand is "As soon as you appeared in my life". I finally got it whilst listening to this video again in the background to something else;  I dont think it's the sound levels, it's really really bad voice acting, the actor is trying to sound nervous and goofy, but whoops the line so badly that you can't really get what he's trying to say.
I nominate this Munsters movie for an episode of Best of the Worst
First
This is FAR too "cartoony " mess that is in no way related to the original spirit at all except by name.   CRAP..   They had to be smoking something HIGHLY illegal when they made this mess.. and that's what it is-- just a freakin MESS..   It should really be against the law to Remake ANY CLASSIC... there IS no "joke" here-- no sense of humor at all-- and this is NOT the way the originals were-- with them being monsters thinking they were NORMAL people--  this was just TRASH..
I'd say the movie was on par with an episode of the show, so...mission accomplished, I guess?
The black and white edit you did made that look soooo much better
I think Rob did a great job with this
Rob Zombie can also go back to make a a third Halloween sequel. After watching that Halloween Ends parody of the Halloween franchise, a Rob Zombie third directed Halloween movie would not be a bad idea.
@7:16 "...as soon as you appeared in my life." It's garbled, but I was able to understand what was said.
I think this just reveals what I’ve been saying for years these metal guys are dorks. That’s not a bad thing they like this weird silly stuff like a little kid loves superheroes and he clearly made this for the little kid inside him. Metal is silly, slasher movies are silly, universal horror icons are silly. Tim Burton’s whole schtick was leaning into how silly it was. If I was as rich as rob zombie I’d do silly shit like this with my friends too
SO WEIRD. LOOKS LIKE A STUDENT FILM….AN ELEMENTARY STUDENT
Had to turn down the colour to zero to watch it
Sorta reminds me of Goosebumps 😆
I would feel really bad if it turned out that they really did hire an editor for the trailer and he's here getting slandered because he did such a poor job they just assumed Rob Zombie did it
Some of those universal IPs are them renewing the idea incase they ever hit it big.
Saw Zombie in concert years ago. Love his movie and almost everything else he's done before this monstrosity. He ruined The Munsters...
Camp inits totality a master piece.
The movie is so good that it deserves a review by you guys… because you guys always watch the best movies…. Only good movies on this channel….
As someone who grew up in the late sixties and early 70s,  never liked the Munsters.  Never believed people would be that scared of them.  The gags were ok for a short skit, but not for an entire show.   Found the Addams family more interesting. Car 54 was a success that they tried to parlay into the monsters with Gwinn and Lewis.  Neither shows lasted more than several seasons.
I watched this with my friend's kids (I was babysitting again), 8 and 11, and they thought it was a stone cold hoot (as did I). I'm also a very big fan of Zombie's Lords of Salem, and I do NOT enjoy his Halloween movies at all. As for his music, I can take it or leave it... no strong opinion either way. So no bias here. ***1/2 out of *****.
Just finished the Munsters movie. I actually enjoyed it.
This movie has been out for two days now and they had only one copy of it on Blu-Ray at my Walmart, which suggests people actually bought it.
This movie is on Amazon to rent now. Im hoping you guys will rent and review it so I don't have to pay the $5.
Dragula rules. Shout out to the dawgs.
this movie sucked
Now you have to do a full review of this steaming pile.
12:00 It was at this exact moment that I was even unaware that Kindergarten Cop 2 was a thing. That's not a blessing either but a curse.
Tax write off
I can't wait for the movie review!
The film is pathetic.
Rob Zombie is an absolute TERRIBLE director. His decisions are f*cling TERRIBLE, his pacing is absolutely off point, he never knows what kind of movie he wants to make, his editing is trash, his vision sucks.  He is just plain BAD.
7:18 " Soon as you appeared in my life."
I TAKE AWAY points for NOT using Dragula. Might have inspired a better movie.
7:06 God I thought I was hallucinating those Mic pops.
"The Greatest Love Story Ever Told" + fart noise made me laugh way more than it should have.
It's the font from Decker Vs. Dracula! (A true 5-bagger)
I’m an old school munsters fan. I was expecting this to be pure crap. But I got a copy today early. My daughter who is 17 also enjoyed this. The trailer is nothing like the final product. It’s a great origin story and has that innocent slap stick old school humor. Go in with an open mind. Anyone else would have ruined the munsters. The original cast can’t be replaced. But these actors paid homage to the originals and was very respectable.
What if this was released as sort of an anti-ad, where people look back to the original material to see how much better that was, like how they did with Slippin' Jimmy for Better Call Saul?
Now I really want that damn Dragula trailer
No such thing as bad publicity
This looks like an HD version of The Hilarious House of Frightenstein.
The voice in the intro to that trailer sounds just like the wheel of the worst intro
i need a turkey sandwich
🥷🏻👌
And now Netflix has the wendy Adams bs, mr zombie what happened
If we truly got Rob Zombie's The Munsters, we'd get Lily as a stripper who meets Herman who's a massive asshole but they fall in love anyway and Grandpa is also an asshole but slightly less of an asshole compared to Herman   Anyways, the plot is they all get shot and a white horse is involved somehow
The opening exchange to this episode is completely timeless.
I know I'm a month late, but isn't that font Lithograph?
The trailer did not get my attention. looks like a low-budget with wanna-be actors except for the grandfather who likes a replica of the original.
The "Don't" trailer was an obvious parody of the Dominique is Dead trailer, but indidnt think anyone but my cousin and I ever saw that trailer.
Omg, this looks like a Czech fairytale production. Scratch that, some of those are actually good.
Compare Rob Zombie's amateurish Munsters trailer to the teaser for Tim Burton's Wednesday, the Addams Family reboot.
This movie looks like an aborshun that lived.  I will probably watch it. What is wrong with me?
1:36 I took nohtes ! I took nohtes!  Jays accent coming through
I gotta say the production value and the characters were on point, they really brought the feeling of the old show, too bad about the director.
Rob Zombie, Fred Durst, rock musicians can't direct for shit huh
Black Widow had the slowed down Smells Like Teen Spirit cover.
I interpreted those mic pops as heartbeats since they were talking about love.
7:50 So it's official. Rob Zombie is the Adam Sandler of horror movies.
Rob Zombie is going to completely ruin The Munsters
This reminds me of Son of the Mask and is already giving me a migraine.
This will be hot garbage
Sorry ur 100% wrong on this one ,can’t wait to see it on dvd
Smells Like Teen Spirit was given a slow female makeover in Black Widow, though not sure if it was a trailer track
7:19 As soon as you agreed (to be) my wife Either that or "soonie soonie greemwaf"
This is the Family Value Fartbag of Munsters reboots. "And I enjoy it!"
I actually hope this is decent..
5:45 is that an American Samoa flag hanging in the back?!
white zombie was the last quality project he was involved with and that was Sean Yseult's baby
HOW PAINFUL
Loved the show as a kid, I have absolutely zero hope for this movie
Release the zombie cut of this trailer! Oh wait, maybe this is the zombie cut?
Years later and the scuffed audio Mummy trailer still makes me lose it
Further evidence Rob Zombie is a sad hack. Hey guys, mem-member more human than human? Guys hey guys?
Not since Catz have I seen a more horrifying trailer.
Black Widow is what Mike was thinking of. They had a cover of Smells like teen spirit by Malia J.
Where do you guys buy your black tshirts?
This looks like an independent Youtube parody production. It looks good for *YouTube* but not for a professional production.
Herman sound more like he is copying Peter Boyle from Young Frankenstein.
Kindergarten Cop 2... starting Rob Schneider!  derp da derp da diddely dee
Did Rob Zombie drop out of someone's favor or something?  Why wouldn't Universal edit this and do the trailer... or support him?
I really respect rob zombie doing whatever he likes regardless of if people find it good or not. I know thats rich coming from a creativity free comment section of a review show but that auteur style appeals to me as an artist. Can't help but root for it lol
7:31 you can't tell me that's not Quinns from @shutupandsitdown
Please stop bogarting the Prey review
Ironically the movie Haunt had a slow dramatic version of Dragula
The font is called Lithograph ;)
At least it isn't woke or forcing diversity.  People say the same with thing about WS Anderson with the resident evil movies.   You know what would've been great have a movie where the Addams Family meets the Munsters.
I hope they give an extensive review of movie
Well credit where it's due I suppose: his real friends do look a lot like The Munsters.
honestly? can't wait to watch this mad piece of shit
Rob zombie's scariest movie to date!! Bring it on!!!  Then , we get Pooh!!!
His wife would never be cast in that roll by anyone else.  RZ doesnt even deserve to claim Halloween.
I'm pretty sure the actor playing Grandpa in the new MUNSTERS movie based his portrayal on Tom Hanks' recent interpretation of Col. Tom Parker in ELVIS.
This looked awful I have to see it
This looks like one of those cheap, shitty British CBBC shows e.g. Monsters cafe or monsters tv
Pee Wee Herman would've just hired Tim Burton.
Teen Spirit- Black Widow opening credits/montage
I'm sure Rob zombie _did_ try to get _Dragula_ for this but it was tied-up in contracts with _The Matrix_
This looks horrible. I saw an ad I didn’t click on but it’s so much worse…
@RedLetterMedia  I Hereby Formally Commission RLM to Watch Phil Tippet's stop-motion film: "MAD GOD"...  on Mushrooms.  🍄.    I DARE YOU to Review this Monstrosity.
If they leave it in black and white it will definitely be an upgrade.
My take is that this is part of the ongoing evolution of pseudo-sarcastic millenial/zoomer comedy into an inversion of itself. "Wouldn't it be funny if ROB ZOMBIE made a family-friendly Munsters movie or something?", but without the implicit understanding that that barely-a-joke really only works as a theoretical scenario.  I'm guessing the way to sell that to out of touch investors is to point to its meme potential, completely misunderstanding the whole concept of a meme.   We live in a post Ultra Instinct Shaggy era now, corporations are going to be going for stuff like this more and more soon, I'd wager.
Imagine if it ends up being great and ever one is slating it just off the trailer and it ends up being a cult classic 😆 anything s possible
Wonder if they were forced to make a Musters movie in order to remain rights to the IP, so they just threw something out there.  I hear that is the reason some of the latest Hellraiser films were as bad as they were.
Brad Garrett should have been Herman.
I'm surprised Jay didn't mention the way Sylvester McCoy seems cut from the trailer. That is, but for a line in a scene with grandpa which almost seems cropped to not show McCoy (He doesn't even get a mention in the second trailer, where cameos from folks like Butch Patrick are mentioned). McCoy isn't A-list, but probably still the biggest name in the cast after doing Peter Jackson's The Hobbit and Doctor Who in the title role back in the 80s. It almost seems like he was hoodwinked into this thinking it was a bigger film, and when he realized what it was, asked he be cut from promotion and marketing. 🤔
YouTube unsubbed me from your channel
Shout-out to Elvira for being the OG big tiddy goth girl.
They did Smells Like Teen Spirit in the beginning of Black Widow for some reason
Rob Zombie totally edited the trailer and it shows
The title font is designed for people with dyslexia. To make reading easier. Monsters.
Looks like a local CTV commercial for a haunted house at six flags.
I grew up watching the Munsters in black and white, so I'm at least interested in this, but I suppose we'll see how it turns out. Probably not good.
Everyone: What will we meme on now that Morbius is all played out? Rob Zombie: Hold my "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown!" collector's glass, I've got an idea!
If you watch it in black and white, it actually looks amazing. Like it was from the era of the original show. Wish they'd stuck with that.
Looks better then She hulk
The devil can't create anything new, it can only destroy, disturb and despoil. The devil of course here is the studio(s).
Just from that text intro I was getting huge porn parody vibes. From the fonts the editing it just seems so much it's The Munsters a xxx parody.
It's Munstering time!
I had a better idea for a Kindergarten Cop 2 which would also be a sequel to The Goonies, playing off the fact that both are set in Astoria. The Fratelli boys are looking for a new surrogate mom since their actual mom died while they were in prison, and at the same time the evil grandma who was the mom of the main antagonist in Kindgerten Cop adopts them as her new crime sons, so they join forces to get revenge on their respective enemies, hunting down and kidnapping most of the Goonies as well as Arnold's love interest/wife from Kindergarten Cop and trying to get her kid to join up with them. Arnold teams up with Sloth and now grown-up Chunk to save everyone.  At one point, a flak vest-wearing Chunk will use the truffle shuffle to actually deflect bullets like in that classic gif which spliced him together with footage of Captain Picard firing a tommy gun in Star Trek: First Contact.  Also there would be cameos by Ally Sheedy as her character from Short Circuit and the kid and/or whale from Free Willy since, as I recall, both those featured the house in which Arnold's love interest in Kindergarten Cop lived.  Astoria, Oregon Cinematic Universe!
It's being released on Netflix
it looks dogshit
Funny enough Mike, Rob Zombie worked on Pee-Wee’s Playhouse early in his career
I LOVED the TV show and the actors could not be topped but it's like they weren't even trying here. Horrible choices for all  of the characters.. obviously the guy playing grandpa isn't bad but why in the hell does he have a mustache? Really? Count Dracula with a mustache???
That Unhinged joke was pretty epic!
“No Reason”my ass! Rob Zombie is a genius for this! And it’s Ghoulardi
more like 'Doug Walkers The Munsters'
Movies these days feel like people playing at being actors not even characters. Did covid kill expertise and taste in Hollywood?
The Munsters: Because _The Addams Family_ wasn't on and there's nothing better to watch.
The review we have all been waiting for. Nobody wants rlm to review strange new worlds.
Give me some slowed down rock songs used in movie trailers! I’ll start: the Pink Floyd Eclipse rendition used in Dune
Watching it I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop, like this is a joke right? We're going to cut to the actual trailer soon right? Seems maybe Rob is surrounded by too many Yes men and not enough This is fucking trash Rob! men.
The big twist is Rob Zombie is Pee wee Herman
They slowed down Smells Like Teen Spirit also. Female singer. Recently. I forget for which tv show or movie. But someone definitely did.
💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
I think Black Widow had the slow version of Smells Like Teen Spirit Mike was thinking of.
This trailer looks like a 2016 Cinamassacre video
And you think there will be an ADR phase for this thing😆
Your "bad trailer" actually sounds good. Lol they could make a metal/grunge comedy thing kind of like a tamer version of Metalocalypse, at least in the same spirit.
It’s called kerning
I don't know anything about Rob Zombies music but as filmmaker he's terrible. His movies are atrocious.
The castle music from Cursed Commercials would be an improvement.
I'm not sure I'm into this sequel to The Mask.
Looks like my house cost more than this movie.
Somehow he spent 40 million dollars on this movie.. 🤔
Dear rob zombie. Stop. Full send.
FoR tHe AlGoRiThM
I had less than zero interest in this before but I kinda wanna watch it now haha
Very cool
Rob Zombie movies all look like cult movies for people who don't like cult movies but like the idea of liking cult movies.
I legit thought that was a fake trailer. I
I actually can't wait .I'm all for it.i might be the only one.but.. I hope it's not as bad as holloween remake.and never saw the second one lol
Are you guys going to revisit The Orville?  For the most part, Season 3 Orville is to Season 1 Orville as Season 3 TNG is to Season 1 TNG...
This trailer could have been passable if it was put in black and white....But yet again the rest of the  editing is pretty awful
It made me go back and watch Munsters Today. Which was a great throwback
rob zombie --- guest on Plinketto #11 --- book it!!!!
"Who is this for?" It's for Rob Zombie. That's it.
I've used 2 of those dumb fonts you talked about designing gig posters for punk & rock shows in Chicago 23 years ago. They we're fairly cool then.
Super weird that they didn't notice the font was obviously intended to match the Universal Pictures font at the beginning of the trailer.
Got to give it to Mrs. Zombie for still being a sexy mama in current year.
WHY DOES NO ONE MENTION THAT THE INTRO VOICEOVER FUCKING PEAKS AND POPS???!!!! EDIT: Ah, he finally said it halfway through.
I'm more surprised about the fact that no one's mentioning that this trailer is just a reference to the show's intro, but...
The Munsters was on television 60 years ago.  60 years.  This is where the film comes from.
Looks like a stupid Tim Burton movie.
13:13 - describes everything Rob Zombie has ever done.
It looks to be the same quality as Big Bad Beetleborgs.
if Rob got to make an autobiography on Dame Judi Dench you know he would cast Sheri Moon Zombie in the lead role
if the trailer is that bad, the film must be atrocious
". . . . he didn't use Dragula. . . " lol
even when 'cop and a half' half assed it, it was still three quarters cop
Honestly my only hope for this movie is that Rob Zombie takes some of Universal's money.
i think some people just love trash. and that people is Rob Zombie
You know it's bad when the only points you can give are for the things they didn't do.
Tim Burton at his absolute worst would make a better version of this
I could'nt agree more . The Thanksgiving day trailer by Eli Roth , is his best work.
rob zombie's been trying to get this movie made for over 20 years. i'm not saying he's a good filmmaker or that this is going to be anything worth watching, but you'd think film critics would take 10 seconds to read wikipedia before launching into inaccurate speculation
i garentee this movie is a scam and he is pocketing all the money or paying it all to his wife and pocketing the money that way its a huge scam - even the audio sounds worse then a utube video
Ya, things are getting tougher all over - even with bigshot spooky directors -  I hear John Carpenter is gonna be doing The Addams Family. (KIdding - I hope.)  😎
The guy on the left is so awkward…
Rob Zombie (Cummings) worked on set design for Pee-Wee's Playhouse so what Mike said makes sense.
"as soon as you uprooted my life" i think was the line
It looks like something that would’ve played on The Family Channel back in the 90’s…actually I think they had an Addam’s Family series that looked exactly like this.
I think Herman Munster's line is "...since you appeared in my life"....maybe he was supposed to be drunk, and coupled with the awful audio just really fucked that part up.
I couldn't help but be reminded of the Resident Evil movie series where Paul W.S. Anderson kept making them because they made a bunch of money and his spouse Mila Jovovich played the lead, so they could both grab a paycheque each time they made one. Pretty lucrative. If the Rob Zombie Munsters movie universe expands to 6 or 7 movies I'll truly lose all my remaining hope for society.
"you could, I just did it" lmao you tell him Mike
this movie looks worse than repo the genetic opera.
"Destruction Babies". Do it.
Mike was right smells like teen spirit was redone and slowed down for the black widow opening
The trailer feels like a porn parody of The Munsters
The slow version of Smells Like Teen Spirit featured as the opening credits for Marvel's Black Widow film, so not that surprising you forgot which film it was.   Does seem like Rob Zombie basically makes films for his wife and friends to star in because he can, I mean it's pretty cool that he gives his friends and people he admires work, whether the film will appeal to anybody else doesn't seem to really factor into things.
Looks like Goth Lazy Town.
I’ve been waiting years for a talented director to do a Munsters  movie and when I heard Rob Zombie was making one I knew I’d have to wait even longer.
I think Mike may have been thinking about Black Widow for the Nirvana song cover. It wasn’t in a trailer but it was in the opening credits and it was pretty strange.
0:58 I work at a local TV station and we usually get multiple versions of trailers that isolates certain audio (sound effects, dialogue, music, transition effects). They do this to make it easier for us to edit our own videos. That one seemed to only use dialogue and transition effects. I think a lot of those voices were only used for the trailer and would probably get drowned out by the sound effects and music. I've seen some versions of trailers that sound janky like that for that reason. It's interesting that they don't get leaked more often.
Didn’t think it would come to this but I’m done handling Rob Zombie with kid gloves. He’s never been a good director and his movies are all -ALL stinkers.  Be honest. I can’t fake it and be on the fence anymore - I can’t take up for him anymore after this trailer. This is embarrassing . I don’t care if he likes the same monster movies & TV shows I do.  Sorry Rob but I can’t do this anymore hahaha He is the modern day Ed Wood Just no one has the guts to tell him
95% of the movies where they bring back an old comedy group/show 50 years later with new actors all turn out this shitty. The Three Stooges movie from like 2012 was the last one I'd say was semi decent at capturing the essence of the original.
It looks like the 90s Munsters reboot.
Tell me Jay, what exactly are "gritty hard-R movies"?
“The greatest story ever told.”   Cue *FART* @13:59   🤣😂🤣😂
The fat makeup on Mike looks amazing
Did they just have the rights to "the Munsters" and they were going to expire?
This would be like if they had the trailer for Lord of the Rings and they were like "From Peter Jackson, director of Meet the Feebles, Bad Taste and Dead Alive, comes an adventure for the whole family"...
More like Hilarious House of Frankenstein than The Munsters TV show.
I'm laughing so hard! And I'm not even 2 minutes in to this video! "I was confused about the font" "I took notes! I took notes on everything wrong" (Pulls phone out fully prepared to torch this trailer) LMAO
ok but all of that is obviously intentional, no?
I feel like this was intended to be in black and white. There's already a black and white edit of the trailer that looks/feels 100 times better. I would put money down that Rob Zombie wanted to make it as close to the original show as possible, but one of the studio's stipulations was that it had to be in color for marketability purposes. This is happening a lot more frequently than you might realize. Shape of Water, Nightmare Alley, Logan and Parasite were all supposed to be in black in white, but that idea was shut down by the studios. On the other hand we have Mank, The Lighthouse, Roma and most of The French Dispatch. All of those movies got away with it. Visually, this movie looks like garbage. Why does it look like garbage? It's over lit. The main drawback in shooting in black and white film is the amount of extra lighting you need. Sure, it's odd that the lighting used is so colorful, but I wouldn't be surprised if Rob Zombie did this intentionally. There are so many stories from past films where the producers/studio makes silly demands that the director then "follows" as poorly as possible so the director can do what they originally wanted. This usually back fires. A very famous example is the narration in the theatrical version of Blade Runner. It was bad on purpose. It wasn't supposed to be seen. I propose that this is what Rob Zombie was doing. The colors are gaudy on purpose, and it's still over lit. This SHOULD have made the producers think twice about the use of color, while making it easy to convert to black and white in post. But we all know how smart producers are, so it's still coming to us in color.  I'm going to set my tv to black and white to watch this when it comes out. I hope others do the same. It doesn't feel fair to watch it otherwise.
they did that slow covering with nirvana in the new batman🦇
40 million budget! 🤣🤣🤣Was this made by the government?
This is Rob Zombie's Spy Kids
Ron Perlman should have played Herman
The post-ironic schlock is the joke. Don't be spoil sports. It's Rob Z having fun. It may be a one trick pony, but so what?
You guys act surprised. This is exactly what I expected from Zombie: Trashy, embarrassing, and garish.
@ 10:07  Fun Fact: *Rob worked for Pee Wee in NYC during the first season of The Pee-wee Herman Show*
That stupid teen spirit song they were talking about was in the new peter pan movie. The one with Jackman
Should have been in black and white, I put the trailer in black and white and it looked fine
Mike, the term is not "metalify" it's "metalize"!
When i saw the trailer for the first time i thought it was a joke/fan made thing - kind of making fun of the fact that Hollywood reboot anything. THought it was good quality for a fan made thing. Then i found it was real and my only questions was "how is it so bad looking"
No. No more 60's remakes. Or 70's remakes. Or 80's remakes. Just no more remakes, I'm done.
Excuse me, the Munsters movie is using the Banjo Kazooie font?
I just want to believe the color scheme lends itself to RZ intending to release this movie in black and white, but the studio balked. It's not a good sign with the theaters open that this film is getting day and date streaming and DVD release and limited theatrical. This is a $40 million dollar movie we're talking about.
They filmed this for 10 months!! Nothing good can come from that!
It looks like a no-budget made-for-TV movie from the late 80s/early 90s. And while those can be charming, this looks awful. It doesn't help that nothing presented in it is actually funny
"The Munsters" can't be remade! Ever!! By anyone!!!
What if he spent a few million on this trailer and it's actually a dark horror movie. Its frikkin Rob zombie
that slowed down smells like teen spirit was the opening of black widow. it was difficult to listen to.
Rob Zombies wife is a atrocious actress.💩
It's funny that he mentions Pee-wee Herman since Rob Zombie worked on set design on Pee-wee's Playhouse
I still have no idea why he didn't just recreate the opening from the show.
Has anyone ever really given a damn about this show or dedicated 10 seconds to thinking about it? Answer: No.
45 million?
How dare you besmirch the name of Dragula.
Please be sure and watch the movie too--i want an update ^^
this all started because robs wife was Elvira for halloween last year... and she nailed it.
A rock version of the Munsters theme would actually be pretty lit, and I don't even like the Munsters. I only know the song because of Fallout Boy sampling it for Uma Thurman.
The sad thing is I feel The Munsters are in better hands than what's being done with the Addams Family.
The makeup and costume work for Herman is on point, but holy shit the acting is AWFUL.
Yet again another fantastical fart noise seeing the end of the segment out 👏
I think it was meant to be black and white. Check out the trailer in monochrome and suddenly the crazy contrast actually helped the characters stand out. That's how black and white movies were filmed.
this is why i stopped watching movies
Was 1440 named after the budget they give to these movies?
Honestly, this movie SHOULD be in black and white!
This looks like a pile of crap.
This film is going to be absolutely awful!
I refused to watch this trailer after seeing just the stills of this. Somehow Rob Zombie made a Munsters reboot that looks shittier than a campy 60s show. I guess that's befitting, given the Munsters was made only as a shitty competition to the Addams Family show. "Oh hey, Charles Addams is getting a show treatment of his old comic strip, and it's a macabre but wholesome family. Screw that noise, we're Universal, we can make that show with licensed rip offs of actual monster characters people know!"  Now the Director of a 1000 Corpses is trying to do a low budget homage to that concept. This is actually more painful than the horrid TV movie Addams Family followup to the show; look up "Halloween with the New Addams Family" if you hate yourself enough. It's a weird ass 11-year reunion TV special of the original show. Except that had the excuse of being a 70s reunion TV movie to a 60s niche sitcom. We're in the 2020s and we're getting this?  It's weird to think 10 years ago, we got a gritty Munsters remake, "Mockingbird Lane" by Bryan Fuller. Is this a sign that we've officially tapped out of gritty remakes, and we're overcorrecting by doing horribly campy remakes?
I wish they kept these characters...but trying to survive a real movie! But go from campy to gory.
"As soon as you appeared in my mind"
Rob got RLM to make a 14 minute trailer for him.
It's the Ecco the Dolphin font!
You guys should do a review of the lighthouse amazing movie but sadly overshadowed by the joker 😢
He said " as soon as you appeared in my life" that was the gargled speech
smells like teen spirit was played in the opening of the Black Widow movie!!!
"As soon as you a pruned of my life?"    Approved?
you're telling me the guy that made those White Zombie records made something with bad sound?........shocking
Another thing made that nobody wants, asked for or cares about for the sake of putting content on something, somewhere?  I'm in.  And by in I mean I'm going to rewatch Final Space again.  How does shit keep getting green lit and Final Space got canned?  The world is fucking weird.  I blame Rich.
It feels like they were making the movie and then found out someone else was doing the same thing so they rushed out whatever they could put together just to be the first. Or maybe they needed to make something to keep in line with some contract somewhere that will make the IP public domain unless they put something out like they did with Fan Four.
For a second, I thought that was Charles Bronson on the cover of Cop and a Half 2.
Judging by the trailer i would think the titel would be « meet the munster dick»
I'm apparently the only person in the world who knows that the name "Dragula" comes from an episode of The Munsters.
This movie looks good
The saturated colors remind me of Batman & Robin . I agree, would be better in black & white
OH! i forgot about this one, perfect halloween junk for halloween this year! thanks Rob Zombie!
Herman is all wrong. His face, voice, mannerisms!!  I like Rob Zombie and his enthusiasm for this kinda material...but it's very off putting   being a fan of the original TV series.
Is it just me or did this episode have realy bad sound?
The original also looked a lot better in black & white, which is telling. This just looks silly. They tried to get Mel Brooks to do Young Frankenstein in color, "we'll take the color out later," but he knew no way they'd do a black and white if they had color, and that was 50 years ago. So no chnace anyone takes that bold a try now.
please talk about no way home i need someone to tell me what to think
He better use dragula
I think halloweentown has better production values
“Soyeez zo greesh mama” Herman Munster
House of 1000 Corpses is The Texas Chainsaw Massacre for dum-dums. There I said it.
10:58 The Nirvana Song In The Batman CaN YoU rEVieW THe BaTmAN?
Link me to the trailer cliches video. Please!
Smell like teen spirit from black widow. What Mike was thinking about.
They had a sad 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' cover at the start of Black Widow
The old music trend is not done yet… Please see the awful black panther 2 trailer lol
This looks like a direct to video holiday special that was released in the 80’s 😂
I’m saying this as a professional film Director I hate to say it but Rob zombie’s new film looks like absolute trash. The cinematography is horrible. Looks like something I was produced for Sesame Street. Or like some raging film school student thinking they could re-create something that was shot from the 1960s. Seriously it looks just awful.
This makes the Addams family look like citizen Kane
Lowres
This is a dream sequence, that ends with Muldoon and Toody in a 1970's gritty, "Grindhouse- Serpico" vibe reboot of "Car 54, where are you?"
2:40 So so, Jay. First Lovecraft's cat and now "gritty ... hard R movies", eh ;D
I still think RZ is fucking with us. This can impossibly be the movie.  The funniest thing, however, are the comments on his Insta celebrating the "stunning look" of it.  Go check them out, if you have fans/friends like this, you don't need enemies :D
This movie literally looks like Thankskilling or Evil Bong.
I’ve never seen a trailer that has made me want to avoid a movie more than this.
This thing cost 40 million to make I don’t see where the money went whatsoever
The reason why the colors or any colors in 1960's TV shows were so bright and distinct was the poor camera quality. All the colors would run together and look like a Picasso otherwise. Also why they had stage makeup. Again when you only had 5 pixels to work with the faces would look like a blurry mess without it.
Font is Skia :)
7:23 "[as] soon as you appeared in my life"
I think Herman is saying "As soon as you appeared in my life"?? 7:20
Has rob zombie ever made a decent film ?
"There's your....food....mumma" At least , I heard that ....but he also handed her a bunch of flowers so who the hell knows heh
It kinda reminded me of that first Jim Varney movie, Dr. Otto and the Riddle of the Gloom Beam.
The TV series was campy and, frankly, not to be taken seriously. So why are you taking this trailer seriously? And why was this video recommended to me?
i just want this to not flop so universal must give millions again to rob zombie
Surprised it isn’t Universal 420 Entertainment
How does Robb zombie keep getting work? Does he have some sort of kompromat on every Hollywood executive in the business? If they HAVE to bring back the Munsters,(and they really don’t) so many good writers out there could have pitched a better Munsters movie than this and so many more talented directors and editors could have been given their break on the project, but no. Here we have a metal musician playing at being a director/editor/producer  and giving all the roles to his mates and thinking he’s a great auteur misunderstood in his own time. Man needs an intervention. Or maybe some work experience shadowing an actual director.
A trailer is to get people talking about the product and get attention and this trailer definitely has so it did it's job
Those titles are like a high school exam project
Someone remix Dragula with Mike doing the chorus
Do netflix resident evil next :)
I’m gonna be honest, I’m actually surprised it took this long to be made. If we wanna dig up old corpses. Bring on the Gilligan’s Island movie. I’ll just sit right back and hear the tale.
It's for Rob Zombie. like tom Green making freddy got fingered. Rob Zombie managed to convince a studio to let him make a movie for himself.  Or it's a tax thing.
It took me a few days to make the connection, but I think the biggest problem I have with the visual is that it reminds me PRECISELY of the look and feel of Nostalgia Critic skits that would pointlessly pad his video times.  (aside: man I hate that guy's stuff.)
Eh I'd rather have him ruin the Munsters than the Addams family.
Boys season 3 rich and jay talk?
This looks like one of those bad late 1970s or 1980s Made for TV reboots the would have done of the Munsters.
Hollywood truly is bankrupt not only of morals, but of ideas as well.
The Smoke on the Water version for the latest Hellboy movie...
there's no right for dumb bitches to kill their children.
Another example of the slowed down 90s grunge rock is the trailer for the watchmen movie. Smashing pumpkins song - the beginning is the end or something. I liked that trailer
Hopefully Universal 1440 will go the way of Warner Premiere.
Straight to.... dvd? Netflix? That's not what this movie was hyped up to be - a theater ticket and popcorn.
This isn’t the first time universal didn’t theatrical release his film. House of 1,000 corpses and they actually dropped the movie and it went to lions gate
2:58 No, Jay. I dont think you do get the joke. See, the Munster's were originally a spoof of old characters like Frankenstein, Dracula, and The Wolfman. Which were all (at the time) considered to be adult horror films. They were just made wholesome to be a parody of those.   i agree with Mike, maybe a more Fred Gwynn sounding V.O. actor could step in and could ADR Herman's lines or something. but the new guy definitely has the look, but NOT the voice.  also, i LOVE to have this argument with people, but the mad scientist WAS the monster.
Not "For some reason." As soon as I saw that trailer I was like... this is 100% deserving of a RLM reaction.
What if it’s intentionally campy?
Personally, I think the movie will look pretty good 😎💯
Could be wrong, but wasn't Mike correctly thinking of Smells Like Teen Spirit from during the opening credits of Black Widow?
Shit looks cheap as shit. Should have kept it in Black and White. I know this is on a budget but damn.  I heard Zombie and Munsters and got excited and then I saw this. It's like he is going backwards as a filmmaker. Roebuck seems great as Grandpa but I'll skip this for sure.
"Who is this for?" it's for Rob Zombie.  Dude loves The Munsters so much.  I'm just happy the dude's getting the chance to work on one of his dream projects.  Yeah the trailer's weird though.
at 10:56 I think mike was actually thinking of the opening to Black Widow, which did feature the sad slow cover of Smells Like Teen Spirit.
Thanks, don't think I'll have to watch it now
This movie/trailer is so odd looking and the fact that it looks so much better in black n white makes me wonder if it was shot with black and white in mind but Universal demanded color
this movie looks exactly what i find funny. if the trailer has all the funny parts it will suck but im excited to watch it. it reminds me of like an irl scooby doo cartoon
I watched The Munsters when I was a kid (as I often tell my daughter, there were only three channels). Beyond "normies react to the monster family" I don't have any memory of what the show was. Probably just that. Kind of how I remember The Addams Family. However, I have seen the Addams Family movies a few times recently (daughter is a horror fan), and they are good. Better than I thought at first viewing when new. The first one opens with them on the roof pouring boiling water on Christmas carolers. What's not to like?
Heh. its been a while since i saw something so bad i want to see it. This will be brilliant.
Rob Zombie probably did this because he thought it would be funny to do his version of a family friendly property and universal approved because they saw free money. Unfortunately, no one else thought it was funny and now it has to release.
I saw the trailer and  asked "is Rob Zombie O. K.?"
@5:03 Theres no echo in this trailer. Youre talking about REVERB. Grampa sounds like he recorded it in a phone booth
This movie looks like a disaster and I am ready to watch it and enjoy every moment of how bad it is.
They could have made the movie about their TV show being made, while they try and live their lives.  However, you have the TV show in color, and the rest of the movie revolving around their lives is in black and white. Simple.  Majority of the "movie" is in b/w.
You could i just did it
My voiceover for this : "From the man who made you crap your pants every time you heard another halloween sequel was going to be released comes a film , running shit up your nostrils till you can breather no more excavates a 60's campy relic that should have been left a little bit longer in the unsettled earth before a camera was let near a stage .. and here we are with the once white zombie taking on such rich fodder that would make Mary Shelly call for no more callbacks or a casting couch of the damned ..."  "The Munsters ?!!?"
It looks like dogshit. But I will enjoy your full review later this year...
Universal made this to extend their ownership of the copyright.
"as soon as you appeared in my life" is what herman is saying when he hands her the flowers.
I've been hating on you guys a lot lately, and I stand by my opinions. you seem to just despise everything and are coming across as creativity snobs who think they know better than the movie makers, rather than reviewing a film with an even hand, everything is neg neg neg. And that's like, your opinion, man. But I went and watched this trailer after seeing the first minute of this video and yeah, I totally agree. This looks like a complete ball of shit. Worst part for me is Hermans voice, too high pitched. Grandpa seems fairly spot on though. I'll probably watch it, because I loved the Munsters back when I was a bairn. I didn't watch the '95 movie. If it isn't Fred Gwynne, it isn't Herman IMO.
You hack frauds. Make more episodes about star trek
At the end of the video when it repeats the trailer voice over saying "The greatest love story ever told", I heard in my head Harry S Plinkett saying that he likes to f**k his cat.... I think that would have been better. Jay should re-upload with that change.
I figure the Rob Zombie hook is for all the Zombiettes out there that have kids now and want to bring their kid to a movie and have fun themselves.
I think mike was miscorrected 10:56 wasn’t it that terrible Peter Pan reboot that had smells like teens spirit.
Yes you can, I just did it.
The Gallows trailer has a creepy Smells Like Teen Spirit cover
I hate RZ movies with every cell in my body, he relies on 3 tropes.  Shaky camera work, unnecessary blood/gore and F-bombs/bad dialogue.  But......that being said I'm interested in this because it's PG and he has to rely on being an actual filmmaker and prove he's as good as he thinks he is.  He's a fan of the original material and it seems like a love letter to the series.  I have hope but not much.
I think this qualifies as a half in the bag?
what about the dragon in the staircase?
Kids these days think the Munsters theme is ripped off from Fall Out Boy
The line was "soon as you appeared in my life" I think
Lame, I love it. Sorry 🤷🏽‍♂️
This video  already has more views than the actual trailer 😂
The rootbeer commercial was better produced and shot.
Its munsters time
I'm pretty sure this is 100% intentional. Not saying it's good but it feels like it's being TOO loyal to the source material. A lot of this feels deliberate. This doesn't mean it's good, but I think that makes it more fascinating.
It's really weird because I think that Rob Zombie projects an image that he understands the language of old school cinema, but he literally does not
I think that it's target demographic is specifically aimed at granddad, who's feeling nostalgic for his childhood. its to take the grand kids to the cinema to watch the crap that the TV used to serve up to grandad's generation lol. (Much the same as the Addams Family movies....it's aimed at the SAME PEOPLE....but 25+ years later...and instead of taking their kids to the cinema, it's the grand kids now.....doesn't time fly ha)
As soon as you appeared in my life
Its purposefully corny and shitty and it's ultimately not intended for children. These are how movies used to be in the early 2000s I think hes just aiming for low budget.
I can't wait to see it :)
All the dialogue includes all the set sounds like footsteps and stuff in the mix. It genuinely sounds like a home movie.
A slow down version of smells like teen spirit was used in the beginning of Black Widow
well, after you pay yourself $20M and your wife $10M and each of your friends $3M from the $40M budget, you only have $50K to shoot and edit the movie
Jay: (reaches into back pocket) I TOOK NOTES! I took notes!  Me: (expecting to see several pages of crumples notebook paper)  I forgot Mike is elderly and Jay isnt
It's weird, right? Because yes, the original Munsters show was goofy and silly and light-hearted and, well, I wouldn't call it "cheap" but it didn't have, like, a prime-time budget (but it also wasn't Sid & Marty Krofft, either), and for a considerable portion of the trailer it looks like Robert Zombie understands that. But then how crummy everything looks is what makes it, yeah, look like a commercial for Pepsi than a feature film (that and Jeff Daniel Phillips as Herman is, honestly, plain awful and nowhere near the same chops as Fred Gwynne's Herman [but that being said, Daniel Roebuck as Granpda seems spot on and Sheri Moon even does that classic hold-her-hands-up-and-blink-while-poking-her-head-around thing that Yvonne de Carlo did, so they're solid as far as I'm concerned]). While I understand trailers lie and the movie itself could be different, I think changing it to black and white and adding film grain while ever so slightly blurring the picture could work wonders for this, just to give it that *authentic* feeling. It'll still have Phillips in it but who knows, maybe he's perfectly competent in the film proper.  But, like with most (all) things nowadays focusing on "Remember THING??1?" this trailer has just made me want to go back and watch the original Munsters rather than this movie :/
LIGHT Eddie Munster and CAST my wife Sherri as I SLAM in the back of my director's CHAAAIR!
After 25 years, if there’s not material made for an IP, then it automatically falls into the public domain. This is why there’s an intermittent film made as cheaply as possible every so often, b.c the rights are about to lapse.
I'm pretty sure that font is the same one used on the poster for The Room
Its being released by Universal 1440 entertainment....All they do is release straight to DVD crap like Kindergarden Cop 2, Bulletproof 2, R.I.PD 2 Scorpion King 2-4....There was never any intention for The Munsters to be a theatrical release, it was obviously always meant for Peacock.  Im assuming that Universal 1440 entertainment were the ones who released the trailer, Rob Zombie hadn't even finished filming the movie when it was released. Everything he had been teasing on Instagram and whatnot was all black and white.
I'm so sick of yor farts! Yor goddamn farts!
It looks like a George Kuchar trailer/picture and I’m sold! I was anticipating Jay bringing Kuchar up in this particular circumstance given his love and knowledge of John Waters but perhaps that was too niche a hope.. At any rate Rob Zombie definitely edited the thing and I’m super interested in this upcoming picture
Looks like Lithos Pro Black
It doesn’t look like a movie. It looks like a crappy video or a kids sequel to Verotica. I thought this was independently released at the end of the trailer, forgetting that universals logo is right at the opening.
Did you know this movie cost $40 million to make???
Myself, not being a professional in any field pertaining to film.. I watched the trailer and just thought "this sounds weird and looks weird"
This is a prime example of "just because you can, doesn't mean you should." The only thing that even comes kind of close is Daniel Roebuck. I mean, the original Munsters knew what it was. They were the normal family but they weren't normal and it didn't even dawn on them that they were the weirdos. This is... I don't really know what this is... it's mesmerizing for all the wrong reasons.
Mike should have been cast as Herman. He’s got the forehead for it.
Rob zombie's movies always look like the definition of nausea.
I immediately recognized the font as that used in the menus of the hit 2000 game Ecco the Dolphin: Defender of the Future.
It looks like the Jurassic Park font but just white??
Aesthetically reminds me of Bone Chillers, my favorite terrible 90s Goosebumps ripoff.
There was a shitty Smells Like Teen Spirit cover in Black Widow, sure that's not what Mike was thinking of?
I am still waiting for a movie with a trailer like this that's all innocent but when you go see the film it's like House of a thousand corpses
Mike saying that the movie looks like it was directed by Pee-Wee Herman, actually reminded me that Rob Zombie worked on the Pee-Wee Herman Saturday morning show. He designed the sets and props. You can actually see the similarities on his older album covers he did the art work for, because it's such a similar style.
But... Your talking about it. Brilliant!
The font is called Lithograph by the way
It's almost indescribably bad parody in  the worst  way
Whenever I see horrible cheap garbage get made by "professionals" I find it inspirational. Like if these people can be successful with absolute trash, then someone putting in some actual talent can make it.
This  video had a higher budget than the movie.
It looks like a trailer for the release of a straight to DVD movie that you’d see before watching Beverly Hills Chihuahua 3
10:50 There was a slower version of Smells Like Teen Spirit in the opening sequence of Black Widow.
The visuals are repellant.
Believe it or not, this film cost 40 million, whereas most A24 films cost half the budget and look infinitely better. WHERE DID THE BUDGET GO??
Gwar videos have more artistic integrity
I don’t watch any of these movies. I barely watch movies. But I watch Red Letter Media. I do that because they are smart, eloquent, humorous, and they straddle the line between being too serious and not serious enough. I’m sure this is not a new thought about RLM. Keep on keep trucking.
Recommended for best of the worst: Gerald Okamura in The Master Demon (1991)
I heard the Original Munsters got canceled for being in the same time slot as Star Trek….. This trailer is better than current Star Trek
I don’t know how anyone can say this is the worst trailer when Where the Crawdads Sing exists
it looks too much like a nostalgia critic review of the munsters
I'll watch it. Tired of big budget shlak. Looks very intentional, almost post satire.
Can't wait for the dark reboot of I Dream of Jeannie.
As a massive Rob Zombie fan, it really looks like a steaming shiite film, sad to say :(
Are you guys going to talk about Crimes of the Future, or are you still waiting for Cronenberg to write an ending for it?
rob zombie  should just stick to music.
I saw Rob Zombie live two days ago and they played the trailer in the middle of his set.  The 15,000 person crowd didn't really know how to react.
Rob Zombie has sworn off horror movies. He actually wants to make a baseball movie next.
You guys really been lacking on the content
Y'all didn't ask who is doing the voice over. Because if I had to guess it's Zombie himself.
this has probably been said 1000 times but god damn does Rob Zombie's directing career make me appreciate his music more. still trash though.
Mike actually was referencing the Batman's slowed down Nirvana, but caught himself in the edit. You may not have noticed, but your brain did.
It looks like an episode of MST3K
Addams family was always better
Jay took notes….. on his phone?    Amateur   Mike would have it all written out and typed ON PAPER
Me: I'm almost 40, I should really start spending my time more wisely.  Also me: Oh look, Mike and Jay are talking about the Munsters trailer.
Reminded me of an episode of like goosebumps or are you afraid of the dark.
I don’t know why I kept keeping wishbone flashback durning this
This movie looks like a live action Saturday morning show from the 90s like power rangers.
The slowed down “smells like teen spirit” was the trailer for The Gallows
The appeal of The Munsters was having these really happy go lucky characters, but they still lived in a typical monster house and looked like typical monsters themselves. Kinda like The Addams family, though they were more macabre in their attitudes. Why ruin that with all the neon colors? It looks like a bottom of the barrel kid's film, where the movie sucks, so they use bright colors to appeal to toddlers.
Surely Mike was thinking of the opening to Black Widow, not the trailer for Unhinged.
Jay objectively nails it down at the end!
I own Kindergarten Cop 2 on DVD. It's moderately amusing.
I haven't seen Black Panther but... Wakanda Forever, bro!
This feels like "The Munsters via Party City."
There's a heavy metal version of the Munsters theme, uploaded 6 years ago, on YouTube.
I need my BOTW fix guys c'mon I'm itchy
I was hoping for the 1991/1993 Addams Family movie level of horror.  PG-13 in a sense.  This movie is basically a live action Saturday Morning Cartoon that captures none of the charm of the first television airings or follow up movies the origional actors done.
Rob zombie needs to stop
I'm waiting for red letter media to produce there own movie. Oh I forgot they just do YouTube 😅
This trailer looks like they got rich to throw something together in an afternoon 😆
This trailer has the same energy of some of those shitty SNL skits
It just reminded me of Lazytown
“Directed by PeeWee Herman” slayed me.
Too-colorful spot lighting coming from every direction. Rob Zombie is trapped in the 90s and this trailer is his cry for help.
*"The Devil's Reject's" is Rob Zombie's best film, because it is his only truly original film.*
Imagine if Jim Morrison had reached middle age and become a terrible film maker.
And we all thought the Dark Universe was never going to happen
Didn't Rob Zombie get his start on Peewee's Playhouse?
Rob Zombie is clearly a fan of the show can everyone wait to see what the film is like before judging
I really hope it comes out and proves to be great.. personally I think Zombie's weakest film is 31 and even that was good for what it was.. Really want this to prove the critics wrong, and gets him a budget to do a big gruesome horror film
i feel like this "trailer" is a fake. the real movie will be more like his other movies.
I for one, am excited for this new installment in the MCU!!
pan.. demic?
The garbled line is, "As soon as you appeared, Mama."
I think Rob Zombie edited one of his recent (2021?) music videos. It looks as you would expect from watching this trailer.
Maybe this is similar to Deadpool. The trailer got leaked which got it uncancelled. Maybe this was going to be shelved too, so Rob Zombie quickly "finished" the trailer and sent it to people on twitter to release to try and drum up support.
It seems very colorful for a black and white show.
This seems like one of those things a company poops out to refresh the rights to the IP.
I wouldn't be surprised if it was made for black and white and all the weird lighting was used because they didn't think it was going to be released in color.
This seems like it would fit in well on Disney Channel along side their Zombie movies... The acting, production and color are on par... Zero interest.
we are very understaffed and they refuse to hire more people so that's why this stuff happens
Oh man... why isn’t anyone talking about this Munsters trailer... (opens YouTube) ahh... always rely on RedLetterMedia
I feel like I'm the only huge Munsters fan who is still alive (aside from apparently Rob Zombie), but I'm so fucking hyped for this. The trailer is a mess. Also, Herman Munster in the original series looks identical to Jeremy Clarkson, and I hope I'm not the only one who has noticed that.
Why does the whole trailer look and feel like its a parallel universe WandaVision?
I'm somewhat surprised this video wasn't called "I guess we can't avoid talking about it any longer", have the thumbnail be the poster for that new Batman movie, and then have this Munsters trailer review as the actual content.
The fonts were so weird because letters on editing softwares are made so that you can resize them without getting pixelated. But these got pixelated when "zoomed" in....which means they for some reason opted to use either screenshots or external files which I used to do when I wanted a free font when I was 17 and was too stupid to know you could download them....this is a major studio.   Also, they have no idea how to do technicolor, its not just saturation its the value of RGB and the white balance of everything else...I have a drag and drop effect that looks better than whatever they did.
Watched it and it is indeed very bad but if the whole thing was in black and white I could of understood it.
I think this whole production is a joke on the part of rob zombie including the trailer, he may of had an idea for this and it all fell apart somehow and now he's just messing with everyone halfassedly, seems like something he'd do...
Now ive liked a few Zombie projects but Sherri Moon can not act for shit, she was acceptable in 1000 corpses or Devils rejects but its really time to stop now.  Aside from that id watch it... if it weren't for the Bad Visuals, Bad Audio and what im assuming is a terrible fucking script
The secret word is money
Hopefully The Munsters Movie will be on the next Best Of The Worst.
…love the”Don’t!” shout out! …”Don’t” during Grindhouse was my single favorite theater going experience…sad that just mentioning the title ruins the fantastic punchline of the most perfect comedy trailer ever executed…
Fresh out of ideas in Leftywood.
Why did grandpa Munster have a mustache???
Mike failed to mention which Star Trek episode this reminds him of.
Literally the worst movie trailer by a professional studio that I have ever seen. It was so ridiculously, awfully, horribly, terribly bad.
“He didn’t have the voice.” YEP.
On a slight unrelated note, I saw Rob Zombie's Halloween remake and I was just so bored and disgusted by it. I could just imagine the cigarette, wet dog and spilled beer smells from the setting. Took me out from the film's story.  That man just cannot make objectively good horrorfilms.
Anyone else always assume that the RLM fart sound effect is a genuine recording of Mike breaking wind? I always picture is coming from his bum.
Really looks like one of modern movies from Best of the Worst: Spotlight Edition!
I have several different Hustler DVDs of "This Ain't The Munsters" from almost 20 years ago, and their production quality is basically the same as Rob Zombie's movie. In some departments they excel, even.
i'm gonna go a step farther here and say that using recognizable music with a very different tone in movie trailors is always and has always been extremely cringy.
RLM and the comment section keep me sufficiently insane to get through the day.
I don't care what the haters say, this dumb movie looks sincere and fun. I'm actually excited for it!
"Who is this for?" you ask  It's for Rob Zombie, honestly, and I respect that
My first thought seeing the trailer was "So its meant to look bad, right?"
Hats Off Entertainment already did this video. hack frauds!
It looks like a channel awesome movie
Unless I'm wrong Universal sold this to Netflix because they must've seen a rough cut and had a panic attack. What's funny is they own Peacock and they didn't even want to put it there which for most other movies would make sense.
I’m obsessed by this horrible trailer. I don’t know why.
Just watched the new movie MEN and Jay's gonna love it. Bet!
how DARE some film buffs make a budget movies and hire their friends!   ...cracks a beer and settles in to watch space cop...  (hey....why did we never get that "the batman" review?  we surely got the likes.  i really wanna torture jay and mike for 3 hours) stupid "watching the batman not guaranteed" loophole
RELEASE THE DRAGULA CUT!!!!!
Still gonna be a better love story than Twilight
Ironically this is the project where "Dragula" would be the most appropriate. It still wouldn't fit because the only thing it actually shares is the name, but just a tiny nod would have been understandable as an Easter egg.
I want to see the RLM version now with Mike as Herman, Jay as Eddie, and Rich Evans as Grandpa.
It may be horrible, but I bet a lot of us still want to see it.  Like a car wreck, you can't take your eyes off it.
Mike is correct about Smells Like Teen Spirit, they used a slow cover version for Black Widow.
When Mike brought up "Smells like teen spirit" I believe the editor made an error. I think Mike was referring to the Black Widow movie opening which used a slowed down cover of Smells Like Teen Spirit.
Given that Rob Zombie has been singing about the show since at least the 90s, it's obviously a passion project.  He was born in 1965 so it's very possible he grew up on Munsters. I wouldn't call a lot of his films masterpieces but there's great moments in most of them. I'm hoping Hollywood execs just don't care enough to meddle in it like they do with most things. I don't mind if it looks 'cheap', almost feels intentional.
You guys did your best trying to make yet another worthless IP worth the current revelency.....What is next? Soap? Benson? Different Strokes? Silver Spoons?
WTF is with Herman's voice in this trailer? He sounds like a nerd going through puberty.
There is an extraordinary Munsters revival from the 90s that looks like it was shot on the same video camera as Crazy Fat Ethel II, I remember knowing it was terrible even as a kid.
Jay: I havent stopped thinking about the Munsters trailer for days  ...the Beige Malaise can last for days
I personally think the movie looks funny. You have to be a monster's fan to truly understand the weird comedy style Rob was going for here but it's definitely not as bad as people are saying for sure but I love the monsters always have since I was a little kid
Rob Zombie must be a big Banjo-Kazooie fan to feature the classic lithograph bold font in this trailer!
I am actually looking forward to the movie.
Interesting, I'd have opened with a romantic trailer... love music plays, white background with big bold red text, VO: their love ...was a love that could never die...(young couple pull up in a convertible car outside an old looking manor) Lily Voice: we're going on a trip to the city of romance? ... Herman: A second honeymoon! ..( couple approaches the front door) VO: a new romantic comedy from director Rob Zombie..." (door opens to reveal Herman Munster, couple run away screaming)" Herman looks confused VO: Universal presents ... The Munsters (theme plays to a variety of out of context skits from the Munsters) VO: In theatres... blah blah.
The lighting looks like a cheap haunted house
I’ve watched the trailer like 5 times now.
Its something very special when there is a trailer that RLM talks about a trailer. God it looks so bad.
It has the quality of a porn parody.
i had no idea this movia was a thing until now, so i guess it worked
The only thing these subpar remakes are doing is making young people rediscover the original classic shows.
@11:49 Is that Jorge Masvidal as the Scorpion King 3?
It looks like it's straight out of all those Time/Warner straight to DVD movies from the mid 2000s. Right up there with Christmas Story 2
The best thing Rob Zombie ever did was the opening to House Of 1000 Corpses with Sid Haig and Michael J. Pollard. Everything else sucks.
You know we can tell Zombie he doesn’t HAVE to be a filmmaker anymore.
9:55 "I can't believe I'm having this conversation" 🤣 Someone has to have it, and glad it's you two!
love it
I'm convinced he wanted to show how bad color would look or he just wanted it to look like a porn trailer
Fred Gwynne & Al Lewis made that original series. Seeing other actors playing their roles will never be anything else but jarring.
Recycling old properties to make cash-in sequels really diminishes movies as an art-form.
It took me watching it 20x to figure out what Herman Munster said at 7:15.    He says  "As soon as you appeared in my life."
Ed Helms and his horse teeth would've been a perfect Herman Munster.
I think it's brilliant, everyone is talking about the trailer
When I saw the font I started getting flashbacks of all the crappy direct to video trailers you’d see in the ‘90s.
I don't wanna be that guy, but what happened to BotW?
I have a huge crush on you, Mike. Thank you guys for making me laugh so hard so many times I needed something to lighten the darkness. Secret 🔪!!
If I had all the money and time in the world, I'd make a Munsters movie as well. Live your dream Mr Zombie! You're weird and I like it!
Wait what happened with Plinkett's medicine these guys took? Those hacks!
why are we not talking about the orville?
The lighting looks like a blumhouse movie
The production values made me feel like Danzig had something to do with it too😆
As a millennial, I only know a little bit about The Munsters. But I know that they've got one of my favorite jokes ever: having the one daughter be a lawyer in the family of monster characters is an absolute gem of a joke.
I´m fully expecting you guys do this movie on Best of the Worst OK? Get on it Rich Evans!
Jordan Peele should direct “DONT”
Everything Everywhere All at Once was shot in 30 days with a $25 mil budget! This looks like a bad porn spoof. He pulled a Sandler. He paid his wife and family members on the crew and pocketed the rest.
I like the Munsters and this movie looks like a guy who likes the Musters making a movie in two weeks with his friends
Rob was a PA on Pee Wee’s Play House, so it’s not far off if that this has that style.
They’ve tried. Time to leave The Munsters alone?
the opening is obviously a riff on the old early 90s VHS trailers, down to the soft look of the titles. I didn't catch the mike pop until you mentioned it though
Bryan Fuller all who's laughing now....
Can we get a Munsters review when it comes out. Thanks
Daniel Warren Johnson (comic book writer/artist), in terms of depictions and visuals is doing what Rob Zombies tries to do.
Haha, Jay said “Hard R”
This movie is gonna suck
9:15 peak analysis
Or was he thinking of smells like teen spirit in the batman because he did actually watch it
Probably one of the more popular examples of the slow downed pop song in movies is “5 on it” from Jordan Peele’s Us
Smells like Teen Spirit was slowed down recently. During the opening credits of Black Widow it plays.
Mike menacing Jay with slowed down rock songs at 11:11 is the funniest shit I've seen.
You guys are taking this trailer wayyyyy too seriously. Like wow. I'm familiar with the original but not a fan but yet I can see exactly what kind of mood they're trying to accomplish. It's literally nailing exactly what most people think of when they hear Munsters...
"AS SOON AS YOU APPEARED IN MY LIFE"  God that was killing me
Rob Zombie suuuuucks
I can't tell if the Nirvana song/Batman oversight was deliberate
Universal 1440 is like the outlet store for nostalgia.
Rob Zombie did work as a PA on Pee Wee’s Playhouse so makes sense to me
I like how Mike said that trend of redoing songs all slow and dramatic is over, and the new Shazam trailer did exactly that a few days ago with an Eminem song of all things.
The trailer looks like it's for an X-rated parody of itself.
Is this real ? Like for real ?
Until the end of this video I swear Mike was the one doing the voice over in the trailer. Like as a troll to us, their audience. But... no. They released it with a RedLetterMedia quality voice over, which is great for youtube, terrible for A PROFESSIONAL MOVIE!
I don't think that's how Dragula goes, Mike.
A movie made by Rob Zombie, for Rob Zombie.
Mike and Jay should be more sympathetic to some underappreciated film maker just wanting to make a dumb movie with their friends.  ; )
Mike was thinking of the rendition of “Smells Like Teen Spirit” featured in the trailer of “The Gallows”, I think.
Mike was thinking of the rendition of “Smells Like Teen Spirit” featured in the trailer of “The Gallows”, I think.
Red Letter Media 🖖
This seems like one of Adam sandler’s money laundering movies.
Honestly I find something that’s not obviously designed for a specific audience refreshing. Who the fuck was Star Wars for before Star Wars? Who knows. George Lucas made it because he had an idea. Maybe rob zombie just had an idea to reboot a show he loved. Fuck the audience.
I have a theory that Rob Zombie made the trailer himself because the studio wants to bury the movie and not release it.
Is mike on acid?
Another episode of Mike & son, good times.
The trailer looks like a p0rn0
Dragula would have been an improvement to this trailer
Did you hacks find the video of Daniel Roebuck reacting to the trailer and acting like it's good?
I was like, was that trailer real? I thought that was a joke. That was for realz!?!?!
The audio in the trailer is weird AF. When I 1st saw the trailer it was on "Hack the Movies" and I thought they had removed the music from the trailer due to copyright...it just felt so unfinished, and the slide whistle when the woman in green witch face paint passes out when she sees Herman and the others...holy shit. It's like a 7 year old cut the trailer. I could cut a better trailer than this, and I've never taken a single editing class.
Can we just get a Horse ninja movie now?
Universal's second attempt at a Dark Universe is off to a great start.
For Jay, the jumbled line sounds like he's saying : "As soon as she appeared in my life."
I'm wondering if the harsh green and purple lighting was a nod to the fact that the original sets were painted the most awful shade of pink because it was black and white and didn't matter.
Rob got me in the theater for the limited run of 3 From Hell so I’ll be in the front row for this too.
Let's face it, Rob Zombie isn't all that talented. Not in music, not in movies, kinda in graphic arts but he's really just a mediocrity.
I watched this whole video and I still can't tell if this is even a real movie trailer.
The narrator literally sounds like Mike doing the voice for the Best Of The Worst intros
Rob Hack Fraud Zombie
Let's be honest, Rob Zombie is just not a good filmmaker.
the greenscreen looks weird may be that they are too brightly lit they stand out
Please do more quick stuff like this!!!
I grew up watching back to back TV re-runs in the eighties of Adams family and Munsters and it strikes me as to how much of a difference Hollywood has treated each of these IPs/properties. Love them or hate them- those Adam's family movies definitely got the golden treatment in comparison...
The definition of restraint: Not using Dragula.
There's a new Munsters movie? Why? Also, why?
Merch idea: Lightning Fast bottle opener.
If anything, the trailer made we watch the original Munsters to see if it was THIS bad and corny. And no. It's not. I was pleasantly surprised. It made me laugh on multiple occasions and the performances really sell you on the world. Sure it's corny to an extent, but more so because it was made in the 60s. The work arounds they had to do because of the time period and budget constraints adds to the charm.  And some of the jokes feel like they could've been written today. Feels more contemporary than you'd think. Also, the actors really do make the series worth watching. So natural and effortlessly funny. Fred Gwynne as Herman is honestly one of the greatest comedic performances I've seen. He's great. As well as everyone involved. The new film feels so forced, it's cringe. There's a video comparing Rob Zombie's imitation intro vs the original and it perfectly encapsulates why the new film looks so bad.
It's funny because Universal sold The Munsters to Netflix instead of premiering  it on their streaming service
10:53 it was the Black Widow trailer that had a slowed down version of Smells Like Teen Spirit.   Everyone's forgotten about it at this point, and honestly I didn't hate it... the trailer, I mean.  The movie was not good.
it looks like junk because its supposed to be watched in black and white
the beginning of the trailer looks like something for Full Moon Pictures, like the newest installment of the Gingerdead Man or Evil Bong
A really great example of using a few characteristic notes of a theme to tease the audience: the first GoldenEye teaser trailer. Have always loved that teaser, it’s on my 90s FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE VHS.
It’s always a problem when you think Mike is doing the voiceover and he isn’t.
and nope.
It’s not fair to critique Rob Zombies’ sound quality and mixing.  The guys a film director not some kind of multi platinum musician.  Mr Zombie deserves to be taken seriously.
OK but who is that one bald character ?   Max Schreck??
I somehow missed this, so I looked it up  I have no words. I thought I must have found the wrong video at first  Weirdest thing is, if they actually put effort into the move (they won't) then I'd probably watch it.
My first comment on Facebook after the trailer was that it looked like an ad for Universal Horror Nights!
This trailer looks like Verotika
Finally, Mike and Jay discuss the real issues
I'd heard about this movie looking bad, and I'd never seen the trailer. But them mentioning it is a prequel in the video and seeing a grown werewolf in it makes me wonder if the wife is going to be impregnated by him out of wedlock to explain why their kid is a werewolf.
So I'm actually kind of happy for this movie. Considering how cynical I've become because of seeing remakes and movies that have no passion. It's nice to see a director go for a completely different tone and feel for the movie he's making, not to please a general audience or the rich company funding the movie, but just because one man just really really wanted to see more Munsters. It's kind of heart warming. Do I think it'll be good? Not really but fuck it I'll give the man and crew credit for doing it.
Because of the opening comment about the trailer, I just watched the trailer. I grew up watching the Monsters (I'm 58) and I thought the trailer was great. Really captures the camp of the TV show and all the costumes look very 50's and 60's. Looks funny. I'd pay to watch it. But it seems very un-Rob Zombie like. That's kind of weird.
For that hard to hear line.  Herman Munster says, "As soon as you appeared in my life."
Smells Like Teen Spirit was done in Pan (2015)
What was the budget for this? $200?
Because Holywood wants children and adults to watch movies together. That's why we got Thor Love and Thunder.
Narrator sounds like Mike doing schlock
The fact that Mike Stoklasa wasn’t contacted to reprise his role as Grandpa Munster, now that’s a damn shame. They say all the royalties ran out when he bout that damn warehouse and Rich Evens an off the lot Ferrari.
This ended on a high note
13:03 "I have no love for The Munsters..."  Bauman is incapable of love.
Gas prices.
i genuinely thought that was Mike doing the voiceover, and frankly, I'm still not convinced that it's not
Holy fuck I never thought I'd hear a Videonics mention in an RLM vid. Some of that stuff goes for decent cash now.
Where's the fuckin diversity?
Fuck I'm excited. The original Munsters was using the campiness of early black and white horror movies, this one is using the campiness of technicolors 1960s horror. The cast seems perfectly serviceable (Grandpa is actually PERFECT), and I know Rob Zombie adores the series so he isn't gonna be half-assing it. I'm in.
This is a movie being made just to preserve copyright for an IP no one cares about in 2022.
It's obvious that Rob Zombie thinks he is being campy and retro, but he doesn't know how to make it accurately campy and retro. He thinks just "do it bad" is what he's going for. And maybe he thinks he is making it for all the Munsters fans who are also hardcore horror fans, but I don't know if he realizes or cares that this demographic includes him, his wife, and about 10,000 other people on the planet.
The marketing strategy is to make a trailer that gets so much buzz that it snowballs on social media to the point that people BEG to see it. Maximum profit.
And just what kind of trailer should a freaking Munster movie have??? I think this trailer was in exactly the right direction and pretty spot on, myself. While I find you guys obnoxious and looking for any reason to crap on this movie because you think it will make you feel superior. You Failed, you only made yourselves look petty and small.
i went from being super excited about Zombie's vision for this...to...not, not at all. yiiiiikes
Give a raise to whoever put that trailer together and pushed it out. Best guerilla marketing initiative of the decade.
Why does Herman Munster look like Jim Carry's The Mask?
With any luck this will increase viewership of the old show.
The lighting looks like Clown puke
TALK ABOUT STRANGE NEW WORLDS ALREADY OMG
I think the most interesting part of the trailer is that it gets content match strikes from Fallout Boy
I'm pretty sure Rob Zombie just wanted a Munsters house to live in and this is how he tricked Universal into paying for it.
star trek strange new worlds review ? bit slack ')
Another one of those "slowed down older songs for a trailer" - Pure Imagination, from Willy Wonka, used in the Ready Player 1 trailer.  That's the first one that popped into my mind
10:08 Zombie used to work on Pee-Wee’s Playhouse.
6:50 Rudy Giuliani is looking much better here than in Borat 2.
I believe The Munsters Movie's target audience is a tax loophole or two.
It was deliberately done that way so people will talk about how shit it looks to get people looking at it. Cheap marketing ploy.
Mike was thinking of Smells Like Teen Spirit from the black widow movie
Was always a fan of The Munsters and Addams Family,, yeah the teaser was rough,  but that can change. Give it time.
This movie had a 30 million dollar budget....let that sink in
.....why. ..... not The Boys season 3.....!?
I needed this after the workplace was talking politics for hours today
There actually is a slow trailer piano version of Dragula, look up the version from the film "Haunt".
When Mike said they used "Smells Like Teen Spirit" in a movie trailer he was probably thinking of "The Gallows" (2015). Not surprised he wouldn't remember it, because everyone forgot about that movie.
I made my grandma pay for a movie on YouTube in 2009 called terror toons. The whole movie is this trailer in a nutshell
11:00 to Mike’s point about Nirvana being used in another trailer, their song “Something in the Way” was used in the Batman trailer and movie.
Was Mike thinking of Heart-Shaped Box, or the awful Smells Like Teen Spirit cover from Black Widow?
I spent the entire time watching this still unsure if this was actually a real trailer or were they fucking with me?
10:56 Black Widow was the one that did the strange slow Smells Like Teen Spirit cover
*Sometimes...Dead is better.* - Fred Gwynne
I cant believe I didn't even consider that this might be for kids until these guys mentioned it. That certainly would explain the colors and cinematography,  which looks like a Nick at Night production.  And the scenes do have a silly/stupid aura about it.
"DIG THROUGH THE DITCHES AND BURN!"  i was expecting that when i noticed it was a trailer made by Rob Zombie...
It does look better in black and white (with the color turned off). Maybe they're trying to imitate the colors and lighting they used on tv in the 60's?
Mike can only hum a tune using just the lower part of his mouth which is a great specialty
Wow the trailer in black and white actually looks really good.  Just run a grain filter over it and it would feel like I was watching the show again.
This is what Zombie did with music - when his ego got too big for his bandmates in White Zombie, he went solo and then his albums were overtaken with performance art pieces rather than actual songs.  He doesn't actually care what the audience sees or hears, he's just splashing around in his own mental kiddie pool.  He'll focus on the one or two things he likes and expect everyone to just be fine with that.
My biggest gripe is this is supposed to be the prequel to the show and yet the show takes place in 1965 during which Lily and Herman celebrate their 100th anniversary.
it looks like Verotika
I know not many people give a damn about the Munsters but I've always really loved it. It's an extremely charming show. This does have that exact Kindergarten Cop 2 bargain bin sequel look to it and it is just disappointing. Guess I was hoping for more from Rob, being a fan himself. The cheap LED lighting is atrocious.
6:30 Looked like The Mask ripoff to me.
I'm just hoping that at some point in the movie, somebody jumps into frame, does a 4th wall break to look directly into the camera and exclaims "It's Hermin' time!!"  It will make it all worth while.
guessing you guys missed Brian Fuller's Mockingbird Lane pilot a decade back (with Jerry O'Connell and Eddie Izzard.). but it was kind of a rad "how to handle the munsters for a modern audience." Hope you get a chance to view it before this schlock drops.
If Rob Zombie doesn't cover "Monster Mash" with the cast of this movie called "Munster Mash" and Sheri Moon Zombie doing the female vocals from the song, what are we even doing here!?!?!
dude he alrdy elaborated on it. wasn't 40 mil budget never was gna be in theaters . use logic aswell
Believe it or not, it was originally slated for a theatrical release.
I'm impressed Rob Zombie got the same narrator as Wheel of the Worst.
George Miller; the director of MAD MAX, THE ROAD WARRIOR and BEYOND THUNDERDOME; brings you the fun wacky adventures of BABE: PIG IN THE CITY.
Star Trek Strange New World now.
The font looks like Toaster
I always thought it was supposed to be a callback to the old time munsters show which was not made on a high budget.   Still looks like dogshit though, id appreciate it more if it were an independent studio or the like.
It actually looked good in black and white
That old wooden radio behind Jay is really awesome.
I was so excited when I first heard Rob Zombie was going to make this movie, knowing he is a huge fan. But my excitement dropped from a 10 to a 2 as soon as I saw the first trailer 😔
Bizarrely the reason I discovered Red Letter Media in the first place is that Rob Zombie shared their Phantom Menace Plinkett review on twitter years ago.
11:01 A dramatic cover of Smells Like Teen Spirit was used in the Black Widow movie.
I was thinking that this was colored to be released in B&W. I might have been thinking too hard about it, though.
I doubt it was "Universal doesn't want to pay an editor" but rather "Rob Zombie insisted on doing it himself because he genuinely thinks he's really funny and clever"
I'm guessing kitschy was what he was going for. If Robb was around the Era of nick at night he's probably playing on the millennial adults now that watched it there. This has possibilities to be a hot mess or a hilarious hot mess.
Kind of hope Rob Zombie tweets out a backstory to this movie's existence...
Do you suppose the studio told Zombie that he couldn't direct a black-and-white family film?
I'm old enough to remember when Rob Zombie was first coming onto the music scene back in the early 90s, the Metal Hammer review of the first White Zombie album speficially stated it had a cheesy, B-Movie horror film vibe to it, especially with the use of so many samples from grindhouse et all movies between tracks; so Mr Zombie Esquire has always had a love of this aesthetic, and from what I gather he's also a decent person too. I have no doubt at all this film is being made with a lot of love and heart. But the trailer looks absolutely awful, like the kind of thing you'd see inside a cheap ghost house, that's set up and moved around constantly, and where they just drown everything in strong light to cast an altered state appearence over the Poundstore halloween decorations. It's the kind of lighting you'd see in a Laser Quest arena. Maybe that's even the vibe Mr Zombie is going for. But as a movie it just looks bobbins, sorry Rob.
I had no idea this trailer existed until this video was posted. Upon watching it, I went to watch the trailer itself. I actually really liked the trailer and I am looking forward to the movie in September. It has that 'silly feels' vibe to it that I really like. If it ends up flipping the script and goes full dark carnival, I am down for that too.
What’s the point of hiding the wire but the mic is visible that’s the only thing I’m “upset” about
Ha, The trailer ad for this video was Interview with a vampire remake and the song used was a slowed down version of XTC’s Dear God
Wouldn't that just be three cops?
This is clearly an avoidance tactic to distract from the lack of Best of the Worst releases!   JK keep doing yall
Idk about the trailer but it appears that the editor actually IS the guy who edited kindergarten cop 2 and the later tremors movies lol. Definitely a universal hired hand.
That's definitely also Rob Zombie voicing the intro voice over. No joking and without a doubt.
This was very poignant guys
My conspiracy theory is that rob zombie watched "What We Do In The Shadows" (the tv show) and try to sloppily recreate the aesthetic and vibes of that.
The lighting and scenery reminds me of the that shitty Jared Leto, Harley Quinn movie...also I've had COVID for 7-8 days now, and I think I'm about to start feeling better, or just die..and after watching that trailer i think death is preferable.
A slower, edgier version of Smells Like Teen Spirit was used in Black Widow, that might've been what Mike was thinking about. It also sounded absolutely terrible.
The only good thing that will come out of Rob Zombie's Munsters is that people will get curious about the original show, who knows maybe we'll get a fully remastered blu-ray set with the option of watching the show in color or BnW? that'd be super cool!
I swear it is just a '90s music video with Ozzy Osbourne as whatever the munster is called. Especially when you look at the mouth. Seriously, the resemblance is uncanny.
Looks like Danzig directed this.
1:10 never fails to get me in that mummy trailer
_”Who is this made for?”_  The people who were teenagers when House of a Thousand Corpses was released are now in their thirties, and have children of their own.  They grew up with Rob Zombie and, for many of them, have maintained a semi-ironic (but also semi-sincere) love of the whole world of 90s/2000s horror.  They grew up in Hot Topic stores which sold Marilyn Manson and Rob Zombie merch right next to Sailor Moon and Invader Zim merch.  The Munsters is made for millennials, and as one of the oldest cohort of millennials I’m not surprised Gen X wouldn’t get it.  I barely do.
The trailer felt like it was intentionally going for that corny B-movie vibe, which there is definitely an audience for, but everyone who isn't into watching shitty movies ironically look at this trailer like "oh no this is unironically the worst trailer ever" but tbh I disagree! This trailer just felt like a lot of goofy and self-aware fun, I'd be much more interested to see this than whatever generic $500 million budget blockbuster Hollywood churns out, which is why I think comparing this trailer to that infamous botched Mummy remake trailer is a bit disingenuous.
Oh no I thought this was like a re:view episode. Theres a new munsters? lol
I know he spent a lot of time setting up all different lighting for all the different shots, but I think it would be a huge mistake if he didn't, at the very least, release a black and white version. I mean, it should've been B&W to begin with, but give us a B&W version so it feels like classic Munsters.
this movie is very obviously not for you. and thats fine.  im super excited for it. i want the camp and giddyness of d tier horror/scifi. this movei is for everyone whose favorite season is holloween. or dresses up for the midnight screening so f rocky horrow and know what props to bring. the kind of people who prefer evil dead 2, brain dead, and movies liek that
They gave me like 5 posters for this movie at Comic-Con this weekend, at least the posters were high quality.
"I can whip ya up a humpy down in the lab." - Grandpa Munster
Now I want to see The Munsters trailer edited with Dragula! 9:19
"I don't think you could do that for The Munsters" "YOU COULD, I JUST DID IT!"
i'm excited
You know what fucks with me the most? That fucking opening text actually blurs when it zooms in. So their text layer wasn't high res enough. That's like the rookiest of rookie mistakes dude
"This looks like it was directed by Pee Wee Herman." Rob Zombie was a PA on Pee Wee's Playhouse.
Rob Zombie is to movies what anal rape is to a colon
I still absolutely adore that Mummy trailer.
“Questions will be answered never.” ~ prometheus
my passion is trailer design
I like how direct-to-video became direct-to-DVD and now direct-to-streaming.
Lithos Black font
I loved the highlight reel in the trailer. The best clip they could find of Grandpa was him reading a newspaper.
I have a theory, and i'm 75% sure on this, but i'm fairly confident that Herman Munster in this film, ni both appearance and voice, is based on Lux Interior from the band The Cramps, because their image was based almost entirely in 50's / 40's schlock films and Halloween, and they're the exact kind of band that Rob Zombie would have loved when he was a teen
I would say Jumping from the Devil´s rejects to a PG Munsters movie is extreme, but then I remember Robert Rodriguez jumping from Desperado to Spy Kids to Machete to We could be heroes.
Here I thought Jay was some kind of closeted Munsters fan; turns out the notetaking was inspired by his deep loathing of Rob Zombie.
I have a tendency to enjoy Rob Zombies stupid, juvenile sense of humor. It looks like it will be God-awful, but I'll probably like it. You joke with the farts, but I bet there will be fart jokes.
This debate was the 1440 production of Descarte v Locke
I'm baffled by this trailer. It's not ironically bad.... it's just plain awful. I have a feeling this film will be mocked for years which is better than fading into obscurity.
It the most intriguingly bizarre trailer
Why does the trailer voiceover sound like Mike doing a funny voice?
Hang on, there were new Tremors movies after 4 and the TV show?
never mind streaming, this movie looks like made for public access
moar rich evans pleez
Mike was probably also thinking about the crappy version of Smells like Teen Spirit that plays over the Batman trailer (the one RLM will never watch or review)?
I'm pretty sure that font is a default setting in Adobe Premiere.
FINALLY!
I wish Edgar Wright made Don't into a actual movie. That would be fucking awesome.
Well... now EVERYBODY is talking about the movie, so.... the trailer works?
The trailer looks like a RedLetterMedia parody of The Munsters….
If you enjoy Rob Zombie's music you should know that Rob Zombie had very little to do with any of the parts that you like.
You guys didn't even mention the plosive in the voiceover @2:34 !  Edit: oh, there ya go.
I honestly thought that was Mike as the narrator in the trailer at first.
Mike would make an awesome Herman Munster haha
I would live my left incisor if the people that did the Adams Family movies did a couple of Munster movies.
Ok but Dragula
I've heard a lot of people say "It's a campy movie, its supposed to look cheap." There's a difference between camp cheap and I don't give a flying fuck cheap, this looks like I don't give a flying fuck cheap.
Trailer 2 says dvd on same day so it’s straight to dvd??
"for some reason" shouldnt have made me laugh as hard as it did
Rob Zombie such a hack
I love RLM content for the critical film analysis and breakdowns but what I love more than that is when they make each other laugh, ripping on things. Always brightens my day.
Finding out about Kindergarten Cop 2 staring Dolph was the best part of this video!!!
This got made so Robb Zombie could say he fucked Lily Munster in an official capacity.
The amount of space used between letters is called "keming".
The trailer also has an obvious place to put the actors' credits and it looks like they forgot to add those. It's at about the 1;40 mark when the classic theme starts playing.
“It looked like pee wee Herman directed it.” Funny you should say that mike. That’s were zombie got his start in entertainment.
There is no way we are going to get a good Munsters film nowadays. They are nowhere near as cool as The Addams Family and they don't work well without the original 60's cast.
I'll hold out and see the film.. The preview I agree wasn't good. For a variety of reasons . Herman's makeup looks like make up. The color looks fake and not realistic for starters. And lime green ?  Just poor artistic choices in this production it seems like
Great way to allow the entire point of the movie to go over your head.
Munsters of rock n roll.
It seems like a VHS Screener Tape for Video Rental stores from the 90's!
Can't wait for this movie.
As far as lots of different lighting goes, horror from the 90's started going colorful. Why can't Rob Zombie take on something interesting like Phantasm, who'd play The Tall Man, or the Nemesis series, who would play Sue Price's role as Cyborg Slayer?
It amazingly looks significantly better when you watch it in black and white
Mike was actually probably thinking of “Something in the Way” in all the Batman trailers.
I'm not the only one thankyou
Say what you will about the “Werewolf Women of the SS” trailer, but I will saw it is one of Nicholas Cages best performances
It looks like it was shot on video tape.  I've seen better production values on Svengoulie.
I see what RLM doing here....this is a misdirect...they talk about The Munsters, which has Grandpa in it...WHO! is a vampire and is bat adjacent. Who else do we know is bat adjacent...🤔🤔🤔. I think we know what is coming soon🤘😁
Always wondered what happened to Beavis and Butthead.
Universal wants a Space cop 2
I've never seen a trailer that looks like an RLM skit
Rob Zombies The Munsters.  Straight to adult swim
Yet , I'm still watching this for some reason
Cocaine is a helluv a drug.
Rob Zombie did actually work on pee wee's playhouse set design...
I don't know if I dreamed this or not, but I swear there's an article or an interview with Rob Zombie where he was asked about the movie and one of the quotes was "There was no budget".
the sheer mileage they have gotten out of the soundless mummy plane clip
Can't wait for this
Jay you beautiful bearded bastard, I was about to go down and comment the unintentionally released voice-only Mummy trailer as the worst trailer for a movie released in recent memory!  ...Though really that was the best trailer. After all, I'll remember The Mummy much longer than most other films just because of that trailer - in spite of the movie itself.
The movie should be released in black and white. It would look much better.
It's like glen danzig and the asylum had a go making this
Speaking of trailers, my favorite is MAD's Terminator vs Jesus one.
Thank you.
the mockingbird lane thing with Eddie Izzard was pretty good
Trailercore boys, trailercore.
This video has more views than the actual trailer. You're basically the marketing division for this movie now.
A friend of mine is scoring this film so I’m afraid to say anything too bad about the trailer on social media. But I’m not gonna lie, it looks pretty bad. Quite bad, in fact. Especially bad, in fact.
Rob Zombie wants to give Ed Wood a run for his lack of money.
Schlock! Hardcore, garishly lit, shovel-fodder schlock! This BETTER make it on BEST OF THE WORST!!!!
I’m gonna be honest, I’ve had a rough day. My aunt passed this afternoon and it has been horrible for me, but seeing the thumbnail of Mike and Jay talking about the Munsters of all things, somehow it brought me great comfort. Thank you guys for making good content.
are we sure this isn't just a porn parody?
Daddy needs a new pair of shoes!!
It's a porno without the f**king...thanks Harloff :D
The line he garbled is "since you came in my life"
Are we sure this isn’t a trailer for the porn parody of The Munsters?
Count Chocula Refrigeration Service Supplies supports this message. As in we enjoy the rest of your night going to bed now I love you too baby girl I love you too baby girl I hope you are referring too baby I hope the rest volgt dan een jaar of ouder zijn en dat was een fijne avond allemaal even mooi vijftig Euro biljet NMBS Logistics bv in de buurt Tolsteeg in de winkel van Sinkel de advertentie vast te stellen voor de aankoop en vast te leggen dat de aankoop intersection of two cents for you are referring me to be there for you are referring too baby girl.  Okay - most of this reply was composed by Google auto-complete 🐰🇺🇦
I had one of those title makers. In fact I still do. Time for an Ebay listing.
I absolutely love the fact that if you type "the munsters trailer" into the youtube search bar, this video is the first result, and the actual trailer is the second.
Even though I am 100% behind getting Rob Zombie to stop making films in any way, I can't say anyone could ever really screw up something as out there and campy as the original Munsters.
i thought the trailer was fun and kitschy... :(
I have yet to see a _good_ Rob Zombie movie. I guess I really liked the end of _Lords of Salem,_ but the entire movie up to that point is unwatchable garbage
Now I want Mike and Jay to review The Munsters when it hits streaming.
When I first saw this trailer I thought it was a joke!
I have faith in rob zombie he hasnt let me down in 30 years
I have never seen a photo of Rob Zombie (or any of his movies) but I always just picture Raz from Tim and Eric Awesome Show
Review Laurie Anderson’s Heart of a Dog
This was so great since I went to see Mudvayne and Rob last night in Charlotte NC and everyone looked so confused when he played this trailer mid set 😂
I thought the trailer was funny! It looks goofy. Maybe that is what the world needs right now - some levity.
It’s so difficult to do intentionally bad *well* in an enjoyable way. It requires nuance and awareness, two things Rob Zombie has literally never had.
The movie does look entertaining though,  despite the tacky elements
Pretty sure that line Jay couldn't understand is "As soon as you appeared in my life."
they just released a new munsters trailer today
I was weirdly charmed by this trailer personally.
Why are there two VCR repairmen criticizing the genius that is Rob Zombie? These two are just hacks. 😡
I don't think I've ever watched a Rob Zombie film. All I've seen are trailers for them and thought _"This provides me with a total of zero interest in watching the film it's promoting"._ I've always figured the guy has made filmmaking fame based exclusively on his name, which isn't even real. _"Oh, a horror movie made by a guy named 'Zombie'? It has to be good, right?"_ But really nothing could prepare me for just how _cheap_ this particular movie looks. It looks so cheap that there are people convinced that it's deliberately trying to evoke the look of the original show, even though the show looks like a James Cameron movie compared to this.
I think the main reason people are scratching their heads and thinkiing wtf!! is its reported to have a $40 million budget.
You guys are just jealous haters. Rob Zombie is a creative genius and everything he puts out is amazing.    I'm being extremely sarcastic.
The intro voiceover sounds exactly like a Channel Awesome skit.
Hard to believe this has Rob Zombie's name on it, it is so out of his style, wonder if he made it as cheap as possible to pocket the difference. It seems to have the same quality as one of those reality shows on Tru Tv.
"Who is this for?"  Its for Rob Zombie. He loves The Munsters. He owns a bunch of props, including at least one of the cars, the Koach. Its in the music video for Dragula. Which is the other major car from The Munsters.
Rob Zombie sucks....
Say what you will; but I really want to watch Kindergarten Cop 2 now...
This will be the best movie of all time, mark my words.
I’m a 40-something who grew up loving The Munsters as a little one.  Not a fan of Zombies post WZ music and think every one of his movies are just “alright” at best.  That said, I’m totally looking forward to this.  It’ll be campy and ugly and sound terrible and I’ll love every second of it.
HOLY SHIT. I still have a Videonics Title making machine and it still works.
Gonna age myself here, but the first consumer title maker was slide-show mode in Mario Paint.
It's going straight to dvd/blu-ray then Netflix lol
This reminded me of that shitty cover of Smells Like Teen Spirit that Black Widow used.
10:55 There's a group called 2wei who remix known songs into "epic trailer" versions. If you watch a trailer with an "epic" version of a known song, there's a 95% chance it was done by 2wei.
wait the munsters is different from the adams family?
Smells Like Teen Spirit was done for Black Widow. Also, Zombie should have used "Uma Thurman" by Fallout Boy, which is just The Munsters Theme with emo lyrics over it.
The Most misleading trailer of all Time was the 1998 movie “Happiness”
I can't wait for Rob Zombie to come out and say " . . . But it's stylistically designed to be that way, and you can't undo that!"
You guys are my #1 favorite YouTube program.   Just saying.  ❤️
That weird font is the one used in Ecco the Dolphin on the Dreamcast!
"As soon as you appeared in my life"
My favorite trailer recently is the Shazam sequel. It has an Annabel cameo and makes a joke about family. Clearly a RLM fan made that trailer.
The greatest love story ever told was the Addams family.
No... Moon is a horrible actor. otherwise the concept is  good.
The budget for this movie is actually 40 million
why is it, when all  these you tube idiots get over a certain amount of subscribers, they all of a sudden become company men?
10 bucks says this video drives more views for the trailer than it would have otherwise had.
The budget was FORTY MILLION !!!
Look... everyone, i'm sure it's going to be brillant. A classic remake/prequel whatever it is that generations in the future will rewatch and rewatch time and time again and be loved by fans and the common viewers. It's going to be brilliant.
I wouldn't be surprised if this was just a home movie project Rob Zombie and his friends did at his house when they were all stuck in Covid just out of boredom. This really feels like something some bored teenagers would make over a weekend.
People got upset because Rob Zombie got them family friendly which is what the idiot ask for do they not know what family-friendly is the new monsters is family-friendly duh now they all mad and complaining.
This trailer is the perfect marketing tool. It's as bad as year old cottage cheese. Everyone has seen it. Now everyone is at least going to check it out to see if it's really that bad. BAM! Instant audience.
There was a big missed opportunity here in not casting Mike as Herman Munster and Jay as Eddie.
Sad to see what used to be a great channel bring Munster politics into it.  You've lost a sub today.
You were thinking about black widow with smells like teen spirit, I only remember it because how much my eyes rolled into the back of my head.
What.. a giant ..turd.. The line is “as soon as you appeared in my life”
Rob Zombie is a hack
I still have no idea why Rob didn't just debut the movie with the follow-up trailer that actually was finished.
Maybe Rob Zombie was just so excited to show he was doing something different that he totally just caked his pants over it and released it way too soon
And a few days ago, the Black Panther 2 trailer has a slow downed cover of No Woman, No Cry.
I don't give a fuck what this two are talking about, they always entertain me. Please keep the videos coming.
Don’t forget the song used in the sonic movie when they redid gangsters paradise
We’ve gone from making “homage movies of old tv shows” to “homage to 90s homage movies of old tv shows”
It's Munster time
Its not bad if you compare this trailer to any The Munsters movies from the 80s.
I showed this to my 64 year old father and he said it was "weird"
If you told me that in 2022 we would have Rob Zombie directing a reboot of a 60 year old sitcom starring the Geico caveman, I’d probably believe you because nothing makes sense anymore
I do kind of believe the idea that the movie is supposed to be in black and white, but the studio was like 'fuck that'.
The 1440 thing is sad AF.  They actually have some decent actors in them.
@9:20 If Shane Gillis shows up and sings "Dragula" in a karaoke scene on the upcoming trailer, I will be purchasing a pair of tickets opening night. Promise.
1:38 wait, is that same phone Starlight's from The Boys??
Also, I'll go ahead and say it. Eddie Munster should have been in this movie, cast as Steven Seagal. He's making the same caliber of movies these days. If you're going to go train wreck, go FULL train wreck. Have you seen the man's hair-transplant-widow's-peak? He's perfect for the part!
I think Jay's right Rob made the trailer himself, or someone close to him. Universal just released a trailer on their Youtube site that is way better technically. Still looks like a sh*tshow, but better.
If they did it like the Adams Family movie that they did in the 90's it may have not been so bad... But, this looks terrible. I hope it's a joke.
The weird color lighting reminds me of  2016 Ghostbusters.  Paul Feig is the real inspiration!
The Munsters was a cute show, so, if nothing else, I kind of respect that Rob Zombie didn't make its a grimy nightmare.
The fact that it's a unfinished trailer explains a lot. Just hope it's a amusing and entertaining when it comes out finished.
10:30 for  some reason that "you could, I just did it" cracked me up so much
Movie looks like shit. Deserves #2 in the country.
It's funny you mentioned "it looks like this was directed by Pee Wee Herman." Rob used to work on the Pee-Wee's Playhouse show when he was younger.
Their biggest mistake was not casting Ted Cruz as Grandpa Munster.
*this seems like it was directed by peewee herman* rob zombie was a production assistant on peewee's playhouse
This looks and sounds like a Cinemassacre skit or trailer
wait wut recent Tremor movies?
yea, maybe they want the trailer to be so bad, that it goes viral.
Rob zombie is officially the Ed wood of the 21st century
what we do in the shadows is a great show if u wanna watch a horrory comedy
6:43 Maybe I'm giving Rob too much credit, but I assume he planned this to be in black and white like the show. A technique from old TV shows was to use saturated contrasting colors so that the footage converts to black and white better. Perhaps the studio made him keep it in color because a black and white movie would turn off the audience they're marketing to (the type of crowd that watches Kindergarten Cop 2).
It would immediately look way better if it was shot on film
Im not sure how RZ is a director
Forget about Rob Zombie showing restraint, Mike didn't make any Star Trek reference.
Am the only one who found this deceptively wholesome? Despite the trailer being a complete mess, they seem to be lowkey rooting for Zombie's vision and that's kind of adorable. Could be a shit show, but this video actually felt nice, despite the jabs.
I m just going to watch the film in black n white
I as a fan of Rob Zombie movies, love the irony of this trailer. This all feels extremely purposeful, I'm personally excited to see this.
As bad as it looks... I'm still going to watch it.
I love how Mike always explains how people should have done it, but it is always in the most conventional way you could think of 😁 the Trailer still looks cheap tho
"So is your poo, mama"
Whoever edited this video isn’t aware of how many movie trailers have used different slowed down nirvana songs. There is a slowed down smells like teen spirit out there
I liked the part when they talked about moovees.
I thought this was going to be about She-Hulk.
First Rob Zombie movie since House of 1000 Corpses that I actually want to see
I just wanna add, Mike was actually right for once! There was a crappy, found footage horror movie called "The Gallows" that used a slowed down creepy version of Smells Like Teen Spirit in its trailer back in like 2016.
We’re missing the point and judging too harshly, look what Rob Zombie has achieved with $30 and an Iphone6
The Batman trailer had a slow version of Nirvana's Something in the Way.
I thought it looked a lot like a 2014 youtube sketch
Yeah, it seems like a not-too-well-thought-out idea to have a Munsters trailer bragging about movies that are absolutely not child-appropriate or child-safe. Kids might go look that shit up and find Otis talking about the p**** stink on his gun or some such thing. All this silly thing is good for is stirring up attention and controversy, and it's not doing so very responsibly.
The movie with the slow version of Smells Like Teen Spirit Mike is thinking of is Black Widow. The Harley Quinn Birds of Prey movie also did something similar.
Mike was thinking of the opening credits to Black Widow
Maybe it's like Sonic. Rob made a shitty trailer to get backlash, to get them to pony up more money for reshoots.
Oh my gooooooooooooood
It looks awful.  It sounds awful.  It smells awful.  It's just...awful.
For some reason I was unreasonably excited for this movie. I loved the Munsters growing up (I’m 40 now), and I really liked the Devil’s Rejects. Given Zombie’s affection for the material and his grind house style I thought he could really make a unique PG update. I don’t get my hopes up a lot, but I really thought this could have been cool. What a disappointment.
I think it's going to be good. Hopefully this comment doesn't come back to bite me.
More people will now watch this movie because the trailer was so bad than they would have if it were good.
Mike may have also been thinking about a movie called The Gallows, that had a slow, brooding cover of Smells Like Teen Spirit by an artist named Malia J.
I think it looks fkn awesome.  Not much a fan of Rob Zombie the only movie of his I really liked is Lords of Salem.  I’ll see it for sure.
Mikes garage door busts open and dragula plays at max volume , I’d say, twice a week
New Batman movie did the new slowed rock bullshit thing with Nirvana too. lol
The trailer looks like a RLM joke trailer
Does Mike know that the movie that has the Nirvana slowdown song is The Batman?   They should watch it, it’s really good 😄😄😄
My parents love The Munsters, I hope they don't see this lol
smells like teen spirit was butchered in black widow. can’t believe that’s what he remembered
When I saw the trailer "The Monsters" I clapped and thought it was very cool.  When I saw this video I thought it was really cool and I clapped.
Hard Target 2 with my boy Scott Adkins is not a bad movie at all
My first encounter with the trailer was watching "Hats off Entertainment" doing an episode about the reboot.  I was initially very impressed... because I thought he made it himself as a joke, because it looks like it must be a fan film.  Then I googled it, and discovered that no, this was the real trailer.
This is Glen Danzig new movie
more like Knob Sloppy
Wakanda Forever did it too... but I guess at least it was a remix/mashup?
Sadly the troupe of slowing down famous songs continues with Black Panther's 2 trailer. Can hollywood please stop doing this?
The later Tremors sequels, while clearly low budget as all hell, tend to have their heart in the right place and respect the lore even as they tweak it as time goes on (if that makes sense)  If you are are at all a fan of Tremors or Tremors II I recommend checking the sequels out, they do have a charm all their own 🪱
I decided to comment on this video for some reason
Why was this made? Why did you spend time talking about it? Why am I watching? I miss the time before the internet. Things were so much simpler and the headaches less frequent.
A bigger enigma than the trailer is, would it be better or worse if it followed the model of The Banana Splits Movie and that exploitative Winnie the Pooh crap that's coming out?
FYI Cassandra Peterson "Elvira" is in the movie.  Maybe she helped direct???   Looks awful btw...
Mikes not crazy! Black Window had the slow Smells Like Teen Spirt in the opening sequence
"All these gritty hard R movies"  I'm glad Jay is addressing the issues of the day.
wow, from the snips I see here, it's like a low budget Canadian tv show.
You know it's not a good sign when your movie trailer is so hated that it's going straight to Netflix instead of the theaters.
Honestly, after years of Disney/marvel flavourless sludge, this colorful mess is a breath of fresh air.
I look forward to the Re:View of 1313 Mockingbird Lane.
The B&W shots look 10000% better!!
Idk why but the audio of the trailer strikes me as if they recorded the scenes with a new iPhone and then just kept the actual audio from the phone
As soon as you appeared in my life.
I've seen amauter films shot in a smartphone that looks better and more professional than that show... lol
It's not that Rob Zombie is overrated. Because he's not highly rated or respected. He's just the most over-indulged, under-talented amateur in Hollywood. And not even in a campy Ed Wood way.  He's a guy without an artistic vision but still gets it wrong in every way possible. And stop putting your hack actress wife in your films, Rob.
The mic popping in the opening narration is unacceptable on ANY level. You just don't hear that on anything that's supposed to be a real production.
Dost thou needeth reason?
We not going to mention how the voice over dude sounds like Mike doing his voice over voice?
Mike wasn't wrong, there was a slowed down Smells Like Teen Spirit for the movie The Gallows
I don't know how true this is but I heard around $40 mill budget on this...so...
I do hope they put out a black and white version of the entire movie.
This Munsters reboot?  Looks terrible
Soon as this trailer was released, I watched it and immediately thought RLM is going to talk about this one.
Calling it now: Herman’s voice will get old real quick.
The teaser trailer that was in black in white wasn’t that bad
They did a slowed down version of Smells like teen spirit for the opening credits of Black Widow.
No Mike was actually thinking about Smells like Teen Spirit in another movie trailer. Where they slowed it down.
jeez
Smells Like Teen Spirit was in The Gallows trailer.
Mike singing "dragula" has made my life worthwhile!!!
I'm just surprised he didn't have the Munsters living in a dirty trailer park.
I also cannot believe the studio released this trailer
The trailer looks so bad I am really worried  It looks like a TV movi
Anyone remember those cruddy studio ads that would play before your VHS ad packet ended, It would be the “look for these great films in blockbuster” and it would be the dookiest movies ever made? This trailer looks like those ads, and honestly it takes talent to be that incompetent in this day and age and this far into someone’s career like Rob Zombie’s.   I swear this guy makes movies for people that think ironic cruelty is art.
Must consume more 60 year old products
Man its like the same quality as a kids show from Canada, Hilarious House of Freightenstein
I legit thought it was a fake fan thing on first viewing.
Wow it did look a ton better in black and white. But instead they thought it would be clever to take a famously black and white show and do the opposite with it.
Sounds like he says “saw you as a prude in my mind”
I saw Rob Zombie live in concert two days ago. He played this on a big screen in between songs - most awkward audience reaction I've ever seen. A smattering of claps and then dead silence until the next song came on.
Whoa I don't mind horror reviews but this shit is way too scary for me.
It looks like Rob zombie's home movies.
Who's eating Muenster cheese while watching this?
to be honest the fact that the trailer is so bad is probably a good thing and hopefully intentional because who the fuck would be talking about a Munsters reboot otherwise
I feel like there's a decent movie hiding under all this but who knows if we'll ever see it in that form
The notification about this video flied to me when I was listening RobZ's last album)  Osmosis reacts quickly, lol)) It's great album also)
the mundanesters
Finally!
danger zone in top gun 2
This is why I like you’re content. You brought up many things that I never even thought about, like the font and the way it was presented.
Didn’t have the guts to make it in black & white, and Herman was a complete miscast. Embarrassing.
You know you've struck comedy gold when Mike busts out the horse noises
I think the problem is the kind of movies Rob derives this from all have shitty production. And ironically shitty production is still, in fact, shitty production  Love Zombie regardless. A better musician than film maker.
Fred Gywnn actually bought a farm over the hill from my home in western MD where he spent his last decades.
Rest assured, being a Munsters fan, and seeing as how he made a fricking song about it and owns the vehicle…Dragula will show up.
They will literally talk about anything that's not the Batman
9:30, You know, if anything, Rob Zombie using Dragula in a Munsters movie would be the most appropriate time to do that. That song is inspired by the Munsters episode "Hot Rod Herman" where they build a drag racer they dub "Dragula"
Funny enough the The Batman theme is all based on the Nirvana tune Something, and its kinda awesome, whether you never watch or not.
What's interesting about the use of colored lights is that if you watched the movie Muster, Go Home!, they used colored lights in the opening scenes set in the Muster home. But they did it well (lights were on aspects of the set, not glaring on the cast), and Zombie...has not.
Just think ... This is what the studio decided was the best for The Munster's after getting cold feet with it's Bryan Fuller take around 2010. Take it away from the guy that has made amazing critically acclaimed shows like Pushing Daisies and Wonderfalls, and a bunch of critically acclaimed and commercially successful shows like Dead Like Me, Heroes (Pre-writer Strike), Hannibal and American Gods. Give it to the guy who was the worst part of his own band (Both of them), and made 2 Decent and 5-7 terrible movies.  ....Though Brian Singer was attached as director to the Fuller version, so.....   (Ironically, the color affects looks like it's trying to steal Fuller's love of tweaking saturation, but has no idea how to do it and just bathes everything in colored light).
I feel like I'm the only person in the world who actually enjoyed this trailer and thinks it was released exactly as intended
This looks Mike Meyer’s Cat in the Hat doing Linda Richman bad
5:35 House of a Thousand Corpses was a Universal Horror Nights maze before it was a movie lol
Jay has no love for The Munster TV show. :(
The direct-to-streaming landscape seems to be devolving to the point we may actually get _Samurai Cop_ levels of so-bad-it's-hilarious very soon.
Wholesome content
And we still can’t get a the Batman review…
Unfinished bad trailers are called "Viral marketing stunts"
Heavy fuzzy bass playing the first 3 notes.
I've been following Rob and making of this. I thought it was going to be in theaters. Nope. I guess it wasn't good enough for theaters.
I'm glad they named the newest movie category - the covid era.
I'm glad someone else is as mystified and fascinated by this car-wreck as I am. I actually do have some fond memories of the munsters from seeing it on Nick at Nite when I was a kid, but really my interest in it is more akin to the moments leading up to an animal attack in a show called "animal attacks"
Brain Smasher....now that was a love story..try finding that on dvd
1:30 - Lithos Pro Bold is the name of that one font.
As a director, Rob Zombie is a great musician.
Do we think this is a case where if they didn't make something they would lose the IP so they just banged it out to keep it?
The latest Frasier trailer is a decent example of that "using an old song/jingle" to add tension that they're talking about..
Looks like Universal is trying to max out their tax write-downs…
It feels like money laundering of sorts. Or tax write-offs.
It looks like the porn parody.
How hilarious would this be if it ended up being an actual legit horror movie... Like they're a family of lunatic mass murderers, the entire rest of the movie is just wall to wall gore and the scenes we've seen in the trailer are completely out of context.
the colors is an homage to Mario Bava 😎
zombie wanted to shoot this in black and white but the studio nixed it, so he went for a "hypercolor" live action cartoon vibe.  he also came up as a pa on pee wee's playhouse, so that might answer a lot of questions about both productions.
7:17 “as soon as you appeared in my life”
I wish I could say a negative thing about the movie, but I'm just happy that a movie from a big studio is releasing with, what looks like, a plot with a beginning, middle and end.
I saw the post that said it was coming to Netflix, and then I saw a 2nd trailer that was an ad for the BluRay release in September. So Universal is just like “here, take this. Watch it or whatever.”
I heard the reason for the whacky lighting is Zombie apparently saw colorized set photos of the original show and realized everything was garishly neon.  The problem is, is was garishly neon to look good in black & white (as shown here).  It's like how in early TV everyone was wearing bright blue makeup to look good in monochrome.
It's the Geocities of movie trailers.
I just find it more annoying that he has to include Sheri Moon in all his films.
As long as Rob Zombie doesn’t ruin Monster Squad I’ll be okay.
this would have been the perfect project for danzig
The movie that asks the question: "Can Rob Zombie make a kid's movie?"  A question nobody had.
7:23 “…soon as you appeared in my life” is the mush mouthed line.
It all looks like a porno (The trailer and Jay and Mike's bits)
Mike is the Creature with the Black Liver.
Omg for a moment I thought Mike is gonna reference use of 'Something in the Way' in the Batman!
Now talk about the music in Black Panther 2. Now!
Looks like shit but Zombie has been talking about doing this for years
The line Jay couldn't make out was 'as soon as you appeared in my life'.
Is the reason you're talking about The Munsters is it keeps you from having to do more BOTW content?
Hahahaha the fact that you won’t even mention the actual song Mike was referring to, Nirvana’s Something in the Way because it’s from The Batman lmao!!! I see what you did there!
He was thinking of the slow version of 'smells like teen spirit' by Malia J in Black Widow
I've  seen porn parodies that looked better than that trailer.
This movie looks delightful, develop a taste for garbage please
Batman had slow mo nirvana
2:25 I never saw the trailer and I actually thought Mike was doing a voice-over for a joke.
The Munsters has to be one of the trailers of all time
Fun fact about those slowed-down music themes: "The Batman" did that with a Nirvana song. Hey, have you guys seen, "The Batman?"
At this point Rob Zombie is just spooky Adam Sandler. Horrible movies with budgets not reflected on screen starring all his friends.
It's a rather eventful time in the American experiment.
Why
It reminded me of the trailers from the 90's; the really terrible, insulting ones that treated their audiences like morons
A good example of what the trailer could’ve been just think of curella
You know what would make zombies movies better? A divorce.
Rob zombie the M rated Tim Burton
I hear a Rich Evans BOTW exclusive RobZombie episode coming up when this movie gets dropped.
There's 2 trailers now
I’m so confused by this movie in general
Who else paused the video 10 seconds in to look up the trailer?
Fun fact grandpa munster had a car named the dragula
Pretty sure Rob Zombie is embezzling all those millions of dollars and pocketing it by the look of this movie at his last terrible horror movie.
Didn’t rob zombie do Pee Wee’s Playhouse.  I guess this isn’t too much of departure.
Rob Zombie worked on the Pee Wee Herman show as a production assistant.
lol that fucking Mummy trailer
I appreciate these hack frauds for really helping us understand hack fraudery. This video is up there with F FOR FAKE in its own right.
HOLY FUCK! I KNOW WHY I RECOGNIZE THAT FONT!  That used to be Spoony's font for every video he used to make!
I love The Munsters. I'm also quite keen on Rob Zombie's music. But this,....this is...(sigh) this is really shit looking. I can only hope Cassandra Peterson has a good role in it. (I see she is in the film) Why not film in ON film and in B/W? The colour film versions were never as cool as the TV show versions.
"As soon as you occurred in my life". That's the garbled line, I think.
As a big fan of the OG Munsters, I’m sure me and my dad will end up seeing it. It doesn’t look great, but I think there’s something there. Grandpa sounds good, lily seems good, Herman - ehhh. I mean, the Munsters is incredibly silly and has that ridiculous humor, so people unfamiliar with it might think it’s just awful. Either way, I’ll give it a shot. Probably be let down 😂- but I’ll give it a shot
Glad to see a creator not bend to the lamestream media and talk about what real Americans care about.
Does it look kinda terrible? Yes. Does the idea of a pg Rob Zombie Munsters movie with a budget of $20 intrigue me immensely? Also yes.
I found it hilarious that The Munsters trailer felt like a modern SNL skit and Universal approved of this! ROFL
I think is secretly broke n made this for the cash n now hes off in the sunset
"As soon as you appeared in mah life" is the new "part-time"
The color in the trailer reminds me of Verotika
Not gonna lie.. I was kinda looking forward to a Rob Zombie style Munsters.. lol
Am I the only one who think the Munsters trailer is perfect?
Rob zombie is the most strange choice for director.
That slow music trend is still going, in the new Black Panther movie trailer they had No Woman No Cry performed by Tems. I don't know what's more cynical, that Bob Marley's estate didn't give them the original or that Disney didn't want to pay, or that Disney straight up didn't want it and thought a more slow somber version was the way to go.
Anyone else instantly look for the original theme tune?
"Went to TGI Friday's  A lot of guys think they're good with the TouchTunes but what you've gotta do is, you've gotta get the people going. So you throw on something like a Remix to Ignition, a song that everybody loves, and once they're all rocking out and they're like 'wooooo...'  ...that's when you hit 'em with a Dragula  I played it probably four times straight in a row"
07:28; 'as soon as you appeared in my life.'
Easily the worst and cheapest looking trailer I have ever seen for any movie or show.
Smells like teen spirit was slowed down in black widow.
Wait that was for a movie!? I thought they were doing a new Munsters tv show for like Hulu or something
I hope the movie doesn't completely suck I was pretty excited about this I mean... I know that normal people didn't watch the munsters, but me and my brother did and consider it a part of our childhood
How come Mike has a Hitler-'stache?
Sheri Moon Zombie not being able to act also doesn't help with the trailer
Black Widow was the movie with slow Smells like Teen Spirit.
"Like a children's TV show..." Wait... you mean... like The Munsters!?
The trailer is on YouTube
The chucky movies are actually lit
Can I not recommend a movie to watch? It reminds me of Monster Squad.
I think the garbled line is "soon as you approve it my wife"
This trailer gave me Son of the Mask flashbacks.
Nice Prometheus call back.
Same thing happened with the first trailer for House of 1000 Corpses,
The beginning of the trailer sounds like the intro for Wheel.of the Worst more than anything else it could possibly sound like.
Let us please have an F in chat for the late lamented Don LaFontaine, a.k.a. 'Movie Trailer Guy'. We will never be In A World Gone Mad again.
I knew as soon as I watched that trailer it would be great material for Half in the Bag
I really hope Rob Zombie figured out how to have his wife naked in a kids movie. I would actually be impressed by that. I still wouldn't watch it though.
They said the Munsters movie looked like it was directed by Pee Wee Herman. I'm assuming they knew they Rob Zombie worked on the art production for Pee Wee's Playhouse.
As soon as I saw Mrs. Robert Zombie, I knew Jay would have an opinion on it.
Space Cop had better production value
"I Got 5 On It (feat. Michael Marshall) [Tethered Mix from US]" by Luniz IMO is a good example of slowing down a popular song for a horror movie
The Adam's Family 3D animation was surprisingly good as far as this genre goes. Hard to top that.
‘Grungy Metal Nonsense’.  Band name… :)
Well, now I want to hear Mike sing a full length version of "Dragula".
if trailer was perfect then you probably won't be talking about it, so i guess they did this on purpose :)
Well, it's clearly intentional. Like a Darkthrone album. The question in how "good of a taste" it's executed. But the people complaining in comments to the trailer seems just brainless.
Typeface, guys. Not font. 😉
Looks like a porn parody
the trailer is so bad he did in on purpose :) he could not do something so bad otherwise
10:50 I think Mike’s thinking of ‘Something in the way’ from The Batman movie
Here’s a thought: do Universal actually own The Munsters? Or if they are just licensing it from someone else so they just have to make something with the property every few years in order to keep it?
Thank God. In these dark times I was waiting to hear word about the Munsters trailer. Red Letter Media has soothed my soul.
Slowed down ‘smells like teen spirit’ was used in black widow
The letter are big because '80s TV were small.
for no reason is more accurate
Another Rob Zombie film with his wife cast, Rob Zombie and Kevin Smith should do a collaboration and just cast their family members solely.
I know the Addams Family movie's weren't perfect either, but wow they are Oscar worthy compared to this Munsters thing. It looks like a Spirit Halloween commercial. Why do a prequel instead of just a remake with all of the characters? Why make Herman's voice so unbelievably bad and annoying? I just don't understand if Rob Zombie supposedly loves this IP why he would insult it like this.
Lords of Salem is underrated
I still think Rob Zombie only makes movies because no one else will cast his wife.
I think that font is the The Mask poster font
ENDLESS TRRRRRAAAAASSSSHHHH
I thought the trailer was fake.  Amazing to find out it wasn’t.
I love how quickly Netflix went from the premier streaming service to the modern equivalent of direct-to-video.
From White Zombie, comes something More Human than HUMAN: AVID EDITING PRESENTS; Wut?
This is Zombie's homage to the biggest mistakes in movie history.
I can't wait for the Munsters Cinematic Universe.
This reminds me of a classic Picard episode
Can't wait for Danzig's version of Munsters
Thank you for finally, FINALLY discussing 'The Batman'.    Wait the Munsters?  Really?....  well okaaaaaay?
Speaking of important things what about that Morbius review you hacks?
You guys shouldnt be mocking this when you liked stuff like obi wan and the black phone
90% of the time I dont agree with RLM. But everything they said about this trailer, is so true!
7:24 "as soon as you appeared in my life".
Enough people have talked about the Supreme Court! I am just glad someone was brave enough to have a 15 minute rundown of how strange The Munsters looks.
I actually enjoyed House of 1000 Corpses.  Am I the only one?
It looks like a cheap as fuck halloween car insurance ad.
Hey, the font may be bad, but at least they didn’t use Papyrus.
After seeing that you have a video about the trailer I decided to watch the trailer so I could better understand your review. I now wish I had washed my mouth out with a revolver instead.
Okay, so I just watched Trailers 1 and 2, and you really only need 1, 2 really didn't have anything special. Okay... I don't know what I'm getting into, I assume this is a revival property from the like 60s or 70s. It looked corny, and kind terrible, i have no idea if it will be any good. 4 minutes in I tracked down the fake trailers... FU MANCHU... oh buddy. (They were on Dailymotion because of the nudity (and probably gore) in a surprising number of the trailers) This episode is going to be nothing but sidetracking and tangential look ups.  Yep and me looking up slow nirvana songs, I'm glad I recalled the 2 I thought of.  Teen Spirit was done in the Pan film. That cover of Teen Spirit is really a fun listen, sung by Hugh Jackman as Captain Hook.  Just a note on this version, it's better if you get to see the great mines reveal they have all the kids work in, it just works better that way. This version is a little hard to make out, I thought there was a cleaner version. Maybe it isn't as fun of a listen. [Pan - Smells Like Teen Spirit Extended] I take it back... It's very whatever. I remember it being better. Also for the Black Widow Trailer they did a Slowdown of Teen Spirit as well. [Malia J - Smells Like Teen Spirit Lyrics (Black Widow Soundtrack)]
Maybe if they actually watched the Batman movie they would know that they did the Nirvana slow cover in it.
Spent more time talking about this than they did northman. Great job guys.
I'm more in favor of it being a dark and gritty movie. The sitcom was great but do we really need more of that style? It would be interesting to see the same characters actually behaving like the monsters that they are.
These two should be Hollywood Consultants on how to make movies.
Did RLM stop drinking?
What was that fake movie trailer with the fallen priest, he had a cool mask, very grindhouse looking?  It's been bugging me for months.
Finally tackling the issues that REALLY MATTER.
The trailers crap, and everybody's talking about it. Good marketing.
Please just make a video on Minions: The Rise of Gru I’m begging you! That movie had me balling my eyes out and I think you guys would love it
The recent Wednesday(Addams) trailer was short but got people intrested, Tim Burton feels like a good fit for an Addams reboot. This Munsters trailer was every shade of wrong.
The thing that really gets me about it is that the reported budget is 30-40 MILLION dollars - by far his highest budget movie - and it looks like it costs 1% of that.
It looks like that bizarre Halloween themed cooking show
As I guy in my 40s, with a five year old son...I think I found the demographic...and it's me!
Looks like Comunity Theater Actors play in a home made Fanfilm. The Actors have a lot of fun but at this time, I cannot see me watching this  Movie.
I saw this trailer at a Rob Zombie concert last week... hahahaha
Maybe the marketing firm realised that more people would talk about a bad trailer and released it knowingly...
What's Prometheus?
The voice over sounds more like Mike putting on a generic trailer voice.
Not completely defending Rob Zombie here, but I think the movie is meant to be black and white. The teaser that came out was in black and white.  And Rob Zombie, going with the direction he is, very much feels like he's trying to be as faithful to the source as possible.  Which leads me to believe that he intended the movie to be black and white, but there was push back to also have a color version.
Lol wat?
Here at 88,639 views.
the one time you are allowed to use spooky letters is the Munsters, and they don't even do it. come on, man!
Maybe this is intended to be the next instalment of Universal's dark universe franchise? It's certainly nailed the, ah, tone.
Nice
The Munsters movie is for me.. I loved watching  “the Munsters” on Nick at nite. And I like rob zombie’s movies. I’m going to watch it. Sheri Moon zombie as Lily Munster. I don’t remember the name of the husband but he was always wearing running outfits and costumes. So it seemed like something that would be on the show. The trailer is bad on purpose ,  you’re talking about it . A lot of people are talking about it
where's da batmun review
This trailer just pisses me off. And Jay, the line is, “As soon as you appeared in my life.”
Oh, look. Rob Zombie made another shitty movie, starring his wife, who can't act. Does he take lessons from Paul WS Anderson? It also feels/looks like that awful Danzig movie.
I guess fuck you its january is quickly becoming fuck you its movie. also they should call it moonstes, because its ass.
I dont know what anyone else saw, but i am delighted by the trailer
5:27 - Mug Moment
it feels like there was no effort into it, no thought.  if the aim is to make it garrish then it should do it all the way. as it is it feels like you got your 1M, put half in your pocket and scrambled with the rest at production
Rob did set design on pee wees playhouse
The only decent thing he ever did was White Zombie.
For me this "(slowed) recognizable music" trend reach the peak of "cringeness" with the use of Sweet Child O' Mine in the Thor: Love & Thunder TV spot trailer.
" Cop 1/2   2"  so wouldnt that just be 3 cops? if i have math right?
I accidentally hovered my mouse over 12:00 and I coulda sworn that was a coked up Howard Hamlin talking to Gus Fring.
9/27 blu ray I'll be there. It's already a cult classic.
It made me think of RINO productions trailer
I hate the slowed down music trend in trailers.  Smells like teen spirit was slowed down in the black widow opening. And it’s equally terrible
That trailer font they showed looked like something you would see in movie trailers twenty years ago.
Thank you for having the courage to discuss this human rights issue. You're true humanitarians.
I could have made a better trailer...
The voice over sounds like scratch VO the editor recorded, and then they were like, "fuck it, good enough."
Scorpion King 3, if anyone's curious, is one of the most hideously fascinating movies I've ever seen. (R I P Kimbo Slice)
Smells Like Teen Spirit was done in Black Widow and Mike was correct as usual.
Mike talking about trailers not using nostalgic songs anymore while Black Panther 2 just released their trailer using dramatic slow version of No Woman No Cry is poetry
12:12 So THIS is where Lou Diamond Phillips has been hiding, in an Universal 3th tier movie!? Dude, I can decide if that's funny 😂 or sad 😭
7:24 Sounds like _as you have proven my love._
9:58 "icantbelievewerehavinthisconversation" is a mood
Fun fact: Mr. Plinkett was Grandpa on the original Muensters and he hasn't aged a day since. Is he actually Dracula? Only time and terrible movie reviews hosted by hack frauds will tell.
Maybe the whole thing is a swerve and the real movie will be a violent slasher movie. (It'll still suck though.)
Mike, DO NOT encourage more slowed down, dramatic versions of popular songs in trailers. Sweet Jesus, man.
Fred Gwynn falls into the Yoda problem. Everyone, including official sequels and prequels, decided Yoda just talked in Latin syntax, but he only ever did that when he was punctuating something. Herman had a very normal, pleasant, respectable 'Father Knows Best' voice when he wasn't Hermaning up. This is like an impression of an impression. Like literally every Schwarzenegger impression ever.
I kinda wish this movie to be a surprise success, at least a small one. Where we can see the cast, writers and crew had mindless earnest fun during the shoot. RZ had to do with the apparent horrible budget Universal gave him, so he, the actors and his crew just were there to get the best out of it and have a blast.
Not sure I agree with Jay's solution to the homeless problem; but I'm glad we're finally discussing politics now.
The ‘root beer commercials’ look so much better, campy cartoon halloween can be cool, this is just a terrible execution of that aesthetic
that font is killing me. i know ive seen it before - it unlocked memories of seeing my moms scrapbooking supplies in the late 90s - but i dont know what it issssss
I’m already laughing and all I’ve done is read the title!
"Who is this movie for?"  ...it might be for me.
FUCK THE SYSTEM ! ! !
Garbled Herman line: "As soon as you appeared in my life"
When What We Do in the Shadows (The TV version) looks like it has a higher budget than this despite sharing the same campy tone and being set in an old manor, you know you did something wrong. Seriously, even the old show looks more appealing than this reboot(?)
Clearly Rob Zombie made the trailer. He’s not a Good director. Saw his devils reject movie, while it’s fun, on a technical level is made very poorly and amateurish. Which is how these Munsters trailer looks.
Was Mike thinking about Smells Like Teen Spirit in the opening credits of Black Widow
When i first heard about this movie i was thinking and hoping it would be in B&W but then i saw the trailer. The color is so over done that it ruines what could still be a good shlocky horror comedy like the show was.
I'm hoping Rob is actually smart and is just pulling a Puella Magi Madoka Magica.  If you know, you know.
“All these gritty hard R movies” 😳😳😳
This is a Rob zombie release trailer he's even got a Blu-ray mini trailer advertising for the Blu-ray this isn't supposed to be some high-dollar movie like everybody says it's supposed to be he even says where are they coming up with this $40 million this was supposed to be a low budget movie directly to Netflix that's how it's always been but everybody wants to jump the gun and assume and think they know everything
I love Rob Zombie as a musician and loved House of 1000 Corpses and Devil’s Rejects... but everything since then has been disappointing 😭
TALK ABOUT THE BATMAN
Rob Zombie has always been a hack. They try and sell movies on his stupid spooky name.
Us also used a slowed down creepy version of an old song. I got 5 on it
It's pretty sad seeing just how much the studio didn't give a flying fuck about it. Munsters deserved better.
I'm upset about a lot of things.
It has to be deliberately bad.
That Grindhouse "Don't" trailer brings back memories!
10:53: Pretty sure that Mike's thinking of the cover of Smells Like Teen Spirit from 'Black Widow'.
It's all about family...
The font is Lithos (black) a late 80's design making it quintessentially 90's style (A total mismatch for the Munsters era of course) Then to make it worse it's been awkwardly stretched to fit the frame while keeping the spacing, which is beyond amateur hour. He should have just used "the official meme font" Impact Bold like he did in his grindhouse trailer.
The font is Adobe Lithos. Ugly spaced and manually squashed. 🤢
They should have used PAPYRUS font! that would have solved everything.
Amen for calling out the songs. I hate that every movie slows down popular songs and has some haunting 20 year old sing poorly over it. Worst offender: The latest Matrix.
NOPE
Jay mentioning Cop and a Half has made my day
Glad to see the proud tradition of the Munsters being the lesser Addams Family continue.
I feel this  is the type of media need but in shit form.
Sometimes I forget Rob Zombie is a director, I will always first think of him as one of the few still standing bastions of hillbilly rock/metal. Nice to know he’s got his hobbies
At 11:00, Mike may have also been thinking of the Smells Like Teen Spirit cover being used in Black Widow.
The trailer looks like a Full Moon Features movie.
All of these direct to video sequels sound like of the cuff riffing, please tell me they aren’t real.  This kind of opens the door, in my mind at least, for a Rob Zombie directed Ernest Goes to movie.
waiting for rob zombie to say he was influenced by psycho III
Remember that fire that Universsl studios tried to play down (seemingly successfully) of their old original film Archives? I'm starting to wish their rights to all these IPs where burnt instead.☹
I think if a child sees the words “Rob Zombie director of Halloween, House of 1000 Corpses and The Devils Rejects” theyre gonna think those are fun fake monster names
This gives me Halloweentown vibes. Shoulda been a Disney Channel original halloween movie from the early 2000's.
Pee Wee Herman Munster  You're welcome.
the font and first scene reminds me of Buffy
I really want your Star Trek SNW review
Im going with the theory that its a red herring
Now we can get the origin of the Dragula
When’s the next BotW?
NBC's 2012 pilot _Mockingbird Lane_ used a slow, portentous arrangement of the _Munsters_ theme  – not unlike what Mike described.
The Munster trailer took 12 years to make!
Are we sure this isn’t from the guy who brought us “Verotika”? It has the same cinematic atmosphere (trash).
'The greatest love story ever told......beeerb!'
the 2020's are just gonna be the decade where Hollywood rejects giving VFX artists a proper union after 7 marvel movies without polished CGI, and just embraces the South Park joke and Bathesda games policy:  "Fuck you, you'll watch this shit anyway"
I don’t think Munsters is a lesser IP Universal owns though? They are about as popular as Adams Family and that series has done well. If we can have them being more dark, Munsters can come in and do the more family friendly side.
Anybody remember Mockingbird Lane back in 2012? It was just a pilot episode and it didn't get picked up but it would have kicked ass.
I trust Rob Zombie... he's not the greatest, but he knows his monsters and freaks; at least it's someone who isn't Paul Fieg. The metal dads and mums will watch this, and I'll give it a go on netflix because we haven't seen the munsters in years
The audio of the trailer made me feel like I was watching goosebumps from 1998
this looks like a great star trek
I really like the character designs and colors used to make the Munsters look like the Munsters, but that's literally it.
Universal has a streaming service?
The Room even has better production standards than this thing. The 1991 Addams Family movie is the benchmark for how this should have looked. That looks timeless.
Bryan Fuller actually wrote and produced a "reboot" of the Munsters for network television way back in 2012 called "Mockingbird Lane" starring Eddie Izzard as Grandpa, and even though it only ever had a pilot and was never picked up for a full season, it was better in literally every conceivable way than this strange piece of Rob Zombie garbage..  it had better sets, better acting, better visuals, writing, music... I'm not sure if the world really needs a Munsters reboot, but its sad a decade old TV Pilot is about 20x more interesting.
The line you can't make out from Hermann seems to be "soon as you appeared in my life"
It would be good if the story was different (not a back story and with the whole family present), if the main character (Herman) was more like the original, if the script/ dialogue was better and if the jokes were funny.
Rob zombie has said several times the thing that got him into doing horror movies was his love for schlocky b-movies and sci-fi horror from his youth. Him doing a Munsters vehicle doesn't surprise me one bit.
Wait, that’s what that song is from? That thing’s iconic, but I’ve never heard of the show.
I'm not sure why, but me and my wife thoroughly enjoyed the trailer and are looking forward to watching the movie.
'Flintstones' is campy and clean. 'Scooby Doo' is campy and clean. This looks like a student film final.
There’s both a Nosferatu and a Dracula?
I want my Batman review!! 😡😡
Hard R movies?? 😰
$40 million budget is the most insane part.  Edit: I want to add, I was wrong about this, apparently the budget rumor is not true.  Zombie commented about this, says he has no idea where that number came from, and he implies the budget is actually under $9 million (he didn't get into specifics, might be considerably less).
I love, Mike takes notes on toilet paper, it's great to see Jay take notes on an equally bathroom-vital item.
I loved this video but tbh you guys really don't know what the movie is gonna be like and I get that this is part of the joke. On the other hand, you've gotta be excited for a stupid spooky b movie for kids that looks like this in 2022. You guys mentioned that it reminded you of the cheesy Halloween commercials from the 90s. What's wrong with that? I agree that the trailer was shit, but a lot of people are super into shit. I think this film will be wonderfully terrible.
if relevance is above zero, you can always set budget low enough, that is: lower. simple, really.
It might be genius.
Honestly, I think Rob did the Munsters for him and his friends. People forget the campy stuff he did like The Haunted World of El Superbeasto from 2008.
When I heard the voice over the first time I honestly thought it was Mike.
Jay took notes. It must be the End of Days.
11:13 In that Crap , Fully Miscast The Batman Movie Trailer They used Come as You are By Nirvana All Slowed Down too.
Only 14 minutes? I was expecting a frame to frame analysis on the Munstars trailer, shame on you guys.
Finally..
This is going to be a cult midnight special stoner movie
I honestly think the cast is fine, with the exception of Herman.  Especially if you’re trying to tie it into the 60’s show, which it somewhat seems to be (though the 70’s shot seems to counter that).  If you were going to tie it in, it should have been Brad Garrett in the role, with zero exception.  He’s got the height, look, and can even perfectly imitate Gwynn’s voice and mannerisms.  As for the film itself, I get what RZ is going for, but I have serious doubts it will work.  He seems to be going for that retro silly style from the 60s, which is far too reminiscent of the Schumacher Batman films for me to think it will actually succeed.
Can't wait to see this movie ten times in the theater.
"from the director of... Halloween." the shitty reboot... and its shittier sequel... I hope he isnt trying to pretend that he was responsible for the John Carpenter version. >.>
The echo thing is funny. I like the trailer but yes it has a lot of mistakes
So, is it a failed publicity stunt or leak of an unfinished trailer?
The weird font at the start is because it's the Universal Pictures font used for the old monster movies. The retro Universal Production credit before makes it clear.
Too green. This is like that Hulk movie with Eric Bana.
Herman’s voice really threw me.  I get not wanting to do a Fred Gwynn impersonation, but I would think you’d want to go with something… Funny.
Seems totally bizarre to me that they wouldn't use the Munsters' theme in the trailer. It's probably the only thing people who didn't grow up with it know about the show, since it's in that one Fall Out Boy song.
Their newest Best of the Worst must contain some really bad movies since they've been stalling a new release with impromptu discussions for over two weeks now.
I really appreciate how simple but complex their videos are!
I love that the RLM crew is now at the point where they're just going "ah, fuck it! Let's just talk about whatever we feel like!".
I'm going to watch this movie unironically when its released
time to send the astrocreep to the old folks home
There were 666 comments and the last 33 fucked up... Oh wait
Smells Like Teen Spirit was slowed down-ified for the Black Widow movie. So Mike was rightish.
I showed this trailer to my mother (who was a big fan of The Munsters growing up), and she liked it just fine. I actually think this may be a case of intentional stylistic suck. It's not like The Munsters was dazzling audiences with top-shelf props, costumes, and makeup back in the day. Rob Zombie might be going for the cheap and hokey look on purpose.
7:21 that’s pretty obvious “as soon as you appeared in my life”. It’s garbled, but I have a hard time believing any American wouldn’t be able to make that out.
The trailer kinda gives off that vibe of y2k made-for-tv  Halloween kids movies like hocus pocus
Of course Rob Zombie is friends with the GEICO Caveman
I’m glad I’m not the only one who’s thought about taking their life after watching the trailer
This looks like a cheap knockoff of What We Do in the Shadows tv show.
Rob Zombie directed a Sprit Halloween commercial  and Mike and Jay talked about it
Did you guys go to the Rob Zombie concert recently?  That's where I saw the trailer for some reason.
I thought Plinkett and Jay was the greatest love story ever told.
It never fails to amaze me how Rob Zombie continues to get work
Mike's mouth quivered, holding back laughter after Jay said "Hard R".
Hats off entertainment did a really good video on this trailer, and the whole idea behind Rob being in charge. One of the points he made was that this movie is suppose to be a prequel to the show, but the main couple are close to 50 yrs old when Fred gwyne and his partner where in their mid 30s
Is this The Batman review?
the line is "as soon as you appeared in my life"
Rich would make an amazing Uncle Fester if they revive Addams Family.
Star trek strange new worlds review
It seemed at least hurried. Rob Zombie should have some vague, common idea about what a trailer should look like (at least not worse than most audience members).
I'm surprised Bruce Willis wasn't in it.
I think it looks awful. Mostly because of the casting of Hermann.
But what about Clerks 3?
I always knew Rob Zombie was a bad director who got lucky a couple times when he kept casting his wife who can't act in bigger and bigger roles, but it seems like he's trying to prove how bad he is at film making every time he puts another thing out these days.
Also Halloween did the slow down the theme thing
Wait, this is a reboot?
Is that mummy trailer really how it was?? That Tom cruise scream?? That's really what it was?
Here comes another blockbuster flop.
For weeks now my dad and I have no idea what to think about this movie.
It's a movie for grandparents to take their grandkids to
The Watchowski Brothers(?) cranking out a weird and subversive sequel to The Matrix the public didn't even want didn't work because they themselves didn't want it. Rob Zombie cranking out a weird and subversive trailer to the Munsters is awkward....but it actually does work. I'm actually kinda excited to see it, just cause nothing about that show was ever meant to be taken seriously anyway.
That Munster's trailer looks like a fan film.... at best.
The film honestly looks like a XXX Parody. If you told me to choose if this was a real film or an Adult Film Parody, I would pick the latter.
No Idea Why Devil's Rejects Is Listed after Halloween? Plus Grandpas Mustache makes No sense and Hermans Voice Sucks Really Bad. Plus Where the Crap Is Eddie And Marylyn ?
South Park has ruined me. There was a single shot of Russell Crowe and I start thinking about Fightin' Round the World and Tugga
I'm honestly surprised this hasn't inspired anyone to check out the failed pilot for Munsters that came out a few years back.  Hannibal's Bryan Fuller made it for NBC and while it wasn't picked up, it was still aired once for Halloween or something.  Jerry O'Connell as Herman, Portia De Rossi as Lily, Eddie Izzard as Grandpa, and i think a few other people who were in the range of "oh yeah, that guy from the thing".  I thought it was great, with a very dark humor to it, akin to Fuller's previous work on Pushing Daisies.
Is it supposed to look bad and have bad acting on purpose to evoke old movies?
This is finally going to end Rob Zombie’s career
This trailer looks like Goosebumps TV show-tier quality.
@1:40 The font is Lithos Black
"Herman Munster doing soyface" is not a thing I thought I would ever utter in this lifetime. But here we are.
I get Saturday the 14th Strikes Back vibes from this one..
Videonics flashback @1:54
I am one of the people who is tired of Rob Zombie casting his wife in all of his movies. She worked decently enough for her character in 1k Corpses and Devil's Rejects, but everything else she's been in was meh. I won't say she's a terrible actress, but she has a VERY limited acting range. I don't care for most of Rob Zombie's stuff anyway so I don't give a shit in the end.
Never heard of this until I saw this video
I was hoping you'd talk about this trashfire trailer!
Jay is so upset at these serial clippers that he's starting to title the videos like them
Whoa now Jay. Don’t call metal nonsense. Too far.
The Munst see movie of the year
I enjoy most elements of Rob Zombie's movies it always comes back to the writing and editing where the problems arise. My Hope Is everything we see in this trailer is in the first 10 minutes then it transitions to Black and White. Herman is horribly miscast he's Goofy and not in that Fred Gwynn lovable goof type of way. I wish you would have went to the ends of the Earth to find the right Herman.
Hey! Give Rob Zombie a break, this is the first time he is using Adobe Premiere.
The original show was campy shlock. This movie is campy shlock. Rob Zombie has made it know for years that he loved the show and wanted to make his own version. It looks like he has tried to keep it campy instead of doing a gritty realistic remake trope that Hollywood does all the time these days. The problem I have is that this movie looks terrible, but I can't tell if it's accidentally terrible or intentionally terrible.
Around 8:00 everything Jay says could be swapped into a conversation about a Sandler vehicle. It's like zombie is the Sandler of horror.
Gotta wonder how many hours of human life went into this. We could just not make the Munsters again but here we fuckin' go I guess
This was made for people on cat tranquilizers...
There was more creativity put into those 90's Elvira and Frankenstein beer commercials than this.
Rob Zombie looking like a Tim Burton’s Pee-Wee Herman is not far off once you know Rob Zombie was the set designer for Pee-Wee’s playhouse, who met each other thru Tim Burton.
I think I'm the only person who remembers that there was a late 80's/early 90's remake show and a mid 90's TV movie.
I'ts Morbin Time, but Munsters.
It always depresses me to hear how much money film studios will dump into garbage movies, when that money could have gone towards more meaningful pursuits. Some of them are so head-scratchingly bad that I have to wonder if they were only made to launder money or something.
I think you are trying to aim at the comedy style of what we do in the sadow (the movie) but with typical american humor
The film looks like a porn parody
It's pretty pathetic when a spate of film/streaming/show trailers fail to fulfill the basic metrics that describe a functional trailer. Silly dilly.
Yeah this might be the most baffling idea I’ve ever heard. It looks like a parody of a movie you would see in the world of a goofy comedy movie.
This movie looks pretty shitty. It should also be in black and white.
What if the trailer is to mislead the audience and...surprise! It's rated R for Rob Zombie's usual movie crap
I've been wondering about that janky sounding Mummy trailer for years!  Now I know!
"Makes Ben Hur look like an epic!"
So, when can we expect the full review of Kindergarten Cop 2?
I'm sure it's intentional
You know Jay's a hack because he takes notes on a PHONE.
They looked better in black and white, sheesh. Only use color if you actually know how to use color.
Yikes. I watched that. It looks like an April Fool's YouTube video.
Can't wait for the 4k release.
Review the Resident Evil show
The Batman soundtrack was practically just 2 chords of a Nirvana song ... the entire way through.
"They're not even spooky letters!"
That trailer makes it really, really hard for me to keep defending Rob Zombie as a competent director.
Mike and Jay... you are an inspiration.  I want and need your thoughts on my reaction. If you do not come back to me I will cry out loud in a really odd way.
The lighting in the trailer is clearly supposed to be an homage to Italian horror movies, because it's typical that when something supernatural happens in those films the lighting will go to vivid greens and purples to emphasize the 'unnatural' occurrence, but it' just looked weird and odd here.
To be fair to Mr. Robert Zombie, it was never him using Dragula in his trailers and films, it was every other studio, video game publisher, and trailer editor from the late 90's through like 2007.
I would have really preferred Mr. Plinketts The Munsters.
i think it just wrapped within the last 30 days
Herman is saying, "as soon as you appeared in my life" in that part you couldn't understand.
Zombie is a huge fan of the LowBrow art movement, it does not translate to film that great but Zombie is really trying to make it happen.
This would be better if it was in b/w
Another likely possibility, he had one of his friends do it.
It’s occurs to me that Rob is the spooky version of Netflix era Adam Sandler. Terrible crap filled with friends.
apparently this movie is going straight to Netflix, and i think this is a thrown together trailer just to get something out for it, because all we've gotten is stills
There's a second trailer with more stuff out there (Rob posted it on his Twitter account; it brings up the home video release).  But yeah, I'm bizarrely fascinated by this. Feels like it'll either bomb like the Hindenburg, or be a completely buried cult classic.
The main visual problem, is that they are going for a campy 60 neon style, but they obviously shot it on a hd digital camera. So you actually see every nuance, and in opposition, it destroy the eerie cinematic vibe of the whole image. Instead of a dreamy or psychotronic feel, a la suspiria, willy wonka or wizard of oz, you just see adult in ugly classic monster makeups with too much lighting, surrounded by cheap props.This really looks like a fan made movie droped directly on youtube
Honestly I feel like this trailer was intentionally horrible to get people talking about the movie. As someone who works in social media marketing, companies no longer care if they're getting positive or negative reactions- try just want clicks and interactions. Horrible negativity has been an incredibly popular tactic as of late. Everybody who does an interview has a controversial take for exactly that reason, articles and reactions will be made about the hot take and now you've successfully marketed something that otherwise nobody would've been talking about.
“Smells Like Teen Spirit” (slow epic version) was in _Black Widow_
The curse of the worst killed abortion. Plinketto #9
Rob zombie reasoned by saying the budget was shoestring and um studios wanted the move a certain way apparently.
If they're going with that guy as Grandpa Munster. Then I think Mike would be way better in the roll...
Jay asked who this is for. It's for Rob Zombie. That's it. He's the only one who would give a shit about something like this. He made it for himself.
The look of this movie immediately made me think of the Power Rangers clone show "Big Bad Beetleborgs" where the framing device was based around a goofy haunted house.
Well, if Rob Zombie's intention was to make something that looks bad then... congratulations?!
The real story here is that Jay watched a trailer.
So... when will this be on Best of the Worst?
I can't believe it actually looked better in black and white, it's still shit but I'm stunned it looks watchable like that
I needed this for some reason. Thank you.
dunno if anyone said it already but it was the black widow movie that used the slow smell like teen spirti I believe
But now I ironically wanna watch the movie to see what level of train wreck it will be and I suspect many others will too, so it will probably make at least a bit of coin for the studio.
they went out of there way to not bring up Nirvana in The Batman :D
I think studios commission these so that people watch it on other streaming services and go "Oh the original is way better."  And then they go to the studios' streaming service and pay them.
He should make the hockey movie even without a budget.
Id be more excited if it was dingy and dirty, instead it feels like a parody of a great show. Herman is casted so wrong and theres no fucking eddie, oe lurch
well it cant be a hit when its goin to streaming and blu ray same day no cinemas meaning its not worth the money to watch
Rob Zombie's Munsters ... which one of The Munsters will be the first to be tortured and assaulted graphically?
The Munsters YouTube channel posted the trailer.  So... there IS an official channel that posted it.
I have to throw this conversation thumbs down. Only because I am a fan of Lilly.
When will Red Letter Media talk about Strange New Worlds?
Is THIS the definition of "trailer trash"?
It’s for rob zombie and his kids
I distinctly remember that commercial Jay mentions at 5:25 ended with the Vampire uncle telling us to buy plenty of pepsi & doritoes for halloween.
dont type 666 after "watch" in the video url
"They're not even spooky letters" made me laugh lmao 😂 🤣
All of rob zombies movies are terrible so this should be good.
Is Bruce Willis in this..?
Exactly what I needed today
The slowed down iconic song trend is not gone, unfortunately. They did several times in the new Elvis movie.
They didn’t use “Dragula” because of gas prices very relevant news 📰
It looks like a cheap youtube show as opposed to a movie.
The lighting bothered me a lot too. Dead on about natural lighting shots looking way better
The Curious Creations of Christine McConnell and even At Home with Amy Sedaris look way better than this. And that's not a knock on either show but rather huge compliments because neither had any budget at all and look infinitely more interesting and way more expensive.
When I first heard about this, I thought it was a troll.
Marilyn Manson redid The Lost Boys theme song for the X-Men spinoff movie.
All points valid! I'm surprised they didn't compare it to Danzig's Verotica. Can't wait to see what they think of the actual "movie".
This Munsters movie is supposed to have a budget of $40 million? It looks,like they spent maybe $1 million on this garbage?
They're making/releasing it for tax reasons.
I'd probably watch it...
RLM and Milorganite, Milwaukee's two best refiners of sewage
Those that can’t do just sit and cry about it!
the only nice thing I can say about any of it is the Munsters theme is a banger
I was always confused about the Munsters and Addams Family
For anyone confused as to who this film is for, I'll tell you, its for Rob zombies wife who hasn't been in a film since Rob zombies last film
They released an unfinished, crappy trailer to give themselves cover because they knew they were going to announce a few days later that they were going dump it on Netflix instead of putting it in theaters or on Peacock+.
The Munsters is going to tie with Deck of Cards for best movie of 2022. Looking forward to seeing both of them at the Oscars next spring!
They did a dark and gritty reboot- it was called mockingbird Lane.
10:30 Didn't Black Panther 2 just do that?
Still can’t believe he got Sherri Moon Zombie to play the lead. She’s so picky with her roles. She must have really believed in his vision
The trailed feels less like like a real trailer and more like a fake trailer they whipped up to pitch the movie to the studio when they handed in the script. Like "Here's a loose representation of the corny tone we're going for that we shot and edited over a weekend.  But the actual trailer will be better."   ...but it isn't.
I heard the guy who produces the beastie boys allows dogs to shit in house.
The opening reminds me of the beginning of Scrooged when Frank makes his ominous booming version of a Christmas Carol commercial.
for once i cant tell if they are being serious
the song thing started with all along the watchtower in battlestar i think
Hollywood is broke
aM i THE ONLY PERSON WHO DID'NT HATE THIS TRAILER?
The font is Lithos, it comes free with a Adobe membership with means this was edited in Adobe Premiere.
The Munsters was one of the few '60s sitcoms that was spared a shitty '90s studio movie adaptation, at least until now. Something must have happened in the space time continuum to delay it appearing for 25 years, but here we are.  It must remind Mike of an episode of Star Trek.
Meteors colliding!
It looks like a Cartoon Network exclusive movie , or a Disney Channel movie.
Hey, did you guys see The Batman?  Good movie.
Rich Evans is my best friend, I watch him buy two Tuna foot-longs on Italian from Subway everday through my binoculars
Imagine being Rob, having to throw your terrible actress of a wife into everything you do, or there'll be hell to pay.
9:57- Mike's "I can't believe I'm having this conversation" should be clipped and inserted into every future RedLetterMedia review.
I kinda feel bad for Rob. He's been talking about this film for years and seems so damn passionate about it, and then it gets produced by 1440 and looks like this? He can't be pleased with the way it's going.  (That's not to say that it's 1440's fault if Rob can't make a good film, it just shows how little faith or care Universal have in the project if they palmed production off onto that subsidiary)
Black Widow had a sad, slowed down version of Smells Like Teen Spirit.
The slowed down ‘smells like teen spirit’ was used in the trailer for The Gallows
I thought this was about the show when I clicked on it, wasn't expecting it to be them talking about a movie trailer I wasn't aware of..
The trailer looks like a parody that Mega64 would have put together down to and including the exact font
The Munsters Trailer didn't get released on Universal's YouTube channel, but through the Munsters YouTube Channel.
Imagine the trailer featuring an OPERATIC version of Dragula? LOL!
It was first dropped on some unknown youtube channel? Not sure what is going on.
Good to see Glembeeza has worn off
of course he edited it. no one would pay for such a terrible job
I think some of these movies get made to keep the IP. Studios don't care, they just want to keep the rights.
Seems like this marketing tactic is working though...
This might be one of those cases of something way ahead of it's time. It's actually refreshing to see a trailer so unique. It got people talking. I'd say in actuality this one of the best trailers made in recent memory. I fucking hate trailers, they always give shit away and ruin the only good jokes. This is a masterpiece, deal with it.
Hats off to Rob Zombie for not being a pretentious auteur.
It felt like the Munsters to me
Greatest love story ever told? I thought this was a movie about Jay & Mr. Plinkett's GAY WEDDING!
This is phenomenal
For a moment, I thought it was the trailer for a porn parody.
This movie has ended Rob Zombie's career before the movie was even released.
It looks like a mid sized YouTube channel, like 43k subs that dose podcasts about old shows made this as a joke.
As a hardcore Munsters fan, I am appalled. A reboot of this could have been fantastic with a serious budget and some actual comedic actors and actresses. What a God-damned shame.
I bet they didn't do the theme song in the way Mike mentioned because the band fall out boy has stake in the song from sampling it
The trailer felt like it was the length of a movie.
I just love how The Batman stans are raging in the comments, and RLM couldn't care less.
Looks like a movie shot on video lol
Release a new BOTW you hack frauds!!
It's the Ecco the Dolphin font!
my friend and I watched this trailer the other day, and our jaws just dropped. I've never been this speechless in my life.
Mummy no music trailer still my favourite thing!
A Munsters movie directed by Pee Wee Herman would be aces.
The thing that bothers me about Herman Munster Is he sounds like a character from "I think you should leave" his performance is strange and like Jay said I can barely understand him. I watched The Munsters growing up so I get the performance he's trying to do but it doesn't work from what I saw in the trailer.
When I first heard that Rob Zombie was making a Munsters movie, I knew it would be awful and I was onboard with it 100%.   All this trailer did was make me more excited.
I'd like to see redlettermedia try to come back and make content in the current climate
Hit that Whopper button!!!
I didn't realize Neil Breen changed his name to Rob Zombie.
Um, the "...Talk About..." set of shows from RLM are supposed to use the names of the actual participants in the title. I hope whoever is in charge of consistency was fired for this error.
Ted Danson in green paint
We're all talking about the trailer though. I'm concerned that the studios are starting to learn the formula.
"He didn't use Dragula" ahahahahhaha
PG 90s Spooky is my jam!
Who is this for? Rob Zombie, that's who.
This convinced me to watch the trailer less than 2 minutes in
I was watching this and realized I hadnt watched the trailer yet, so i paused, pulled up another tab and watched it. Wow. Incredible. So bad. I came back to this to finish hearing their thoughts, not realizing the only part of the clip was a fart noise. It felt like an accurate way to close out.
With only a few exceptions, the last two years have felt like an endless Walmart Bargain Bin of movie mediocrity.  It says so much that one of my most enjoyable movie experiences of the last year was hate watching The Matrix Recycled. I laughed harder than at any comedy released since Covid hit.
Why does Mike have a Hitler mustache?
Respect the man bringing that double income into the home getting his wife a job
Watched the trailer in BW, actually looks half decent XD
I was just re-watching Zombie's Grindhouse trailer and noticed that the lazy impact font in on TOP of the cheap film scratch plug in.
I love the Munsters, I grew up watching it so it has a special place in my heart. When I first saw that Rob Zombie was making a Munsters movie I lowkey got pissed because I thought it was going to be a gritty, gross, nudity filled mess. But after hearing it's PG I do feel better about it. Still not gonna watch it tho
OMG THE VFX on that first trailer? That's like ... basic AfterEffects effects ith no tweaking LOL. The lighting is SOOOO BAD!!!
‘I got five on it!’
The old song trend is definitely not over and it annoys the shit out of me every time
I was ready for the rob zombie twist that never came! Before finishing the trailer I was wondering if The Munsters was in the public domain for Rob to be able to do a wacky slasher of the IP. But then it was just a wacky porn parody of the munsters the entire way through. It’s so unsettling I think I want to watch it!
‘I just did it!’
That trailer has worse production quality that Big Money Hustlas. The Insane Clown Posse movie...
The cast for this on IMDb is sci-fi stunt casting galore. It has Dee Williams (from E.T.), Sylvester McCoy (from Doctor Who), Catherine Schell (from Space: 1999), Jorge Garcia (from Lost) and Butch Patrick (from the original TV show of The Munsters, but not playing Eddie Munster, whose character isn't in the movie at all).
I'm glad that Mike and Jay didn't pretend that The Munsters is some beloved series that is now ruined. It's not and the closest you'll get to love for The Munsters is for Mr. Fred Gwynne or the Grandpa actor.
Mr Zombie has  a problem on his hands .... this trailer "leaked" to strengthen the chance that this won't go "Direct-to-Video".
Yesss, I love that Mummy footage
Rob Zombie? More like Rob... Zombie Director amirite?  Also, Mike breaking character at 9:57 is just perfect evidence that this is beyond comedic ribbing.
Because it's a Rob Zombie film, it will have an hour of back story and his wife's ass will make a cameo.
I haven't even watched the trailer .
"I think that slow down original song trend is over"  And here comes Ryan Coogler!
You two are pure genius.   Rob zombie should call you to help him Space Cop that trailer
Why do reviews at all after Obi wan?
Zombie has always been a trash filmmaker but has had a budget and competent crew surrounding him. Here, without that, it really shows!
Mike isn’t wrong - Black Widow did a slow cover version of “Smells Like Teen Spirit”.
Theres now a secodn trailer on Universal Pictures All Access YouTube.
Yes.
Another Rob Zombie movie starring his own wife? What a coincidence!
what
The voice of Herman Munster is just awful
Watch the trailer in black and white and it looks a lot better...
They can’t afford ADR
Looks like goosbumbs
I kinda like the campiness feel of it, the budget stated by Zombie is 4M. I love the Elvira movies so this is normal to me lol. Then the commenters on Bloody Disgusting started shitting on my post for saying I like it 😅
Surely this was an internal trailer that got leaked. Can't believe this is something the public was meant to see.
Journey got the trailer treatment for Stranger Things.
I'm with Jay! I can't believe somebody would cast their friends in their crappy camp retro movie.   Wait a minute...
Can it be Mr zombi trolling?
I’m convinced now rob zombie makes movies to show a loss to the irs so he can keep what little money his music still makes.
To think this could get made, but not a higher quality Gorilla Interrupted sequel.
Feels like he's doing double retro.  90's and the original.   Certain things look like the 90s with the colors and backgrounds but scences look astetically looks like the o.g.?
Talk about that abortion jurassic world dominion. That movie is beyond awful. Watched with my 10 year old son and we were both laughing at how bad it was
6 or 6.30 pm ?, channel 4 in the UK in the late 80,s early 90,s i think , this original show was shown on reruns . and as a whole it was shlocky fun . i doubt this abomination will come even close in entertainment terms. i hope though they spent a obscene amount of money on a themed hot rod that appears on screen for about 3 seconds
It's like spy kids, they made it for them selfs only.
I see he's put his wife in it again🙄 he should team up with Paul Anderson and make a franchise just for their wives....
The Mockingbird Lane trailer did what Mike is referring to with the theme music. I feel like I'm the only one who remembers Mockingbird Lane.
I'm surprised they didn't bring up the fact that Rob Zombie clearly stole their sets and lighting setups from the last several BOTW Halloween specials.
This is fascinating
The Blob and Cousin It discusses The Munsters? I'm in
Those black and white shots you added in look so much better. That and a little film grain and this movie would look a thousand times better.  Trailer issues aside, the camera is what throws this off for me. It looks like Verotika - that flat, lifeless HD that lacks any filmic style.
NOOOOO Rob Zombies faux trailer was "were-wolf women of the SS" - an homage to 70s sleazy naz-ploitation movies like "Ilsa she-wolf of the SS" ... plus featuring Nic Cage as "Fu-Man Chu"
Normally, I'd say your dead on with this trailer. I'm hoping this actually surprises me. But I won't hold my breath.    Also, we are still mad about the batmans. You lied to us. You hackfrauds.
It reminded of those cheap scj Fi campy b movies from the 50's
This trailer reminds me of the Insane Clown Posse movie Big Money Hustlas (possibly the worst movie I've watched)
Regarding the Pee-wee comparison, I feel it is worth mentioning Rob Zombie's start in showbiz was as a production assistant for Pee-Wee's Playhouse.
100% looks better in black & white. but that would mean certain death for this movie.
The next video will be the Batman review for sure
This Munsters reboot still looks better than anything Disney Star Wars.
Why did the cast Ted Cruz for a movie?  To save on make up?
I wonder if the extreme colours were done because they wanted to convert it to B&W in post. But then the studio decided against it and now they’re stuck with this garish mess.  Karloff’s Frankenstein makeup in the 30’s was cartoonishly green just to pop more in B&W, not because the monster was actually green. It’s like in-camera colour correction
This trailer looks so horrible I like it. It's so weird I can't help but be intrigued
I’m quite excited regardless
Living Dead Girl would probably have been more approriate as a trailer track. LOL
I think it looks great
"Soon as you appeared in my life"
Funny they chose some Russell Crowe movie as an example of a Nirvana song retooling and not their favorite film: the Batman
When I was 11, White Zombie was my favorite band. It was 1995, I was playing Earthbound, and listening to Astro Creep on a CD player with tape holding the batteries in.  If you had told me THIS is what would become of Rob after he left the band, I'd have laughed in your face and thrown all the Fruitopia and Crystal Pepsi at you.
I’m actually excited to see it based on the horrible trailer.
It gives me Roger Corman vibes... maybe they needed a movie made to retain the rights? Or a tax write-off of some sort.
Mike was thinking of The Batman trailer with Nirvana. Shows up in the film too.
The opening titles of his name and past works looks like a commercial the local haunted trails broadcast locally. “ Right off of I-95, first right after the KFC, mwahahaha”😂
I used to think Rob Zombie made a bad Grindhouse trailer on purpose, but I've come around to believe that Tarantino and Rodriguez just asked him to cut a fake one, knowing he would produce campy, awful shit to perfectly fit the asthetic...
Proof an actual RLM podcast would be interesting.
this is the best video ever made
So happy your one of the few channels that leave your political opinions out of it and I love the build up like you're going to talk about it and then we talk about the ridiculous Monsters trailer
11:03
"Grungy Metal nonsense"?? Jay, shut up and go listen to Rick Astley!🙃
Rob Zombie was a PA on peewees playhouse
I get a Hallmark Channel vibe from the trailer.  It looks painfully bad.  You're right, the trailer is awful.    I will give The Munsters a chance, and review later.   I'm expecting to get a headache from this thing.
the thing that bother me the most is rob zombie putting his wife and every single movie. for god sake. i found that woman too over the top and cringy.
I feel like I’ve seen the exact font and opening of this trailer in a South Park episode.
Honestly the trailer looks like a home video which would excuse 90% of things, but the idea of this being a studio project... Oh no.
Jay they gave rob zombie 40 million dollars for this lol
its gonna bomb
I have seen Kindergarten Cop 2. I have nothing more to say on the subject.
i think rob zombie is shitposting now
I think Munster said “As soon as you appeared in my life.”
Funny you mention Peewee Herman, cuz Rob Zombie worked on peewee's playhouse. lol
1:30 - The font's called Lithos Black.
Apparently this movie cost $40 million to make. How?! Something tells me that Rob Zombie pocketed a lot of that money. I guess it's so bad that Universal didn't even want it on their own streaming service, Peacock. So they gave it to Netflix, lol.
“F@&k it, let’s go!” - Mon Mothma
The mummy trailer without proper sound feels very Suburban Sasquatch
The Munsters is about family. That's what's so powerful about it.
I really, really hope that somebody involved in this, maybe even Rob himself, gives us a huge behind the scenes tell-all in a year or two. Did he lose the entire budget behind his couch? I mean, 31 looked like Avatar by comparison, and 31 looked pretty cheap.
7:06 That "mic pop" is supposed to be bats
IT'S PG!?!?  Holy shit, I thought it would be a hard R adult type show but if its PG then I'm completely lost.
I wanted to hear your take on the Munsters, for some reason.
They don't have Marylyn so no view from me.
I had cautious optimism when I saw the teaser because it looked like they were giving the show justice. But then this trailer dropped and I thought back to Mike from Best of the Worst: "Oh no. No, no, no, no, no."  Also, focusing on The Munsters BEFORE they had Eddie and Marilyn? I dislike kids in media as much as the next cynical movie lover, but the kids are what gave it the sitcom satire vibe that made it so charming. I don't know. I have little faith in this film being good, and this trailer is what gave me that impression.
"You could, I just did it". Love the confidence from Mike
Trailer reaction must be a good movie
"A lot of people are upset about a lot of things."  -Jay Bauman
Rob Zombie is playing 8D chess having everyone talk about the show
the boys s3! if you want to dudes no rush . thanks!
I knew I could count on RLM to review the most trivial furore of recent times!
This was honestly so important
Rob Zombie screwed up with Halloween but overall has had an interesting and effective directing career.  Imagine your a director who cant get work and hear a studio is bastardizing something you love and you jump at the opportunity. Taking the low budget and making it look like a modern local access horror show with quality makeup is a great idea. I agree with everything you guys aree saying except I have more interest to watch this than Ghostbusters or any of the reboot remakes that have been made lately. That's with fully being aware that Rob Zombie can't write, edit, direct at a standard that w/o his previous fame would allow for the career he's had. I'm sure this will suck but will be more interesting than Doctor Strange.
Jay's taking notes? This must be serious then.
The title made me think the video was a ytp lol
Why is it every time they bring back the Munsters, it's in color...and they suck.
Honestly this trailer works for me. Sometimes it's good to open by saying welcome to the movie, this is going to be stupid, that's what you're here for, have fun.
A  surprise to be sure, but a welcome one..
They needed to have the disclaimer they put in front clash in the college about not faking the footage
Does anyone else think the narrator in the trailer sounds exactly like Mike doing a fake trailer voice? Or is it just me?
Rob Zombie put this trailer together with an IPhone. You can’t tell me otherwise.
The guy narrating sounds like Mike in the Wheel of the Worst intros
I'm pretty sure this movie was made for nobody but Rob Zombie himself, he's a hardcore Munsters fan. He's kinda like the Len Kabasinski of Horror. He makes it becuase he loves it, not becuase he's going to do it well.
Was the munsters that good of a show to begin with? I mean it had it moments but not that great.
Lol Heart-Shaped Box absolutely matches Unhinged.
There is no such thing as “to junkie” man, is your properties, at least try to come up with and idea to make them work, they just didn’t care.
You're talking about it. Probably made it bad on purpose.
The original was funny...This however....
How could Jay not understand that line of dialogue?
Guys, I think it's possible that Rob Zombie is a genuine fraud talentless hack
At least the movie looks like it might genuinely be a so-bad-it's-good movie, unlike so many movies that try very hard to be bad as if they're trying to force-feed you the next crazy, cool cult movie all your friends will just love.
I feel like Rob Zombie is the Adam Sandler of the horror world. Has some talent but just cranks out these crummy films where he and his friends can have a good time and make a little cheddar.
Weird, thought this was the worse trailer when I watched it.
I’d pay for Mike to do a full cover of Dragula
I'm really glad that Mike and Jay used this video to debate about their differing views on the overturning of Roe v. Wade. I think everyone will enjoy this new form of political content from the RLM crew.
7:23 "soon as you appeared in my life."
When I watched the trailer, I was switching between "oh this is supposed to be a joke show" and "oh god, they're serious" about 10 times.  The fact that the audio sounds like it was recorded on one of those 90's stick microphones immediately made me think they couldn't possibly have released this trailer without knowing.  Like Jay, I was floored with how awful it was.
I still enjoy House of a thousand corpses and Devils Rejects alot
Maybe it's a plan to underwhelm everyone so when they see the movie they'll be surprised at how good it is.
The Munsters will be the next Morbius. IT WILL MAKE A MUNTRILLION BUCKS
The mummy no sound trailer still is as funny as always
I hope The Munster movie is well made, but the trailer makes me think it will be an awful reboot made by Hollywood.   In the words of Jay "This is cheap shit, made to be put on streaming," and knowing that will lower my expectations of the movie.    Also, never was a Munster fan, so I could care less if its good or bad.
Jay, I don't think we ever want to see "Hard R" movies. I think Woodrow Wilson played one in the White House.
Are you guys sure you didn’t make this trailer? 🤔
anyone have a link to that RLM episode about trailer cliches that they mention?
The reason y'all are talking about it is because you know some of your subscribers would watch y'all read the phone book, ffs
Went to a rob zombie concert two nights ago and they played this between songs... I was so confused haha
This trailer has to have been deliberately this way precisely because of the "The Mummy"-trailer. It created a lot of buzz just for being incomplete and this has to have been made to look that way too. It's a great way to get noticed.
Elders react
why can't rob zombie make movies anymore??
People are talking about it, so it seems to be working. Perhaps that was part of the intent, to get people curious; like a car crash on the highway.
You know shit got real if Jay took notes.
Strangely looking forward to this
That trailer looks like the Nostalgia Critic made it.
Please continue TNG series.  I've rewatched those videos countless times.  So fun
Finally, the fellas are addressing the political and economic state of the world!
This video rules, love when you guys just wanna talk about something weird
I can’t lie I’m looking forward to the Munsters. I’ve been watching all of Rob Zombies movies lately and I like the guys work. Bring it on.
The name of the font is Xavier Bold
When were the rights to The Munsters expiring?  This movie seems like a higher budget version of that one fantastic 4 movie.
The Munsters trailer gives me Amazing Bulk vibes. Lol
CORRECTION: Edgar Wright actually did "Don't", and Rob Zombie did "Werewolf Women Of the SS" in Grindhouse. DOUBLE CORRECTION: Turns out I misheard Jay.
I love redlettermedia talking about stuff no one cares about.
At least the trailer gets a lot of attention, so i guess it kinda works.
it reminds me of Roger Corman's Fantastic Four. it should never be released.
Wait this is a movie!?!?!? I thought it was like a Amazon prime series or some cheap shit!
Yes
If Best of the Worst takes too long to edit or something I wouldn't mind shorter episodes at all.
I expect a video on the movie itself when released. Even if only as part of a Half in the Bag catch up.
The font isn't spooky? It's because it's a fucking love story.
It looks like one of those fake movies within a movie, like its 30 Rock making fun of a Munsters reboot.
Honestly. There is not enough amateur camp in Hollywood these days. We need more clueless Rob Zombies around.
This is right in line with making old properties a lot worse today. The Munsters was already a weak IP so it really needed to be trash for a reboot.
Just Rob Zombie, robbing classic content- what else is new?
It's made for hipster millennials who (somehow) have kids now, Jay!
if you wanted to see more of a professional trailer for this project, like Mike talked about, check out the original teaser trailer for the film
You can hear the narrator's Ps are popping the mic. They couldn't even afford a pop filter, which costs like what $10? Rob definitely edited this himself and it is embarassing.
Yes upload, yes upload upload plzzzz
*Sees "The" in the title* Fans: Oh here it comes! They're gonna review The Batman! *"The Munsters"* Fans: WHAT THE SHIT.
I wonder how many people will be sold using this strategy. A few, I guess. When I first heard about it, I was vaguely intrigued…  Until I saw this trailer.   Thanks for discussing this hugely important world-changing topic.   Seriously, it made my day! I love your videos. Always good for at least a chuckle and usually more than that.
At this point they are trolling us by not talking about Batman
Bad trailer getting more traction than "good" ones. Hollywood goes best of the worst 😂
i had no idea about this trailer and now i'm simultaneously very confused and happy that it actually exists
"Hard R movies."  Jay teasing a Kramer style heel turn?
7:06 I see what you did there   No sound when talking about no sound
So funny that the studio feels like they have to pump the credentials of Zombie with his previous niche movies that no one saw or if you did, you know who he is already.  The look of the movie makes me think of made for Hallmark movie quality.
“I think that trend of slowing down old music for trailers is over.”  Wakanda Forever pops up during editing with “No Woman, No Cry” slowed down remix.
Another upload already? Are you okay?
This user is watching you talk about The Munsters trailer for some reason
The font for "the greatest love story ever told" looks like the font used for "The Room"
Rob Zombie got tired of making shitty music so he started making shitty movies.
I thought the awful audio was me watching it on my phone half awake
You guys already had me at the title😅
Finally, they're talking about the Batman, Grandpa Munster
It looks like a contrapoints video with less production value and worse costumes.
It’s so weird that this studio that constantly produced such cheap shit, made my second favourite Chucky film
Clearly Mike and Jay are getting that sweet, sweet Universal money
The trailer reminds me of a Best of the Worst intro...
The harvest is plentiful.
i chuckled when Jay said "gritty hard R" movies.
This trailer and movie are unique in being both by and for the same person and that person only...
Mike: *stops mid sentence* "I can't believe I'm explaining this."
Verotika level production 😅
Yes
is this real?
The actual movie looks fine but holy hell the trailer was an absolute dumpster fire.
Dragula is such a banger and I will die on this hill
CC have Herman saying "as soon as you appeared in life" the first time and "as soon as appeared mama" the second time
Let's not forget, Rob Zombie is the biggest hack in horror. No talent rip-off
I'm firmly convinced the addition of Dragula would have improved this trailer tenfold...
That buzzing sound in the trailer was so bad I thought it was on purpose.
This trailer was hilariously bad! I would love to see how bad it tested with audiences, but the studio skipped a theater release, and it is going straight to Blu Ray.  And the Rob Zombie Grindhouse trailer is way better than this garbage.  That is saying something.
Review Strange New Worlds please
This is what I like about RLM. They never let these mass-media smokescreens distract them from the actually important issues of our time.
There's a simple reason for all of this: Rob Zombie is a terrible filmmaker and always has been.
The slowed down Smells Like Teen Spirit was used in the opened credits of Black Widow.
Get ready for the Munsterverse
I haven't seen the trailer and I honestly can't tell if this isn't just a joke trailer RLM made themselves or is in fact real because its that terrible.
"I sure hope the boys go see NOPE!" "Oh boy, a new upload, I wonder what it i- oh..."
WTF, that's a REAL trailer????
The Trailer makes it look like any random Full Moon film
"Smells like teen spirit“ was used as a slowed down female cover version in "The Gallows“.
You know it's going to be good if Jay says "I took notes! I took notes!"
I want to see this in theaters
re: Slowed down “Smells Like Teen Spirit”, that was in Black Widow (the actual film rather than the trailer).
It’s meant for my shitty Ex ?
It would be pretty depressing if Rob Zombie sought out to make a love letter to something he really liked as a kid, and it blows up in his face.
The word on the streets is that Rob Zombie will direct the next reboot of The Addams Family, with Hollywood mega-star Rich "Rich Evans" Evans in talks to play Uncle Fester.
There hasn't even been enough time for this video to play to the end and we've all already commented!
maybe netflix's team will make a better trailer
Those old commercials looked far better than the Munsters trailer.
Herman Munster is the key to all of this.
I believe that font is called "Brendan Fraser 90s movie" if you're looking for it for anything
The trailer reminds me of when you dump all your clips into the timeline and you haven't trimmed or rearranged them yet.
Herman sounds like a mix between Paul Lynde and Rip Taylor, do not like Sheri is sooo fucking cringey  This movie needs to be in Black and White
This trailer was obviously made like this on purpose. Movie is probably gonna  be awesome.
Watched the trailer before this video, I was happy to see something weird and different for a change, remember in the 90s when everything was kinda weird and different?  Hopefully the far left goes away and we can have fun again.
Gettin my oil changed at Walmart…Perfect Timing ⏱👌
Talk about more trailers plz
I've got high hopes for this movie. It could be one of the movies ever made!
If I had to make a complete guess... Universal decided that the Munsters needs more hype than expected and they want it out in September/October and so they grabbed a half finished work print and handed it to "some guy" saying "Make a trailer out of this somehow:"...
The irony is this will better advertise the film, then the trailer will
Rob zombie's only criteria to making anything is can he give his wife an acting gig she didn't earn
The narration feels like the intro for Wheel of the Worst.
At this rate, they will run out of stuff to talk about and then they will review The Batman.
How long will it take before someone grades the movie correctly? It should be in black and white, first of all.
Rob Zombie is a Hack
It looks like a buzzfeed video or some dumb YouTube shit
I had to do a double take to check that RLM had actually posted this lol.
I’ve seen better looking things come out of my butt!! Ha ha
I was wondering when they’d talk about the JFK assassination
My favorite genre: "Deep dive on a crappy trailer for a movie that no one will see."
I still lose my shit on that mummy trailer
now Hack the Movies is going to cry that he did it before you guys (for once) since he's obsessively jealous of RLM lol  hmm, Pop Secret or Redenbacher..
the sound is soooo bad good god. and it's not even that hard to fix some of this shit. i could do it in 5 minutes lmao
I love how when they take notes Jay has his on his phone while Mike always has his on a piece of paper. Boomer vs Millennial!
these guys...
Everything that can be ruined will be ruined
Rob Zombie has been crap ever since he shut down his old band, White Zombie.
Personally I suspect that Rob Zombie has made an Anti-Movie as a joke
The spacing between letters and how close or apart they are, is referred to as "kerning."  It can make words look like another word, or it could be incomprehensible, or in the case of The Munsters opening text in the trailer; it can be just weird.
This is the first Rob Zombie movies I've been excited for in awhile hahaha
I already started laughing without watching the video yet.
Please never let this man touch Scooby Doo
Batman movie!!!!!!
I assumed the deal with the font was that Zombie was trying to replicate a cheesy home-video / VHS trailer you'd see back in the day. I actually liked it. The rest of the trailer is horrible though.
Me: I've got zero interest in watching 'The Munsters' trailer. *RLM posts Munsters trailer reaction* Also me: *Immediately watches trailer so I can hear RLM commentary*
Woah
Thank you
Chances this will be in anyway comparable to the Addams Family movies? I’m thinking ‘plan to defeat Thanos’ kind of odds.
I love you guys. I always enjoy your videos!!
I called that this was going to be shit. It was going to likely be shit no matter who was at the helm, but Zombie the filmmaker has a special brand of shit all his own.
ABOUT WHAT????
That _Munsters_ trailer makes Tommy Wiseau's _The Room_ look like _Avatar._ Yikes.
Jay bringing notes is a twist in the format I live for
I'm sure it's probably not but the font they use for "the greatest love story ever told" looks unbelievably similar to the font from Jurassic Park but slightly tweaked. Which makes sense because Universal owns both the franchise and that font.
I like reading while I poop.
4:42 the echo effect on Jay's "yeah" was a touch of genius 😂😂
I’m still shocked. I want to watch it and I am really excited for it. I watched reruns of the og with my mom when I was young. No idea if it’ll be good but I still want to watch it.
Rob Zombie clarified that his adaptation of The Munsters didn't have a $40M budget, it's clearly $400.
What is up with Herman's voice?
"I took  notes!" So you are saying its noteworthy?
MGM made those new Addams Family movies. Obviously this needed to come out eventually.
They should've taken a note from the "what we do in the shadows" show if anything...i may not be remembering the munsters too well, but i remember it being kinda, normal? They were the "odd" family at the end of the street but they were still an average happy family.  Pusing so hard on the weird factor seems like too much.
When I was younger, maybe 2013, I got roped into watching my 3 month old niece while my sister got her hair done. So there I am, sitting in the waiting area of a hair salon with my niece and who walks in but Mike Stoklasa.  I was nervous as fuck, and just kept looking at him, as he read a magazine and waited, but didn't know what to say. Pretty soon though my niece started crying, and I'm trying to quiet her down because I didn't want her to bother Mike, but she wouldn't stop. Pretty soon he gets up and walks over. He started running his hands through her hair and asking what was wrong. I replied that she was probably hungry or something. So, Mike put down his magazine, picked up my niece and lifted his shirt. He breast fed her right there in the middle of a hair salon.  Chill guy, really nice about it.
Did you know: Stoklasa was actually the name of the monster, not the scientist.
I like that Jay took old man notes too, but his weren't on paper like Mike's.
No shade, but the trailer feels like it was edited by Cinemassacre
After seeing this trailer, there truly is hope for a Rich Evans romantic rom-com Space Cop 2 similar to Sandy Wexler.
Rob Zombies aesthetic is a 50-Movie bargain bin DVD pack of old horror movies.
Nice talk 👌
I really thought that was Mike narrating at first
I was never into the munster so I'm going to pass on it
It looks like a bad Funny or Die video.
'Munster, Go Home!' will always be the best Munsters movie.
Rob Zombie + Universal DTV Studio = Garbage
Thank you, i was just looking for a new rlm video and this pops up. I had a eough day and needed it. Cleaning mr. Plinketts shit was so depressing today
i had many questions until "from rob zombie" then it all made sense
Thanks Ike and Ray.
At this point they're more likely to talk about Morbius than The Batman
Rob Zombie's Munster Cinematic Universe
WOOOO!
Ho
Fully expected this to be a R-rated adaptation of The Munsters. Probably would've been better & more interesting too tbh but we'll see.
I always watch RLM for commentary on the most pressing political affairs, so I'm really glad you guys discussed this. It needed to be addressed.
Would be entertained by Mike and Jay discussing new entries in the phone book.
Seems like the right thing to do.
I’ll watch just about anything they put out
Yes!!!
I think they accidentally released the porn parody....I'm so confused.
Anyone else going through Best of the Worst withdrawals?
I love that mike showed up for this video in full Herman Munster cosplay. He’s even got the voice down.
Put “it’s potty time!” On the wheel… I know y’all got a copy. I’ve seen it in the intro.
Kind of strange to say "I expected more from you, Mr. Zombie" but, really?  Is this it?
What a great way to start my Monday morning before I snort this rail of cocaine
Wait is this real?
We are all in hell!
The long awaited Batman review is here everybody!
I would honestly have preferred he turned them into yet another family of violent, screaming hicks than whatever this is.
it’s so nice of Jay to entertain the degenerative mind of the elderly. Mike is so lucky to have a son like him
Can't wait to see their review on the Ukraine War
Huh?
Finally, Mike and Jay are talking about the things that truly matter.
"for some reason" oh stop this is good and we want more of it
It may be the worst trailer ever made.
Quality content.
About time
Was about to sleep. Sleep can wait.
RLM! Coming in clutch <3
I didn't like The Munsters as a kid. I never gained love for it later in life. But, the good news is, I love Muenster cheese.
I'd rather a new White Zombie album
Thank you for speaking out about this important topic.
What about Star Trek Strange New Worlds? Mike? Rich? Please make a review!!!
Ok let's watch the full video first.
Rainstorm, some art to work on, and hearing these two guys talk about something I probably won't watch = a perfect day.
Finally using your platform for something actually important
Where is The Batman review, you hack frauds?
This video has better production value than the movie does
I knew I wasn't the only one who watched the trailer and was like uhhhhhhh, wtf is this?!
Lmao morning u two
Let's talk about drugs and how they affect you or the people that made this movie.
12th
The other "MCU"
They'll do anything to not talk about the batman
Oh a new upload! I hope its going to be about the batm-- oh....
Föirstt!!!?
Hack fraud content, we need more celebrity Rich Evans scenes
Why not
I have been waiting for them to weigh in on this garbage.
Perfect length for my lunch break!
This helped me through the drought.
Wow never been this early, and on such a key topic!
I was wondering when they’d finally get around to talking about Batman
Rich got buff!
When?
Exactly the content I subscribed for. I've been waiting for this since day 1.
The Adam's family will always be superior to the Munsters in my book
If they’re talking about it, I’m listening.
Mmm, new product.
Still looks better than Picard Season 2
First!    Ahhh haha.   AHHHH hahahahAAAAA
Where is "Top Gun: Maverick" Half in the Bag?
FIRST
I love that Jays tweet was so clearly talking about a specific Elvira commercial for soda.  Oh Jay.  PS Jay clearly edited this video and I'm glad.
I didn’t know I needed this but hell yea
S
nice
yay
Nice!
whaaat?
Who cares ?? Oh wait, I do !
🍻
Excellent
Why did it look like it was filmed on a phone, why did it sound like they had no mics
Eyyy
I just sat down for lunch. Perfect timing.
About damn time
Yeah
Fourth
hi
Nice
Jauuu
Hi guys
agony
what
What?
