격전 티켓 어떻게 얻어요?
We all got SCAMMED 🎉🎉🎉
Scam
Does someone know if division promotions are still in game?
Honestly, I would be much more motivated to put in more effort in these bizarre games, if the elo/mmr system judged each person's individual performance in the game... and there's no way to say that it's difficult to implement this, because there are already notes by letter, [B, A, S-, S, S+ etc]
That video aged poorly
2024 shyvana VGU😢
THE LGBTQ+P COMMUNITY DEMANDS TEEMO X RENGAR ,Teemo must also be 17 and 6 months in age to enact the first incremental step do our plans, YOU OPPRESS THE ENTIRE COMMUNITY IF YOU DO NOT GIVE IN TO THE DEMANDS. AND ARE RACIST, YOUR HR IS ON MY SPEED DIAL. YOU HAVE 2 WEEKS!
5:10 Yeah pretty bad as a Ultimate, just a very good Legendary, nothing more!
Does this mean demotion shield will also be gone?
4:52 LOL AND XD.
Are you guys gonna do anything to fix the bot problem in the ranked system. I dont mean to nag but out of 20 games of ranked 12 of them had bot accounts in gold 4. This used to only happen in bronze/ silver however now its started to reach Gold. I cant help but notice that the longer this goes on without a fix it will eventually reach all ranks. They all had weird names like zzkdkdkzz or wlhjr22 and stuff and you can clearly tell they're a bot because they dont do anything human they just run into towers and stuff. Heres to hoping for a fix one day before it gets out of hand.
it would be nice if you guys fix the new SEA server as well, its been 6 months and i havent been able to play the game without experiencing ping spikes, its too frustating at this point
you speak of no more promos yet i find myself in them as of this moment, there will be grave consequences for your lies
Please remake terrifier nova darius PLEASE is horrible right now, and to difficult to get.
5 Reworked champions >>> 5 New champions  There are at least 30 champions that really would aprecciate have an ASU and another 20 that need a VGU or at least a midscope update.
LOL MATCHMAKING IS RIGGED
5:05 samiras ultimate is a Legendary+ not ultimate
ok BUT WHEN?
4:59 This did not age well.
Waiting for the "more and more" you said you were adding to Samira pseudo-ultimate.
Honestly I wish they'd keep the promos, such a big part of ranking up
The game NEEDS to recognize individual talents. If I’m 0/0/20 as a support but I still lose, I should not be forced to stay in Bronze. There are way too many ppl like me with years of experience just stuck in bronze, making it just a random luck of players who aren’t really bronzes anymore
M die
I dont think ranked distribution should be controlled. A missmatch between the predicted and actuall skill distribution will make the game unfair at certain skill levels that are not in the high ranks and will cause a non normally distributed MMR distribution causing MMR to be a non linear indication of skill level.
Hope we have netherite rank
Just saying early 2024 was also Skarner so rip him again...
less new champs more asu
This video thank
BANGER
Stephanie's wallpaper is awesome :3
i'm sorry am i just dumb did they really say "too many people are silver and lower and we don't have that many ranks to distribute them, so we're adding a new rank, that's above gold"... HOW DOES THAT FIX THE ISSUE!?
Please fix the matchmaking that is worst think at the game at the moment
I took a month and a half off of league to come back to it when I heard no promos, you know HOW GOOD that is for this game? This is one of the crucial pinnacle points of league. Without promos, it means people who deserve to be in HIGHER elo will *NOW* get there thanks to this update! Hats off to riot for doing this!
Rework Vladimir or Twisted Fate already
If Mui Thai Lee Sin doesnt keep the animations in the ASU then I will be very disappointed like every other Lee Sin Enjoyer
that asian chick tho she fine asf
Just a minor thought practice on delivering speeches for the first two guys i almost exit the video but i saw the girl is more lively... Wildrift patch notes are more engaging to be honest...
"Balanced game"
Would a clash-type automatic tournament make sense for TFT?
When will the problem of people trolling in ranked be solved? Half of games are unwinnable because of toxic players which will kill the game.
100 pc nuggets lmao
It’s so nice that riot listened and started listening to the community like this.
waht abaut urf and 1 for all ????
you´re adding emerald between platinum and diamond in order to to fix that majority of players is in silver? what? XD
wow nice
YEAH GUYS GREAT NEWS ALL THE SHITTERS THAT ARE BELOW G4 ARE GONNA GET THEIR OWN TIERS LETS GOO THATS WHAT EVERYONE WANTS! AND ITS CLEARLY IMPORTANT!!! NOW THERES GONNA BE WOOD AND ROCK TIERS!!!!!!!!!!! LETS GOOOOO
MAKE A VERSION OF SEASONS 3-9  MONEY HUNGRY PIGS
WTF ARE YOU GUYS DOING THE WILD RIFT HAVE ALOT OF ERROR BUGS PINK BACKGROUND AND CRASHES AND TONS OF HACKER AND BAD TEAMMATES AND BAD REPORT FEEDBACK YOU ONLY CARE WHAT YOU PUBLISH WILDRIFT IS A FALLING I DONT KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING ALOT OF PEOPLE ARE PISSED OF THIS GAME YOU DONT READ YOUR BAD REVIEW
Welp rip wallet to Samira mains including me 😂
nice update its amazing thing thanks so much riot  XS its will be fair for anther player to do all is skill in the game
I come through this to make my appeal to RIOT GAMES for attention to the servers in BRAZIL. Unfortunately, they are infested with Scripters/Hacks in at least 6 out of 10 ranked games. Unfortunately, even after reporting it, it seems like a drop in the bucket.  Please help us.
Great video
all the changes sound good, except for the part where promos will no longer exist, that being the competitive spirit of ranked matches. as a league player , i like this concept of videos that do company-community relationship
Where is the BE EMPORIUM!!!
Lol is a wonderful game. It is very good, and i never get bored.
Lol
Even the eSports tournament will not be the same like the old times.That times when you enjoy to play and  the game was not so toxic like thoes days.Thumbs up for a big develop on this game,you guys don't even have a forum to listen  what people want for this game to be better,you just want money and  making content just for eSports was your shot.Big thumbs up for you Riot...
Such a nice video you uploaded.
Less Clash? Wtf. make them weekly so you actually get more opportunities to get 5 people together...
fix your server then upload such kind of videos ,, right now the eu west srver is down and if yiou guys do a patch update make sure  your server runs perfectly around the clock
Please guys fix the servers
trash company and shareholders
I always look forward to these dev updates great
This video is very helpful
What is happening with k/da like to hear more of them
Game is falling apart. All i have to say. :(
Fine
Soo amazing and wonderful video
The solution you found for the problem you described is in single word "dumb".  If majority of the players are silver and below and only a small proportion is above gold, how can adding an emerald division between plat and diamond can have any effect on this skewed distribution? Silver and below players will still be silver and below. The number of players above gold will not change, and now this thin number of players who are above gold will be distributed even thinner into more divisions... That will make the distribution even more skewed towards lower end... Do you guys even think a second before you make these changes?
Good video
Very nice video
does this mean being demoted will be easier?
Pills moar sabscraib pills,🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Has it been said anywhere WHEN the next split is?
Does anyone knows when the practice tool will return ? It's been like 4 days since its out
BRING BACK CHRONISHIFT PROJECT
These people look quite normal and of sound mind. Meanwhile phreak and the rest of the balance team are smoking that zaza. Someone better check on them before something burns down.
Both are talking very well.
Very Best video
+15 pdl -32 XD?
no more promos? new emerald rank wtf is this bs?????
Emerald - I wonder if it will also be occupied by smurfs that are boosting accounts as well.
I jump back into league whenever there is a ASU so around once a year
the problem is MMR. Not how many people are in gold etc. They are removing promos too, which is a way used to reset your mmr before you promote. (Get into promos and dodge 2 games 3 times will bring your mmr back to normal if not above normal gains). What a joke. THE PROBLEM IS MMR!!!
wow
Jeremy and Andrei, you're always welcome! Nice to see you around!
Jeremy and Andrei look much more comfortable on camera than they did the first time around. I'm a big fan of this format. Thanks guys :)
Ok
The problem with ranked is not the number of ranks above silver. It’s that the system is utterly broken between your MMR and LP being desynced and the matchmaking itself being skewed to force you into a 50% win rate. By your own metrics riot in the stat page on my profile I’m challenger in over 7 stats. I’m hardstuck in bronze because I gain 17 lp on a win and lose 15 on a loss. It would take me literally thousands of games to get to gold . And every time I go on a hot streak the game is horribly mismatched. I can perform flawlessly but I get one person who feeds on my team before lane phase is over and it’s gg.  GIVE US A MORE CLEAR MMR SYSTEM AND INDIVIDUALIZED LP GAIN. If I go 10/4/13 on Jhin I shouldn’t lose the same amount of lp as someone who went 3/10/2
When are you removing duo queue Riot Games? I miss playing League of Legends.
play the game only lose no win, we will quit the game. because you guys arrange the team really not at the right level.
Please dont kill lee sin 😢
See u in second half of 2024
Just imagine if we had solo mode. Instead you are stuck in nromals vs gangs of premasde rats and ranked you get stomped by boosters. Keep on adding more tiers instead of fixing game basics.
Is there a new prestige event pass coming soon? I cant believe prestige true dmg qiyana is in the new mythic essence shop and i really wish to have it T^T
did they just forget skarner
你们设计师是不是自己不玩游戏的，以前的版本至少能撑到五-几，现在4-1就要输了，随便拉个人来玩就说设计师玩游戏了？有没有脑子。
please dont change clash to monthly
if you are stuck in silver you need to rethink how you play the game...
A weekly rotating alt game mode should ALWAYS be available at the very least.
I am disappointed at the slow progress put into game modes. While you're designing this new one, have other arcade modes available. Some silly fun to unwind, like spellbook, or urf. There's no reason they can't be available.
hmm barely see any black people working for league or as a champion....nice
how about you guys fix the smurf issue rather than adding a new tier? how about that uh?
when is this promo thing
Chlapci fixnite si tu hru lebu tam su bugy v menu dik a nestojte pri sebe ako tepli
Lots of empty desks… not much content coming I suppose
Thats big. I'm really happy with the upcoming ranked chages (no promo and better distribution) and it's fantastic that you listened to us and decided to make more aram clash
it takes 6 months to update a champ?
BRING BACK TEAM RENKED GAMES PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
when its coming?
Do not touch my Teemo!
Thumbs
Brand visual update when ? Guy looks like old school league
i am so happy rito finally got it that making rageblade a crit/attack speed item was a dogshit decision and reversed it. now we only need to get zz'rot again and league is actually worth playing again.
Riot make tha game pls! this game is show low now
DO SOMETHING ABOUT SMURFS!
KDA COMEBACK KDA COMEBACK KDA COMEBACK
Can you make more KDA music videos? Reply to me.
Seraphine her hair looks so artificial
Teemo's legs are looking suspiciously long for his trademark walk
I’ll check this comment when Riot is adding voice comms in league!
Nice
Uggg do something for ARAM, like ranked ARAM.
not even a tease on skarner. feels bad man, maybe 2025
I'm so happy that you're so excited. It's a real shame you don't put as much effort into dealing with your toxic and deteriorating community which makes the majority of  ranked games such a  poor experience.
return to urf
RIP SKARNER
Not every League player wants to play Clash so I wish we could choose to opt out of Clash notifications.
I hope there are more ASUs and VGUs, even if it means less champions. Also thank god they are removing promos.
not just clash on weekend bc some of us work and just the leavers team leaving after losing the first game. need a system to get back into top or has more worth rewards for 4th place as thats the top of the bottom bracket, makes more competition
Meat riding bot lane as always
So... barely any core gameplay changes and more cosmetics... so the usual. Eh.
Aw, could've just deleted Teemo.
Everyone is always "super excited" to give their report. Maybe it's time to update the word variety on the cue cards.
Putting in Emerald so people can feel good about not being Plat any more. lul How about fixing ranked matchmaking instead?  No promos, lmao. :D If there are no promos people can't have problems with promos, right? That's one way to fix it. lmao  How's this game still going with the lack of big updates for months?
Some music in the background wouldn’t hurt… tho I love this format. It wouldn’t hurt
Nice
Teemo ..  NOBODY PLAYS TEEMO IN PRO. Only 0/10 bronzes. Jeez these devs
Как убрать эту жирную телку которая мешает работать этим славным парням?
not saying the sexism rumours are true about riot - just noticed that HR made the dudes stand far away from the females.... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I miss the old dev teams :(
I think the idea of Emerald rank is kind of silly in a vacuum. I understand that the devs are trying to even out the distribution but I feel like this ignores the fact that the best of any sport will always be vastly smaller than the amount of amatuers in the sport. The higher level of gameplay you get the less other people can compete at that level. Challenger players are challenger for a reason.
REWORK SHYVANA ALREADY FFS
Can we deal with all the obvious boosted players? I specifically mean after they get boosted and play rank. Come on, these players needs to be banned or restricted to play rank.
Need that Skarner rework done. Been waiting a while.
okay but what about sg gwen
For the past 5,5 months trollers and match fixers have destroyed ranked games for actual players. And what Riot has done to fix this? Punishing those trollers/match fixers? No......they are issuing text-bans to players who lose their s&%t when they are dropped maybe even several ranking levels because T's and MF's ruin their games by not warding, taking Oracle Lens or doing epic monsters. Why would Riot Games be doing this? Do these T's and MF's give Riot more actual money and that's why Riot does not punish them? If that's the case then by definition, Riot Games are fixing ranked matches for these T's and MF's. Riot has become greedy company and by doing so they have lost the respect of gaming community. But hey, it's easier for them to shut mouths of players rather than actually fixing anything in ranked modes. EA and Blizzard are good examples of this company policy......and look what that has done to their reputation.....
pleeeeease let it not be an ultimate pool party
Do you know what is the worst part in ranked nowdays? Riot has blocked gamer names in champ select so that players can't see trollers name until they are in game and then it's too late to dodge.
They said promos are removed. Are they removed, like, right now? Or when? Cuz I dont wanna play my plat promos lmfao
so a bunch of silver players not many above G4 , how does adding another rank after platinum help that ???
If you could somehow make your LP based on ya know... how well you do instead of the game saying "No you went 40/0 and still lost, that means you belong in lower elo"
great and candid communication. Just wish we would get more actual content xd
thank you for keeping us up to date!!!! love these so much
DONT TOUCH TEEMO!
yay plat is gonna be the new starting point of smurfs now instead of gold !
3lah rakom tahadrro bal wahad ya zabii !!  wahad yahki koulsh
when will talon get an ASU ? he has had the same model for almost 12 years now
Prox update: desbanir o Vo Corvo 👍🏻
@Jeremy Lee, I love how you bring this with so much joy and proud! Keep up the good work!
pohui
New AI matchmaking is what i want,champs are never balanced and you end up with certain ones like mundo or nasus or vayne just become unkilable just because your top feed them and now you lost the game and never even had a chance to play.
Love these dev updates
only thing I like about this is that they mention dates and estimated release dates compared to the shiny and epileptic vlogs they had been making
Miss fortune ASU Plssss
brain dead company that only see dollar sign hence why lolskins app no longer works
RIOT BRGIHTMOON WHAR HAPPENS   IF IM IN PROMOS WHEN THIS GOES LIVE?
We don't need new champs, bring the current ones up to standard and call it a day
Who cares? Absolutely impossible to promote. I am one of the best players in the world ranked top 5 all the time in repeat and its lost lost lost demote demote demote. Probably you need to donate everyday otherwise they match you with zero teammates. Absolutely impossible. Pay to win game.
Please add Emerald soon in flex and solo/duo ques.
clash monthly is a awful idea. I allready cant make 90% of bi weekly. no one is going to play it. when you player base is all over the age of 20 and you make then have to set asside their weekned to clash. getting together 5 over 20 year olds to play clash where there is no make ups till the next month. make it weekly or remove the mode...
We want prerework aatrox back Make the the new version a different darkin with changed name
I have calculated what rank you will be with your current skill Level in the next Ranked Split.   The elo you have to be (left) to hit (right)  Gold 2 (50LP)  - Emerald 4 (0LP)  Silver 1 (70LP) - Platin 4 (0LP)  Silver 4 (40LP) - Gold 4 (0LP)  Bronze 2 (0LP) - Silver 4 (0LP)  Iron 1 (20LP) -  Bronze 4 (0LP)  Riot stated that the new Ranked distribution shouldn't effect Diamond and above.  How do you guys feel about it. Any thoughts why the new Rank is not just between Gold an Plat? I mean every Platin Player will just become Emerald
nooo keep clash every other week
skarner?
I think i can speak for the majority of the dinosaur players here who play since S1 or S3, that a lot of the oldest champs need ASU or VGU, game has over 150+ champs already, the majority will be super excited when a good rework comes out like warwick being the first rework and was a success, the next was urgot and was a huge success as well, voli , pantheon, mundo and udyr as well. They should focus on the ASU and VGU cause tbh the kit of skarner needs a VGU asap, same for shyvana, zilean and a lot more. Just dont talk about atroox, that was more of a delete a good champ and make riven 2.0 out of it.
There's no way you guys are after my wallet this hard. Samira ultimate? come on riot cut me some slack 💀
Riot - Everyone loves clash and sees it as the pinnacle of competitive game play  Also Riot - We're going to do Clash less often  Make it make sense. Clash tournaments should be happening weekly unless the real problem here is that people just aren't playing clash like they say they are.
Iam waiting one thing right now the new champion 😅
might sound weird  but im almost sad about the removal of promos. they felt like a goalpost, a challenge. and as someone who doesnt play muh ranked that gold promo was the last hurdle and actually felt fun because of that.
Rito games moment ngl
no promos no league
Just say you dont plan to rework skarner. its obvious you guys havent done anything to help skarner at all. stop acting like youre doing anything and just delete the cham,p
Game has so many champions, slow the development of new ones down a bit, and put all that energy into reworks, maybe an additional object, and yes, other gamemods
I will continue asking for a viktor champion theme
не могут за 10 лет сделать нормальный подбор игроков и соответствие рангу
just sayin emerald still looks like platinum
nice remove promos....let all the scrubs up without anything to thin out the thrash..... there is a reason these people are down there.
Please bring back Team Ranked :(
So that means more time consuming climbing for the semi casual ranked players who wanted to reach high diamond-masters.Who thought this was a good idea really?Hopefully this will go like the dragons and they will remove it soon.
I wanted to get more clash not less. Why only every 4 Weeks ?
This does not confront the actual problem in league. INTERS
RESET ALL ITEMS FFS WHAT HAVE U DONE RITO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FIX THE BOTTING ISSUE Brightmoon/Meddler  every other ranked lobby has a bot scripted throwaway account within it, fix the botting issue
HEY GUYS CORKI IS A "CHAMPION" IN THE GAME IF YOU FORGOT
anyone notice they said "non-summoners rift" instead of "Aram clashes".    URF CLASH INCOMING :D
LEAVE MY TEEMO ALONE. JACKASSES.
Can we get dominion back Unite Style? Shorter games and a brawly map. Miss twisted treeline as well. Aram hex gate felt like a great update though!
More ranks yikes riot is taking more drugs , honestly they can’t still fix mm like loser que , lp gain and mmr system
Wish clash wasnt every saturday-sunday so I wouldn't have to call off work just to play
So no one is going to talk about how their eyes look with those eye changing stuff
Yeah there's something really wrong about ranked games. I've now played since Season 1 and I haven't been in Silver since season 2. I've been Gold-Diamond every season untill last 2 seasons. Now I can't even hit Gold 3. I gotten to Gold 4 now probably 10 times now and demoted back to Silver 1 because you lose 28LP on a lose and you gain 21LP on a win. I feel after 12+ years of playing League thousandssssss of hours I shouldnt be Silver 1 lol after I've been Plat mostly all seasons.
Its clear that you let your employees speak this way. Let them express it more freely
WHEN IS ARCANE SEASON 2 COMING
M die game
My frustration point is mid and bot permanently pushing and running it down
👍
FIX YOUR SERVER ON SMURFS
Fix your problems on smurfing, there is so much smurfs in low elo and its unplayable sometimes
I would love to see some new game modes/ old game modes return. Yeah URF and One for All is cool to play once in a while, but if these are the only game modes they become very monotone and boring. Bringing back modes like doom bots or event based modes like darkstar and odyssey were pure joy to play.
Making clash monthly? Super lame. Now if I can't participate in a clash, I'll end up going two months in between tourney's. Very disappointing, and I can't see any benefit to this.
"we have a ton of players in silver and below" " lets fix that by adding emerald between plat and diamond" yes cause that will fix the issue... because you know silver is in-between plat and diamond.
Riot's that family member or friend you know who only calls you to borrow money and never pay you back.
I've only been playing League for the past few months, and these dev blogs are really refreshing compared to other games where there is hardly any communication.
can you guys please implement some sort of iq test or even a captcha test to log on? lol  there are so many stupid people playing this game, it's no wonder the majority are in silver or below.  this has got to be not only the least skilled, but also the dumbest player base i've ever come across in any game, EVER.
Are you doing anything about making Masters more rare? We have 17x more master Players than 5 seasons ago
Why people get excited about your updates WHATS GOOD WITH THIS INFORMATION ??? THAT U DO NOTHING WITH GAME ?
So yall gonna bring back Doom Bots? cause that was when league was actually fun..
HeY NeXt VGU WIlL bE iN 2024 xXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD SO WHAT ARE U DOING IN THIS GAME WHOLE YEAR ?!?!?
How about we make the ranked system not EOMM based?
Thank you Riot I love clash im really glad you decided to make it less accessible. Keep up the hard work
Thank you for consistently updating the game. Can't wait for Worlds 2023
If promos are being removed, does that mean demoting between Leagues will also be removed?
They havent talk about the blue essence emporium 2023 ;-;
just backup game on season 8 and start over and use your brain how to improve gameplay not how to ruin it
Please stop making a competitive game less competivie. If you fail youre climb you fail stop making it easier, its supposed to be hard and competitive. I love the new emerald rank though great idea and will spred out the playerbase a bit more. Idk about you guys but id rather not see a new champ for years and fix all the champs we have now and i mean years dude we dont need anymore we need the ones now to be fixed move all people who make champs into re balancing the ones we have now it will move so much quicker. I personaly love the lee and temmo change though.
The guy on the left has negative testosterone levels.
$1.88B company = 1 ASU in half a year. 😂😂😂😂😂
Nerf fckn Ksante
Aram ranked is bae
Arreglen sus emparejamientos en clasificatoria!!!!!!!
Can we have some updates on the smurf issues that are wrecking soloque recently? Just today I ve had more than 1 smurf in nearly every game in plat 2, that basically just steamrolled our team. When can this be fixed? Why is this even legal? Alongside eloboosting, this is one of the reason that soloque is so toxic...  Rant aside we desperately need a fix for smurfing, even a bandaid for now would be helpful.
Personally I liked promos. The extra stakes were fun, even if they could sometimes be frustrating to lose more than once.
So since clash is a coinflip on it working or not, they're taking 50% of the clashes away  I guess that would half the # of issues per month
tbh just bring back div 5. no need for new div
OMG they said Skarner's name! That means his update will be done in 2032.
As long as there is no solo only and cheaters are not banned game is unplayable as pvp
emerald how creative :^)
everyone is clustered because of the garbage matchmaking, just saying........... forcing 50%WR
So, we are keeping toxic smurfs everygame that just bought a boosted account ? Nice call !
Bro needs to fix his glasses
Just bring back Twisted Treeline Ranked, alot of us will enjoy that!🤩
Oh, so NOW you're admitting that the Ranked System placements were messed up and hella' skewed. I thought it's just the Balance Team favoring gameplay for the bottom half of the map, but now I understand why I am bouncing back and forth between Gold 4 and Silver 2 in terms of matchmaking quality despite my reliability up in top lane.  Kinda late for a cure (I already am riding the "maybe I'm washed up and can't reach my peak in Platinum" train), but sure, do what you gotta' do. Lucky that I didn't want the Victorious Anivia, but I can imagine the mains who're as hardstuck as me feeling really bad right now.
what is the right guy saying? cc doesnt even translate xD
no samira ultimate :(
JOKER GAME , JUST
Vó corvo
for everyone wanting to get to diamond. You just got a whole lot further away
Why lol focusing always on clash what about rotating game mode too slow to bring event since you make riot asia server
Good video
Mmm same afk trolls AND flammers
i sure hope that he new rank will fix the -30  points per loss and +15 per win -.
PLEASE DO A VLADIMIR ASU
I know developers are generally socially awkward, but why does the Riot's devs have to be EXTRA SOCIALLY AWKWARD.....
had to play the video at 0.5 speed with captions to understand what the guy in green is saying...
I hope both their wives cheat on them. Riot devs suk
What about the old champs.
taliyah ultimate needs rework
Okaaaaaaaay I love Stephanie and these style of updates, keep em coming Riot.
What about Malzahar?
lee sin update but blitzcrank looks like a duck
Me still waiting for Ranked Arams....
how about fix losers queue. sick of going 10/2/10 and still losing every game
why this asian sound more white than the whitest girl from the boulevard lmao
Good video legends
Jesus I can not believe after this years since the OG Ranked System is gone, finaly Promos getting removed.  Actually GJ there Riot but this still not fix all that magic dmg on adc items.
Just remove autofill
Lee sin neck memes? What?
With all those plat diamond smurfs in gold u cant even reach plat or emerald anyway..
Do something against the 10.000.0000.0000 smurfs already!!!??
We'll see all champ updates in 2050. They really think people will stay for so long in a 2009 game? Don't act like Blizzard with WoW please
Hoping for Queen Zyra😢
How is making clash less often making it something more worth planning around????? If anything it needs to be every week.
Only thing is, why is Senna coming later? i expect Orianna is the one that needs more work (new model animations to fit human Ori) still excited for the girls to come tho
aram clash was well received? It was a complete shitshow. It didnt work started hours late and the teams were just unbalanced. The pool should be identical for both teams and a bit smaller to make it fair.
Nice video
It warms my heart to see homosexuals take control of the gaming industry Juneteenth!
Appreciate the upates. what is the honor system for? feels totally useless ngl
We hope you will bring back the old helmet and tier brackets, everything is nice but you bring unnecessary and extremely ugly changes, hope riot can listen to us and help this game doesn't go down anymore
"We know ranked distribution is still an issue so our solution is to add a new rank in between higher ranks that aren't the issue at all."   Interesting strategy .....
só pode ser piada dizerem que gostaram das mudanças...
please update vladimir please for the love of god
promos are the best. i love it when people complained the needed to win this game for their promo. rip
所以是因为2v2v2.什么的在PBE上面，所以我这次登录PBE要等4个小时？？？其实我就想看看出了什么新皮肤而已 🤨
these two are straight nerds
BRING LUNAR BEAST MF PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
bruh making clash monthy is absoluterly terrible
lmao ASUs should be way more of a priority
About your rank system, why do i lose more LP and gain less ?????
This was the most cringe thing I've watched today. Stop scripting your stuff, bro.
Don't treat Wild Rift audiences like players in a third-rate game. Of attention that the game deserves and mainly the respect that the public asks for.
THANK GOD! NO MORE PROMOS! YES!
Hey boys do you mind giving me one of those accounts that skips the PBE queue ?  Or is asking for equal chances to play too much to ask for ?
When ever rank feel skewed ,invent a new rank on the periotic table
why ya'll not addressing the region change
WOOOOOO ARAM CLASH IN AUGUST LET'S GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I still can't believe they didn't fire everyone with the backlash early this year. These people ruined League. Too little too late. Why can I still not see  LP gains/losses in previous games? Tech only the Valorant team can figure out I suppose. Maybe replace the League devs with the Valorant team, just like you did with TFT.
I would much prefer if VGU's and ASU's were put at the forefront rather than more new champions.
Casually drops promos from league, xD well good riddance
Are they finally fixing matchmaking, oh my god!
Riot removing promos is making me cry because I have been losing promos because of griefers.
The lack of music and vanilla summoner's rift soundtrack during them talking feels very odd :D
Just improve ur servers and just make 1 big server for asia pls.  Not enough players in SEA server. Queue times is 10 mins or more just for masters and even grandmaster is only 200lp because there is not even 1000 grandmaster players in our server
NO MORE PROMOS?! YOU MEAN I CAN JUST GLIDE INTO SILVER, WITHOUT THE BS Win 2/3 of 3 GAMES to A NEW TIER?! WHERE WAS THIS WHEN I WAS GAPPING ON BRONZE 1 AND ALWAYS MISSING THE MARK?! *I'm actually happy that it's less of a grind fiesta now but it took this long doe.....*
Lmao.. Samira?? No thanks
If we get less champs in a year, then we can get finally a ryze rework again.
Most of the original champs before season 10(that have not gotten an asu already) need one because they feel clunky compared to newer champs in my honest opinion.
Yeah but doesnt tell us the update on american lcs teams and how they still havent made a wood division team
second half of 2024 ??????? exuse me ??????????'''dude you guys make so much money  and it takes for teemo more then a year to update ????
When you introduse those changes
AFTER 5 YEARS THEY SEE THAT ELOHELL IS TRUE.. OJ RITO..
Rankeds are at a dramatic level, add options that you lose less lp for positive KDA
bro zilean asu scheduled for 2089 I'll see ya there from my retirement home buddy. Hopefully I'll look like the Zilean ASU when it comes out
where are the random gamemodes. Give us something
most ranked players are silver and below because the mmr system is totally screwed up. there is no reason people who are winning a majority of games 55% and above, should be losing more lp than they gain. it makes no sense. you WILL end up where you belong regardless because when you start playing against people who are as good or better, your winrate will eventually level out. people are stopping at silver because they dont want to deal with climbing an uphill battle. adding another rank doesnt matter because those people will still stop before they even get to gold. Riot needs to do a hard rank reset, and fix the mmr system. maybe make it flap lp gains and losses regardless. revert the lp system changes we dont care just stop ignoring the real issue.
Dia 9 del mes de junio del 2023, aun siguen sacionando al que reclama en una partida pero no al que roba linea o al que muere a proposito, sigan asi y mas gente se seguira largando del juego.
Oh cool now the hard stuck silver/gold players can actually rank up. -Me a hard stuck gold player.
Fresh cut meddler
love the no promo change tbh, esp with the higher gains/losses.
Thank you for these videos 💜💜💜 You really turned it around after the dissapointing season start vid. Gj rito 💜💜💜😽
STOP IT NOT LESS CLASH MORE CLASH JESUS
Great videos, making us more comunicative than before. Finally we know what is happening with our lovely game <3
Can we get Aram ranked?
what about the new new game modes ?
Finally! No promos! It was so frustrating when you lost your promos in low elo due to trolls and AFKers. This will definitely make me play ranked more happily
No promos is great. I made it two and got bounced back by promos three times recently because of coin flippy JG and Bot lanes in my promos games. Also realted... agree that too many people in low elo is a problem. Getting some real iron-like players in my gold matches.  Clash just isn't fun for me because I OTP. My pick is always in the top three bans. Would love to see an option that evens that out somehow...
I honestly think the most frustrating part about ranked is MMR. The intransparency of the stat wich evaluates if your loosing or gaining more LP just feels really bad. Especially if the system thinks your worse than your current rank is
It always amazes me how many years it takes for riot to figure out really basic concepts and common sense
Every update is absolute dogshit
Not going to fix the rank problem if you lose more lp than gain
I've seen the competitive's mode for Valorant, "PREMIER". Who is, basically, the perfect mixed up of the old 5v5 queue and our current Clash, with some new features. So WHY we can't have this, but the Valorant players can ? Hum ?
How about you stop rigging matchmaking?
Dont put the fruits into lanes as wild rift, the game is going towards wild rift but most of the playerbase doesnt want that. Dont forget ur a different and a better game then wild rift.
Lux ASU when?
I hate that clash is monthly now
emerald tier and no promos?? CAN YOU BORROW MORE FROM WR PLEASE?!
nobody cares anymore, this game is dying.
Maybe at this point just remove leagues etc and bring back old elo system? Wouldnt it be easier?
I like the focus in clash, but making it monthly instead of biweekly is a negative in my eyes. Why limit the game mode by making it happen less often as to focusing on changing the rewards to make people actually excited to compete for a high W/L record as opposed to top 4 or bust.
YOU SEE
why would u add a new rank between plat and diamond XD
i'd be fine with teemo lore updated, but after you manage to put more than 4 lines into shaco or skarner...
we need more of these ASU'S and VGU'S
Give us league classic... PLEASE...
Disappointed.
so many bosted diamonds they need to make emerald fr
Best dev update in a long time, thanks for shaking it up!
me with a 78% wr stuck because only lose promos lmao
rip promos⚰️ instead of balancing champions and their kit they changed rank lol🤡😂
Make a better vlad default akin
Captain Teamo on duty.
I love that they remove promos when the game is dying...the game was full of life when they introduced this trash rank system
So I'm not crazy after all, thinking that Bronze and Silver have become a whole lot tougher after the removal of the demotion shield between sub-ranks. Most players got basically demoted by a rank or two from where they used to be. But the removal of promos won't fix that. Your biggest issue are the DUOS! I've had countless games ruined by duos such as Silver 1 being boosted to Gold by a smurf on an Iron account. GET RID OF DUOS IN SOLO Q!!! It's completely unfair and it's being abused on a huge scale.
wins a game +15 lp lose a game -30 lp great system f you
what about new modes and etc???
1 new champion a year and more ASUS updates would be appreciated
riena  foutre
another stupid ranked change. they dont know whats wrong wiht their own system...
PVE gamemode !!!!
=)
垃圾游戏=)
=)trash game
trash game
change the emerald with something red jesus we have greenish division already
Hiiii As a lux main When are you going to update elementalists lux cuz cosmic and dark cosmic has better effects than elementalists really hoping you'll update it
hire me
菲奥娜和贾克斯老了，这游戏也该凉了，活该凉凉
Hello. Can you make the next champion a straight white male character? I feel underrepresented in the game.
活该凉
菲奥娜和贾克斯老了，这游戏也该凉了
hehe
Who is afraid of you?
RIOT GAME is rubbish, if you don’t accept it, come and scold me
谁怕谁啊？
我说的就是你们拳头公司和玩英雄联盟的，有种来集火我，不乐意看就举报我
thank the gods! they are removing promos
Event passes are awful and the system screws us over during busy work periods, not to mention the servers go down whenever I get the chance to play.
And also, "fixing" ranked mode does erase the fact that if player refuses to do role-specific tasks (warding, taking Oracle Lens and doing epic monsters), it does not matter if you are linked to play with Iron 4 or Challenger-player. Because when that refusal happens and other team do and takes everything, you going to lose no matter what. Fix that Riot.....perhaps then ranked can be saved. Until that........keep living in your fantasy lan where everyone plays for real and don't troll.
could you guys maybe add a setting so that clash doesn't take up my hard drive space when I play league of legends? It really bloats the client size. I have a small computer.  Kind regards, mouhou.
Make it so that if I get an S+ and lose I win LP and if I win with an F I lose LP.
cool
You bore me, go away
"We'll focus on ASUS this year" Nothing released until next year
Change LP gain this system is trash 60% winrate and i get 19Lp et win and - 27 Lp on lose this is trash i quite game becaus this....
Beautiful
LESS CLASHES? Why? Do more and make half ARAM! 🔥
Crying in skarner
Help, I dont have fun Playing League anymore
Nice
Haven't touched league since the names being hidden. When it first released I was constantly trolled by for fun players, autofilled or first time champ users. I checked back about 2 months ago and lost because of a auto filled and first time jungler. Until this is reverted I'm never going back to league. Been having a blast on r6,diablo,apex and starship troopers 🫡
Skarner mains are getting desperate
Andrei sounds EXACTLY like Rowan from VLDL
You won't hear the end of "I was plat 4 back when promos were a thing, kid"
3:14, Definitely room for creaaaam.
where is naafiri
boring
Honest question about Emerald, will there be decay? If so at what rank a lower does decay effect.   As far as the Lee Sin update i'll never see it in my game, the champion is on my perma ban list. Thats how sick i am of seeing him as a champion pick 24/7.
do something with your glasses, its so distracting..
Riot give samiras style passive an announcer please.
LMAO who tf plays Samira
They just casually rush over the fact that there is a new rank division lol. Emerald. crazy.
thats cool but im gaining 18-21 lp and losing 27-29lp  with a over 50% wr on 200 games+
i like these. please make more
What ever happens with the game, we all love the regular updates! Please keep them coming 😁
LP gain should be more based on individual performance. Bad players should lose more LP when they lose and gain less LP when they win, while good players should be rewarded more. LP system should be similar to Valorant's RR system🤔🤔🤔
make brightmoon stop smiling it scares me
Love when they use videos like this to update us
The Decupdate-Format is so cool. Thanks a lot. <3
Okay but why is adding a new tier between plat and diamond gonna help with most of players being silver and below? Their reasoning literally makes 0 sense, or am I missing something?
And Talk about the bugs in the game ? The bug of farm in K/D/A bar, and TAB BAR
But why fewer Clash cups :(
-30LP AND +15 LP 53% WINRATE NOOBS RIOT NICE RANKED NICE
Why would you change Teemo's voice? It's perfect.
Emerald looks like platinium
I love the fact those update videos exist. Even if some of things take a lot of time, at least you let us know you are working on them and didn't forget!
they're so emotional and passionate wow
Sorry but now , with 64 bit servers, can you do a thing that you can set the announcer voice different from the champions voice lines? For example: Italian voice for champions and the Announcer in games in  English . And maybe with all languages of the game like korean , japanese  either in EUW . you just add 9 emotes , but this will be better , don't it?
i will be proud being hardstuck emerald
Please do something about the insane amount of blue essence that’s been I’ve been accumulating over the years. I’ve been playing since 2012, and having all the champions there’s really nothing I can do with the 20-40k blue essence I have. To add to that, the amount of champion shards is also piling up too. I have about 200+ champion shards and 200+ champion capsules that will again, turn into more unwanted blue essence. Little things that might wanna be looked at are honor rewards and champion masteries. Ty riot!
Hello I want to play your game but I was wondering if there are any Mexican or Mexico related characters?
You wanna add another rank to fix the ranked problems in silver !? That wont solve anything, it's a luck based game so skill decides literally nothing in ranked games!
CAN WE GIVE TALON SOMETHIGN HAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAA
Too many players in silver and below, so let's add this rank that is above plat.... smart one.
restore old modes as permanent (3v3, dominion, news blitz)  make summoners rift as quick as it is on wild rift  give pyke his 300g from his ult back  game fixed.
I think deleting the promos is really bad. It was in comparison to other games a Special thing in ranked and is a cool challenge everytime.
I hope clash is a two day Tournament if its only one a month with a bigger bracket and bo3 finals. Will that happen? No because accessibility but i can dream
Just adding one more comment about the simplicity of the video and how we all loved it!
why clash will become monthly :( . It is better to be biweekly because my and my friends love playing it a lot
Please. Change Leona, Fizz and Nautilus splat art.
You are better off never playing this game again.
give us 3v3 back!
Riot could have just put back the old team ranked mode and sell icons and t shirts costumized by teams. you guys could make millions off this but you guys have too much ego to admit flex and clash are a total failure and no mather for how long you drag it and force people into playing it its always going to be a terrible mode
I just want a new map
A yes the classic "Gold stands for Average"
2nd half 2024 what a joke
Emerald just looks the same like platinum, it feels like just another stage of plat elo. At least think of something more different for example Ruby?
nerf ksante
Bring back Twisted Treeline 😭
hello where tf is draft mode for sg server hello?
hello where tf is draft mode for sg server hello?
Rank system is back to how it was in Season 2, lets go!!!!
Hopefuly the ranked changes won't inflate the current amount of players in platinum.
tfw no LB ASU despite her dated appearance and popularity in all levels of play 😔
Bring back team ranked!
cant wait for someone called Riot Deez Nuts
They focusing more on wild rift at this point
I can’t get past silver bc every time I’m close to series I get a string of games where people just want to int for no reason. Never fails to happen lol
北美甲级战犯！
Sounds great!! thanks riot
i think irelias pretty balanced
No more promos, 99999 ranks. How about we can just see our MMR instead of all this mumbo jumbo
ZILEAN BRO
How is having a new rank between plat and diamond gonna fix having too many silver players?
So cool that Meddler is still at Riot. I love Brightmoon too. I wish smurfing and the low price of accounts got fixed but I appreciate all the work you guys do regardless.
ima have diabetes from those sweet smiles
Nerf tanks.
Dog's game  Same as animals player🎉🎉🎉🎉
So it takes a full year for a team of developers to release a visual update for an already low quality 3d characters, jesus… and I’m guessing the client will still be the worst piece of software most of us had seen
how about you do something to keep lowlifes from creating smurf accounts over and over again
Love thé updates actual communication is nice
Thanks again for killing league guys :,) you saved us the REAL PLAYERS lots of money and time... THANK YOU SO!! (keep the good work, youre doing fine...)
I like having less promos, but i kinda feel like having promos to move up from one tier to the next makes sense, even just 3 games makes sense, but im gonna play anyways.
loved this updates <33
please dont ruin rankeds, and remove iron. stop adding new elos
What about Skarner???
so happy that they are getting rid of the PROMO matches system!  Those were the most annoying, frustrating matches I ever play.  Ever.
I know they are releasing a new game mode(2v2v2v2) but will it be bad if they bring back doom bots
Not like winning 9 out of 10 promos did anything positive to your rank anyways, so no great loss...
are y'all running a sweat shop? give the people some space...
still no compensation for the multiple wasted clash weekends and tickets cause of the garbage client huh?
LP Based on individual performance ?? Where is it
All I want from the devs is a way to change right-click to just-move.  No contextual auto-attack, JUST move. Please. Please please please please please please please?
Soooo.. no new content? Cool I can happily not touch league for another month.
so if 5% or below is  gold 4 or above why would you differentiate that even more? Iron was added for this exact reason, just add another ranking down there and do something for the 95% of players
I just wanna be able to login and queue aram without having any issues
What abut the removal of auto fill and needing to off role in ranked?
disgruntled boomer feels that promo changes are watering down the authenticity of the climb.  after second thought, perhaps a 60+% win rate over a precise series of games is an exaggerated representation of the climb
if there's no promos... please... for the love of god... tell me the ranked shield is gone. tell me the silver/gold/plat 4 demons who are the real reason promos are impossible are gone and will finally derank to where they should be
If riot didn't want to update Skarner why even put him in the rework overhaul poll? Just don't put him there if he's gonna be delayed for 2+ years ._. Next thing you know his reworks becomes mild or even lacking with all these delays for whatever reason  Especially when Udyr and Jax got their small reworks
Essence emporium when?
Omg finally some nice changes to ranked love it keep it up
Where is the video with the quick question and answer mentioned 6:00?
Wait so what is the point of adding an additional rank tier when match making is purely based on MMR now? Since they got rid of visible rank match making?
I do like some of the new champs they've come out with, but I'd be happier not having any new champs for a couple years if it meant they'd work on older champs.
Simple and easy to understand. Keep this kind of communication up! Like that they are working to incentivize playing out a Clash Tournament. Get's rid of the sore loser effect for sure! League should be FUN!
You ever going to do something about smurfing? Like they do in Korea? Trying to go from Gold to plat, All i get is diamond+ smurfs.
If you brought back Twisted Treeline and made 3v3 clashes, I would absolutely cream my jorts
I would like to keep bi weekly clash :(
I gotta say for tier 1 clash when it starts at 9:15 pm and you lose the first game and it's 10:30 ish pm before you get into your 2nd game it's not worth it to go 2-1 or 1-2 for a clash icon and a summoners icon. So yeah if I lose first game I am out.
Wild Rift is losing all of its exclusives lmao
Delete duo system
So i understand the removing promotion series and it makes sense to me. But if you want a more diverse/even ranked ladder wouldnt it be better to remove a rank not add one? for ex.  make it... - Bronze(IV-I)-Silver(IV-I)-Gold(IV-I)-Plat(IV-I)-Diamond(IV-I)-Master-Grand Master-Challenger  instead of...  - Iron(IV-I)-Bronze(IV-I)-Silver(IV-I)-Gold(IV-I)-Plat(IV-I)-Emerald(IV-I)-Diamond(IV-I)-Master-Grand Master-Challenger  I am trying to understand the reasoning but can't, I understand the removing promotion series but not the adding rank instead of removing one/two
bring Draft Norms back to SEA Server please
Hey devs, when will the new revamped AI come out??? I'm tired of people online being people online.
they still have to work in an office???? wow lol, fail
Essence emporium upate?
Where is my scorpion.
Emerald was teased like 4 seasons ago lmfao only just now implementing it
Sorry but adding a new tier and naming the new tier Emerald makes no sense why not just adjust the distribution so that Platinum is basically where Emerald would be and properly distribute the other tiers accordingly. By adding the new tier you're undoing the changes you are making and just making it seem like something changed. Also why not make it Rhodium or Palladium. Adding another gem is unnecessary and redundant especially since it is green and next to Platinum which already has a greenish tint. I also don't want more gems added in the future like Ruby or Sapphire. This needs to be stopped right now before it begins.
To devs: Why you remake Aurelion Sol😭😭😭  Sincerely, a gamer
These 2 carrying riot fr
Seems silly to me to remove half the clashes and additionally remove even more of the summoners rift clashes. Maybe you could still do biweekly but alternate between alt and SR gamemodes?
I just checked the instagram videos, WHY are all the comments there so rude?
It's too bad the dislikes are hidden.
Alright! Bringing in HOPE and the MONEY~
Hot take emerald is dumb, diamond is one thing because it's the top (before masters) but emerald is a gem when the other ranks are precious metals
in league of legend, you are controlling one hero. he/she will go up in level, and you can buy items, especially to get that advantage. but most of the time youre not a pro, you have random teammates, and you have to understand, when you nake a moba, if the developers can meet the meta, then players will have a game that draws them in and accelerates them. but no one has, its all colors. a great gsme now influences streaming platforms like twitch and youtube
Always disappointed but that's league
Aram rank? Afk on Aram?
ranked needs voice comms. ik the community can be toxic but i think u can disable it for ppl with low honor or whatever. comms could help revive ranked
WTF happened to the new AI for bots? We've had intermediate bots since the beginning of League time.
Riot has expanded the rank system since 2013... Gold used to be top 5%, now it's 25%.... this is just another attempt to Make the people that aren't improving feel better about themselves instead of solving the actual issue of smurfing.
Rework Tryndamere
The rapid QnA videos are good, but imo they should also be uploaded on youtube. If you don't want to clutter the page with too much videos then just add it to these DEV update videos
i only have 1 thing to say. Deleted Neeko
please update chogath, corky and shaco lores
Me: here VERY upset that I'm probably going to try league one more time because these changes look pretty decent and a lot of it is going in the right step.
*Teemo's face is cute and perfect without expression, I hope you guys don't ruin it!*
"Wait, our players like to perceive gold rank as low elo? Let's actually make gold low elo then!"
Bruh my dad build a house with his cousin in less than half the time this company needs to make a visual update to one fckn blind man in a game with 2010 graphics lmao
So is the Shyvanna update coming after Skarner or has that been shelved?
ranked changes could kill the game on the spot or actually encourage more play. Time will tell. My gut says this will be incredibly negative from a purely sportsmanship perspective, but again time will tell.
Finally u people realized the need of an elo between plat and diamond, tio many boosted players are going straight to Emerald,also the no promos thing, finally u done it
ty for ur hard work but please fix the lp gain vs loss. like i gain 18 lp and when i loose i loose 29 like bruh ?
The ASU progress is embarrassingly slow. Do you need to hire more people? Many beloved champs won't get updated until the year 3000....
Like a bunch of the folks here I’m commenting how much I appreciate these vids ❤
Please focus on reworking old champions we desperately need these updates.
Get rid of loser Q then so much of the player base wouldnt be in silver
monthly sounds awful for clash. i rather do the bi weekly for sure.
fix the game
wild rift is the new pbe
hey guys, massive player base issues in g4 below, so we implemented a new rank above plat, wow man, thatll help the 90% of players in silver a lot!
clashing once every month is a big L
I kind of liked the promos, it felt like a best of 3. I liked the pressure. It was a different experience from just gaining elo.
This is how it should be:  1.  Legend Top 100 2.  GrandMaster 500-101 3.  Master 1000-501 4.  Expert  5.  Adept 6.  Student 7.  Silver 8.  Copper 9.  Plastic 10. Dirt (Only 1 Divsion)
Promos were so hype. Rest in peace
No Skarner update, sad.
Everything sounding great so far, really love these monthly blogs
Wait i wont have the promos trash algorithm now? That after my 3-4wimming streak on promos I would have the worst games? With trollers afkers etc?
In my silver promo, I just met a teammate who play Nasus with ZERO farm!!!  Yup, he's just dancing under turrets, don't afk, don't farm and don't deal any dmg to champ either.  So glad that they remove promo!! YES!!!
like why cant we get a ranked aram ?
I have to admit silver doesn't feel silver. Due to fked up system most of the players seem like gold 3 that are being stuck in silver due to +23 -27 and people who are just bored playing seriously and non stop. Back in the day low plat players would leave solver and low gold in like 20games, now feels like 30-40games is the minimum to reach gold  1-2
Aint no way its taking them 2 years to redo the art and animations for 2 champions bruh
Loving these dev updates! I think it's the majority opinion that we'd rather have only one new champion a year if it meant there would be more of a focus on updating the old ones.
When is the ceo making a video
FINALLY, PROMOS IS A BROKEN SYSTEM
I don't get what's so funny.
as nice as extra low Elo ranks sounds.  still doesn't fix the smuring cancer.... and there's a LOT of those.  Every time I see a streaming doing a 100 games to plat video I cringe at the thought of the abuse they are doing.
Twisted Treeline Clash anyone?
Why clash only monthly? I love clash, rest in peace fun................
we added a new rank, cool cool
Please... Keep the league healthy, fun and mostly interactive. Nobody likes silly and easy cell phone games.
TEEMO NO TOUCH
FIRE STEPHANY
Bring as a SG in WR too
NO TOUCHING TEEMO
i love these videos
i just want urf back
Hmmm might be fun to climb back to diamond once again. When does these changes hit the live server though?
Thank you for the communications and updates it’s really appreciated. I agree with the general consensus that I’d be fine with less new heroes and more visual and kit updates.
Fix the client Riot
"All the players are silver and below". Hmmmm, lets add a new tier between diamond and plat!!!!  I m sure that the Ranked dev team has never played a game of league in their life ...
So glad for clash update! Too many FF’s in the consolation bracket like, c’mon, the tournament-style game layout is still fun.
The new rank is just stupid. Why would you ever add that? Common riot L nothing good coming from this company.
So what is the rank reset for above diamond? Will it still ve plat 1 or emerald now?
you riot
eyo so clash will be once a month?  wtf
NO MORE PROMO
So what are you saying with the ranked changes? People who are now in silver will be shifted into gold, or?
100 pc nuggets is an incredible username
pls bg sound
Samira? Sadge
Take your teemo and star guardians and stick it! clown company!
I think you will need to reset/revert Rank tiers to pre S9. There was no need for GM, but a tier between Diamond and Masters. Masters were challenger players but needed a little more, but now they are filled with Pre-S9 (Diamond and Plat players) who made it to Master not because their skill got better (Some are) but because of elo inflation and having extra tier - GM. There was no need for Iron tier but a tier between Gold and Plat.  The changes in S9 introduced elo inflation at that time I saw hard stuck Plat/D5 for many seasons in high Master/GM, and look at how low quality ranks has become. You don't need to play, but enough to watch high elo streamers (Pro players or Challenger players from before S9) and listen to their comments.   What about other issues? Bugs? boosted and smurf accounts? What about the real problems are not some UI changes that will not make the game quality better?
I really hate the cheap wings ranks aesthetic. Bring back the cool armor!  Anyone else?
This game still alive?
Why make clash monthly????
As much as I'm happy with the ranked changes, still disappointed on the standards
I'm not playing ranked without promos
more videos good!
Revert EVERY single ranked change you've made and then hard reset every single player
wtf is that teemo?!?! Keep him in the works
thank you for the update, no more promos lets goo!!
NONONONONO clashes once a month is the most terrible news I could hear. That's literally what I play this game for. I think they interpreted players' needs completely wrong. If players leave after losing and want to play for win only, then I don't believe these changes will make them play for 3rd and 5th place. They leave because i.e. they got a random guy or more into the squad and their first game was so bad, that they didn't want to continue games with this bad random player, or this random player left. So, if you see that people want to play for win only, I would change the clash the way there is no loose bracket and give them more tries within a day and organize it more often! That's the simple solution guys, overthink it. I'm not gonna wait 1 month for playing my favorite game mode, I give up.
GIVE VLADIMIR SOME LOVE FFS YOU CHINESE SLAVES !!!!
As someone who only logs into league to play clash, I’m pretty disappointed that it will only be occurring monthly now.
YEEES SERAPHINE AND ORI IM SO HAPPY THANK YOUU
Tbh that 100pc nugget chick was rly chill to hear talk about the game. Her segment felt way less stiff & scripted. May just be my opinion but she's 1 of the best people I've seen talk in these videos.
This update is just raising peoples LP, not changing their skill level or the MMR system
Poor goddam skarner
I don't want to sound boring, and I approve of Riot's attitude of wanting to be more honest and transparent with the game community but... I would love for this to be done in a more professional, serious and impersonal way. Especially in Brazil, we already have too many content creators. People who make jokes involving the game and everything. That's cool, but we need a solid foundation for pranks to happen. Otherwise we've got a bunch of people "clowning", and nobody taking it seriously.
4:18 ORIANNA HAS NEW ABILITY ICONS!?!
Ranked changes sound really good.
This dev communication is the perfect thing a company needs to have to keep in touch with their community. Well done Riot
So lee sin “new” asu is the one already in wild rift
did yall see the new spell icons for orianna or am i the only one happy about that...
No star guardian Gwen????
MORE FASTER BETTER, AHHHH!!!?!
OMG I can't wait to be hardstuck Emerald!
How is Emerald rank and no promos fix that 99% of people are below silver?
Unsure of how I feel about emerald tier. Promo removal is a massive W. Clash timeline changes sound HORRIBLE though. Once a month AND occasionally that once a month tournament will be an ARAM one? What is the benefit of cutting clash events literally in half? Just seems like a net loss across the board.
It felt like one of these meetings u never rly needed cause they didn't add any value to the overall project... Yes Yes great vid... or Keep it up or whatever
Maybe there is a reason the playerbase is all below silver, what are we trying to do with this update???
Whats the point of this video? I don't get it
Hey hows grievous wounds doing or not doing. is it fixed yet or is it still going to be plagued by champs that dont need resistances because they can just heal up.
Whyyy u change ranked.Don't do that
one for all, all random ultra rapid fire ,ultra rapid fire , doom bots, hexakill, ascension , black market brawlers, nemesis draft, nexus blitz ,nexus siege, snowdown showdown, ultimate spellbook , overcharge ,hunt of the blood moon, dark star singularity ,definitely not dominion ,invasion,odyssey extraction,legend fo the poro king. Plz bring back some old ones or make some new ones ;(
UNBAN ME FROM LEAGUE
bro fix ranked matchmaking xDDD
add silco pls
thank you for keeping us up to date!!!! love these so much & really hope to see them continue on <3
Really good direction for the clash and ranked changes but the execution lacks precision. First of all, are ARAM clashes replacing some of the normal ones which means we can have 2 months without proper clash. Also why is clash getting changed to once per month and if so why not make it always 16 team bracket and not 8. Apart from all of this , adding new division will make climbing even more grindy, which will frustrate many players that try to get to the higher divisions. Instead could you please fix the issue with losers and winners q - it is a real issue and denying it is completely delusional. So overeall good ideas but the changes are not what they are supposed to be.
fix euw client.
The Single most frustrating part of Ranked has imho is making me place every year. If I make Silver, I should start in Silver. If I end in Gold, I Start next year in Gold. If I finish Bronze, I start Bronze.
When will master yi receive a ASU. Dude is one of the oldest champs and his base is terrible.
NERF DIVINE SUNDERER.  UN-NERF FORCE OF NATURE. WTF were you thinking?
I don't get how adding emerald will reduce the amount of players in silver and below
GIVE SHYVANA HER REWORK MAN!😭😭😭
22.5 Years to update de rest of the champs :c
3 adcs with Ultimate.....
I’d rather have vgus,asu’s, and reworks than new champs rn
The ranked distribution changes wont matter if you dont get rid of the rubberband system that tries to keep players at 50% win rate and the soft resets that are meaningless since the system tries to put you right back where you ended the previous season at. This will create essentially the same distribution with a tiny bit more spread over the 4 new tiers within emerald. The reason the vast majority of players are below gold 4 is because the system disincentivizes climbing or trying to climb for the average time played. The skill level between silver 2 and diamond 3 is already negligible.
your changes aren't goign to fix ranked. what goign to fixed ranked is skill based LP gains and losses. If you INT or greif it will show in oyur performance. you should lose less LP if you performed well. you havea letter ranking system and a means to measure vision score, KP, income, etc. You guys are just lazy.
Please, I implore you, bring back Team Ranked in addition to clash.
I was still wondering what happened with Naafiri that we are in June now and is not out yet but at this point I think that i'm more interest in the lore in Runeterra since we got a lot of Riot Forge games giving us the oportunity to explore more the universe
Love when they use videos like this to update us. They are clear and honest.
Still waiting for the skarner rework ;_;
can we make bots ai better i cant stand playing against other players while practicing and i would like them to at least take smite for jungle or go right lane and not for example morgana mid with supp items
I like the switch back to monthly clashes, but i feel like the non summoners rift clashes shouldn't take the place of that months standard clash. Waiting 8 weeks to play a fully competitive clash will feel pretty rough
I would like to see duo removed from solo queue... it's supposed to represent your solo skill for a reason, but then you can duo (maybe with someone smurfing)... if players want to play with friends we already have Flex.  Speaking of smurfings... I guess you would not like a low elo player get an hight elo account and ruin games in hight elo... so why low elos have to deal with hight elo players smurfing and ruin the experience of the lower elo players?!   Also I don't feel the game is balanced to play ranked! But for fun yes... Why, tanks are raid bosses, they are able to tank all and still deal tons of damage, depending on the tank sometimes they are even the highest dmg dealt on the team combined with the most tanked dmg, fighter with life steal or sustain items can heal recover too much, not even anti heal items can do much, and there are also some abilities in game that literally one shot so much for the "durability" changes.
FINALLY SG WILL BE RELEASE. ITS ABOUT TIME BREH😅
Thank god, promos are toxic af.
BRO?! "aram clash was well received" "next aram clash will be in august", HUH? just adding 2 months to it for fun? Must be hard to just ... you know... add it in the upcoming weeks?
You should give Thresh a visiual update, he should look a lot scaryer and have a lot more interactions and lore with other champs. His kit is perfect the way it is!
I am really happy they are adressing ranked distribution. That just didn't make sense historically. Also is there a platinum League redesign coming with the addition of Emerald? :O
So to make clash "feel more special" your solution is to make it occur once a month???? Are y'all serious... There is no reason I shouldn't be able to make a 5 man team and play a clash tournament at ANY time of the day. It's the best part of league... Why discourage 5 man content, ya know... the way the game was intended to be played... Such a stupid change.
WOW
Still no skarner updates 🤣(💀)
whenever jeremy talks I feel like he about to break up with me.
so, reworked tribunal when?
bro why does league just want to take away all the skills in the game. wont be fun anymore then
ASUs/VGUs > new champions
hahahahahaha everyone is in silver
With the exception of Udyr, seems only ADC's and supports are viable for Ultimates. Unfortunate
Finally i can be plastic V
No more promos
Helloooooooooooooooooooo SG server transfer out????.??.?
I think rank games are garbage and there is no way to fix it unless you ban 50% of the players.
oh no emerald rank
amongus in 3:48
And when will you put smurfs back to their dungeon?
So many champs overdue for an update. You guys are going too slow
Removing LP loss would be nice too.
Please now release the game in India. Valorent is doing well so please do the honor.
second part of riot video: get ready to empty your wallet
Instead of calling it the 2 v 2 v 2 v 2 gamemode, just call it the '4 Teams' gamemode. It just sounds better as a temporary name than 2 v 2 v 2 v 2 which sounds so convoluted.
if you guys could address why the ASUs are so slow, that'd be awesome. there are so many champs who just look and feel very outdated.  also, random note- can we please look into letting us honor as many teammates as we want? or even enemies? I don't understand why I have to choose just one ally to honor if my whole entire team was very nice, tilt proof, and tried their hardest to win.
The clash time iis good as it îs tho, why change it
Uhm so...what bout the smurf issue?
Honestly, I would love it if they brought back some of their updated champions. Both with their quirky vgu's and old kits, even if only as an alternative choice during champ select. The old map would also be lovely if we had a choice to choose one before the game started. Played the game for over ten years and i've reached the point where i struggle to distinguish both champs and abilities in league, simply because everything overlaps or sparkles so much.
a small indie company
they need to make samira dance il dante does in dmc 5, or there will be bloodshed
THERE WAS AN ARAM CLASH BEFORE? WHY AM I ONLY HEARING ABOUT THIS NOW?!
kapjátok be, ennyi a véleményem😇
this MFs name is 100 pc nuggets lmfao
no promos? am i going to be getting back into league?  very good chance now.
Imagine being such a huge company and giving the fans 1 ASU per year! Talk about fast development
So cinematic 2023 when Riot ???
adding emerald wont change anything, everyone will still be stick in silver.
zzz samira ultimate give me ahri ultimate
what is teemos new lore
Good work good videos. NEVER CHANGE THIS FORMAT PLZ
Taliyaaaaahhhhhh
Seraphineeeeee <3
Even more rank inflation for higher ELO. A few more updates like this and I'll get GM without needing to improve! This is really making high ELO feel quite lame to be in.
new gamemode? TwT
BRO WHEN CAN I LEAVE THE SEA SERVER MY MAIN ACC HAS BEEN TRAPPED THERE FOR HALF A YEAR BY NOW?????
honestly it helps when you put a voice interaction in ranked games like in valorants
Would love to get Star Guardian Gwen in LoL because she is so fancy
where is my scorpion riot
So for the people who like clash you make it available 50% less ?  That doesn't sound good....  I basically only play clash. Rarely ranked anymore. So now I can do this only once a month instead if twice :(
I feel like patch 13.13 should have some sort of Star Wars related easter egg.
Dont worry guys. Skarner will be out late 2025
dislike +1 youtube u cant stop us
What a slow stupid company… Jesus Christ
yo i was grinding so hard last night til morn just to get out of Silver and ended with 1win promo  ahahaha. now logging in to see if im G4 fcken a but looks like they doin the updates now so cant log in. Looks like reaching PLAT this year wont be so hard. Just had so much cry babies in previous rank games its insane!
ARAM ranked .... when ?
Wasn't this dev update supposed to include questions from twitter?
Honestly one Summoner Clash and one ARAM clash a month would be amazing. Instead of the regular summoner biweekly.
Samira 😐😑
why samira?
I haven’t been into league for a few seasons now. But I don’t think adding a new rank with really help with the ladder distribution. If most players are gold iv and lower…why add a rank that’s above them. We already have master, grandmaster, challenger for the highest ranked players and even iron was added for the lowest tier..  There needs to be a better way of gaining LP so you don’t get a few bad teams and now you’re at a net loss of LP for a whole week of grinding. Take into consideration of gameplay, team play, objectives making your huge loss of LP to a fraction so you don’t feel losing 1 game is a reset to the limited time of play one might have.
oh my god i might finally play ranked and that's saying something LMAO. people get so incredibly twisted up (understandable, to a point) about promo games to move up a rank, to the point where 1st blood on their team is instant 6 tears run it down. it makes it miserable for the rest of the team. taking that pressure off i think can only be good for ranked
Let's bring ASU ahri to Mobie
good changes, but clash should be WEEKLY, you guys are taking away another weekend of tournaments by making it only monthly is worse.
would be better to have MORE Clash than less. really disliked that. if it's needed a bigger impact Clash it would be better to have Clash every single weekend, but one of those be a bigger Clash.
So bad. League of re....
Man, I just want any rotating game mode right now. It’s been how many months since one. The focus on 2v2v2v2 and not having other game modes in the mean time cant be worth it. Id rather just have urf,  ultimate spell book, or nexus blitz (not you, one for all)
Please also introduce a system that prevents ones MMR to be destroyed when losing at 0 LP (or  close to 0). One thing that might be even more frustrating that the promos is being stuck in the bottom division of a rank with +20/-30 LP gains and losses.   My proposed solution for this problem would be that if a player loses a game at lets say gold 4 0 LP they will have -25 LP in gold 4.  Then they have 3 games to get back to positive LP (redemption games) if its their first time having negative LP after getting promoted. Subsequent drops below 0 LP will lead to a lower number of redemption games. If they don't manage to reach a positive LP count then they will be demoted to silver 1 with the negative LP being subtracted your LP in silver 1 (e.g. LP after redemption games: -50 -> you will be placed in silver 1 with 50 LP).  If you drop below  -100 LP during your redemption games you will be moved to silver 2 with your negative LP being subtracted (e.g. LP reaches -125 during your redemption games -> you will be placed in silver 2 with 75 LP). Minor divisions should have a redemption games count of 1.
wtf is emerald rank bruh
I hope one day Cho'gath will get a ASU
Skarner 🤔
Everyone, start picking Zilean. If we do his playrate will shoot up, and Riot will have to address him like they said they would. He's at a point where the only reason he isn't wildly nerfed is because his pick rate is so low.
and twisted treeline back, no ?
Zzzzzzz Zzzz
Completely disagree with lack of promos for tier rank ups. Players should have to be tested and rewarded for playing well under pressure.
wait wait wait..  he said theres a cluster of noobs in silver right now.. and that he didnt want them to be all clustered in a narrow band.. so to fix that, they gonna add a new tier between plat and diamond.. OKAY that sounds like its gonna help SILVER.. yup. sure does
I thing clash needs changes and this is  a good start but if u would just make a 4 team group 3 games played for everyone it would be more fair
"I'm Em2." 🤔
You know why a majority of players are in silver and below? Because a majority of players are braindead lmao
IRON BOIIS WAAAGHHH!
Where is skarner give him up stop holding him hostage i needed skarner
Wish both of this are dead.
I now understand why the game has become so unplayable.. black walls/floors, black equipment/desks, no flowers, warehouse lighting... Fix the servers, bring balance to all champs, punish troll, toxic, feeders/win traders. Let light touch your souls, we want you back :)
The ranked changes are fine but we *need* something to be done about smurfs, guys. There are *WAY* too many smurfs on this game for it to be actually enjoyable.
My jaw dropped when she said we have to wait a year and a half to get Teemo to look like he belongs to a game above PS2, it's not that I want them to hurry up in the actual ASUs, but man back in 2018 they had like 7 champion updates in progress at the same time and they didn't die or something you know. the clear problem is that they don't receive enough resources to have more teams making each one of them a champion update so we can expect Cho'Gath and Zilean to be reworked in 2040 after all the pretty ladies and boys
I would like to see a skill based ranking system. A system based on your champion mastery performance in game. If you consistently get S in your games you should by default be a better player than someone who gets C all the time. Winning a game isn't reflective of your actual skill and knowledge unless all players on your team and the enemy team have that same skill and knowledge. EDIT: This sounds a lot like MMR imagine if your rank was based on that. I think that would be a more accurate reflection of players true skill.  Even though in chess winning does matter, the rankings also consider time taken to win. Say 2 people have 10 wins each, but one took 10 hours and the other took 20 hours, the 10 hour player would be ranked higher in that bracket. Could probably go even deeper and not only have the lowest time to victory but also the lowest number of moves. These all get taken into considering ranks in chess.  Riot's only consideration to rank is Win/Loss. Which is not reflective of true skill.  Imagine: Earning rank points based on your performance in a victory. In a game you would lose X% ranked points if you lose, and gain X% ranked points if you win, based on your performance. Performing poorly in a win would net less rank points than performing well in a win. Performing poorly in a loss would net lose more rank points than performing well in a loss.
please, do not remove promos between divisions i beg you, please.
how about u remove smurfing ? it cant be that after i hit gold 3-2 i have to play vs 3-4 botted smurf accs who are literally still having their botgames and are toxic af they grief troll or have huge winrates im done with rankeds tbh , make a 1 acc policy or a hardware id bann
Clash only once a month? If you can't play that weekend, you loose the opportunity to get the clash season points, the oportunity to feel the clash system, etc... When you have more events, loosing 1 weekend is not as punished as loosing 1 month. Clash 1st season: march-june (8 weekends), 2nd season (probably) agoust-november (another 8). A total of 16 clashes to get points. If it is reduced to half, there will be only 8. It might be better to allow tier 3, 2 and 1 to start earlier in the afternoon.
I want Ashen Knight Pyke 😢
What game is being discussed on tv in background!? I see T for teens sign… mmo?
STOP MAKING SO MANY NEW CHAMPIONS. We don’t care that much about them. We want updates to existing characters!
Please bring over soda pop ahri to main game !
Please do not keep making 3 new champions a year and star working on more champion reworks. It would be way faster because we already have the champion's design, lore and core and it would be so good to have champions people already love with a more modern gameplay and look. I honestly don't mind getting only a new champion a year and a faster progress for reworks or visual updates.
All I want is an PVE Mode... Some non-competitive game modes... Give us Nexus Blitz and such ! Casual Playerbase is dying...
Ashe is becoming the new Lux
I think removing promos was a mistake. It's something players complained about but I feel it was necessary to separate players into actually skilled and knowledgeable ones from players who just happened to get through.
Great im going to have to start banning Samira again, people finally have an excuse to play her.
I 100% rather cgu/asu/vgu over new champs, if thats where league is heading im on board with it.
Am I the only one who enjoys going through promos ? It's not even that hard and makes it much more rewarding to go up ranks
Thank God for Stephanie. Could you have more human beings do these presentations?
DOES THIS MEAN WE GET THE HELMET RANKED ICONS AGAIN??? PLEASE SAY YES
delete samira
3:41 2nd image describes 99.99% of Lee players
But where is Skarner
MONTHLY CLASH?! why! it's the only time i actually enjoy the game anymore and now I have to wait a whole month just to wait for the client to break and get autofilled yumi jungle
i hate this company
1. Cut out the duo queue from the solo queue, and somehow make the flex queue more attractive and prestigious for players.  Аfter all, the game is a teamplay oriented game, and without increasing the popularity of the flex queue, the game is doomed to fade, IMO, but socialization lays the future of it.  2. Reduce the loss of LP in cases where the losing team had a disconnect or afk one.  Ideally, even in cases where someone sabotages the match, but how to implement this?  A flexible system for calculating the average KDA and when someone ~1-15-0 the system increases the punishment for the griefer and reduces it for the rest of the team members? Difficult, but possible.   3. Come up with a more complicated approach to restricting soft-leveling market accounts from accessing ranked ones. Now it's like it doesn't exist at all.  You can’t catch leveling bots by the hand (or don’t want to for some “unknown reason”), but you can increase the threshold for playing ranked by level from 30 to N-number (300 FOR EXAMPLE. Just kidding. OR AM I?), and also limit the number of games against AI per day, up to unlocking the "ranked" level (okay, let it be 60). Then the community will itself filter out bot accounts.   I understand that the statistics of new account registrations is amusing your complacency, and that the Chinese "senior partner" is pleased with the numbers, but don't be fooled, the encouragement of such practice (which is exactly how I see why you turned off the smurf queue at the beginning of the season, and increased the receipt LP after ~3 months of the season, which was especially reflected in new accounts) is equivalent to sawing the branch on which you sit.  4. This point follows from the previous one: keep improving achievements so that having a high-level profile is respectable, prestigious. Then people will love their profiles even more, will value what they got during the games more. RIOT's own ladder? Return of forum with profile reputation? Socialization of profiles like in STEAM? It is high time.  Summing up points 3 and 4 - make it harder for cheaters / unscrupulous / toxic players to access the ranked queue using new accounts on the one hand, and encourage the presence of a profile with achievements on the other hand (high account level, number of games, account reputation and honor). This has been partly implemented, but more is needed.  5. Well, listen, fix up/set up matchmaking already, how much longer can we endure?  Disabling the duo queue will solve this problem to some extent, but it is still necessary that the matchmaking system take into account other profile data besides the MMR, which is already opaque and annoying (hello Gold 1 with a 100% win rate in 40 games vs. Diamonds with a 40% win rate in 150 games).  Per se, this paragraph is about returning the smurf queue. But not only. It is necessary that the matchmaking takes into account the number of games played, the level of the profile, the percentage of wins, and even the average KDA of the player profile.  Difficult to do? Yes. But without it, players will continue to suffer because they will still be competing with players who are obviously smurfs/scammers/cheaters.   If we can not fight openly, we need to use tricks. Let a player with a perfect KDA and a 100% win rate play with the same outstanding individuals, what's wrong with that? The same is true for those whose *averages* suggest griefing and win trading.   6. I forgot, there was something else, I will add later, perhaps.  P.S. GL HF
Promos were alwaya the thing i absolutely hated, so their removal are so welcome
No more promos is the best change in League history.
So, when LoL ranked started (back then with the classic ELO-system), there were Bronze, Silver, Gold and Platinum. In mid 2012 Diamond got introduced. Then Master and Challenger got introduced to better differentiate between the very good and the best players. And then came Grandmaster and Iron.   And now Emerald. Why? The vast majority of people are still gonna be in bronze-gold territory. Even if you "change the ranked distribution" the way you say, it's likely gonna change from bronze-gold to silver-platinum.   I just don't see Emerald doing a whole lot FOR ranked or the community.
looks like the dev team has a little sugar in their tank
3v3 ranked 3v3 ranked 3v3 ranked porcamadonna
Add  Wood, or Bamus under Iron
I literally quit league till season ends cuz of how unplayable soloq is rn. These changes to ranked sound great. Will redownload the game again after season resets
Where is the darkin assasin?
I'd really want to know the relation of how much money they make vs. what they invest back into the development.
Im no friend of emerald. We could just get the 5. Division back... feels as off as the adding of the new rank in valorant...
Why dont you do something about smurfs playing in low elo rank
I don't see how adding yet another tier to the ranked ladder is gonna improve it, just makes it more complicated.
WHEN ARE U MUDAFUCKERS GOING TO ADD MIC TO LEAGUE OF LEGENDS ?
Always happy to see these short and concise updates. Definitely gonna try more ranked now.
will the Teemo of WR be implemented in LOL PC?
Would prefer clash every weekend instead of once in a blue moon.
thanks for video, very lovely to watch
I love this video, however what about Skarner?
Don’t stop doing these this is definitely better than last year communication wise
Thank you for SG Seraphine ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
yep lets make a new tier but the entire reason the ranked system was destroyed  in  the first place was  due to  increasing lp gains without doing the required  changes to the mmr so now  you play with even worse players every game and  master has  2x the amount of players it once  had before the changes, how nice to get a new color in between plat  and dia to make people feel better for being bad i guess. it  doesnt fix the problem
FINALLY PROMISING RANKED CHANGES
Removing promos between divisions its good but removing it between ranks makes no sense even if they can be really painful sometimes. It removes the idea that youre advancing or achieving something. It kinda kills the grind
as a league player since season 1 , i would like to see league of legends classic. this game is becoming like runescape after updates.
Did they release an update for the 2v2v2v2 map?
i just want them to release naafiri man (would love to see other characters already in the lore like xolaani too)
TFT The​Best​
bring back tree line
the asu timeline feels bad, i sincerely think you guys should prioritize updating older champs and bringing them up to date first at the expense of less new champions, id be perfectly fine with that. at the rate you guys are going,it rly feels like certain champs wont get updated until 2035😭😭
No cgu Pool.
Can you guys remove bots and the abuse of smurfs ?? Thanks !
the left dude reminds me of that smart guy in breaking bad that replaced jesse in cooking meth
Riot you've done wonders! No one will have to suffer in promo games anymore
so wild rift was the test rat for lol ranked. Oh nooo
Any news on the MMO?  Last year we said there would be updates and it's been bonechillingly quiet.
WHY MAKE CLASH MONTHLY, THIS IS SO ANNOYING JUST MAKE IT EVERY WEEK. THESE PEOPLE ARE SO BAD AT LISTENING TO THIER PLAYERS
Riot sucz , and  the team is bag of brown candy`s ..the game has more bugs and unrealistically strong characters than any sense after every update .. <<<<<Fools>>>>> Not to mention how messed up your auto selection system is.. U Freakz
After all these years Riot never ceases to meet my expectations with a few words... "We added a new rank tier" And Riot never ceases to disappoint me every single time "No more promos".  So it's like challenger season 3 now yay.
I still truly believe Teamranked was superior in every way
leagues BIGGEST budget EVER!! no more token events!!! 6 months in and its looking like business as usual
Its almost like nobody saw the rank inflation coming.
"So we're concerned with the fact most of the player base is below gold 4 and we don't think that's an accurate portrail of individual skills. So what are we gonna do about that? Add a new rank between PLAT and DIAMOND called emerald!"  W U T
Great dev update! Always a pleasure to can see the advances in LoL
Maybe stop.forcing 50% winrate?
Shaco needs a VGU 😢
I wish Emerald was more clear that it's not plat. Like, just seeing those ranked wings, you'd say that's plat...
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH??!! WNJSSKSMSBSJDKROWKDVSKOAKXNFBDJSKS SANIRAAAAAAA AAND TALIAY GETTING AKINSSzzzzz
JANNA ASU NEXT PLEASE!
what why are you making clashes monthly, so we get 12 clashes every year!??!
how do they manage to say basically nothing every time they upload one of these
I feel good about this video. That rarely happens
These dev updates are so good. Keep it up Riot
Changing clash to monthly from biweekly is the worst thing you can do for the health of my group. We are all adults, with significant others, and plans on weekends. I'm not going to change my weekend plans to play clash. Could you imagine how that conversation would go? "Sorry honey, I can't go to your family BBQ, I have clash this weekend."
where is mmo
Blue essence emporium out when
emerald? like wild rift?
Can you make lethality, armor pen again what’s the point of ignoring armor when they have 100+ on a squishy
If we aren’t doing promos why not just go back to an ELO system since it’s just a linear progression anyways   Get rid of ranks
Where is the language chooser?
When are heca and kass models getting updated? They literally look different from their splash arts and atleast kassadin looks way better in wild rift like cmon riot
It is really interesting to see how wild rift is affecting the real league. Say hello to emerald rank
WE WANT MMO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WE WANT MMO
you are so fake :Dddd
Not even half way through the year and they’ve already delayed every vgu / asu to next year
with that ASU Timer my loved Shaco will never see one. When League dies at season 25 shaco would still has 0 lore and no ASU
Clash once a month and I gotta deal with Aram clash so I lose a clash basically? I can't understand how you consider thst the aram clash was well received,when it was released by the same time aram got updated,and everyone considered to be so bad that it got slowly reverted, and for some reason WE HAVE 5 MINUTES TO SCOUT IN ARAM (???) oh but you only have 90 seconds to roll your dices and plan your comp with your team,gl with that🤓
I will miss promos.
what would happen if i just sit at d1 promo and wait for the update? will i just be placed masters
Orianna has new abilities icons ! (unless they're live and I never saw them ?)
GIVE US BACK THE ABILITY TO HONOR ENEMIES PLEAAASE
I just want shorter alternative gamemodes for when i don't have the time for a summoners rift or aram, maybe like overwatch's arcade modes that rotate every so often.
Of all champs to get an ultimate you pick Samira???
Why is Senma coming later 🥺
Yeah adding emerald as a tier is a joke. Makes 0 sense
Idk, promos could have been painful, but they gave me a gratification for every single division i earned. its like a pieace of league's soul going away from me
Brightmoons smile is nightmareish
Last Mythic Themeatic were all men, will this one be all women?
couldn't you find someone else to explain things rather than this Meddler guy? it's like he has two tongues in that mouth of his.
Cool. Assassin Mythics variety when?   Mythics don't need to "reinvent the wheel", just be different from the other options. All 3 of them have the same build path since Eclipse changes. Sad that Riot "don't know how to balance their game" and they are either too broken and dominates even in other classes or too bad and even assassins build bruiser items instead. Nonetheless, variety is lacking here.
I don't understand how adding a new Rank will change the skewness of the players overall?  How exactly ranking works? If we get 100LP we rank up. But gaining that 100LP has nothing to do with how many ranks there are and how many players in a particular rank are. If Emerald is randomly added between Plat and Diamond how those that pull the skewness of players from Bronze Silver heavy to a more balanced distribution? If a player is not good enough to get the LP to get out of Bronze Silver, than that player will stay in Bronze Silver. Adding Emerald changes what here?
Why Emerald over the other gems?
Love the dev updates but rank achievement is becoming easier and easier makes it less desirable. When everyone can be gold/plat gold/plat don’t matter.
What about the gap between mmr and gains that was made by rising up lp gains? You legit now get more rewarded for playing a lot, a not rewarded for playing and performing well, when it comes to climbing.
IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THE STAR GUARDIANS OMG
As anivia mains we need better animations on the champ
xD teemo and lee sin ASU not till middle of 2024 REALLY? why does it take so long for Asu and VGUs it takes years for skarner  to get any news mean while we get like 4 new Champs a year you would think it would be easier  to do updates for old champions  first then make new champions
No promos, finally.
so u basically kill clash? now we have it 2 times a month, but you say the rewards will be better? I mean ye sure, but will they be better than 2 times a month? No
if that ranked change really happens, i really quit league, make no sense no having promos, there's enough people boosted in higher elos, for example platinum and diamond is already hard enough to climb but for real this thing can really kill the game ranked system
I love it when you brought back the prestige list. Thanks for listening to the players!
lol is the only game that you dont begain from silver, than go to up or down. most players stack there in silver becouse there is no equilibre at all, agames vs smurfs and a games vs noobs!! why not just do normal thinks and evrry one begain in iron!! am wondring if the one who craet this systeme wase thinking!! can same one inser?
What about the broken LP gains and loses?
Dora nerdesin
FINALLY the clash rewards making more sense if you lose round 1! Sucked so bad to only lose round 1 to the best team that ends up winning it all, but getting 5th place and no worthy rewards whatsoever!  Great updates, very nice to hear more about what's coming, but also about the reasoning behind decisions.
No background music...
No more promos 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Delete Teemo
Yes making game so easy that even R ppl can play it...
Thanks for the updates, love it as usual!
Yet no update on the Essence Emporium events...
I still have Tha feeling that still nothing happens in league since the last half jear and the bad cinematic trailer. Nothing happens and everything is so slow in developing. Not even an real event or anything
Still no south Asian servers for wildrift
we want simple champions that r easy to understand. not an eassy length description for each abilities
Honestly I hate the fact Clash is weekly. As I work weekends. Wish it was through the week. I totally understand its between certain times, but still wish there would be more not less.
Emerald tier very interesting
Still snoozing on essence emporium
Why league of legends not launching in India 😢
Hope you give more focus here in Philippine to many cheaters
Gimme Twisted Treeline Clash as a throwback event!
i just want to know what you want to against the bunch of trolls and afk in every ranked game??? ranked is not playable right now!!!
I wanna see tft clash
Ranked Matchmaking... put me in a Team with the same IQ as me and i will play more. Not the "Elo" System. thanks.
we want league of legend game like animation connected movies in all languages English, Japanese and hindi dubbed give me reply faster than faster yes or no
not really much going on this time... still no game mode, decent events, no rework, no asu/vgu. As a community we are still hanging on the promises they made on January, but still nothing is in sight. sad and disappointing
Wow today (Thursday, May 25th) is such a nice day.  It’s nice knowing that nothing has jeopardized their ability to post an update video on any given Thursday.  If anything did happen I am sure they’d reference it….
Riot games really the only people thinking we care or need a teemo update
Dale manga de forros
Emerald is not a metal, it is a gemstone.
no promos thing is great, now either REMOVE iron all together or make it so ppl can't demote to iron from bronze. Is extremely discouraging having a bad queue day and going from bronze 1 to iron i...
Dislike button over here
Please fire them riot LEAGUE BECOMING WORSE AND WORSE
at this VGU rate, zilean will die of old lol i'd rather old champs get their deserved rework than get new champs
So once again nothing... We have to wait tell the next video about nothing then 2 years from now we get a new game mod...
So glad you covered the promised "toplane satisfaction" lmao.
Where is Naafiri
They changed the icons for the abilities for Ori, thank god
More champions pls
These changes are bad for the game. Ranked issues are not being addressed.
Emerald rank might actually bring me back to league. The degeneracy is at all time high rn I might relapse brothers
SAMIRA YES YES YES YES
Promos are good content, keep em
Star guardian Gwen! When?! Please!
ADD RANKED IN ARAM!
Thank god for no promos but can they fix mmr why am I being punished for climbing
ASUs>>>>>new champs, there are enough champs, we need to update the old ones
Yeah totally. add more ranks into the game so people want to grind more. Feels totally not deceptive at all. Remember folks. this is league we are talking about. Every change makes the game more vomitingly horrifying and toxic and not less. Mark my words. This time next year you will wish that you sat down and climbed before the ranked changes.
But what about star guardian gwen😢😢😢
we want URF
Simply no need to remove promos and just remove the stupid decaying of LP for inactive . Like someone who played enough to reach his desired rank should be dropped of their rank but instead keep advancing or dropping depending on his performance in matches.
The biggest issue this game got is allowing players to have multible accounts. Make every account bound to your phonenumber. Smurfs and alt accounts are a plaque, they are in nearly every single game atm. There is not one single reason to allow multible accounts in this game. It drives players away from the game, you already have a limited influence in the game as 1 of 10 players but having smurfs and alts in the game makes it even less.
ngl i like new changes to ranked
F Skarner am i right?
More wildrift system on pc more forgot how wildrift is😂
i an so close to diamons and you are going to put another rank between it? which is emerald, like prestige platinum. ty so much for making y league clime even worst for the low rank people to feel better or something like that.
ADD THE LOSS MITIGATION SHIELD FROM WILD RIFT, OMG, LIKE, it literally rewards you for playing good and trying your best, that way LESS people will troll and feed on purpose and will actually focus on performing good, like why on earth isn't this thing in the game? They are literally copy pasting everything from wild rift BUT this which would be the best thing to implement on the PC version... god im so annnoyed.
he said "non summs rift clashes" not "aram clashes" so does that mean aram clashes along side clash for other maps?? like maybe Nexus Blitz Clash????????
ASHEN ASSASSIN ZED PLSSSS !!!!!!  Or at least Blood Moon 🙄😅
Where’s nida and varus reworks?
Please just update Cho'Gath and all older champions.. my god...
You will fix a series of losses in 10+ matches, and not add a new rank. Why add another rank? To further hack player selection?
Fix Smurf Queue and match making. I'm not smurfing, but I'm against a bunch of fresh level 30 accounts who instantly rage quit because it's not their account. Also I have to verses Plat 1 players to get into plat. My friend had to play D1 players to get into Diamond. Doesn't make much sense
Its almost like we are going back to the ELO system completely just with fancy borders
Wild Rift is - yet again - few steps ahead of PC League. Honestly you gotta be amazed how many design decisions PC LoL is taking from WR.
I'm pretty frustrated with a lot of the current state of League, both in and out of game, but I really appreciate these Dev Updates even if/when the updates feel sparse or not what I'd personally like to hear. There is a LOT of value in just feeling like there's an attempt at communication and being able to give feedback, thank you for that - and PLEASE continue to do these or something similar even if/when you start getting blowback. Not always easy, but from my perspective incredibly necessary and valuable! Thx Rito
Lee and Teemo getting VGUs before Cho and Malphite is wild
Can yall make emerald look leeks like platinum? I literally cant tell the difference
ADD THE FREAKING SHIELD FROM WILD RIFT, THE ONE WHICH MITIGATES LOSSES BASED ON HOW GOOD YOU PERFORM ON YOUR CHAMPION, MY GOD, HOW HARD IS IT TO ADD THAT. Why are we constantly getting punished by the trolls and ragequitters in our games?! For those who don't know, you get a shield in Wild rift depending how good you perform on that champion based on everyone who has and does play that champion, ofc if you do bad, you don't get a shield, but essentially you are rewarded for not trolling or feeding on purpose, you are actually unrionically rewarded with loss mitigations by doing your best in the game. For gods sake, i don't understand how this thing is still not implemented in the PC version.
Common Riot L, ranked changes were the only good thing coming from this.
they forgot the background music
Guys they forgot Gragas and Zilean
Please bring back dominion.  Maybe it could be added to the extra game mode rotation?
rework shyvana already wtf.
sort your servers out everytime i get close to a enemy hugeeee lag spike wtf?? never had that before
can we not always have clash at the same time?
So game modes?
bro im glad these new changes are coming but if it takes as long to make an ASU as to make a whole new game something is wrong lmao
No promos, brilliant, however..  No amount of explanation can convince me that ASUs should take THIS long. The thought that I'll be wellll into my late 30s by the time any of my long awaited ASUs will come to the rift is absolutely absurd for a company as big as Riot.  This needs sorting out ASAP. Triple A games, albeit of varying qualities are made in shorter time frames than some of these ASUs.
I'll be honest, remember when Skarner was the focus of the ASU?
6:00 Where is that rapid fire Q&A video you spoke off?
league has taken a clear backseat for riot for a while now
BRING back OLD AATROX pleaseeee!!
Pls add back all chats its boring no communication
still no aphelios ultimate or legendary
So no modes anytime soon.
So the solution to everyone being silver and below cause they can't be arsed to learn the basics about the game is , add a new rank on the high end tiers. Like how hard can it be to create a tutorial about wave managing and  taking advantage of the enemy's abilities/summoner spells being on cooldown? Won't that fix the "cluster" since people will start to improve if they put some effort into it ?
Thank you for the updates, take your time with ASUs and VGUs but please don't let new champions get in the way of that PLEASE, ASUs and VGUs are MORE IMPORTANT than new champions! New champions are not new content!
"Some people think clash is the best gamemode." Also Riot, "we are going to make it only once a month rather than bi weekly." WTF. Me and wife are pissed everytime we have IRL interferances with clash considering we can only play it twice every two weeks. Also did not address the very clear smurfs in clash. (LVL 50 and lower with very little mastery playing a champion they have no mastery in flawlessly, aka you cant ban against it, the point of the gamemode). Make clash every weekend. Those who like it will play it 3/4 weekends a month. I do agree with the making people want to stick around whole tourney.
Hmmm... Looks like they're not reading any scripts. It shows how passionate they are with the game... hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
just give us ranked aram ffs, the matchmaking for aram is the most horrendous in any game i've ever seen
I hit plat promo several times. I won every game from G4 to G1 promo and then lost every promo game three times over with horrendous teams. Removing promos is huge.
you people need an entire year to update the visuals of one character?
game is dying.. riot doesnt care.
i see 2 clowns that barely can do their work
Osea que no tiene nuevo y siguen trabajando en lo mismo, perdon re trabajando por que son todas cosas ya echas
Just go back to the old MMR system at this point, because nothign in ranked matters anymore. Divisions? Useless! Promos? Gone! Bo5 to Bo3? Just why? Just call it MMR system and when you reached certain amount of points you sit in whatever. Less headache for most players and also the Devs to "come up with ideas". Ranked games dont need inovation. They need stability. And currently there is none when it changes every season. Getting easier for Plebs to reach their desired rank because no restrictions anymore aka. just bring back old MMR system and you have balance.
say something about African servers ffs
why not just combined solo and flex
Give ranked aram already. Or a complete visual overhaul
When does 2v2v2v2 hit pbe??
I would like to know how many people actually work on the updates to Teemo and Lee Sin. This is one of the richest gaming brand there is and we still need 2+ years for something so small?
Why is Emerald in between Platinum and Diamond instead of in between Silver and Gold or Gold and Platinum? The Ranked Distribution doesn't look right.
Remember in 2018 when we only got like 3 new champions (Kai'sa, Pyke, Neeko) but got 6 VU/VGUs (Nunu, Ezreal, Akali, Swain, Irelia, Aatrox)? I don't know if Riot does.
bring back club and club tags
Is this an late  April's Fool joke?
Dev updates are cool  VGUs taking soooo long is less cool
bro they are so slow at making updates wtf is going on on this HQ lmao
So everything we knew for like 4 Weeks regarding to theyr Comments on Reddit and Youtube who collected it for Daily Videos, is now just spoken out in a Video and nothing new. Nice ! Well, shouldn't expected something else to be honest.
O pobre do zilean esperando rework a 80 anos
What if we just would get the frigging MMR reflect our rank?  You think promos mean that you don't want to play? How about 50-100 games being silver in gold games to "climb back to your previous rank"?
A new tier emerald sounds intresting BUT THANK GOD NO PROMOS just curious is demotions are stilla thing with protection before getting demoted
adding asc to league lol
Wait I don’t understand their logic in the first part,there are too many player below gold and they want to distribuite this player on more ranks,so they add a new rank between platinum and diamond ? What 😂
Noticed lately that they've been copying from wild rift. First, role swap from WR was added, then buff sharing and now emerald rank and no promos!
Another year just to do a champion ASU? Feels a bit crazy to me. Maybe consider putting more resources into that instead of new champs. We have enough of those already. So many champs would feel like new ones with an ASU
People don’t climb because of MMR.  Fix MMR and you will fix ranked
I think that a good change to promos is put a player in his promos with winner's queue and put his enemies too, that should make it feel more comfortable and they can only blame themselves for doing bad plays or even be the one that did good plays, the only problem might be a winner's queue member inting or something like that but that's probably very rare, so this should not eliminate the frustration completely but atleast reduce it.  but removing it is better :)
GIVE ME SKARNER
Return transfers to SEA servers
Noooooooooooo. Don't remove ranks to new tiers! The way it is it's fine, Leave it like that. Please, these promo r exciting.
Bring back smurf queue. The new emerald tier wont change anything it will only make it worse because its gonna take even longer to find games. Also jeremy pls dont smile so much it reminds me of my teammates when they troll games and type :) constantly
bruh at this pace this is taking forever...
I wish Janna, Nami, Sona, and Lulu receives visual updates as well😢.
These ranked changes are going to inflate lower ranks giga hard. and ex dia people will probably terrorize emerald rank, because they got big ego
Why doesn't this dev open with "What's up guys this is me Jeremy" very disappointing
BRING BACK TWISTED TREELINE PLS
What about SG Gwen tho? Q_Q
Please do the ASU for Malphite, he has a new look in EVERY OTHER LOL RELATED GAMES, why not league???
NAAFIRIIII
You are happy with the ranked system? That's funny.
These updates are amazing, thank you so much
Emerald? Pftttt Wildrift 2.0
how about you replace engagement optimized matchmaking with a system that works? And remove individual performance metrics from team balancing?
I totally thought he was going to say twisted treeline clash...
Wooden league would make much more sense
can u guys unban me? im reformed i swear :( its been like  4 years or something
genuinely sounds nice
Can u please add an honor xp system so we can track our progress !!!
I kinda find it weird for VGU and ASU to be taking so long tbh. With like 4 500 employees and a good chunk working in league it feels like not much work is actually put INTO the characters.
What about smurfs in Clash?
As always - you miss the mark of what really needs to be done about Clash. Here is why:   - Why don't you fix the ridiculous fact that in order to play Clash you need to register with your number. It makes absolutely no sense at all - if it did, you should apply this to ranked games as well. Just remove this requirement for god's sake.  - Do something about the horrible and ineffective clash match-making. Unless you are a team of five players, the experience and process of getting into a team is completely busted. The list that displays supposedly available teams is always full of people/teams that are offline, and so is it virtually impossible to join a team and experience Clash unless you are a five-man squad. You need to fix it so that the list of available teams ONLY display online and active players who are willing to play.  Thanks.
Bring Twisted Treeline back
I really appreciate these video's <3
When is LeBlanc is going to get a visual update? It feels quite needed and her AA animation is just horrible. The LeBlanc mains are begging for this.
Please, give me text form. I cant listen to this guys
If your adding another rank and removing promotions entirely, please remove the inability to go below 0 LP from your current division, right now for example, your are gold 2 with 4 LP and if u lose u go to 0, you should go to the below rank and also get the rest pf the LP taken out so the climbing and grind are more consistent, thank you.
Pls give anivia asu plssss ANIVIA
promos are finally going to be gone? I think i might finally picked ranked back up TT-TT
Please address the Universe page and league's overall lore. What will become of it? Why haven´t we gotten new non champion release related stories? I really miss getting new stories :(
WHERE IS LULU'S ASU?!!?
Dude I am so tired of new champs getting legends and mythics for their first year. When is my boy Alistair getting some legends or even a lore update?
Just like Wildrift
Please more focus on VGU's it's taking way too long for such a company!
PLZ I NEED TO SEE NAAFIRI I CANT DO THIS ANYMORE
So... No more promos? If this will released two months ago when I lose 3 platinum promos!!!! Maybe I will be happy :c
for the ppl once again crying over the asu situation: they're NOT financially lucrative. that's why new champs will always be prioritized. thanks.
Thanks so much for doing these Dev Updates regularly now. Its just nice to hear what you're working on and that you're caring about the community
Tbh I wish there were only 3 divisions per rank, not 4. Would probably make things much better when it comes to grinding.
give back master ability to duo
How it is possible for a company the size of rito have so few changes in the year, hiw it is possible for them to get slower and slower as time goes, wtf?
Not a fan of a new division, and teemos voice lines are too iconic 😢
Honestly, really like these upcoming changes. Everything sounds pretty good.
I WANT NAAFIRI! NOW!
Still waiting for them to take a not even once policy on intentionally feeding.  Ban accounts permanently from ranked que, if it can be proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that a player intentionally ruined a game. Like the orn that followed me for 27 minutes stealing my jungle camps spamming flame all game. It’s simple they don’t belong in a competitive game and can go back to customs.
Still love these videos but you forgot the links in the video description <__<'
wildrift dev > lol dev boorrrinnggg
Team, please focus more on ASU and VGU of already existing champions rather than working on multiple new champs in a year. One new champ in a year will be absolutely fine for us. We are more interested in updating the outdated existing champs. Thank you 🤝
because your uselss mm and mrr system is so rigged and you dont ban smurf/bought accounts  and griefers lmao
just remove teemo man, there is no point for him to exist, his kit makes no sense, there is no gampley only annoyance
How has an ASU already been started on and it’s going to take more than a year until release?
ARAM CLASH LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Wtf are your 4500 employees doing 8 hours a day for you not to be able to release two (2) visual rework this year ? Are they all just playing tft all day ?
Just make Dante as samira
Samira can choke 😍🤩🥰
Hey guys speaking of the lee sin neck memes guys I think we should maybe look at mr Vladimir who has not been touched in 47 years and his silly hands aren’t even connected to his body 🤪
no more promos
I still dont like the lp system. How do i lose 28 lp and only gain 20 lp. At least make it even.
Love the Dev Updates!
Idk why but bfightmoon is such a cutie
HOW MANY TIMES NEED PLAYERS TO ASK YOU TO GIVE BACK OLD ASPECT OF RANKED DIVISIONS, STOP SNOW FLAKING THE GAME
Don't more delay 2024->2025
good links bro
Aram ranked when? Not Aram clash. Aram Ranked.  A draft in ARAM could be achieved by locking 3 players from each team after a while and revealing the locked players, so that the last 2 players can from each team can choose to swap their champions knowing at least 3 enemy champions.
skarner? cho?
I don't know when, but Riot better plan some year to put some HEAVY focus on ASU's and VGU's. At these pace, lol will end before the following list come close to be updated: cof cof Amumu, Anivia, Vladmir, Shaco, Gragas, Lulu, Jax, Janna, Shyvanna, Tryndamere, Blitzcrank, Vayne, Nocturne, Quinn, Rammus, Zyra, Veigar, LeBlanc, Ashe, Garen, Kassadin, Rumble, Malzahar, Singed, Brand, Cogmaw, Chogath, Sona, Jarvan, Leona, Xerath, Wukong, Malphite, Orianna, Varus, Katarina, Master Yi, Corki, Xin Zhao, Annie, Olaf, LUX, Kennen, Nidalee, and Zilean.... ZILEAAAN!!!  I mean, launching some kind of visual update every half year will take only... 23 years to accomplish it................... after 2024... it will be finished around 2048.  This is just BROKEN. ps: Still loving this update format! <3
I genuinely love these kind of updates. Fantastic Work
I suggest to stop adding new champs and focus more on new content. Its already hard enough for new players and without content the old players wont enjoy League, additionally there many champs in dire need of an ASU, so giving them more attention would feel right.
No date for Jax's ASU, sadge.
Promos being removed 🎉🎉🎉
Sorry, I'm out until you update us with some competent people joining the balance team ✌️
Where. Is. the 2v2 mode?
I can finally hope to promote to dia without sacrificing a newborn baby just so I can have a normal team in my promo games!
teemos lore is basically hes the john wick of yordles whos always smiling and lovingg and loves challenges im glad theyre changing it
Begging y'all to port Star Guardian Gwen to pc League, please!
Azir legendary when
Do you plan to add links to the topics you spoke about or not?
Can someone finally fire this Jeremy
No promos = Finally ill enjoy ranking my smurfs to Masters LOL
THANK GOD NO MORE PROMOS
Where is the emporium essence?
Do not touch teemo voice
Just here to drop positive affirmation that regular dev updates are welcome and encouraged!
Can u delete this trash game to help peoples mental state
fix client
There's gonna be so many gold/plat players in Diamond nowadays lool first removing division promos now entirely remove promos is crazy
Pls, don t remove weakly clash, i already want to play more clash. When clash monthly isn t a good change.
Common need to hear about Arcane season 2!!
Project Zeri when?
NO MORE PROMOS YESSSSS!!!!!
Suggestion, your links aren’t pinned in the description lol
I still don't feel that *biggest budget in league history* thing
Would you like to rework the majority of AP items ? They lack of value compared to AD and Support items.
when is esence emporium
Samira? Really? Not an actual older champion?
most punchable faces.
No more promos, good Emerald rank: mmmh not good, iron rank’s vibes  only one thing: REMOVE THE ANTI RETROCESSION SHIELD, THE MOST USELESS MECHANICS THAT LOWER THE MMR DRILLINGLY. PLEASE RIOT OPEN THE EYES, THE ANTI RETROCESSING SHIELD IS ONE OF THE THINGS THAT LOCK SOME ACCOUNTS IN SILVER
Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine Seraphine ❤
BRING BACK DUO PLEASEEEE
Not a fan of the New Emerald Rank, this basicly just screams Platinum+ to me... (Basicly 8 Divisions of Platin before hitting Diamond...) Also im not quite sure if you still get the Demotion Safeguard if you are at 0 LP between 2 Ranks, since they want to get rid of Promos. (If this still is the case than its a good Change.)  Overall its quite an disapointing Update, no news for the Gamemod or the upcomeing Skarner and Jax Changes. (Not even a new Hint for the new Champ.)
Finally
Bring back ONE FOR ALL!!!!
ONE FOR ALL!!!!!!!!!
Zilean visual update when ?
Yo you guys didn't replace the links in the description
Yay 2 concept arts from half a year ago
Can we fix Smurf queue for returning players? It’s super toxic and people are quitting before coming back
No Ziggs :(((
It's good that you understood the power of simplicity and more natural Dev Update, thank you for that.
tha real question is, u calling ÁS aka me for worlds song, finally ( ? )
smile more Jeremy. ❤
wow ANOTHER girl champion gets an ultimate Riot Games really are the biggest SIMPS ever realtalk
Announce new game mode where we can play champions before reworks
Lol emerald rank is gonna be viewed by Diamond+ players as “hardstuck Platinum player that got a lucky win streak”
This Jeremy is gae af
Gargas mains still waitin
theres no links on the description
I don’t know what happened to Riot, 1st they had to cut champ release to bring events back, and to have to take soo long for champs reworks (Udyr,skarner), and finally these ASU’s takes soo long, there was a time when they were doing all of it simultaneously and faster, you would think with the advancement of tools and technology and with their experience they should be faster and it should cost less so the only explanation i have is league barely has employees working on it, most of them either work on other riot games or left, and Riot is ok with that.
Yoooo I need her number
Where are the links in description?
aram clash is good ? pls give us an aram ranked mode.
being silver vs challenger  in clash isnt fair. Make more tiers that are actually  fair
No promos from d1 to masters?
Well, Emerald is existed long time ago (in WR though) but i knew they gonna add new rank in PC.
I appreciate them doing ASU’s but more than a year to wait for the Teemo one? C’mon bruh
LETS GOOOO NO MORE PROMOS
Aighsidbfkdbab emerald rank 🤮
If only it vas a Cho gath ASU it would have been perfect.
whit the remove of promos pls remove demote protection shilds after promotions couse loses on 0lp just kills the mmr.
we need gnar
The problem with gold is that u can go below gold easily, but it's very hard to go up, because u are getting bad teammates and if you loose some games, u are in loosers que and some people just don't care and say : IDC this is not my account.
Man this format is just simple, no flashy stuff. Just devs communicating! PERFECT
Are sea transfer happening or you just lie
Please work on wild rift to🎉
Will the aram clashes require players to play ranked first before?
the devs lowkey roast our ranks that is why they are updating rank games.
Hello Riot, I have a little question. now that promos are gone do you demote instantly or are u still protected ? because I think demoting is more frustrating than loosing promos
Thank you for the update! Would love if you could insert the links in the description box, so we can watch the Q&A. :)
Hi team, is there any update about Blue Essence Emporium this summer?
Love the Dev Updates! ❤
Witch patch is naafiri coming out?
nice links in the description kekw
And what about transfers? I feel like a very important topic is being very neglected here!
I am still hoping for a total mmr reset, maybe that day wont come, but im hoping for it
still waiting on shyvana and 2v2v2v2
Whats the point adding Emeral rank? I don't get it...
bra wtf are those asu dates.
I hope they have something exciting planned for the tabled reset or at least a cinematic
what about gragas asu
When is secret agent miss fortune going to be released again?!
Pls put in the links, especially the feedback form Meddler is mentioning! @League of Legends
Omg im so glad the clash changes are coming, pretty much tackled exactly my problems with clash so far.
Skaner just dieing and rottening in the depth of the void right now
GIVE US RANKED ARAM!!!!!
just fix ur mmr system..
what gonna happen to smurfs that skip promo like me
bro where is my trynda update
what happen with varus?????
Me and most of us I'd say would agree that asus need more priority, lot of ugly old champs that need an update badly, some to visuals and some to voice lines and visuals.
Bruv, WHERE NAAFIRI?
Ranked this season has been unbearable, so I am glad for these changes. I hope they work...
Many players are silver and below. So we added a rank between Plat and diamond....Wut?
Best way to communicate News & Updates!   Do really appriciate it!
and skarner?
But where is the shyvana rework?
Lazy devs
Indie company
So Jax won’t get an ASU till 2025 and possibly 2 ASU max per year,and since AT LEAST (i only counted the ones that practically every agrees need a VGU/ASU) 31 champions need visual reworks,basic math (not even counting possible delays and counting all of these as ASU,VGU take even longer) shows that just these champions with these restrictions would take at least 15 years,and then all the other champions that need ASU/would need ASU by then…this is just embarrassing Riot,do you guys really want to be in 2040+,as a multi-billion dollar company,with champions of yours with pizza feet? Bruh…
it take u guys 10+ years to realised promos just a screwed up thing
TEEMO ASU TEEMO ASU TEEMO ASU ASJIDOASJDKJADOIKAWJOKASJMDKOADS LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
urf :c
still waiting for new model Leona and Sona
1:48 Brightmoon excited about promos getting removed acting like hes ever gonna climb out of bronze
Solid Clash changes, it's about time lol
when he said next time u hear from us. when is that ? next year. riot is the new blizzard ??? HUHHHH riddle me this
waiting for u guys to fix the client and do something about elo inflation......
I always hope for Nexus Blitz updates when these come out.  I'll be back for the next one....
finally no promos its so annoying was hoping to be removed from now
Love these. We love the transparency and this style of vidoc feels genuine, which is nice
Ah yes less Clash. Thats for sure what the ppl want
Keep up the good work!
If there's too many people in silver or lower, maybe adjust LP gains so we're not getting +19/-30???
Bi-weekly clash is actually good already... more players go online when there's CLASH.
Ya ranked is dead.
When will be pve events again? :( Odissey and doom bots
Where is the promised info on the blue essence emporium Riot?
Nah this is bad 💀
Please name the new division Sapphire instead of Emerald, sounds way cooler
league is just becoming PC wildrift instead of the inverse
So is my boy cho'gath going to get an visual rework soon? Or is he gonna be the second skarner
Where tf is Nexus Blitz that was promised to return 😡
Pls More clash Aram xD or Make it weekly  It’s sooooo much fun.  It has the highest chance in my opinion to bring hardcore soloq grinders and Aram players together
rrenekton is unplayable now
I just want to take a second to realise what a great and big change was the development of this dev videos, my god im so happpy!!
bring smurf q back ffs its so annoying to have a toxic smurf deciding the game every 2 games
Wait so is naafiri coming out like within this week or something?
yes remove promos to elo inflate these hardstuck plat losers into masters some more. I love having a last season plat 3 in my master games. woohoo! thanks riot!
Can u put Emerald between Diamond and Master instead? Emeralds are more valuable than Diamonds technically xd
Where is the dev blog for ranked? I cant seem to find it
When lol following wild rift
very straight forward video good
Great news, but I wonder what happened to the lore, the big events. Las one was ruination 2 years ago
boring trash changes literly useless instead of making the game fun or fixing the rank thy keep adding trash stuff Update: oh they update 1 champion a year remeber when legue used to add champion every 2 weeks
Nice to see Riot trying to fix competetive. But what about all the casuals? We need some fun modes back like Dominion, in which you don't have to sweat, because these days even a Normal feels like a Ranked with all those tryhards! 😅
Why are asus taking so long
Why not just add another iron tier at the bottom like copper? Since that's basically  where everyone is
For once, changes that I'm at least 80% happy with. Good work!
Why would clash be monthly???
Basically wild rift updates transferred to Pc
Change SG Seraphine splashart please
we need k'sante hot fix after what dudu did
You guys separating solo's from duo's when?
best believe that 2024 is gonna be pushed to 2025 haha. Dont get your hopes up
I am happy with all of this lets goo
Thx !
you guys should change the gaining / losing LP system, and leave it just like +25 and -25
time waste of a video ty
So they're doing a Wild Rift route for some of the future LoL update. Not a bad idea.
trying this accountability thing bcos of that trash 2023 cinematic just go home.
where is tf naafiri
Главное чтобы иблачер в алмаз не апался
"Too many people are in silver elo, so we're adding a rank between plat and diamond" what??? Lmao
gg
Kinda dissapointing teemo and lee sin's asus aren't coming out this year, because we're already halfway through the year and the only meaningful content we've gotten is millio. Thank god for this 2v2v2v2  game mode AND Nafirri coming out hopefully soon it'll be a godsend patch.
the dev updates are much appreciated
Can someone explain the logic of  "Most players are silver and below, with only a small portion of the playerbase above gold 4" means that you make a rank between plat and diamond. That quite literally doesn't make any sense at all.
hmm we still didnt hear any ranked news about 3v3 coming back, we are waiting :P
Trash company FIX UR MMR SYSTEM
What about LP Gain & Loss ?? Maybe fix the GAME first before making it more complex??? PEOPLE are GRIEFING and INTING rank games because "if you PLAY BAD> you GET BETTER PLAYERS "  ??? Everyone been complaining and making millions of tickets your response was always: "WE ARE WORKING ON IT " ; "You have to play more games " (how about 18games a day at 1mil games+ an season) ; "You have to get BETTER play better for objectives" (How about S+ RANK season performance every year) ??? All your answers are just EXCUSES NO FIXES !! NOT LISTENING TO WHAT COMPETITIVE PLAYERS ARE ASKING
So, basically the majority of League Players are bad and stuck in between Silver and Bronze, so Riot is gonna make it easier for them to Clim instead of encouraging them to improve their skills...
where are the links? am I to early?
When can we expect a Shyvana rework?
Teemo is comming next year?? I thought its comming soon thats a bit disappointing :/ Why is it even revealed 1 1/2 year before release thats way too long. Better reveal it a few months before :(
Why would anyone, ever, think it would be a good idea to remove visibility of your RANKING while playing RANKED. The whole point is to know/show off your rank as you climb - not knowing what rank your teammates are, then not knowing your own rank til after a match, is an objectively bad change...
What is that figure that's sitting on her desk at 3:08? Which champ is that???
If you are changing clash to once a month, PLEASE fix the challenges. The win bracket one is currently a ~10 year streak of not missing a clash and winning every single one to get the highest rank in it. All of the clash challenges are similarly impossible to obtain.  The dream team challenge is also completely bugged. I play clash with the same team every week and  it has only counted 2 or 3 of them.
yes why can someone gold one top 15% be in a game with a silver 4 whos in the bottom 35%
I just wish clash started like an hour or two earlier for the east coasters
Please do clash leagues 10 teams  playing each other for 2 months or something like that
Now all the players that are in silver will be in bronze instead
Okay the change where wins count instead of whether you win first round or not is very good for clash
Ranked aram?
SEA account transfers?? ITS BEEN 6 MONTHS
nice links guys.
Sounds like some good changes
Ultimate Pool Party Samira kreygasm
Until they fix the smurf issue on Clash these (admittedly nice changes) won't mean a thing.
thanks for naafiri news
Now bring back the 2019 ranked borders and the helmets. This game looks like a mobile game nowadays...
"We dont want just put a whole bunch more people into Diamond and above"  -18k master in EUW AHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH
Do something with jax
i love samira
i dont get why there is such a delay between upload and recording of the video with the minimalist editing and such
we want not so many players in bronze and silver: so we did a new rank between plat and diamond
I like emerald but lets throw ruby and sapphire in there too.
YAY NO MORE PROMOS !!!
clash change from biweekly to monthly is honestly incredibly dissapointing, me and my friends are all in college, not only that but we also have work to do on allot of our weekends, sad to see our chances of playing clash are going to deminish because of this :C
they add emerald rank just like wild rift  no more promos like wr too is this league becoming easier? they might just add after a while the ice drake that was just added to wild rift and might even see ranked protection and even changes of lp systems
been playing since s2, never had a worst time playing as i do today. All these updates are is a few changes that will make your experience in sr worse, then a bunch of cosmetic updates like every other riot video
you guys forgot to update the description with the links
They finally realize that we need a new rank in league of legends. Really excited to see if this will balance soloquee in a better way.
Wild rift system changes pc version ranked
where doggo? :c
SAMIRA LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Nothing more about 2v2v2v2... Nice
Can we add Stephanie to league?
Where's naafiri
Drag Queen Senna is coming to League😆
BLUE ESSENCE EMPORIUM?!
Speaking of ASU, Please properly update Shen like you are gonna do with Teemo and Lee Sin. Shen doesn't even have a proper Laugh and Base Animation. He just stands there. Riot PLS.
Wild rift content into PC. Now, we're good people?😅
Hold up, he said "so we're going to be hosting a few non-Summoner's Rift Clashes this year, starting with another ARAM Clash in August." Does this mean we finally get Twisted Treeline back ?!
Seems cool, i would like to lose the same lp as im losing per game will that also change?
My boy Skarner is still in the corner...crying...
Congrats on the ranked changes. These are really good.
A new rank wont make gold players turn into plat players all off a sudden.
Its been months since sea transfers have been open can we get information on this?
ty for those "Links" :D
I want Lees' old voice actor back!
Why reduce clash to once a month only? Just because you can’t fix the client and want to make the game crash less frequently?
We see that most of the ranks are in silver and gold, there fore we are adding a rank above platinum so that gold players and silver players can still be hardstuck
Sad to see promos go. They made it feel like the jump between divisions really mean something instead of just a normal gain in LP like any other game
Seriously. It's so hard to throw a bg track???
not liking the new tier
Where Skarner tho?
A little rework on Teemos' kit might be more satisfactory, but anyways, its nice to see a little update on it!
I find it distracting how what we were shown for lee sin and teemo was for the most part, all present in other videos already. We'd already seen half of the art we saw here.
Ayy yo, no links :)
wusste garnet, dass gwen jetzt orianna heißt
Look at these 2 cringe muskrats
Biggest budget of league entire life...what a joke u cant even make a VU for this year i call it money laudering.
I want to put it out but I’m predicting that LilyPichu might voice the new Teemo
Can someone please tell me what they are talking about?
Nice can't wait to continue not playing ranked until you fix bought accounts just throwing and inting games because there's no consequences
Ngl this is a really stinker for people that like Clash for the competition. It's good that there are less because that will improve the overall quality of each but that combined with more non-Summoners Rift Clashes means you could be in a situation where you play one SR Clash and have to wait 2 whole months for the next.... that's pretty terrible. I hope ARAM Clash and such are not part of this monthly schedule and get their own weekends inserted amongst the monthly ones
I'd honestly be fine if we only got one new champion a year if that meant speeding up the process of ASUs and VGUs
big dislike
ZzZZZzzzzzZzzZzZzzZzz
WHERE SEA TRANSFER
2v2v2v2 when???? 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Suggestion: add bans 2 or 3 for each team to make it 14 or 16 bans in 1 game. There's too many champs maybe at 160+ so it will not really hurt the tournaments and rank games that much
100 pc nuggets. god tier name.
where r the other new dev vids
Almost everyone sounds good but why tf do we need another rank division? Emerald tier? Really? Why not just add sapphire, ruby, opal tier while you're at it?
I can't believe a cheap game like mobile legends can revamp 14 heroes in a 1 update and you guys over here still talking about visual update...
Finally something we can all look forward to, thanks dev!
hey there a bug with sona that she will cast her W twice if she has smite on
MASTER PROMOS IS NO MORE A PROBLEM 😂
Men i reaaaaallyy love dis Devs updates Thanks  !!!
I cant wait for samira, it better be stylish
Adding emerald and removing promos makes me pogged out of my gourd.
when ranked 3v3?
UPDATE ON THE SEA TRANSFERS
Would love to see ""x" many ranked games are required to participate in Clash."   Annoying running into these clash teams of alts with zero information to plan against.
Bruhhh in the PH some of these plats play like effin bronze I cannot anymore
not adding a new rank between silver and gold is criminal, gold and silver are so overpopulated and they arent trying to help that at all. if you look at how many players are in each rank there is an enormous difference between the amount of players in low elo compared to high elo, so adding a new rank in high elo is not gonna impact most of the player base. and dont get me started on hardstuck silvers and how hard it is to get out of that smurf infested rank so adding  a new low elo rank would combat that too.
You ruined my life with such a rigged MMR SYSTEM
i actually like stephine she seems very real and cool
Day #1 of asking what about the new 2v2v2v2 ??
So most players are below gold 4, so you add a tier called emerald in between 2 ranks that have low player count, im confused. Pls someone explain.
WHERE IS URF???
2 years for 1 Full rework and 3 ASUs how disapointing....
1 year for ASU xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Excited for the ranked changes!
The matchmaking-system should be overhauled completely at this point. There are too many games this season where players decide to intentionally running you down, cause they think its funny... The LP system should be overhauled aswell..
Can we talk about how your client and servers has been breaking every two second lately?!
finally good ranked changes
bruh
i think this one was weakest video they released, but i guess the next one its a lot more promising
Not a word about smurf and bot plague, bad mm and inting/sorf inting.. And they are happy about ranked, let that sink in.
even more elo inflated players in masters+ yess!!!
it's all beautiful but when transfer will be available again?
Does mmr resets after the end of the first split at july 17th?
So you tell me it's been more then a year and you still can't show anything in regards of the new skarner update?
in 2030 we're gonna have 20 rank divisions lmao
fix ivern bugs my god
SENNA NOOOOOO 😭😭😭😭😭
STAR GUARDIANS
man I really love that they're doing these kind of videos more often they should replace the dev blogs with these kind of vids
I've been trying to get out of plat to diamond for so long and you're telling me now I'm gonna be even further away 😭😭😭
Wb LULU!!!!!
critical bug in practice room can u fix that RIOT ?
fix bugs, Vandiril will be greatfull for that
One of the major issues with LoL are the players. Majority are low elo, but think they deserve high elo.
"right now the majority of players is ranked in silver and below. with only a small proportion above gold 4. so we are going to change our ranks distribution." me: "they gonna finally add that wood division" Riot: "so we adding emerald between Platinum and diamond" me: "GOD DAMMIT..."
i find it weird that xayah and rakan is gonna take longer when the model dose exist in game for example in xayahs recall she is un corupt and when rakan uses his q it slowly uncorupts him aswell no i can understand the animations and visual effects and maybe voice lines but the modle as a base dose exist in the game
Great! Love it!
remove autofill you clowns, idc about promos as long as nobody is forced to play whatever random role they are assigned to
Yeh at least something about Naafiri 🙃
No promos. Sounds good, community will ruin it
where is naafiri ?
I am still waiting for Cho'gath/Malphite reworks. They are really old champions and they deserve love.
HELLO KSANTE
Thanks!
Recode the game to 2024 standarts and we talking
Dark Stars still not coming back? :(
I am so glad you haven't dropped the ball on these <3 thanks guys
SAMIRA ULTIMATE!? SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
Naafiri coming 13.13 pbe yes
Once again absolutely nothing for the lore community
yeah but why just  not remove the LP system and just have ELO displayed or what u call MMR.
Ahh yes, alot of people are between iron and silver, lets make Emerald, that is above Plat....
WHERE IS SAFELOCKED?!?! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH HER?!?!? 🤬😡😭😤
Lee Sin looks a lot better already, and Samira getting an Ultimate makes a lot of sense. New game modes are very good though.
FREAKING SAMIRA SUUUUUUUUUUUU
just a tip, PUT THE MICROPHOPONE CLOSER, I HAVE THE SPEAKERS AT 60-65& WHEN THEY ARE USUALLY AT 10% AND I CAN ABRELY STILL LISEN THE TALK  edit: ps:WE WANT NEXUS BLITZ AGAIN!!!!
Aram Clash Pog!
"outside of the rift" and the way he paused before he said clash. 2v2v2v2 clash confirmed in august dominion clash confirmed TWISTED TREELINE CLASH?
Malphite VU when?
PRESTIGE LILLIA
I absolutely HATE the removals of promo games. It just makes you Ping-pong between ranks so easily that once you finally get that rank youre going for, the best decision is to just stop playing.. Because if you lose one or two games, you just go back down...
No because somehow this simplier dev updates makes them way more exciting than the highly produced ones
Let's gooooooooooo
Seeing the thing about teemo, I hope Shaco dont get an ASU, hes okay being ugly and old model with that voice, I love his voice and dance
What about the transfers out of the SEA servers and Essence Emporium?
kind of bummed that clash is gonna be monthly if you do bad the sting lasts for a month instead of just 2 weeks to give it another go
All the links in the description are not actual links... lmao
Aurelion Sol legendary when?
Make clash available later then 8pm uk time as a lot of us dads don’t get on until later
Shaco VGU when? Also a year for a ASU?
how is no one reacting to the fact we're gonna have more  non-sr clashes? and at least with the way they said it, it's not gonna be just aram, i'm guessing nexus blitz since  the 2v2v2v2 mode is probably harder to implement since it's not just 2 teams
This video needs background music .-.
After doing 6 promos to get to plat I am very proud on this meaningless accomplishment and dislike the fact other plebs are running through it without this effort.  Remove smurfs smurf queuueueueueue
Where are the mods
ASU RIVEN WHENNNNN
Will the blue essence shop ever return?
Just stop smurfs from entering clash and everything is good :)
please, give MF an asu, she’s screaming for it
Emerald ? that have been in WIld Rift for years
So.... When will nerf Yuumi ?
love those dev updates. thank you for doing them and being more transparent. keep it up!  Edit: oh and also... i would love if you would put the links to those dev blogs in the video description so i dont have to go and search! thank you!
bruh this was nothing wtf
brah give me project L news
Wow, we aint fixing the fact that u lose 30 win 19. WP RIOT
I cant wait for to actually remove the disgustingly overpowered runesystem...
What ever u do please don't change that teemo's evil laugh haha
whare is naviri
Why does brightmoon make me mad? 😡
The description links are broken :(
How about essence emporium , when the date release?
Don't know if you realoze the Q and A video is not linked
You guys told us that the ASUs are coming this year? All three. What happened?
NO MORE PROMOS TYSM!
UPDATE ON THE SEA TRANSFERS !!?!?!?!
SAMIRA ULTIMATE LETS GOO
UPDATE ON THE SEA TRANSFERS !!?!?!?!
UPDATE ON THE SEA TRANSFERS !!?!?!?!
new game mode where? its summer already
But...but Teemo's voice is truly LEGENDARY! This makes me kind of sad, even though the rest of the update for him seems great...
Will emerald have decaying
100 pc nuggets love it
next time we hear from you all we'll have Naafiri news so same time next month, are we at least getting a teaser this month? hype for her has died drastically, you will have to show off something spectacular to raise it back up
im about to be emerald hardstuck
Why does the ASU take so long? Is that more work than adding a new champ?
How to ruin the game now we will meet silver players in diamond, gg Riot <3
another day, another slay!!!
Nothing about Lore updates :(
We need MMR amnesty. What kind of warcrime I did to gain +17 -30 in my Plat4??? I was gold 3 seasons straight, am I just too bad/good for this elo?! It makes ranked completely unplayable and frustrating.
Serial matches are so exciting, why are they leaving? (I think intermediate series should come again)
i love all the updates here but the new division emerald isnt really going to solve the problem on majority of ranked players being below gold, i personally disagree with that change, you should look into making the game more noob friendly and a bit easier to climb from ranked if you want there to be better players. this is such a bad change
Почините клиент! Мы ждём этого больше чем все реворки и легендарные скины!
Might you need to bring MMR display back.
So... When will Top lane become more useful than Mid/Bot lane?
Without promos Chilling smite can now reach platinum 🎉🎉
Anyone noticed the orianna new skill looks ?
promos are just rng so I wont miss them. hope that doesnt mean youll drop right back into silver if you lose your first gold game.
Finlay promos
Where did the passion go? You used to make more contents than this. What went down? No VGU and scarce ASU?   Seriously, what happened?
Weird how talking about H0n0r 5 and Ma1zahar sk1n not being rewarded for those who got H5 in 2022 is being hidden. Wonder why the comment without the numbers is automatically removed by YouTube.  Anyway, nice video, just wish these longstanding issues were addressed.
I am so dissapointed. I expected Teemo and Lee Sin ASU to be released this year. I am in shock with the date release being for 2024.
all the links seem to be broken ;(
ranked still has worst matchmaking in history this year
I finally hard grind and I'm about to get diamond...then I'm going to reset and have to work through emerald to get to diamond lol. The game never stops making it impossible to improve.
Now Soraka plsssss
skarner where
Yay! Another dev update full of nothing for the entire year. So much content to play...
2024 for Lee Sin and Teemo 😭😭😭 the League roster is neverrrrr going to be updated. It’s no longer a joke by the time Shaco and Zilean get updated ima be an old man 😭
need more path nerf
NO PROMMMOOOOSS
You dont have cancer btw😄
When will you allow transfers out of SEA
When India
Brand needs rework
We have a issue with too many people in bronze and silver so we're making emerald above Plat? Does that fix Bronze and silver?
Looking Pretty Nice
When is the blue essence emporium?
Testing a comment since they keep getting flagged for being hidden for no reason?
i feel wild rift is just a beta testing for LOL PC
So LS and Teemo will be in 24, so can we expect Skarner in the early 30s?
Uhm? no new champ update? wernt the new champ supose to come out after Asol
Removing promo so we can add more elo-inflated players in dia+ , gj
Can you plz fix Belveth?
Finally 2v2v2v2, been waitin for that
guess ill never hit diamond
Wait, why did you announce the Lee Sin and Teemo asu's so early when they are comming out next year?
I hate when play lose one combat and goes afk  like wtf are your parent getting a divorce
League of Legends is dead.
I was expecting a lot more...
We need ARAM ranked games 😢
Where's my dang PACK MONSTER!!! AHHHH (Nice changes though I approve)
YES OFFICER THESE TWO! THEYRE THE PAYCHECK THIEVES!
4:08 her voice is unbearable
Menuda mrd de anivia victoriosa
RIOOOOOOOTTT😡😡😡😡😡
Could you guys update Shens voice? When you guys did his rework, his voice lines stayed the same even though Jhin was in the game....
4:17 new Orianna spell icons SHE ATE
Omg ill finally be able to get high elo with the addition of these ranked changes!!! No more promos!!!
no ee new?
Guess the Old man is still gonna be T-Posing trough the Rift.
Hope for an enchanter in the Crystal Motus skinline.
yeah no naafiri again.
Nah I don't like clash being ONLY monthly
TALIYAH MYTHIC?!?!?!? TALIYAH MYTHIC!!!!!
2023 no ASU
lmao this game is on life support
where are links
Where Project L?
These ranked changes actually might make me play ranked for once. Although I appreciate the replies for proving why I I don't bother. Most people who bother interacting with these videos only do so for negativity.
So no news about gamemodes, ee and new champion but hey new ultimate and ranked cool. Worthless
Where is Dark Star Aatrox VS Cosmic Defender Pantheon? Wake up, RIOT
Hopefully the Lee-sin dragon ASU  doesnt drag-on like the skarner rework
That's all? What a disappointment, I wanted some real news here, they only said things we already knew.
TALIYAH & ASHE MENTIONED, WE WIN GUYS
Shyvana who?
What about Star Guardian Gwen?!
You guys should make a reason for us players to play as a 5 man because league is becoming more boring for us who plays league for about 5-10yrs already
These dev updates are so nice!
SAMIRA ULTIMATE SAMIRA ULTIMATE AAAAAAAAAAAA
these changes are so lackluster bro nice for biggest budget 2023
So no other modes this year ? Like URF, Nexus Blitz and One for All ?
Ah. This is what yugioh players are clamoring for. Now i get why its such a hor topic
The ASUs pushed back to next year is WILD. All we get this year is Jax and no VGU.  The process is so slow, and Zilean will probably be updated in 2030 at this rate. A company this size should not be this slow.
Naafiri??
skipping to 3:00 ...  sorry not intrested with rank and clashes...
Does this mean when its easier to promote now its also easier to demote? Coz its usually hard to demote from glod to silver for example, so one can now demote from gold to silver with just one loss perhaps?
Wait. Lee Sin and Teemo ASU for 2024? What? Why they told us about Jax ASU? If Lee Sin and Teemo are for 2024 then Jax is for 2025.  I think is better to don't announce things if they aren't going to be released soon. It is a huge turn off that the dates of release are so far away.
Removes the 5th rank of each tier. Adds iron. Adds emerald. Why did we remove the 5th tier ranks and then just add them back with different names.
I'm begging on my knees make one click button to change all champion shards in to blue essence I'm begging
And 1 month later they will release another prestige for Kai’sa and 2 ultimates for Lux and Leona. 😂 Yeah guys stop.
the clash changes are a good step forward it felt so punishing to lose the first game
These are some well received changes  But for the love of god give the older champions a rework first in the future, These are some of the champs that should have  gotten a rework (or just visual rework) much much earlyer: Cho'gath, Rumble, Blitzcrank, Corki, Gragas, Zilean. Like if you agree :)
So no skarner rework 😢
Where are transfers? And answers to this question from twitter?)
Can we ask for links to devblogs in the description, so we don't have to go hunt them down ourselves?
god this game is trash
Looking forward to not having promos
Im always looking in the background in case there’s any crazy hints to things, but I always get disappointed :,( Great dev blog today though!!!
2 ASU’s per year. Small indie company can’t really update the visuals in 14 year old game. League is just miserable at this point.
lovely
So, they just take some goods from wild rift?
Samira Ultimate sounds good. Excited to see what they'll bring to the table this time.
No more promos from D1 to Master feels so illegal no cap
I don't understand, why do you guys refuse to Rework or ASU Shyvana so much? I'm genuinely curious. Past polls should already tell you that's what people are asking for.
Lee sin 2024 temo 2024 so long how about jax
Riot pls where no more VGU ?
I really like these dev updates
The ASU estimated dates are fine... But it just feels like too much time. It'll be 2030 before the most urgent ASUs (Janna, Malphite, Lulu, Chogath, Sona, Vladimir, etc) get done.
Please release the game in India..... please 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
love the dev updates
Naafiri?
Loved orianna new icons
Samire Ultimate omg
200 Years!
"100 pc nuggets" absolutely amazing name 10/10
so when are u planning to remove the promos? cuz im in one right now so if i dont play that i will automatically skip to the next elo?
I would like it if Teemo got a speed boost towards Mushroom slowed enemies so his w wasn't his escape and all in option
2v2v2v2 Hype!
Teemo's laugh better be staying
SAMIRA ULTIMATE XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
New asu’s? Where Skarner 😢
FIX THE GAME XDDDD??????????
Yeyyyy 🥰🥰🥰
Finally no more unlucky promos, we just promote forward when we reach the 100 LP Threshold, BLESS 🎉
I really like Andrei , aka Meddler .   Seems like the perfect person for these videos .
How about deleting the looser/winner queue system and hard-reseting mmr every season ? So ranked feels less unfair without diminishing its accomplishments ?
u say the majority of player are below silver. so u put a division between diamond and platimum . what about silver gap?
Please put vel koz in WildRift 🎉🎉🎉
The biggest problem with clash imo is that its so late. For example I start work 6am and clash starts at 8.15 pm on Sunday. Then I won't be done with the games until 10. 45~ pm. So atleast have Sunday clash start 1 hour earlier or just hav clash Friday and Saturday.
pls bring the rank helmets back the new ones look like mobile game
The description doesnt have links :(
Finally they removed promos. Thank you very much!
Im here early
WHY Samira bruh, we don't need more of her
So they are adding Emerald rank from Wild Rift
More than a year of working on teemo? How?
a date for the next darkin champions ?
can i please get lunar beast miss fortune?
cringe
So no more promos and "the majority are silvers so we're making them golds and adding a new rank" Yea that's a good idea
But please make Clash Available for People that dont play Rankeds. It just makes no sense you have to play a mode you dont want to  just to enjoy Clash.
When did they change the icons for oriannas abilities?
BUFF KASSADIN RIGHT NOW!!!!
Ranked is so broken in tr server pls help riot
Hey babe wake up new Dvs video just dropped
If you didn’t come from tiktok raise your hand 🤚🏽
4:12 😀: **eye tick**
Where naafiri
No more promos, thank the lord.
Gimme URF back !
Yes TEEEEEMOOOOOOO
Thats all well and good, where might i ask are rotating game modes? You know real new gameplay
I go play diablo 4
Fix the links in the description!
No Teemo, Lee Sin or Skarner this year... What a disappointment.
emerald stuckers zzzz
Most rare Riot W
Kotu olmus bune riot
AI generated video?
Finally!!!!
FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED  FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED FIX RANKED
Love these dev updates
Praying for ARAM clash again
Early
First ?
WOWZERS!!!!
FIrst :)
finally!
Yorick bugfix when.. 😢
30 sec nice
love these
first :)
